5.60 WWE prisonstone nearing kneeell Roger Charles Todd mighty El Galt 5.60 in take a-brower and another 41. He antagonises the 2016 You can love seawr at your side. Happy New Year to all of those of us who are still hanging around, who didn't get to watch the way by these tsunami. By the way, Norma, don't bug me. Okay, I'm doing a radio show right now. Send me an email, all right. Let's not stare out the new year with more of your psychosis, all right? And by the way, the check is still on table and they're having a milder yet. So leave me alone. Just as a time when stern is saying goodbye, there's the phone ringing. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Just enough already. Bye-bye. Bye-bye Norma. Take all that nice money. I sent you and have a nice vacation. Go to Hawaii. Like, say line would be nice. Who on the eastern call say line? Nope. Don't you? No. That's before your time or your Sri Lanka. I mean, what kind of an A is say line? That's got like a name to it, man. Like a British place, which is what it was. Once upon a time, little boys and girls out there, the brits owned a whole damn world, basically. They had all straight in New Zealand. They had India, the head South Africa, they had say line. What else? The whole world. Like you said, most of the world. A bear. And of course, last Malvines, the Folk of Islands. And then all of a sudden it started like falling apart. That's when the queens started having like bad BMs, when everything started falling apart. Anyway, happy New Year to everybody out there and George and I'm sure to this stellar job while I was away having some very pleasantly go shey-eight in the house. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man, oh man, could I tell some stories today or what? Wow. But I won't. Now that we got to deal with it, those people that were calling me to last day before the situation get lost. I think it was Howard's brother. You know, the one that's got that health food store in Broward or wherever in Palm Beach somewhere down there? Yeah. I think that was him. I'll call Don Buckwell. Do this. Don't sign with him. I did. Guess what? It's over with. It was a very present negotiation. Based on a bunch of lives and treks in the history of it. Nevertheless, we still got it done and it's done. It's science, he'll deliver. So why do serious people buy by? He who has it tastes as lost. You're lost in my game. When you read? Yeah. I don't need them. I'm just not into people at him and all, but to be. But it would be, I don't like that. I like them. I'm decisive. But when I bought that, I bought that 2005 red Corvette without even seeing it. Side I'm seen. I don't like that. And I'm going to tell you that those few days that I was down there the week that car. Anybody wants to buy a Corvette? He got a few bucks. The 2005. That's the one to get. Man. That is the greatest vehicle ever made. It is beyond. It is positively unreal. It is. You believe me? Maybe I'll let you drive it for a while. All right. No. It's not too many miles anything. Let me give a little talk. I'm not supposed to do this all the way to my good friends at 2Js and Rhoveh. Or my good friends is a guy named Michael who's like the Mator D or whatever he is. The Greater D. What do you see in a fancy restaurant you call the Mator D, right? Right. What do you call a guy like that at the Greater, right? Host. The host is in. You can call the Greater also. The host. That's like that's something that the Catholics. But the, like pedestrian restaurants, they have a hostess. And if it's a male. Yeah. I think the guy's name is Michael. But I've ever very nice guy. Hey, Michael. Thanks for the nice treatment there. We still paid and get any free meal. We're looking for no freebie. But that's a great place. Two days. They're all over. They're like 21 in Florida. They're in plantation. The fountain shops. That's the one I found by accident while I was waiting for him. The host is open. And also was looking at puppy to the puppy place. Well, I don't know about you. But that's not a place that I should be hanging out with. I just have such a soft spot for dogs. And if I was going to be there, which I'm not. If I were, I would've like got me a little puppy. Yeah, they're doing it. These cute little puppies in the window. They all look at you with that sad look. Oh, please, please take me home. And let me dump all over your carpeting and ruin the house and chew up everything. And let me make your life hell. But they're really cute. So I guess little puppies are great if you look at him through a window. But I'm not. Don't take him home unless you want to make a big commitment. That's my suggestion to read. Okay. So what do we got going here? What did I miss? I don't think I'm a steady thing. I think you guys all miss something. I don't even want to go into it. Yeah, we missed a big way. That's about it. Oh yeah. Big wave. And by the way, I have a message for Greg Reed. Oh, wow. Holy moly. I mean, I'm even too embarrassed for him. I don't want to go into it on the years. Is that, does that tell you how embarrassing his latest performance was in regard to me in the show? And everything? No. It is. I just don't even want to talk about it on the year. That's how humiliated I am. That anybody could be just a master pervericator. It's incredible. Can we say that again? You know, he ain't going to change like I told him before vacation. What's going to change? Remember I said that? Why is anything going to change? Like line 9's going to be real good right here. Our first call of a new year. Where are we great? QAM. Happy New Year. I still hate you. That's good. I'm pleased. Could have been a lot worse. 26 past. We sure have a fan from the log that I guess to see what the performance has been really Screwed off for a couple of weeks now. Let's get what that you guys. Okay. Just resigned for two more for four years. I got now. Let's get some spots on the log so we can make some money so they can pay the heavy do any freight that they show us cost in them. And all other big towns that we got. Like, like that one is getting paid for laying out. By the way, nice golfing game again yesterday. I guess we're all supposed to be very excited that they made a game out of it. They made a really thrilling right down with a bitter end there. And we're supposed to be excited about that Josh. Not really. No. It's still lost. It's the same. You know, 4 and 12 is still 4 and 12. And it really should have been like probably 2 and 14 when you come right down to it. That Cleveland game on that month was at a Monday or Sunday night. Monday night. Yeah, it was Monday. That was on the east. That had to be the most coma-inducing performance I've ever seen in my life. And for I just because I was so bored. I watched the entire thing. That was pathetic. That was tragic. I think it was Greg Kodtex, one of those losers that wrote and was a good line to be said, thank God for getting that game over, is sparing us over time. I mean, over time an decade would have been like cruel and unusual punishment. That was pathetic. And a Patriot say hit like in about 5th gear yesterday and Brady didn't play to 4th quarter. They just eased on by the pathetic 49ers. 14 and 2 ain't bad, right? That was very good. And as it turns out, the dolphin went over the Patriots. Didn't make any differences for us home to hear the bandage because Pittsburgh never lost another game. And since Pittsburgh beaten away with the regular regular season, even as the pass had been 15 and 1. He still wouldn't have had the home advantage. See they got to buy, buy, buy, buy. So it's going to be pretty interesting. The dolphins don't make the playoffs, but we got, we got Nick Sabin man. There is the man. Michigan State. How many years since they had a winning team? About 30 man. 28 after 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. See I'm on the verge of starting. I'm glad that I see because you know, little later behind there you forget. I was on the verge of starting the regular show and I forgot that we don't see the show and I forgot that we don't start to love an o'clock. In spite of rumors. What do you mean by that? That's what it is. All right, it's during we're straighting this morning as the year's resolution was going to be ending at 10. So I don't know what that's all about. Maybe normal will send me an email on that instead of bothering me with silly ass phone calls right to some about to go on here. I realize he probably thought I had about a half an hour to go, which I thought was hoping to as well. Would have been nice. We're trying to use spoiled and pampered with that crap. 1045, 1050. And all of a sudden 1018 right on the back there goes a howie. Ring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks at Armstrong for the home state. You've been putting it off buying anything but don't wait any longer. For a limited time gets zero percent financing and aim to following new 05s in stock for ready for immediate delivery. Escape, free stars, toruses. Wow. If you could see this piece of copy that what does that say? Absolutely. Super duty, Harley Davidson trucks. You have the exact correct? I don't know. And the all new 4500. This is the worst piece of copy from your fat friend, GFI man. I hope they get right over by a steam roll. Okay. Man, can you see that fall off from that? If you want more than how about 1.9% financing and all new 05 expeditions, explorers, F1, 50s and Rangers too. Right now at Armstrong for the home state certain are six to apply. The last at Armstrong for the home state are jam packed and they're cutting prices right now. They offer more vanity. Either lower customers because when you buy your 4 to Armstrong for it, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for a life program. That's absolutely correct. Tires and batteries for life plus for a limited time are free sun pass too. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong for the home state will guarantee you the best price and don't forget. Armstrong for the home state look well enough for it. They want you to be a customer for life so the treat you just like family. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch no phony deals. Armstrong for the home state. The Retro 725 South, Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 86. Check them on a wicked web. Armstrong cars.com and then travel a little and save thousands from Armstrong for the home state. And now we're still trying to be around your morning's in the day. And we're still around the clock to find the ship. We're here. And open the UI and see the answer. This weekend's on access Hollywood. Homer, you're on strike because you want a larger salary, right? Something very potent. That's been a long dose line. So what more do you want? The job man for bitten go now. Take the boy tonight to the American. Tarko. Pancake. Yeah. Okay, well good luck with that. And while you're on strike, what are you going to be doing? I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days. The Michael Jackson. You're well. Now make sure we have plenty of cold touch. It puts a beer on a. You're going to get your Michael Jackson with us right? No, but like an electrical outlet. If you're not starting to stay in, it means you're picking it too much. Michael Jackson's work. You like it, right? You like it, right? That's what the world needs now. More love, more. Take it out. Be touching my special area. Don't you monster. Yeah, okay. If I'm so sorry, right now, it's an idiot. It's just all mine. That's just weekend that access Hollywood. Homer, would you see Janet Jackson as Letterman? Oh, be. All right, you're almost in your right. That's great. Okay, for the 3, 27 before love, let's take a look at that schedule today. Look at that. Mad dog is actually working today, end of Mar, and Wednesday and Thursday. I don't have the schedule for Friday, so we don't know what that's going to bring. Is he really not going to like him? I'm tabulating about Friday's schedule. That's why we don't have a yet. Or maybe just parents screwed up having just come back from vacation. Mad dog at two, then we got the Humper. Is it the Orange Bull headquarters? How come they're having an Orange Bull on January 4th? The Nessie, a little bit late to you? Well, I think they did that last year too. Did they? Yeah, well, let me say it again. How come they do that? Who can say? I don't know. Well, let's see, who's playing the Orange Bull USC and who? Oklahoma. Well, why does it say, oh, you? Oklahoma University, but anybody with a brain would have put like, okay. Like Dennis James would say, okay, okay. Are you sure? Okay. Positive. Yeah, okay. But anyway, it's Oklahoma, USC. Well, that sounds pretty boring. I'll tell you one thing, the game was in high definition, the Rose Boyle other night. Man was at a great game. Why don't Michigan get you beat by Texas on the last minute field. I watched it. That would end in HD, man, old man, old man. You ain't seen nothing. Of course you're watching on your crappy pedestrian 60 inch Japan and son. I get her, I'm it's a busy. That's what I would eat. But when George Viser that HD, you're really seeing improvement next to the next. Next bull season. Said it's coming soon. Oh, and my TV too. Guilty, seven and ten tonight, the Hollywood Greyhound. What's Guilty going to be doing it? Probably turn up a lot of tickets and then any K10 a clock tonight. Any storm up a few tickets in his time. I guarantee you that. Let me give a speaking of horse racing and plunging. Got to salute a couple of good friends of mine who are retiring after a distinguished career. First of all, my friend Helen and Eric Canada 35 years at Eric Canada. Then she retired a few days ago. Best of luck to you, Helen. You're the best. And also another good close personal friend Phil Sautzman. Even you know Phil, as I did. The race called a red call for last 20 years. Phil called his last race. I want to fill it all in case he's listening or somebody knows him listening pass it along. The racing network here in Canada, which say the Carter is one of the tracks they show the races from. They gave Phil a nice mention when he called the last race yesterday. Well good. Yeah, that was you know, Phil's a good guy. There's a fine job and nobody don't like Phil Sautzman. So, you're best to like to you. Phil, you're okay in our book. Anything else to be missing the other plugs? Jenna Jamison. I'll mention that now. And we'll mention again after all of our clock. She deserves an extra mention. If you don't know who Jenna Jamison is, Jenna Jamison is, then you probably. Yeah. So we don't need no big introduction for her. Jenna is there on our beating curtain thing. Right. What are the more modest pictures? No, we all own. Yeah. No look too modest to me, but what about the line-off? But that's very modest. I understand. I've seen her here and there. Now and then. Five six seven. Let's take a bunch of calls for a stir. Now is that going to be a regular thing? I look for an email from Norma Kent on there. I don't see one. I don't know what that was all about. Why do you call me a message? So I know what that you're talking about. Mr. Mystery, Mr. annoying me right on. Right off the bat. Right on the bat. Right on the box. And the first day of the new year. And there he is. Just give it a rest already. Sweetheart. Enough. God. Some people just never stop. They never lay off. They never just take an easy for a while. Relax. The deal is signed. The checks are clear in the bank. Everything is coming along just fine. Don't worry about it. Don't be looking for problems. You know when there's a problem. Like what is next call probably. WQAM Hello. It's a wonderful program. Sure. Yeah. It's having Jones right off the bat for the new year. A lot of all program. But at Phony voice. Man, oh man. Talk about showing your activity in the entire world. WQAM Hello. Yes. Call it from 10. The calling from Gendo. Well, I guess what. We don't take calls from Kendall on Monday. Make an appointment for Tuesday. 5. 6. 0. These people don't even have appointments for today much less than their call on. How do you like that? Is that a lot of nerve or what? WQAM Hello. You're probably for Georgia's opinion. WQAM Hello. I publish on Bavolo. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Send the user. A Bavolo. A George. What? Get those CDs? No. I've got some CDs this week. Didn't get them in. Hey. Come on. I think what they're trying to say. They're a little hungover from a while. A lot of years. We can. Don't expect too much. Whatever we get, we'll take it. Okay. WQAM Hello. QAM. I'm part of Miami. You're calling from Miami. But the same boat. I've got a voice when you're calling from Kendall. At least you're making some progress. Next thing you know, you're being Hollywood. 560. Who could have ever dreamed they were going to be this good? Oh, I got the bat out of the box. Are they here? Tom 560. And a Verizon. Sing it a wireless lines. WQAM Hello. Hello. New. Yes. Today's poll should be. How many years until George becomes a radio talk show host? Yeah. How many years before you get a brain? Shmuck. WQAM Hello. I know. Yeah. I know. WQAM Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I have some issues regarding George. Well, good talk. Next time, George is on call up and talk to him about, okay? Yes, some issues regarding that sounded like a Verizon Jones again to me. The other one. Oh, I heard. Boyfriend. Well, he's probably a little sore after a tough holiday weekend. WQAM Hello. I'm saying you know how you do it. Okay. I have to do a great job feeling in for George and that. Tomorrow. That is a home home. Okay. Well, we're nice to know that. I didn't know that. Yeah, that's why he talks so funny. WQAM Hello. Did George bring you back? WQAM Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. I have been in New Year's. Back to you. I have. This is for George. Nice, guys. WQAM Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Are you? Great. Happy New Year, sir. Now, listen. I have something for you. I'll bed. Mr. G. Move back. Oh, now we don't care. And he should only die. How's that? Okay. We don't care about Mr. G. He should only die a wicked death. Don't care. All these are all the people you talked to. There's the in private. Told you. You're telling me you've got a show today. There's this. It's all the losers. Right. And I can't always say when people got a problem. I have no right. Like that. There's the ones that you hear from. Everybody else is trying to like, you know, get their life together. And since these people have no life. That's why they're there. Well, we're delighted to keep you off the streets. WQAM The famous line nine. I'm counting from Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, that guy's moving fast. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Can I speak a name please? No, you don't have no change. Now, but the action like that. Oh, this could be a new record. WQAM Hello. We'll get a lot of money anyway. QAM. Oh, that sounds a little long. Dead side of me. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Five, six, seven, eight. By 11 o'clock, we can get a thousand of these on. If I move fast, if you move quickly, as Mr. Ego used to say, WQAM Hello. Oh, need a wonderful program. Yes. Wonderful program. I feel like we're going backward now. WQAM Hello. Joe Zagati. WQAM Hello. Hi, Niel. Yes, sir. A couple years ago, I remember you talking about a pain in your shoulder when you would not be slept with. Yeah. Is that unusual? I mean, don't most people eventually sometime in life get a pain in their shoulder, but they sleep on your shoulder or something. Yeah. That's the pain in my shoulder. I wonder if you ever get that thing taken care of in what you did. You know, I'm sorry, sir. I'm just going to put on the other shoulder, work like a charm. Five, six, seven, five, six, ten, five, six, ten out of a rising in singular wireless line. Holy, moly, man. This is a, we all wanted really is. That's exactly what I was thinking. It is amazing. What did you do to the audience George? What are you doing? How come they're so good today? WQAM Hello. I heard that I'm, I, it's the most kind of give me a happy view. Oh, good. Woo. Man, I better take a deep breath. WQAM Hello. I feel a poking when I'm sleeping. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yes. That's him again. He's in the view now. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. WQAM Hello. Overrated. WQAM Hello. QAM Ola. Focusing. Focusing. Focusing. Yeah, why should we leave him out? What's his special deal? We leave him out. We leave him out. Let's get him out there too, right? By the way, I don't know if I mentioned this, but I have a special little insight thing. A message for Greg Reed. I don't know if I mentioned that yet today or not. But nevertheless, I might mention several times. Wow. If this audience had any concept, any even an inkling of what went down these last ten days, you just, you wouldn't be able to function. You wouldn't be able to continue. I think the world would come to a screeching halt. WQAM Hello. Good morning, guys. Happy New Year. So you sound a little bit too coherent for this bunch. I know. That's too much coffee this morning. Say listen, wondering what your predictions are for 2005. It's going to be a big year now. It's going to be a big year. What does that mean? God, just, you know, good things happening. We're all moving forward. There was going to be a wonderful man. We got another year. George W.F. Fadass. Jeff Bush was just over there serving all the damage. Doing everything he could to like, you know, get some brownie points. I mean, what's not to like? Everything is beautiful. No, no, it's a happy time. I have a son. I got to be happy. Well, congratulations to you, sir. By the way, I mean, I just hope the president doesn't send your send money. So many of them have over there to like to be butchered in some of the part of the world like he do not always other kids. You may send them when he's not old enough actually. I do that if we get this. If we invade enough countries, he might have to start taking ten year olds. That's scary. Well, good luck, Mr. Thank you, figure. There's a real blue scar for right there. Everything is why everything is beautiful. Just like race Stevens, right? Right. I mean, just because in fact, I don't want to start with the stories. I'm not sure, I surely chiseled on. That's bad news. Suicide car bombs explode in Baghdad and Belad. But we don't care about that. Tom Zick is good, nardacle, and he's speculating and speculating. Yeah, I'm tempted to like start this up because when I'd like to know what this deal is going to be. Is he really getting off at the Ramtenaclanka wedding? In fact, if Norma Kent would send me to them email or call to leave me a message and said, like, call me right before I go on here. So I get some information what he's talking about. Then I would know something, right? But I don't. Just, uh, it's the same old crap. Oh, wait, there's an email on my email. Ready an email message? All right, read it on the air. That's what it said. Oh, yeah, it's from Norma and it says, update confidential. Well, great to see. He was that a computer, so I was well, it's really, I'm kind of, well, let's know. Oh, I see. Well, why is that good news? Why is it well? Would it be good news if we started 10 o'clock? What did, what a jackass Norma? That wouldn't be good news. I mean, it's what my is well, siphon some better fit from this whole crazy deal, right? Right? That would be good news. Well, let's know. Oh, man, the big deal. Oh, man, I'm there. Okay. Nice work, Norma. Just don't push it too far, okay? He's one of these guys that never stops weedland and dealing. You know what I mean? Everything is signed, sealed over the money's in the bank. And this guy, the pap pap pap pap pap. I'll get a live sweetheart. Go pick up some homeless kids and leave me alone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Excuse me, some runaways. Oh, oh, there's all kinds of crap coming over my fax machine here now. I'd love to get a lot more of these important calls before we start the show for serious and let it clock. Are we doing a show for serious? See, I don't understand. It's like, um, who is it? Is it open and Anthony? I think so. They're on a, over the air station somewhere is carrying them. Even while they're on XM. Okay. And why couldn't we do the same thing eventually down the road? Like in about a week. Right? I mean, if they were serious, they'd stick us on your right away. Just give these great calls and be reasonable. WQAM, hello. Hey, New York has gone. Pretty good, pal. Happy New Year, too. Happy New Year to you. Hey, it's the same. I've got a gritton for a person died. I love their books. Hey, listen. It's, uh, now you can not attend a call. Yeah, yeah. The actions that I have to earn you paycheck. Yeah. You know, it's, uh, you helped you. You're gonna get off your side as you lose them right this year. Yeah. All right, buddy. You can hear your men. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Three of these really is, uh, amazing to me. The great love hit we were really contributing to the audience. We love the hate. Finally said never changed. Or is it the other way around? WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Happy New Year. Yes, sir. Same to you. When you're going to tell George, he wasn't actually on the radio. Those were tapes. Yeah, her or anything. So are you, Reverend. Now. WQAM, hello. QAM. I want to talk to the need of praise. Are you, are you in, uh, Salt Lake City yet? No. Well, with calls when you get there, pal. 560, 560, pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless loins. WQAM, hello. No, but can hate you. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Speak up. Yeah, I just want to speak to Neil. Get some more on to one. On there today. Yeah, we should or let's get something really intelligent and articulate like you. What do you got? I would like to talk about the idiot that just called in and said it's nice here and from his first day of listen. And then they were all just, how do you, how do you say it's this nice here and from your women's arm. What's the soon going to down the radio? Yeah, exactly. He's a, you got nothing to say. He's trying to best he can't. Don't be knocking him. Okay, and you're not doing too video. God. Don't, don't, one of my favorite deals is somebody will call because they, 99% of nothing to say anyway. They just want to hear the sound of their own voice, or they want to either suck up or take a gratuitous shot. But they'll call and then they'll, they'll say something in response to somebody that was just on. Right. As, in other words, they had nothing to say when he called, so their material is whatever somebody just said like 10 seconds before. Or maybe not 10 seconds, maybe more like, But turn the man like that. Well, I've said that. I've done your lucky. Oh, I just dogs this scratchy throat again. I must go because of in such good shape. And I think the reason for it is the climate change again. It wasn't all like great the week I was in Florida. I'll tell you that. Although I didn't have a very exciting trip to publics. What? Hey, listen, that's one of the highlights when you're in Florida. What are you going to do? They were, it was too cold like good to the beach. It was like windy and cloudy and mud. The first day there was some sun and I was about it. And you just sit there and you watch TV and you eat and you eat and then you go to publics. And then you go to like Walgreens and get a bunch of candy and crap or maybe some ice cream. And then you go to like wind dixie. Now, I'm not big fan of wind dixies. You know, but I will say this wind dixie, the one over there in what is the name of that? It's on Howard Boulevard shopping, another shopping center. I don't know, you know, they're so rare. But that particular wind dixie's got to self check out the old going already. Which I thought that that was coming, but not a reality yet. And it would please you to know that I went there a second time just for the excitement to check my own groceries out. Ooh, yeah. I mean, not that I buy all that much by the 10 things, eight things, whatever, or maybe if you're really. Not turned man. And you go through there and you like scan your own and you better scan them all because otherwise you're going to drag your answer way. They got a special room and you're not going to take care of those who don't scan every item. And then you can either pay by cash or stick to money right in the stick in the slot. And then they give you the change or you can pay by credit card and you sign a little. It takes you while to figure out if that little window is to sign your name. And that gives you receipt and you pack your own and you bag your own and then you walk out. How do you like that? I like it. And there are no lines. In fact, I guess they're cutting away back. I saw the supermarket is going to be doing that right. So check out probably. Now what's going to happen? Because I'm sure all of us have had the experience of, oh, you know, I heard the Humphor one day. When was I here and I'm talking about the fact that he has been in the supermarket in years. Really? Why is that? Is he have a shopper? No, no, no, no, he just eats out. He saw all of his meals out. That's one of the reasons that he's so. Oh, he has to get a lot of the key to help us alive and arrest him too would be nice. So maybe maybe would be nice if like he goes and buys a salad or something and sticks in their fridge. Anything. People who eat all their meals out are destined to be humongous and die a wicked early death. I'm telling you that right now eating out is not the way to go. I mean, eating our in restaurants out. Follow my drift. Oh, how do you know? You think you're going to like be trimming some eating restaurants? Or not. That's a lot. All your meals? No, but it tastes good while you live. Well, depending on where you eat. Sometimes it tastes good and sometimes it's a lick down. I don't want to mention our restaurant. Well, no, the woman called the next day. I don't want to be knocking that place. I'm so tempted to say it because it was disappointing and it cost a lot when even the restaurant that's very expensive and it like lets you down. You feel like you've been raped in it. You know, it's just not good. But because the lady called, I'd already left town but she called and said it was nice to see me and y'all. Of course, they didn't pick up the check which is fine too, but at least it's a fool with him and good. I'm not looking for freebies just for good food like two days. I'm telling you, you're missing out. You really don't know. I'll try to all find ones of them. No, the one you'll find is the one right there in the fountain shops. Or unless you want to go all the way to Boko, which I don't think is real. There's one. There's one. There's one. It's very good. Cool. Spring has one. Yeah, they do. Have you been in there? No. I have. Not good. Great. I mean, really sensational. For what it is, I mean, it's a Delhi. It's not like a gourmet restaurant. But it's a, I guess you call it gourmet Delhi. In fact, that's what the name of it is. Two days original gourmet Delhi. I had the best omelette there I've ever had in my life and it was just stuff with all kinds of great stuff. I just mentioned it because it's so rare when you're five when you just accidentally discover a place you figure, I'll give it a try. And then you're walking the door and they pee all over your first wall. And then secondly, the food turns out to be so fantastic and a voice. That is good. These calls though. QAM hello. Yeah, what's your deal? Speaking. Yeah, I got the test of propuls. Yeah. Who has a best word? Say, I'm a bad guy. Say, I'm a bad guy. He's movies. Yeah. I like him too. WDQAM hello. I mean, yes sir. You know, somebody was at it right, you were gone. And what is that? They were at it. The lawsuit is going to be the charge. This is Reverend Joe again. Again, this is an oldie. I only been on for about a half an hour. And that's how many calls now? Turn the man. Get a lifesweet. Get a light. Go get a job. Go out and apply for welfare. Stand up. Go work for what's his name? You got it with a homeless voice. What does his name again? Oh, can that be shun. It's shun. Can not can only. Can only go out work for him on a speak corner. Put on one of them orange outfits. One of them orange jumpsuits. WDQAM hello. Are you having a controversial show? Yeah, we're having a controversial show. Yeah, about the colors in the past. WDQAM hello. Yeah, I'm holding for the man doll. Down here. You hold this. WDQAM hello. He grew up. What to do in down there. Dad. He doesn't know. Who are all these people? Anyway, we're going to hell. This is great. This is a good home. It's the B team. Is it? WDQAM hello. I know. Yes, sir. I might enough. You get bloody. I often saw him before you got to come out. When I went off and saw you talking about. I might have dolphins number one. I got him. He's handsome. I'm afraid of sputmups. I'm sorry. He's taken the ball. But both of them are like no longer ever. But two-thirds and two-thirds. And we're always in control. And when you say my name, you're talking to both of them. I know because with him, I need y'all. I need y'all. I'm going to go all out. Just for the night, they go all the way. I need y'all. I'm going to go all out. What are you doing? They're going to be tonight I see you in the way. You're doing it. They're fucking late. These 24- cardio Brooke. Your bodybuildingurg is hormonal custody. I'm Amy. Your eatery is babble like Robby. A bodybuilding, a reward position. We're a little envolvable as well. No, that when you say my name, You say my hand, you're so beautiful Because we love my every song My every song My every song is no more Yes, we love my every song My every song My every song is no more The band is no more My every song is no more Oh, my every song is no more I every song is no more The vocal control is yes, we love my every song Okay, I every song I every song is no more I every song is no more I every song is no more Right, so we can sing I only sing 70 or 90 It's crucibly I'm 26, you're 18 This is the new Roger cell This is the new Roger cell Any question? There's voices inside I'm out I'm out I'm out I'm out Anybody open this, ladies We can exchange to mana They get burnt to those Store theirhews added party Gatherding checkers on up all it do We're gonna watch it now Push the所以呢 Watch out Push in the party Everybody Push it the whistle And stand on the bat Plus, it's for theète Pushed the saat If they told it, they switched up and retired. Three thousand lives will never be a dent. Because you'll break the watch, fucking. Because you'll pass, you'll be a dent. And all this sucks and what the fuck? Because you're so, you're so, you're so, you're so, you're so. You're so, you're so, you're so. You're so, you're so. You're so, you're so. You're so, you're so. You're so, you're so. You're so, you're so, you're so. You're so, you're so. You're so. You're so, you're so. I don't want to. If you. Then you'll take the. It's. session of brilliant observations about the past year and great wishes to all of us for the new year. It's a very audience out there. The breach in for the poll, what is this thing that you just sent me? So it's happy New Year, Neil. How perfect is the USA look now? 150,000 innocent men, women and children were suddenly and unexpectedly still very badly killed by an actual disaster. In the meantime, we're spending billions of dollars to intentionally kill maybe 10,000 of the same innocent people over. We got a lot more than that. Not to mention the 13, almost 1400 of our own. innocent people are innocent people wherever they may live it says. What an observation. By the way, our government pledged immediately 30 million. But it could transfer fee in Sri Lankan town and then they got embarrassed and they up to like 35 and I was like, all about to 30,000,000,000. Even though the jabs are putting in 500 million. How do you like that? Are we gonna let the jabs out do us? Shame on us, man. Shame on us. Even the measly Canadians are sticking a double-dare 40 million up to 80 million. And since Canada's got 10% of the population of the U.S., on a pro-alright of basis, pro-wraided data, it would be like 80 times 10, right? Okay. Well, there's 30 million people in Canada and there's about 300 million in the U.S., it sounds like 10 times to me, and it's not like that to you. Okay. So you're multiply 80 million times 10. That means it should be at least 800 million in the U.S. sticking in there. And they're putting an amazingly 350 million people. Yeah. Wow. Get rid of him. And rule and cool in there. Talk about a cell on areas with our flat ass governor, Jeff Bush. Bush is on brother. Oh, my God. Oh, God. As I've seen apartment building smaller than that. Meeting with officials. Oh, brother. Your flat ass governor, the jabs through too much Bush, man. Too much Bush in the world. That's the problem. That's what the Pope's saying. 1331 votes on your poll from Friday. And the kind of a cute poll. What you take on the human race is a hole. That's spelled with a W. Although I think he'll just in H would have been good. It's doomed. It's doomed. That's what Robby Young would have said. He weren't dead. It's doomed. 514. My friends and I are great, but everyone else sucks 295. That's a good choice. I voted for that. Yeah. Pizza. It's OK. OK. 245. It sucks. The Illinois sucks 187. And it's great. 90. Not too good. Only 6.7% of the UNRACE is great. Get a lot of smaller creatures. There's a lot of more ignorant creatures. But the fact that you're bigger and you've got a bigger brain means you're smarter. And also more dangerous. And they should know better. Right. You just don't give a crap. That's the human race, basically. We just don't give a crap. Where you're destroying the environment. You're limiting all these species while who cares. Yeah. If we can't eat them for lunch, we don't want them anyway. I would say, my one piece is advice to all your kids out there. Be very, very wary of people who eat sushi. OK. I know. I don't want to pick on anybody in particular. But if you run into anybody who eats a lot of sushi, be very, very concerned. Be afraid. I've got this tag for Brandy's. But thank you. Thanks for being on the show. And that's how the fanboy forgets us a new piece of copy for dollar mattress. He probably ripped him a big fan. And certainly was it here. I want to thank whoever it is that goes in here in the weekend and brings the mail-in. And then shows it in a corner somewhere where I can't see it or find it. Yeah. Are they trying to be helpful? Yeah. As Robert got all in locks on the door there, sir. Everybody throw in airplane grab-ass in our studio, the Neo-Wargers studio. Surely Chism, first black woman elected to Congress dies. Absolutely correct. Well, that's not to be sponsored. I was looking for her. Surely Chism, the first black woman elected to Congress. And I was looking for women in minorities during seven terms in the house. That year, Daytona Beach, friend, said Sunday she was 80. She was our Moses, who opened the Red Sea for us. Robert, he would present the NAACP and Flaver County to lay in PLA yesterday. He didn't have details of her death on Saturday. Chism was raised in a predominantly black new New York City neighborhood was elected to the US, 2016. Was a riveting speaker, often criticized Congress as being too clubby and unresponsive. And she was absolutely correct. And I'm a man. My greatest political asset which professional politicians here is my mouth. She told voters, out of which come the all kinds of things one should know we discussed for reasons of political expediency. She went to Congress to represent New York, the same year Richard Nixon was elected to the White House and served until two years into Ronald Reagan's 10 years prison. She was also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus in 1969. Shirley Chism, good lady. She's dead. Stamin. The real people are the dead people. You do understand that, don't you? I do. And the fact people are soon to be dead people. That's a good one. I told man, I can't wait. I will come back special events on his grave. Well, you're good friends. Fat boy. Will it be a Kizansky? It will be a Kizansky and a track of anything else I can do. Fuck you. In a pugu Lou. Suicide car bombs explode in bad dead and blood. Things have gone really funky. Do where the election is only 27 days away now? In a rack. It's going to be on January. But turn the man. So they say, how are they going to do that? Doesn't that count? Oh, please. They don't even have the electricity on around a clock. You know, like a few hours here, a couple of hours there. Murder and blood shed in our designated appointee will win in our field. Yeah. It will win in quotes and there will be civil war in blood shed. Yeah. To a suicide car bombs, including one that exploded near the Prime Minister's party headquarters in Baghdad, killed seven oracle. He's mooted 30-9 others today as insurgents press their deadly campaign. To disrupt those national elections, most of the victims were security troops. You can't complain about the security in Iraq because generally speaking, there is none. A third car bomb exploded later today near the US main checkpoint to the green zone. They heavily fortified every housing the US embassy in Iraqi government offices. US embassy spokesman Bob Callahan said US troops are out of a burning vehicle at the scene. Tom Jicker writes, good old Tom Jicker. I think for the new year, I'm going to be nice to Tom Jicker this year. He's, you know, while I was home, friend of mine went to my mother's house before I sold it and brought out a carton of crap. You know, all these old photo album she had, you pee your pants, you know, these pictures of me as a little kid, everything. Actually, I was kind of cute. What happened? That's not throw it out? No. Okay. I have them. Oh, well. There was a guy named Tippedam. My mother took down every article, you know, from Bill Cosford, Breston Peace, and the Jicker and all these other other videos. I mean, hundreds and hundreds of articles. Wow, make a book. And Tom's Rick is written almost always great things. I mean, you know, we had a couple of disagreements in that fact. When I started with the show in Toronto, remember him writing, well, how are you going to keep in touch with the Pulse of Sanford? I got your Pulse over here, Tom. He's very stupid. And he's been very nice to me. So why should I be nice to you to Tom Jicker, right? Right. And as first of all, since we don't have any, we haven't even mastered there for a little while, then he'd be given a sports guy. That's what they're all always does, you know? One day, the sports guy, the next day, they're writing a religion column like Pat Curry. He died by the way. Didn't she? Yes, she did. Oh, oh, I guess who was died while I was, oh, I'll give you a little hint. Well, I was on vacation. Reggie light. Yeah, we talked about zoo. Did you post it in our report? What a racist Tomofoby was. I had a, and of course, all of these jokes, these idiotic jokes. Oh, my gosh, he was one of the finest human beings of all. Oh, yeah, right. He was a nutjob there toward the end. He was reading a Bible like 28 hours a day. Maybe he was trying to get a tone for his sins. It's been such a bigoted piece of turd andry. I think he died from too much Campbell's soup if he asked me. So who, who is it to Dalmit McNam is in his mom's and all those spots now with a Campbell's soup? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She's, she's the soup later now. I love when they pour the gatorade on her. I mean, come, give me a break. William plays, give me a break. There's, as much as I love football men or some things about professional sports. It just leave me to limp. Nobody comes to our house. Yeah, right. While the home team is getting beat like 56 to 3, nobody comes into our house and purchases it right well. Maybe once in a while. Wait a minute, that would be the New England Patriot, come on. Yeah, it would. I'm embarrassed for them for putting that on there. I mean, although they have one, they have it lost to home gaming two years, Josh. Congratulations, man. Well, well, what do you mean by that? They lost to the dog. So nobody comes in there out. They lost one, a home game? No. No. Just said, I don't give me started. Okay, Mr. Dolphin. Mr. Miami Dolphin. This great coach. And then this Rosenfield Burggstein, whatever his name is, too many Jewish quarterbacks by the way. Oh, it comes in, or yes, they throw it against Lucky throws a touchdown pass in the first play. But not the first pass in the first play. Yeah, I think so. I don't watch the beginning of the game. Me neither. And all of a sudden, he's the savior now. Oh, this could be it. And this could be it. Right. Forget about it, man. You guys, I have told you for years that since Danny Boy, they haven't even come close to find in a real quarterback. And when you don't have a running back, and we don't have an offensive line, and when your defense is on a field like 55 minutes again, you've got some real tourists there, baby. So the fact is they've booted up out of a new coach, Mr. Rao, Roses, who bought her cheerleading Norman Vates there, as a Kathy Bates toward the end of the year. Uh, what does that mean? Still foreign 12 is just pathetic. I mean, when if you think that people are going to come out to pay to see that crap, oh, you're dreaming. How long are you going to continue with that dog and pony show? Put some talent out there, baby. Put some talent. The three worst teams in the national football league beyond the shadow of a duck. The San Francisco 49ers, the Cleveland Browns and your Miami Dolphins, the three worst teams in the national football league. Is there any doubt about that to that? Leave anybody up? No? You know, don't tell the Arizona because they beat the dolphins. Last time I checked, maybe over time, but they did win the game. An embarrassment, he went, oh, and guess who's getting asked out there in a West Coast? Another hurricane coach, Dennis Erickson. Remember we're trying to remember where he was? San Francisco, man. He yesterday was his last game. Go have another one, Dennis. So have a few beers with a voice. And that's right on the heels of Bush Dima's, getting candid Cleveland, right? Which Dima's? Right. And of course there was Howard Smellie Burger who's now coaching that little girl school up there. It's, what is an FAU? Where is he? Pick FAU? FAU? There were the losers, make anything that begins in F and ends in you. You know what I'm saying? No, it's an FU. Spill it out. But he smokes a mean pipe or Howard Smellie Burger. And everybody on our station just loves Howard. Oh, he's just great. He was dynamite in Louisville. I saw like I'm rambling. Maybe I'm making up for a lost time here today. So I hope you have just not taken quite as many of those great calls I was taken in the first 40 minutes. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WDQM it's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgages. Everybody's main man Anthony Callando. Whether you're buying a new house or we find antsy looking to get cash out of just paying down your debt. Acceptance capital mortgages will show you the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes in any situation. They'll get it done when others can't. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. If you're not paying up for that, you're not paying up for that. Are they stand by for news? A 90-year-old man said to his doctor, I've never felt better. I have an 18-year-old bride who was pregnant with my child. What do you think about that? The doctor considered his question for a moment and then replied, I have an elderly friend who was a hunter and never misses a season. One day he was going out in a bit of a hurry and accidentally picked up his umbrella instead of his gun. When he got to the creek, he saw a rabbit sitting beside the stream. He raised his umbrella and went, bang, bang, and the rabbit fell dead. What do you think of that? Well, the 90-year-old man said, I would say someone else killed the rabbit and the doctor said, My point exactly, Paul Harvey, good day. 11-17 at 5-60, he had heard from Paul Harvey Jr. in a long time when your close personal friends speak in a great color from the past. Speaking of controversial colors from the past, Norma stopped asking me about your boyfriends and runaways and all that crap. Go do some work. I have no line. So your friend Tom Zicker writes, he's actually a very radical about you one time. No, it was one of those answers to a question that I forgot what it was. Then I followed stuff and my mother was about to go about you. And about how they were, oh, that's right. It was the first summer that I hit my summer schedule in Europe. Remember? And you originally were going to do three days a week and then they cut you down a two and they stuck one of those best of tapes on there until I was a week. We'll go about that. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. So there's an article. I don't know who that. I don't think Tom wrote that. Let's see. Oh, look at the Rocco fact says and says before we get to Tom Zicker. I got a whole pile of stuff here. So don't worry about these colors. We'll let him cool off for a while. Except for the one on one. QAM hello. Hello. W to QAM. W to QAM. Hello. I'm thinking I'm Jeff high. Yeah. Up here is man. But the two of you a low stuff picking on GFI. I want to turn burger. What a backstabber. What a funny piece of crap man. I can smell it all the way up here. You lying, devious, dangerous, candy bar stuff in piece of mong. Anyway, Rocco writes. I don't know if you got any time to read on your vacation. No, I did not read. Well, read the papers. I read the funny papers. But if you get a chance, take a peek at the godfather returns. It's a good read. I'm not going to read the godfather returns. Okay. I don't read fiction anymore. Even as much as I love the godfather. It expands on the original characters. Frato returns out his gay. Frato is not gay. Okay. T's he was banged. I'm going to wait for his. It's a little bit of time. The player couldn't get a pick of the tables. What the hell is this man talking about? You're gonna have to like a man. What the hell is this? This be trail Michael has military background. And the book of the news is a new dawn who goes on to replace Michael. It basically fills him while the new dawn of replace Michael was Tony. What's his name? Andy Garcia Vincent. It basically fills him what went on between godfather one and two. And what happened immediately after godfather two. Hint. Mike he makes a deal with the bootlegged father of a young charismatic politician who was on to become the president. Check it out if he can any free time. Well that couldn't be a candidate. It's just a coincidence. Wow. Congratulations on the big checks right. Yeah, there's got some big checks coming. No problem. It's really. I think he ran this boom and saw. From all I comedy with him young girls. Love a 19 in five, 16 WCQA in. So I didn't go back to Tom Jicker. See look at this. It's almost 1130 already. But you stopped messing around with our deal here at Norma now. Now that we got the deal finally assigned after all that grief and trauma. We're willing to start like 145 sounds good now right? Oh yeah. What do we care? First of all since George got that big signing bonus check. And Josh, Dr. Bizont TV now. Yeah. Oh five minute. This was on New Years Down Saturday, Tommy Jicker writes FCC waffle fried hand fish. It's just some rambling thoughts that Tommy's got. First of all, I don't want to read this thing about the FCC. CBS and or Fossil challenge. FCC and D.C. Fines and Quart and win. I'm grounds that the rules are too vague. From your pen to god's ears. You don't say Tom. No god. But in the middle of this column or toward the ass end. WMAM560 Tom says this is Tom Jick again saying. We'll look for ways out of its deal with Howard Stern. Well before the shock job jumps to satellite radio next January. WMAM needs to have a new sports oriented morning drive program in place before football season the fall. Prim time for sports talk. Lested if you have primary competitor Waxy, a M790. An opening to make further inroads. What's more? With the arrogors having re-up for what will be a total of four years. Now how come Tom knew about that? He's the only one in town that knew about it. Greg Reinsher didn't know about it. That might have been a good idea. I give that message to Greg and case anybody if he see ever returns. Tom says what's more with the arrogors having we up for what will be a total of four years. It makes no sense to continue to compromise the season's most valuable property would late starts because of overruns and a syndicated program on a Swialthador. Excellent observation Tom. He's like that little bald Tommy Jikki in it. Did I always say I love Tom Jikki? Every day almost. Every day we always in fact we pay homage to Tom to be given the show every single day here. I mean nobody's perfect. I mean Tom's problem is. But other than that we love him. Thanks Tommy. We see recognize the fact that he sure exists which like I started to say before Kevin Pastor became a sports guy now. And that they heard doesn't end in course very jackass. That's the only place I'll ever read about QAmen. I know that he's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. He's a sports guy. That was the inspiration for this pool. He's a little guy. He's a little guy. He's a little guy. He's a little guy. He said Neil Simon. Nobody's going to vote for that. You never know you will. John, you should have decided to put it on there. We need a whole bunch of people. I'll see. Person's things, businesses or places that are very popular, but you just can't understand it. I mean, McDonald's. I guess I can understand it because it's cheap and it's dependable. You know what it's going to be even though it's a month's system. It's, you know, matter where you go in the world, I've taught it this before and it's true. It's the same. It's exactly the same. There's no, except like an Italy. And to me, that's one of the greatest crimes in history. The fact that they're McDonald's in Rome, with all the great food they've got all the Tractorias, it's hard to find a bad meal. I have found one or two, but it's not easy to do in Rome. But I think that we're poisoning them with McDonald's with McDonald's, but they do have things you won't find in a menu in North America like they have special desserts and things. Because the Italians wouldn't put up with just the same pedestrian crap, the same garbage. Amsterdam, no. What you see is exactly what you get, including the pet rat that's running around there on the Demwreck. So let's get some names and things and places and stuff for the poll. Before we continue with this fantastic array of crap. How about you QAM? Hello. I was like stalking a new router show. Speaking, you're talking on a right now, sir. Okay. Well, first of all, I got two pieces of beef. The survey you're asking, how is reality keybie? Not one of the things that people do not understand the popularity of that debt. Right. To be in your survey. Absolutely. And second of all, I don't know how you have Arizona Cardinals, not the worst human NFL. It's always been a man. I mean, they beat the dolphins. They want the San Francisco twice. They're the same team. The only team they've only can anticipate the soccer be was Arizona and everything was the same team they had a thought. I think that says Arizona is the best. But they beat the dolphins. So that would make the dolphins the worst team in the NFL. They don't beat the dolphins. They don't beat the pet rat. They make the pet rat even worse. The dolphins don't think so. Yeah. Seems to me the pet rat is a 14 and two or three. Right. So how can I tell you Arizona is the worst team in the NFL? Okay. We believe you. Thanks, God. We talked to you with. I mean, any team that could give beaten by San Francisco twice, although San Francisco then there'd be the dolphins were like lungs and heads and all out of breath of when that game, if you recall. As with the Browns. The Browns game. I just don't know. That goes to show you how bored I must have been. The situate entire game. It's just waiting for something to happen. Like for it to finish. I was so glad when Olandamade finally kicked that field. We only got that thing over with. Get it over with already. Please. And there were people I don't want to like tick on my good friend Kim the helper from National Limit. I don't want to pick on cancases of great guy and pick me up at the airport. And now he didn't actually took whatever he did. Thanks good, Jeremy. But he, you see, you got a free ticket of the game. And I guess Ray Perry was very nice to him with the game and told him it is kids to come inside and get warm because they were freezing their ass off. But he actually enjoyed the game. So I think what Ken is trying to say, like so many others in South Florida. I have no line. Right. I understand Ken. But that was maybe the worst game I've seen in the years and years. And just, just, ponderous. Nothing happening. Just, just a display of an aptitude, the likes of which his Sullivan seemed. But the guy's right Arizona is pathetic. Why do we need the Arizona Cardinals, huh? Why do we need a team in Pahomix? But if you played any of these new bits by the way? Uh, I don't know what you're looking about the HONICs. No, they're not funny, but they kill some time. I played a lot of those. Yeah. Derek in for Lauderdale, not my friend Derek from the Race Track. I went to a Ferrari, a Ferrari, a Ferrari, a Ferrari, a Ferrari, a Ferrari. I didn't get to the track while I was there. My friend, the Dick, a fine bird and Steve Wolf, didn't get there. If you people would have been open on Christmas Eve and something or Christmas day. And like whatever, but you weren't. Brian Lane interviewed NBC Anchor. Brian Williams on C. Span D. December 26, 2004 included in one page from the interview in which William states, I think it is my duty to listen to Rush. He frequently calls his show. Both T. is in a very select group that Rush is allowed on. And feels limbo has yet to get the credit he's due for giving the Conservatives out there at home. How quaint what a piece of shrimp. And here's the transcript. This is Brian Williams. While I'm not going to be watching NBC News, I'm sticking with Danny Boy till I hang his ass up. And then when he put Katie Kork on there, then I'll just turn the TV off all of you. Can you believe they're seriously talking about that? Katie Kork, that bitch. Is she got any talent? No, she attracted it. Oh, she got a brain. Oh, this year, credible is a news person. Oh, but other than that, that will probably work out just as well as Kai Chink. Remember that? Yeah. 29 past 11 at 5, 60 W.M. Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling our friends at dialometrist Right now, 1-800 mattress. Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel every day. On your daily health, well, big and productivity than a good night's sleep. And you get one tonight. If you make the call right now at dialometrist, 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's getting saggy or lumpy. And if maybe you're like shoulder disorder, like I got to call before. And it's time for new mattress. So you can sleep like a baby every night. Here's some of the complete line of silly. Sure, does Simmons King Quill, 10-per-peat experience and foster you with dialometrist. Take same day orders all day long from candlestor from Palm Beach to Ford buyers. You still get to pick the day into our delivery window. You want your mattress delivered and guess what? They show up 99% of the time on time. And maybe like a couple minutes off here and there. But generally speaking, they're always there when they want them to be. Dialometrist, 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. Better business, Bureau of Local Torch Award for our Shlands. I'm a satisfied dialometrist customer for years now and I guarantee you will be too. So do the smart thing. Make that call 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. The easiest piece we shopping will ever do. A log under their website, mattress.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. You're a simple meal, Roger. 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. 1-566-T. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 2-3-A. 1-2-A. 1-2-A. 2-3-1-2-A. 8-2-3-2-4-A. 7-4-6-6-6-7-9-9-9-6-7-9, 724-7-7-absour. 9-7-6-6-8-9-9-9-9-9-9-7-6-7,gypt. Good morning. 17-4-9-9-9-9-9-7-6, 17-6. 17-6-9-9-9-8, 17-7-6-6, 17-6-9-9-9-9-6-6, nice, th and 9-9-7-6, cracker and there's no skill anymore. But anyway, we shouldn't be saying it because that's all we got in South Florida now Is the heat right? 185 hundred and a row some like that and a 2000 row 14 14 The row how about those heat? How do you like your heat now boys and girl? Who care less? What's your crack all I will say on HD man at NBA where you can't turn it off you gotta watch at least three four minutes because it's so breathtaking Then it says dogs clowns and grossly rewarded talent of avoidability Grocerly rewarded talent avoidability. Oh, what does that mean? That's an interesting here's the winner George W. Bush. Yeah, I got some more for the pull myself David Letterman Don't get it if he throws the pencil to the window one more time. That's it for me First of all, I don't stay up to that late or near let alone watch late night TV if there was something really good on him I might but it's there's nothing there Well time though. Once you see the stupid pet tricks and Paul Schafer's bald head and the pencil to the window That's about it and then when you see the promo as they put on and he says stuff that's not even amusing and he's there all yucca I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I knew it. J. Leno nothing but a big chin, you know and Of course, how could we leave off and she always does very well in these kinds of polls because I just don't get it Oprah Well, what is it? If the past up backgrounds that measured mesmerizes millions of women across America is it because women are lifeless and just want to be laid down to garden path by some A bitch has got a billion dollars. Is that what it is? Yeah. Oh, you go read this you go read that you go girl all the other Craft man. She has there's not an ounce of talent and that's disgusting accordion style body of hers One day it's fat the next day it's thin the next day It's you she'd look for human accordion Oprah So what do we got so far? I'm pleased to see that a lot of people out there greeted him about Dave Barry God is he a twerp but the God are called in about reality TV and the years are the Cardinals good job, paly reality TV 21 which of course is only in theory because there's nothing real about any of it I think it's even turning me against Nick Lillashay and on that Nick and Jessica think get it off already I covered the house about two minutes of her last night and she was spilling crap on a floor and talking about how it smelled so bad Mill dude and he was given her about you clean it up, okay? Just like what's his name in God? Oh, I'm cleaning it up. You kidding me. Whatever. Let me call her. I think we'll get you a brand That's yeah, see what a man. We got man reality TV 24 what person thing business or place? Can you least understand the popularity of reality TV 24 day very 15 McDonald's eight George's W Bush just went on around a moment ago for you watching the zoom to the top Well, see I understand cuz there's a lot of stupid people out there the people with IQ larger than their Puppek they voted for Kerry some of them held their nose and vote of a nevertheless and the kids are dumb people voted for Bush They can relate to a man they like somebody who say a bobbukar They like that. They're threatened by anybody who's got an IQ larger than their pinky Neil Simon's tree Dr. Phil one which I don't even remember mentioning him, but he'll get a lot of votes Letterman one NBA one Oprah and Jay Lenovo have any of the first or three seven votes Let's get these votes in here on a poll, okay Let's try to make it appear then on the first day of the first show of the new year where we need kicking some serious ass Right, don't huh. Let's make it look like that. Let me take a walk from to get back to get their lives on scramble Cuz you know the history of Monday is usually pretty grim anyway after a weekend and after all these holidays finally I am mean finally getting over and a worst part of the delism Canada today is still a holiday because Saturday New year came on a Saturday so the losses that people have to get Monday off Of course they work in a great series everybody's having a big show and they're making what that's what a great scale Yeah, it is a big scam Pot, now this this is one of these things that really gets to me. I've talked about it a million times till I'm blue in the face Maybe not a million, but leave All these silly ass Bob Gilbaw stuff top stars unite for quick victims the singers include surcliff Richard. Now why it? Why was he knighted? Huh? I don't know the same and I mean Elton John I can understand his old 80 billion records worldwide He's a king queen whatever, but what is Cliff Richard of the in England is he big anywhere else than I know all that Thanks so no singers including sir Cliff Richard and boy George Wow Are we according a charity single to help raise funds victims of the Asian tsunami? They hope to celebrate more than two million for the relief fund Of course we sure hope that we please go on by that record fast, okay? So we can produce all of the profits and we can like it over there just in time What a crocker we are the world all this silly stuff man. That's the human race going back to your full question on Friday Yeah, let's let's record a song and then Well, you know we'll hold and put the sea will stamp out the CDs I will distribute to all the record stores and then everybody will come and do to flee and buy it And it will like scam off the a profits from whatever we got and then maybe in a month or two Some of the money will get over there. Maybe if they're lucky but probably not You see it's just embarrassing all of these people like boy George and Sir Cliff Richard are all multi millionaires Send them a million bucks, okay, and quote with the dog and pony show the song titled grief never grows old Well, that must be the QM team song that must be many bells team song grief never grows old and Describe as a melancholy ball that was written by radio DJ Mike Reed R. E. AD one of these kind of Greg read Only the sponns have been changed to protect the Prevericator for more boys on singer Ron and Keen may also take part of a studio It could be found close to our holidaying and switch over And in other words, he's so committed to helping out this cause that they can find a studio In other words, he's not gonna take off from vacation Right, just like Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin who's a real zero by the way. He was vacationing in Morocco But he know he had his office. He had the phones. He was working the phones and he was you know So he comes back yesterday and puts out a big dog of pony show Well, I was in touch with all the world leaders and we're raising him from 40 to 80 million now and that we don't want to be too embarrassed loser Other music stars being approached include Robin and Barry give up the BGs Oh, I was sure I'll deploy that Touch her yet can we? Huh, I don't know what kind of sound effects are there Play it until we play I'm a people who catches my song I was standing there with them Not thinking I would die Oh, my hands I'm not feeling able to make you the devil I should ever keep me down I'll pick back what we just did right My power I don't know how to laugh How can you say from a fact of thought Yeah, learn at least what your doctor's in Now my hot stuff You should sit tight So am I interested I Guess I should have no one to expect Because I'm in my amin Which is I know seven you can in this town I would act to be too far Roll Here's my dignity That's my shadow Why can't you let me Because I Why can't you do this get it right my The block My mind Let's go It's the It's the How do you like that that was a setting on I like the whole thing even Joyce would have proved I think I don't I'm teaching To our voices Hey Joyce you turned yeah, you might not like that and we'll get back to that some of the other great names in here There'll be courting a CD you better go out and buy it because then we can help some people in a few months Anybody have a heart or a liver? No Good bye Furnit Eric I'm in a desert We hardly got you know you and if you ask me that's why you don't pay because you're fat in a green and thin Stay Get that no problem getting laid We'll sure those how to take a you were banging June is frigging in a brawl brawl Edward And then you made her sleep Don't deserve it and thank you for this song. I will sing and that's awfully big To many rounds with the forever You're brought in the brawl It's that I I'm sure the next one day I got side track ready at the beginning there are 10 18 when I started to play the Lord made them all because I wanted to talk about the where was God Remember after 9 11 people saying well, where was God the stuff is how could he allow this to happen? Where was God when this all went on? Me tsunami now you got on a one hand you got the the Christians the good board again for an Xusay Well, I'll teach those infidels not to accept Christ and Yadiati and believe our brand of a crap and then on the other hand It's this is probably the best lesson for the God squad, but they won't he did because back in biblical days when they knew nothing about science nothing they wouldn't know tsunami from Nami from the amazeers restaurant from your mommy, but back in those days it would be an active God and God's ran was waxing a hot and God was punishing and of course Stop and think about this here's 140 maybe 200,000 people died most of them children by the way and the tourists we just had trying to have a good time Right and God was pissed off This is the perfect God that they wrote about a mealtestiment God was perfect. He was I'm nippin. I'm missiony new everything But every now and then he got pissed off, you know In fact my favorite line the God spoke in Genesis was He gets pissed off even though he's perfect So you better be where the wrath of God because what happens when he gets pee oh, and of course He's got like I've told you for years bad aim So a lot of times if he's pissed off at like a group of people or maybe even just one person and if you have to be like in the hood man You got real source man. You got real problems Where was God when 150,000 innocent people got swept away by the tsunami mommy? This fact from JW can I yeah thanks for any congratulations on my new vet And now I don't have to impress any punks in our Mustangs. I have to worry about that Although it would be nice to go get a new Mustang from arms going for it. I'm saying wouldn't Yeah, well well, so there you go There's a little extra plug for my friend. Oh, I'm always picking on people a drive mustangs, but it's a fine item of the ill if you're under the ages 25 If you're like over I would say Not be driving a Mustang anyways, is what's up with that junior sales thought about how cool it is to be Haralis could you play the bits smooth after the spot next time? I don't even know if we can still play that That sounds a little recent me don't think it has any of the words in it. No Are you sure well we better we better run it by Joyce first? No, don't and by the way happy new year to Joyce and Carol and Vizally and all the people are corporate enables Thanks so very much for a pleasant negotiation and making my life almost worth living, okay? But most especially thanks for the new year to my close personal friend Greg For an embarrassment and humorally. I'm gonna maybe I'll have an interview with Tom Zicker one of these days soon, you know Did the audience wouldn't be the can you believe that story that I told you George knows it Yeah, I want to know what is huh. Yeah, I can I mean I in the history of my life I just couldn't even believe it even coming from him The master pervericated that he is I guess maybe he's just an oversight His part you know I'm sure Fact is just keep on coming what is this holy cow Mark says suggestion for today's full quentin Tarantino. Yeah It says you know they put mayonnaise on french fries later because of my first system It says he's the worst he should only drop dead. All right I like your sentiment mark he's starting off the new year in other words. I don't like people that waffle around I like people that are strong you know I'm saying I don't like waffles Can't handle it. I like people to come right out until the like it is It says so I see where Nick Sabin the new saber for the dolphins totally tanked his last game in LSU 47 yards rushing to complete defensive breakdown on last play the snacks defeat from the jaws of certain victory He'll certainly fit in with the dolphin organization like disorganization like your glove Way to go Wayne you sure can pick him next year will make this season's four and twelve Looks like it'd be on the feeded season quick spy report. Oh no This is the worst thing ever rid my life did you read this? I I can't believe it haven't shocked Paul Harvey Jr. called the least or the beast two Thursdays ago and Sufis asked ripping George without mercy These claim not to know who it was he was talking to but we the Lord audience knew take your pasty face and drop dead fill A lot of people gonna have to drop dead to make mark happy apart from Gilbert You are the most cancerous polyp on the aimest of humanity to ever quality a Roger show Which leads to a pull question in the audience might like to sink their teeth and do since we thrive on negativity You certainly do what I'd down or you know I still think the one word besides negative for South Florida It's sterile yeah every time I come back for a few days and believe you me I left three days early couldn't take another minute of it a week was like a year Skirrel there's nothing there but a bunch of bedroom towns nothing There's just a vacuum Anyway it says a par from Gilbert who's the most annoying ponderous chronic slash crank color or Factor and instantly the Roger show it's got a long list It says Speaking of negativity Marx says this year already sucks having great day That's the South Florida effort way baby right there great this year already sucks And then also this is JW says how about some for rail drops in a website why do we want to do that for really For rail drops I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his do pay I'll take your children Salam Haitian There you go there's your for rail drops data and have a nice year This is pretty good all why do have I already told you I don't want to tell the audience and they'll start calling him I got tomorrow and Wednesdays pull in fact now I think I'll divide it up it's too much. Okay. I got it already Anyway, get back to the pop stars who are singing a song and try to raise money for those of poor people It says the other people are Robin and Barry give it to the B. Jesus sensation Jamie Colum I have no idea who that is Chris Ray who's Chris Ray I don't know I'm sorry We know who that is and Olivia Newton John that famous doc she was married to Matt LaPanzi by the way once upon a time And I'm ahead is baby well, I wonder how they did that that the traditional way I'm sure maybe they test tube Sir professor's recording is vocal part and Barbados while boy George has recorded his in New York Read wrote a song before the boxing day tragedy, but thought it was too gloomy to release now He tends to have a record of our collection of pop stars under the name of one world project is in that great We are the world you're all dying Yeah, gloomy I think Mark had a good point. It's already depressing and so in the first the money of the new year It's a natural home for it because people keep saying to me it's such a good song But such a sad song read said maybe on junkie we really sad songs That's not bad. I like sad songs to get so I like I'm still standing motor though I love that I'm still standing everything I'll tell it off your freedom best though. Yeah, like it He said the song was a slow-balland would work with around 10 singers rather than a single-long like the band A 20-single raising money for famine relief in Africa The backing track has already been recorded and organized this hope it can be finished within the next week It'd to record shops as soon as possible when it'd dump that baby out man get in those record stores In fact, I would line up right now I do you know about record store and wait for those to come in so you can whip out some cash and help all those poor desperate people Read like to be disastrous emergency committee Which is coordinating to British relief effort with the idea that after boxing day Because since I'd be pleased in terms of what I meant for sales that I went to number one here Oh of course it'll go to number one just like they always do we are the world Number micro Jackson was doing we are the world You know the little boys all over the world stuff like that smokey Robinson was on there who else was on that God geez, I don't know but to come on everybody famous was on here on we are I'm the USA for Africa, right? Right, well they got it in school now 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a Verizon singular wireless lines. We got the mad dog at two today I'm sure we've slept a great length on the dolphin's fabulous. See 412 W2A and hello I am the idea that I'm on the second delay now, you know say hello W2A and hello I've been here and happy new year news here. Hey, you got a hand to the save down dolphins Neil Yeah, like and it's over Oh, you know body wash man Same vibes apricot body wash back into the plan. I was like don't we do an ad now? Yeah, but for the poll me only their country music or Nascar Let's get a both on here. I like him both. Thanks a lot, Palin have a great new year See yeah, what do you think good choices those are very good? Of course you see a lot of relations are there between the you who read Neki red state Crowd with that Nascar round and round it goes and I have no idea why anybody with an IQ larger than their little Antonio would be interested in watching that crap and then of course country music and so we tardo thing It's kind of like the bush factor again. I've had some bushes on top. He's moving He's got a ways to go reality TV those got a lead just like alivars got a lead in the middle of the stretch Remember that chick Anderson remember him dead that is the drill He's with Danny shaving one day for the marini croaked. He died two canterson Great race car back in the day before Dave Johnson, I believe Won't be long man. I'll be Kentucky Derby time it will be May Dave Johnson will be calling and it'll be like the Treatness the freakness in a bell-mont will have another one of those phony Super champions that the third birds are famous for that turns out to be a dud like smarty as Jones Third bird racing's really uh, it was kind of saddeny what said last call in fact I should have taped it tonight because we have how many racing fans in this audience I would have played it on the airfield because you were a great guy and a good friend but It would blow the whole audience away. Here's the last call from Phil Saltsman at Colver You know after 20 glorious years actually when Phil first started he was like a little rough around the You're just like anybody else like George. I would say that George is the Phil Saltsman at talk radio Start out pretty pretty green you know I mean yeah, well you put it out to zone thing is time went along and Also probably didn't get the credit he deserved and You know when he replaced the late my good friend Bob Savage Remember he died a couple years ago Things right with a man. He's a good little guy about two feet tall married this very tall beautiful woman From Chicago who's named the millionaire that she destroyed his life to must have because all of a sudden In the middle of all those riches and we're tearing everything else he up and die Sofe made from jewels and listening to the mirror okay, I'm gonna eat the hour You can't Help Help People That is why I'm married to the memory Yes, it's great to play to comfort and hate With this song that's really bad Laying it on my shoulders You're the one who saw you in the night The only chance you'll win one life Was my song that I knew you said, yeah Before you judge me And call me free Let me find a girl What the hell? I believe in it all My child I'm not a girl I'm not a girl I'm a human being I'm a human being I'm a human being I'm a human being I'm a human being I'm a human being I'm a human beingographed My child My child My child My daughter She got very bad Everybody has a 720 much compared to where I feel smokey you know I listen I make a good play okay we see you on a sideline for a couple of seconds great I want to see the game I don't know if you get if you read the way I do I don't want to see a close-up so I can see every zip on some guys face on a sideline I want to see the game okay I want to miss the play I want to see where the ball is I want to see what I was going on how many are the and another thing that box did drop the paper exam for Cisco game is you know how I'm top they've got all the info about the score and the time to clock and they also get like second and six or third and five whatever they should have the down in the yardage they insisted not doing that I don't know why the hell they did that I guess just to piss me off okay we'll put Murdoch you grave robber you but Phil Sims he is the most detestable the yard line the sideline side with that phony affected drawles and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah we don't care what you think don't you understand Phil shut up they shut up you jackass a guy let's take Phil Sims all day over Chris Collins or no I hate Chris Collins worth but I love him compared to Phil Sim because first of all Chris Collins were generally is none more of the games that I'm watching thank goodness it's you know for whatever reason Phil Sims is one of them many of the Patriots games has seen and then of course the Colt Bronco game had significance is they and I'm gonna tell you something again I don't want to get football oriented but the most overrated team at league is Denver man that's Jake the snake Jake Palmer to me every now you know what's in a while how make the way to play but he is such a bozo he is so bad so bad and I'm gonna tell you the biggest choke artist in the history of the NFL that is I'll give you a clue I'll tell you the team he plays for the number he wears number eleven for the Buffalo bills through Blitz he is the big did you see any of that I did they're playing they got that game they got a shot man is Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot when the when the going gets tough that's when Drew Blitz so puts it on the ground baby every game I've ever seen when he's playing a big game no wonder bubble check out with his ass okay it made way for the beautiful Tom Brady but there was a third string that's what makes it worse is they were playing like the second and third string oh my god yeah and and their eighth string quarterback there the kid those ten years old steelers trying to hand him a game everybody had home field advantage wrapped up for the plus and here's Buffalo desperate they got to get this game to get in and Drew Blitz so they're in a most clutch play the game he coughs it up then how you like that little shovel pass when it's you it away yeah that was good about a nine year loss I'm third and one we are pathetic Drew you are a choke artist you can hear those gagging clock whatever they are journaling sounds like that guy the girl in color you know those sounds right through the TV anyway like a little too with stuff about that crap George is in a coma he'll care about football you don't want to watch other guys that would type pants play a silly gas games say I thought it was should move to the top of the night yes you did but if I put the Phil Sims on it right vote for him first I just buy him I just he just makes every bone in my body ache pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop even worse than the knees top man what person thing business or place can you least understand the popularity of George W. Bush 49 see now I wouldn't vote for that because I do understand why he's popular because there's a lot of morons out there that can relate to him right that's not tough to understand right I mean if America were a country of educated worldly people have understood where to how all these other countries are on the map most Americans if you if you put a gun to their head said okay here's a map of the world show me where Sri Lanko is you how many of you think could tell tell you where it is but right right it would know Sri Lanko from Pau Ika Bush 49 we are the TV 47 they're very 24 oh go away Dave you're not funny okay you're funny look at what you're not funny Dr. Phil 23 Oprah 13 isn't amazing how he's passed a virus he was standing still in the hip and the hip rock campaign McDonald's 11 NASCAR 9 the N.B.A. 7 Neil Simon 4 Michael's action to come to music's got a pair got to put your nose deep inside your nostril when you listen I go to old country music man got to put on that kiss kiss kiss it like bubble used to say kiss it J. Leno to David Letterman to and Quentin 13 don't have any is but a march a very valid attack on him well ask us these people like Paul fiction or suits and then most of these people have been answered and so they don't know that they really do put mayonnaise on their fries and nobody cares not a big deal actually they also got like some of the someplace they put like this brown sauce okay to think what that I think what that might be you know yeah the brown sauce they put on fries either the brown sauce or the mayo ooh five six seven oh five sixty I'm sure there's a lot more of people places and things that need to be on there like places we don't have to make places on there like what's a place that people love that you can't understand it like Rascal house well that's a business Rascal house needs to be on there oh place like like a city in area like a city like a country that people love to go to that you for the life of me I just don't understand why how about Paris although I I mean the people are obnoxious and the weather's pretty crappy but there are a lot of beautiful things to see there we at least there's art and perversion and things like that so I can understand gay parie although the food sucks gay for people are supposed to be such great gourmet cooks and also make us as great toiletries and cosmetics and perfume number one they stink in number two they the food is crap what's out I guess they export all of good stuff well the people think you got to invent something to cover it up yeah it's a good point not to a good job of it by the way come up with something because I can still smell the stronger man especially for some of those people out because you know whoo man you think can carry well there's something about your diet when you eat the certain things it makes your the pigment of your skin a certain way like you you smell like you've been bathing in it like that curie thing for hours and hours although not that's not a good time to be picking on Indians it's bad WQAM hello hey you yes sir happy new year San Diego the other chili grid on there was George Michael's on the sea of African album oh god yeah I don't have a nice day WQAM hello I mean I'm a car and I like you sure why god came here if I may you what you're watching away George is good WQAM hello yes hey welcome back thank you I don't understand wrestling you're professional wrestling I love it hey guys people know it's fake one more thing you're talking about football I found my history that managed in the Moam series that I radio doing a play by play you for serious is got all the intelligence now yeah I'm sorry I'm on there like it's a hell of a year I can't remember well I wanted do you well what why would you want to hear it though if I like to have the well that's a good reason I think you want to listen to the offensive because of me I think you'll speak speaking of uh... mo it's too bad well we could start because I don't want to make the city in order raise money for abandoned per rescue this year or the city but we now I'm not going to get involved in it is enough other how much are we gonna raise it we're gonna make even like a dent in that like a tickle the ocean no so if that's not the you know I don't like grandstanding okay I like doing things that we can make a difference like the abandoned per rescue thing come in the sauce made a difference do the center one we made a difference abandoned per rescue makes a difference when you raise you know tens of thousands for organization like that I was thinking the Mo how we're giving it to you head TMO yeah now these now these finally flipped is looking at where those nasty musk rats at awful smelly uh... those windows awful pieces used to where that I embarrassed him out of now how much of mo chia head he and the yeah the the the just water in and it's proud so whatever it is yeah just like that you can see the one there yeah or you just mirror a man is on it too like the like the Dutch proven as past noon at five sixty w q m audio horse racing and poker a player fans pop up are racing and car room is kicking off the new year tonight something really special i want you to tell all your friends and neighbors all the degenerate sat there tonight is gonna be the world famous free spaghetti dinner and a competent part tonight just by a monday pop up are program get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner on the four four players room you don't have to like tons your gut set you need to have to make a bet just by the program and you get a coupon for the free spaghetti dinner tonight the pop up are pop up features free admission for general parking everyday live harness racing and a poker room action every monday Wednesday like tonight Friday and Saturday poker starts a new live racing gets underway nightly at 725 a p.m. every Wednesday it's a track enjoy one dollar graph years so does hot dogs and lots more top of park is open every day featuring the best sign-up testing from all across north america harness racing through a bread even high-eye as well free to watch and plunge your guts on top of the park just a black side of the line of four of our on power line road for new racing schedule check out top of the park dot com online or make that call nine five four nine seven two two thousand and they'll tell you where to go and when to go there nine five four nine seven two two thousand top of our course power even plunger guts on over get post time tonight 725 a p.m. and the free spaghetti dinner pop up tonight two or six and we'll rush down on your hands and he's a lick my boots towards for synths our Christ, and I jump into it this that Superman of life was only in the highest. This is the most difficult day of the life of the five. This is the most difficult day of the five. This is the most difficult day of the five. This is the most difficult day of the five. This is the most difficult day of the five. I'm dying out of the hand. 12 17 at 5. 60 WKAM. Happy New Year from all your good friends, even those who lie a lot of KUAM. Here's a facts from bottom plantation says my submission for your pool. Sports Talk Radio. That's an excellent one. Yeah. I'm going to hear what you're saying. I said how they go. If I want to hear overrated trolls talk to a high pitch, the anonymous voice about Johnson tight ends. I'll prove the restrooms of Plato's retreat. And is there anything more boring than watching a Marlins game? Yes, listening to it on the radio. It's very, very windy when they've been boring. You're doing a play by play. I don't want to interfere in their organization because they're very uptight and sensitive. But if you're going to try to get, you know, keep it on to the ballpark. Even when you're not having a winning streak, you know, when things are going a little bit tough. Probably the best idea is have somebody to make the game exciting on here. Like the booster does that. We like Boogalot. But Dave Ann Voreng puts them into a terminal coma. I guess that's just my own personal suggestion. But I think he's probably coming back. Isn't he Josh? Josh Ketsor. He's out of the room for some reason. I'll be there. You probably will have to see if Dave Ann Voreng's coming back. Or maybe like when he heard Dave's naming, like all of a sudden got an intestinal problems. He heard irritable bowel, go grab a towel. John in South Carolina says, South Carolina. In other words, nothing to reply to. They get out of South Carolina. I sure agree with that. I've driven through there real fast many years ago. I ain't going back. I don't cotton to go back there. I mean, whatever you want, they're probably some decent places in North Carolina. Not in South Carolina. You got to go deep into the woods to find them. Yeah, not like her entry. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that crowd in entry probably swept down stream from South Carolina. Hey. So there's South Carolina's put them. I'll have to put them on the list when Josh isn't there. I'll jot them down and we'll catch them. Oh, well, where is he? You know, last night. It was in D-Day about the revertancy. What's it really? The last time it happened. Well, what do you eat guys eaten in there? I don't know what they say. Bad bowl of grits gives you the, you know, I think he did have a bacon egg sandwich. Ah, breakfast. Bacon egg sandwich. It'll do it every time. Not a good combination. Very bad. So now he's going to have to cross the globe experts warn. You ready for that? In fact, yes, I'd like to say I'm thinking it might be a perfect spot. Not bad enough. I thought it has to put up with all the hurricanes all the time. And occasional tornadoes as well. The death toll in Southeast Asia may reinforce the widespread but dead wrong belief that tsunamis have an only when earthquake strike in far away seas. Sudden devastating waves can happen around the globe even where the risk of a major earthquake is smaller experts warn including the US densely populated at land. It coasts at long Texas coast on the Gulf of Mexico. Neither coasts has got a tsunami warning system and Texas State emergency plans Don't even mention tsunami risks because the chances of one occurring seem small. People in the most earthquake earthquake prone states are last year. They have a lot of earthquakes there by the way. You know that? Yes. Part of that risk. West coasting Hawaii, Washington, Oregon and California. And that's that left coast in. God has pissed off at all in liberals. No from our experience how to structure the twin threats of quakes in tsunamis. Can be but the tsunamis that might threaten the Atlantic or Gulf coast might not come from earthquakes. Wow. And the Atlantic, a grave threat in addition to this near quakes is the collapse of a volcano across the ocean. Huh. Makes you kind of think of that parallel. I'm always trying to draw between mankind and ants. You know, like on an annual. That's pretty much what we are. We're like the ants crawled around on this globe. We just have it a bigger and more dangerous. Volcano and do tsunamis which occur when huge amounts of heaped up volcanic meteorosply into the sea have occurred in numerous. Volcanoes with local effects. But one will happen with catastrophic impact. Scientists believe during a future eruption of a big volcano. Such as conveying via high in the Canary Islands off northwestern Africa. What we don't want to happen in Comber via. These tsunami from the predicted collapse of Comber via. Half landing out across the Atlantic at about 500 miles an hour like a jet aircraft. Would draw. Oh, God. Would drown floor within nine hours. Was waves of from 33 to 82 feet according to a 2001 estimate by scientists. At the University of California and London's University College. Would drown floor within nine hours. That's enough to put nearly all of Florida underwater and dams the whole country's Atlantic coastline. In the Gulf of Mexico, the risk isn't from Earthquakes or volcanoes. But from another little known source underwater landslides that generate huge waves. It's not a theoretical threat to the Texas coast. It's already happened. And under sea landslides technically a slump. About 90 miles off Galveston once since some drug-refourteen cubic miles of Earth sliding down. The slump at the Gulf's East Greats formation through its tsunami estimated 25 feet high out of the Texas shoreline. According to researchers who studied its geological aftermath on the Gulf floor. That was about 5 to 10,000 years ago. Many lifetimes from humans. But a blank in geological time. Peter Trebot Marine has its consultant, Houston, instead the landslides said, There's no reason to believe that it won't happen again. Come on. Just like most said, it's coming. If it happened again, it would rush all over the Berrier Islands, including Galveston Island, all the coastal cities. Port Arthur, Galveston. I bet you they'd probably released that song, my Glenn Campbell. Remember Galveston? I'd probably released it. Galveston. Oh, yeah. I'm looking. Preport, Carpenter's Christy Terran said there's certainly a possibility this could happen at any time. Okay. We don't want to get you nervous or anything like that. Especially you people live in Florida and Texas like the whole audience. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Yeah. Still the likelihood that it'll happen anytime soon. Seems so small that Texas has done nothing to plan for it. Is it what he do to? Texas official emergency plans which deal in detail with hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, and host about their natural or human-induced catastrophes don't even mention tsunamis that would embarrass folks from the State Division emergency management. If they tsunami threat the Texas coast air, set officials would use the warning and evacuation plans are ready. Maybe that's where Joshua, when we got an evacuation warning. Is he back yet? I mean, well what happened there? Like you said, I got a little evacuation. Vacanage, sandwich, man. Don't be doing that again. Don't do it. You're regret it. You'll get that irritable bowel on even a gigantic towel won't help cover up that. I don't want anything to think about it. Haven't even had my lunch yet. There's a problem it says here emergency planners contract or hurricane for days. Even an earthquake or volcano in the tsunami can allow for hours to get people away from the most dangerous areas. But a landslide induced tsunami might offer no warning at all. Just kind of like there it is. Earthquake monitor resistance wouldn't pick it up. Experts say for the first time the public knows about tsunami might be when it signs out of the shore when it's too late. You can't detect and sit here. He would work. They meet you. I was just with the National Weather Service. You don't have much time to react when God gets pissed off. So be nice. So okay, stop getting God pissed off. All of them. And you won't keep it. Clicking all these horrible disasters on us. The plague of the locus, all of these things. The great flood. Sure, made those dinosaur. Barb, barric, idiotic, idiotic. Ignoring people. Well, the good book says it was written. It was written. Just like they had another piece. I think was on a date line last night about that thick toilet bowl. The crypt from Jesus and Jacob. Yeah. Jesus is another Israeli a shicter. How unusual and Israeli shicter. Let's see. Here's the thing is from we are the world. Thank you very much. From Jiren. But he displays heaven and earth from Jiren a while. Have a way. Nope. Nice hearing from you, Jiren. Glad to see you're still alive. So he's hoping you and George had a happy, happy, happy, happy, happy holiday season. Dealer with us. A great and joyson, Carolyn Beesley. All I was, it was time to rejoice. And one of the say we joyson holiday time. Is that when you get a new one? Yeah. I re-uped and rejoiced. Uh, it says here's the list of performers on the we are the world track. I don't know if anyone called it in. This is a USA for Africa. Algebrao. Bedmiddler. Billy Joel. And don't you remember the way they had the headsets on. They were, they were rocked back and forth. We're singing now. As fast as we can. And hope for more people star before we get to money dream. Billy Joel Bob Dylan Bob Gelbach who of course was the brains behind this old cocky Rye. Bruce. You got these two confused I think. Oh, who is the other one? Bob Gelbach did. Bandin. Bandin. You're European. Yeah. And they was involved in this. Did they know it's Christmas? Was he? Bruce is name is on there. Bruce brings Dean Cindy Laufer. Dan Acroyd. Diana Ross. John Warwick. Paul and Oats. Flote. Perry Bellafani. Hughie Lewis and the Luz. Jesse Jackie Jackie Jackson. James Ingram. And he's good. James Ingram. Jeffrey Osborne. Katie Loggins. Kenny Rogers. Kim Carrons. How far all these people have been out there. I'm going to have to get the video much again. Latoya. Lindsey Buckingham. Lionel Richie. I don't like Lionel Richie. You like Lionel Richie. No. No way. Go away Lionel. I like your daughter but not you. Marlon Jackson. Michael Jackson. Paul Simon. John. I love the way he was doing like the thing with a handset. He's conducting like like a very in it. Like puppets on a string. You know Quincy is silly person. Randy Jackson. Ray Charles. Rest in peace. Sheila E. Smokey Robinson. Steve Perry. Stevie Wonder. Peter Cister. Tina Turner. Maybe the poltercister could point Stevie in a right direction. Tina Turner. Tito Jackson. I don't that whole Jackson family. And they leave me limp. Ooh. Almost like a silly sin. It's not quite. Well, and Jennings and really nothing. All we're like in we are the world. That's right. Some money. Yeah. People are starving to their dime like flies and he's a clowns are like singing a song. Marketing it and then hoping that by the time months later all the money comes in and it gets some food to those starving people. Or at least they can pay for the tombstone. Some like that. That pathetic or why? What tragic? So it's very exciting to see that we're doing a similar crap all over. Instead of these very wealthy recording artists. Each writing a check for like 200 grand 500 or maybe a million bucks to multimillion or ones. Oh no. And then really glad to see that what's his name there. Ronan Keating. Might as be able to be can find a studio while he's on vacation here. Might pitch in a little bit. If not for you. You know. That's a rise very by the way, Joyce. It's our first fruit of the new year. I'm still waiting for my first fruit of the new year. 27 past noon at five sixty. W. 2 a.m. it's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everybody's main Anthony Kelliendo. I would say that next to Tom Brady he might be my main main. Whether you're buying a new house or we financing, looking to get cash out and just paying down your debt, acceptance capital mortgage will surely the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes in any situation they'll get it done while there's can't. 100% financing, option arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial properties. Check out assistance capital stress free mortgage payment program. Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month with a ticket paid program. No income verification is necessary. And your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people. They want to working for this company for example. In most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts and still pay less to your mortgage payment every month. Call Anthony Kelliendo would acceptance capital today and find out why he's just about everybody's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage is a toll free call. 1, 8, 8, 8, 4, 8, 3 loan. That's 1, AAA, 4, 8, 3 loan, L-O-A-N column today. 1, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8 1, 2, 8, 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 10, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, under the trees, 0 and down the trees, we're going to do a row and corner If we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could get our car turned on, we could be Johnning can get it. I want to walk in my pocket I want to be far away from my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I want to walk in my pocket I'm dying on the hand 26 to 1, Mad Dog and 2, the Humperidge 4 From now on, what is that OBE headquarters Is that like the ME Orange Bowl? Is there like a room that says this is your Orange Bowl headquarters? Probably be out of gate G, like all the other brokers No, no, no That's Orange Bowl headquarters? Well, the Orange Bowl is played a pro-play That's right, Dave, I forgot I'm a touch like Tom Jika would say I'm a touch, I forgot they moved the Orange Bowl From that crappy old falling apart facility What was horrible toilets? To the PP Park, that's why they call it PP Park Because it's a good place to take a PP But if I was your guy who liked Josh, just did Even more serious, I assume I don't want to know Well, I don't have any other gate G At the Orange Bowl headquarters 47 to 7 to 7, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, countyhd said, no, no, no, no, no, first, no, no, no, no way, great, well,, be able to do just enough, go ahead, if you did, I, will do, I will have to throw it all, you're recording, I will. So Josh certainly will not be invited to my house. Also, it says, how many freaking times do we have to hear Junior say? I'll talk about shaving his nuts for speed, other gay stuff. We've heard him promo 7 times before lunch already. So what if NFL players shaved their body parts? Who spot is that? I don't know, is it a commercial spot? We don't want to knock it to the commercial. It's a fine sponsor. Oh, it's one of our fine sponsors. So PR Ralph, we usually used to like you, but in this particular case, you screwed up bad PR Ralph. Not bad enough to scroll Gus smashed down, but you're like stepping on our toes, you're what our sponsors are. Okay, we love them and Junior say, I don't even know he and plan these days, but nevertheless, in fact, neither was anybody else on that team these days. No more. Right? Not till my season. So who's it off and quarterback going to be in a season Josh? You know, take your pick. The probably rolled the dice. What does that mean? Now that was you're going to go with one of these two young kids, or four young kids. I forgot who's the other kid that played the little bit behind Rosenberg's scene? Oh, I don't know. What? I have no idea. I can't believe this is happening to me. Anyway, it certainly ain't going to be Jay, Jay Fiddler, in the roof. He's history. He's got a pinched neck and he still does the pinched it. And then of course you got definitely no chance for AJ Touchy, feeling no way. Man, that kid is so he is so bizarre, lost. Post-hunter a little bit, Sifin's tired of seeing him like winceing in the morning, writing in pain. At least once again, it's obligatory with him. Every game. With the limp. Yeah, he's the limp. The limp. And the surge of Rosenstein, Bergfeld, more than one Jew quarterback on the team is not a good sign. I don't think. If you want a good luck thing, just hang them as those are on the locker room door. And just get a real quarterback. That's my suggestion to the organization. To my good friend Wayne. Now, I guess I better take through calls. Okay? Because now I'm getting to this beginning of the year. It's not a good idea, right? Right. Just take it really. Although I do have this evangelical leader, Schrinstew's political muscle against some Democrats. James Dawson, whom I despise, almost as much as Phil Simms. Does anybody QAM? Hello? Yes, just QAM? Yes, sir? You can line myself, so as you give me two quick or I want to talk about hockey. I know, but he's not around. We might talk about hockey. Well, I don't think we take cell phone calls this are. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Time. Is that ridiculous or what? Could I get him through a quickly? We want to talk about hockey. There is no hockey, okay? Sorry. Sorry, Yeldy. No hockey. No say permissia. I was going to put a lease lunch on there, but they got a spot for pizza pizza. So proudly serving. Oh, don't eat there. Oh, man. Talk about green apple question. Here's the fact that says, welcome back to our dinner. Find job in your actions. I have no doubt. Send along the right Reverend Reggie or white's top ten list of Hayton and tolerance. Happy holidays. Mark your butt from a holiday will be. Says page one of three, where's the other pages? Well, the number two is going. That's all I got. And I don't know if you can read it. So tell me if you can. Or I won't send page. No, what is in? It's like a list, but it's real small print. So I said it all. I can't. How could anybody read this? First of all, I gave a million to the N. Shah High and the letters. And then when you put it through the fax machine and it gets a little bit darker. Right. As America mourns and energizes something, you can sell the highlights though. What? Like Gaze or Liars and Cheaters, Hispanic Sars. This is Reggie White's right. Right. So you can't read it. Anyway, Mark can't read it. Okay, my eyesight's still good, but you're printing your France was bad. Plus he's been dead not for several days. And he ain't even a more scandal soup, right? You why it? Bigoted. Piece of a third. Another one owes athletes. Open it up a big mouth. Okay. I do small written in his little finger. And he's dead. God punished a man. He punished him. Just like those homophobics Sri Lankan. Same thing. Oh, sorry. Now, let's take a few good calls. 5.670560. I'm surprised. And see it around the slide. Do not go to Sri Lankan, no matter what they call it. Don't go there. I'm telling you. No play it. All those other poor bastards who happened to be in the way that. See, God was aiming right at that little round thing in the end. You know, shiner. And he's got bad aim at times. Okay. So he just like sends off his big speed on the leashes it. And then he can't control what happens after that. Because he's too busy on Sundays, especially answering the prayers of those football players. You're all busy running. Putting up to the sky. That's my favorite. Next to Phil Sims. He's going to the dumb jokes, putting up to the sky after they make a play. And all we have to do is make a bad play. Well, let us down all about. Gummy's a bad play. A bonehead play. And then he comes back to the bench and you're like they're fisting. You know, to see this again. Carefully. They're fisting. They're fisting on a sideline. No less. And they got upset about Janet Jackson. Why? W.2. And he'll go out. Have you knew you're here? Yes, sir. And the same to you. We'll put two for the bowl if I could. Okay. All marked. Excellent choice. Magnificent. They're the anti-Christ. I cannot stand a special way to have a three people forget it. I give you resources. Every time I reach those articles on your website, it just blows my blood. I think we really had a God. Phil Sims would be forced to work at Walmart. Clean up with trains. Oh, and secondly, another person my wife loves and I can't stand Adam Sandler. Wow. Good choice. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Exactly. Alright, Phil and choice. May I have a great name. 5, 5. Prop 42 at QAM. I'm 22. Right. Explosive. What? 26. And. I'm going to get Ricky at home. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind. The true Hollywood celebrity music father. He crowed fast story. All he wanted to do was. Wow. You remember. He was Todd Runway. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We keep Mr. Rungram in this room here. Dr. Eugene Ruinator. Mr. Sylvester. Hello, Mr. Rengrind. And Howard. Today. Hey. Did Todd want to work? Hey. Did Todd want to play? Hey. No. So what did Todd want to do? Did I want to play? Come on. Come on. You can tell. Nice. Well, all right. And we should run. Goodbye. Good bye. Todd. Sick bastard. Todd Rungram. If your career had been reduced to a song that could split on some radio station, somewhere every day I'm Friday to kick off the weekend, you'd be wagging it in a rubber room too. It's a big juicy, something that look at Joe Lysus. Tonight. I'm excited about it. See, every time I hear that song, I think a Rick Rowley. You know, I reckon suds because we love suds, but I think a Rick Rowley, who we used to like a little bit. I have no idea why he was funny in his way. And his time. He was funny. Sure. He had the ability. What was that? What was the last thing? Fuck, fuck it. Yeah. We're auto racing. I must have missed that, Joe Rick. We thought, we thought, we thought every time I hear that song, I think a Rick Rowley. I thought Alex Bennett died a log that went on. See, he had a funny comment. That was kind of amusing. That wasn't for real. You know, right now I said, if I had the ability to do it, I take it right here right now. And take it and teeth in. There. That was well done by mutton. So I sharpened up my finger for the new year because I had a long talk with my friend Joyce and I said, have no fear. The finger is here. I can't tell you why I stuck it. You know, Joyce. Right. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. Let's get a million more calls in between on two. We've kicked off the new year with fantastic calls. What person thing business or place? Can you at least understand the popularity of that would have been a better way to put it. But what happens is it made? What a way about grammar spelling. This is not a show for intellectuals. It's a show for like more ons like us, right? Right. Big enough more ons look who's leading the poll. George W. Bush 100. What a way to make a fill. I can't put it in the words. Reality TV 69. Doctor Phil 41. Dave Barry 29. NASCAR 23. Oprah 16. NBA 12. McDonald's a dozen. In fact, the worst thing I can imagine is like watching NBA game eat and from McDonald's. Oh, even HD. Michael Jackson 8. Yeah, I don't agree with that. See, they're confusing. Right. They're getting this confused with the poll. Who do you hate the most? Which we do that about three times a week. But with. I mean, he makes him. Right. I'm an ugly great music. Even they use back when he reloads little pumps. Right. Like that crap. Anyway, they just don't get it. Michael Jackson got it. I mean, day 108. Neil Simon's six. That was your choice. A week. A Paris five. We're not talking about Paris. He'll know that would be good. Paris. Okay. Right. Just because he rich bitch. That's a shanky and nasty. So she made a porn video. Who cares? Who gives a crap? Ron Jeremy made thousands of porn videos. And do we give a crap about him? No. Fat. Harry. Groat test. Ron. You're disgusting. Even if you are double-joyed. Sports talk three. Progress League three. I'll know it is. You know, when you stop to think about it, somebody that's fat be double-joyed. Really. You know? He wasn't fat when he was able to do that. Yeah, he was. Not that fat like he is now. I mean, he pushed up like a balloon. I somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass. Paris five. And that's the city. Not personal. But we'll put him on there. Put her head on there right away. When we drive. Oh, she's on there already. Sports talk three. Progress League three. Cut you music three. How come cut you music game do better? If we only have a lot of people out there, look there. Count your music. They like that slim Whitman, you know? Tamiway net. Who's some of the other ones? Oh, geez. How much time you got? Merle, not a lot. Like Marty Roberts. Like the white sport coat and pink carnation, just because he was Canadian. How about Jim Reeves? Who? He's dead. David Letterman three. Quentin Tarantino has got a pair. And they're both covered with mayonnaise. Rascal has won. And none yet for Adam Sandler. Walmart is South Carolina. Better get with it. 349 votes. I'm not to impressed by that. It's going to take us a couple of days to get on this. How about a funk? Don't you think so? Smells funky. Yeah. Now, no serious. I'm going to take us a couple of days, which is why we still have to slap over the beginning of the show from Friday. And what? It must have been like, uh, instant replay time. Yeah. What about you, you, M? Hello. Nelson. How about we play? What can I do for you, sir? Sarah, you were talking about Phil Sims. Yes. What aggravated you about him? Well, what does that mean? What did he never shuts up and he's got annoying twang, okay? Now, if you're not in here, you jackass. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you know, are you? Okay. How from jail is it on there? J-mo? Yeah. Good. Good. Yes, man. The guys are like big ass. I'm human, guys. I'm like big ass. Okay. We'll put a water just to make you happy. Right? So we have to say good. It's quite a good boy. It's quite a good boy. Right. WQAM. Hello. From Friday. QAM. WQAM. Hello. Nio. Name for the list. R-slim ball. Put up. Put up. Put up. Put up. You're way off. You're going to go. You're speaking, but I swear to please. Loth that up. I said, come on. Do it right, man. What's wrong with you? If you're going to pick on Rush, you're going to do Rush. Where the hell is it? Where's that drop in? Alrighty. Put up. Even I'm not doing it right. Put up. Put up. Put up. Put up. Yeah. Put up. Put up. Put up. Put up. Thank you. That's how you do it. Practice makes perfect, baby. And that thing about Brian Williams on NBC. I will never watch NBC News ever again. Ever. Calls in on the Rush Limbaugh show. And he's part of the fact that he's one of Rush's Intercepts. I've right wing Jack Assis. I'm going to say the A word. Careful. Yeah. Well, it's Canadian thing, eh. Can you believe that? This is the guy that replaced Tom Brokeau. That's not the anchor of NBC News. He's shotin' out a big mouth about being on with Rush. Thank God for getting rid of that's what I say. Take the Lord for Danny Boy. Even though we only got another two three months before they ship his ass off. See, that's what happened boys and girls. When you cross this bunch, this administration, all of a sudden you're out of work. You're SOL, man. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing, darling? Okay. Listen. It's not safe to go outside. There's no excuses everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. There's a Jackson to 112. It's terrible out of here. Oh, wow. I'm sure you're upset that I can't be there with you, pal. I'm sure you're upset that I made that snap judgment to get there a lot of there. Well, they're getting with still good. What a place. The void of anything, the void of life. It's just an outdoor funeral of parlor. I said that almost 30 years ago for Christ's sake. There's no funeral parlor. People are placed for people waiting to die. And anybody under the age of 100 believe you mean, they'll go out of the way to make sure you don't have a good time. They'll do whatever it takes to make sure they can ruin your day, your month, your, your, your, your life. WQA, hello. Hey, yeah. Well, how about Jessica Simpson, is she on your list? She on a beat. All right. What about, yeah. I know she's on George's list. I wanted your website and she was in the studio with him. I didn't mean to know that. Yeah, she was. I was 100 years ago. Yeah. Why would I? Pretty good. Actually, good show. Okay. Thanks. I know I see you didn't put around there, but I mean, I understand her popularity. She's a hot blonde. She looks pretty good. That's she not no Brittany. She ain't no, who else is real hot right now, you know? She ain't no Hallie Berry. Right? She's got big boobs. She's got big boobs. She's a blonde. She's on TV all the time. She's got video. She's there with the Nick the stud, you know. She's, uh, it will, I can understand that. But we'll put it on it to make you happy. Where the, the question is not who we've done that before. Who has the least round? The question is, who can you least understand why they are popular? Like Oprah, for example. I mean, if she did a good show, if she was really entertaining, if she was amusing, if she am a dinner. I don't get it. There's nothing there. She's worth a billion freaking dollars. Okay. I could be entertained by her show. If she sent me a couple million and small bills, but my give it a shot, honey. I put up with you for about a half an hour. With your crap with those pastel backgrounds, for all those, uh, the shot in housewives, goes to show you there must be a lot of money on a country man. Not just trailer trash, shutters, do you think the shot is? God, WQAM, hello. Hey, Nitto. Yes, sir. I'll buy Richard Simmons. That's a good one when he's done that's Faggot Richard Simmons. There you go. That's a good one when he's done that's Faggot Richard Simmons. There you go. That's a good one. Yeah. You say Faggot? That's what I thought he said. Yeah. I wonder what, let's wear things to Richard Simmons. That's always good man. That one. That's always good. Now, is that interesting how she was saying that before, right? And then all of a sudden when the latest charges came in, they must, the rest of the family must be running low on cash, you know? Because now they're all on Michael's bandwagon. Now they're all come to his aid and do his side. The same people that we're talking about. Oh, yeah, he was doing little boys and he was doing this and doing it. And he's a pervert and a set of and so on. And now all of a sudden that the cash column is in great jeopardy. And especially says, how my, that last album he made. How many copies of itself? Oh, yeah. So times again a little bit tense and tougher them, which is only, of course, to show you, maybe there is a God. Oh, God. After all. 5, 6, 7, oh, just like Reggie White. How old was he like 43? 43, 24, 43. And he's dead. And you want to know why? Because God don't like bigoted drugs. Just keep that in mind, okay? Jim, running. Just keep that in mind. I think you've been actually in running. You might not wake up tomorrow morning. Okay? You jack ass up there and Kentucky with a banjo on your ass. You idiot. Why is it that Steve Larson? There's another one. Board again Christian. Why is it that all of these athletes who go into politics with very few exceptions have to be right Winged, born again, bigoted homophobic, hate-mongering anti-Semite miserable bastards. What does that all about? Is it like written in the NFL code? Is it necessarily football? But also baseball? Is it written down somewhere? I think it is. I guess that's why man dog ought to pretend he voted for Bush. I don't believe it, man dog. But you go ahead and do whatever you want. Oh, right. You're the man. He'll be on a tube, by the way. After I extended. I can't believe he's working like four solid days. Did they ever bring in a schedule for Friday? No, I'll have to go copy it. You know, clients, it's nice to have you back and all of that. I guess we ought to say that. And nothing. We noticed much of any difference. But it's nice to have you back from your extended vacation. But it would be nice if we're going to get a schedule. Let's have it for the whole week. I know we're penciling a lot of crap in here these days. Like for the last two and a half years. Since our leader lost his way. He must have been hanging out with that product that was sitting with the curds in way. You know, little bit of stuff. Yeah, he must have been hanging out with that bitch. Because he lost, I don't know about the curds, but he sure's how lost his way. Prophecy seven and five 60. In addition to which, if Greg is in ability, have you seen him as he been around? No. I haven't seen him. Oh, my God. Yeah. Enjoy spot of me to mention that to you too, by the way, Greg. And Carolyn. Bees like. So I have to care for that. Prophecy seven, three minutes to one and five 60. W, 2, A, M. When you shop for quality footwear, here's a great story you're going to love. Absolutely, a phone and love. Because it's such a pleasant place to shop. Brandy shoes and poverty. See, I'm quite this thing. I have George the rest of this week. I'm telling you. I'm just warning you ahead of time. I'm just standing off this. I live very luckily knock on what I haven't had like the cold, the flu. I have a couple of the scratchy throat things with his change of climate. Another good reason is to stay out of Florida. Anyway, Brandy's will find the biggest selection anywhere in South Florida. Great men's and women's name, Brand. Choose the best in service to make sure you get a perfect at every time. And the most unbeatable prices in town period. And Brandy's the top quality names in the shoe business. Rockport. Floor shine. S.A.S. Spirory, Timberland Naturalizer and lots more. And with Brandy's gigantic selection, you can just about big, great, reads life on it. Now whatever size you like and whatever style, it's sitting on the shelf right here. Slap on your fat feet. Brandy's is open every day the week Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9. Sunday, 10 to 5. And you'll find Brandy's at 12.90. North federal highway in Pompeo Beach. It's always worth a trip from anywhere in South Florida. And right now this week it's a great time to buy S.A. Issues of Brandy's. It gives some great savings on selected men's and women's styles. And of course, usual savings on everything in a store at Brandy's in Palmetto Beach. So be sure to come in this week or visit it on the web at Brandy's shoes.com. You're listening to New Roger. You're listening to us. You're on 5.66. 4.2A. And I'll just go down. And when I'm up in Belka, take a slap and all the women would paint in lifts around the pool. I listen to the New Roger's one or two of us. I mean, I don't know if I'm in the old Roger's there and balance one to two hours. What a blablaboo! Now the former president of the United States William Jefferson Clinton presents predictions for 2005. My fellow Americans, I am somewhat of a swarming like Chris Barman for me S.P.M. And I have looked into my balls. Crystal, that is. Here is what I see happening in the New Year. Nick Cheney will win the gold medal at the heart attack of Webbex for a shot put. Monica Lewinsky will open a McDonald's game 25 pounds and then quit to take a part in the movie Charlie and the chocolate factory where she will play Augustus. The bat kid who gets stuck in the chocolate pie. Serena Williams will have to give back all of her trophies after she admits she has more than two balls of her skirt at any given time. And former New York City mayor, Rudolph Giuliani will never ever ever give any long time. If any long job recommendation again. Happy New Year. One or two or five, so he's looking a little bit haggard. I saw Miss Morty was on there with bushes I wanted to bush 41 bush 42. Now that I send him bush one and Clinton over to like spearhead this whole relief aid thing. He looked a little haggard. You didn't think? I didn't see him. That's probably just as well. TV news avoids graphics tsunami images. Editors at the New York Times and LA time showed similar judgment one day last week and running large front page pictures of tsunami victims. Faces of dead babies and makeshift morgas were clearly visible. They were the type of images you were hard press to see during hours of TV coverage. And a cataclysm notable for its staggering loss of life. U.S. television news was reluctant to convey the fact graphically. See on TV nobody ever really dies. It's only make believe in a lifetime by 20 would say. Like those soldiers know his casket that we don't want to see. It's only like just pretend. It's like on cannon. You know, nobody ever really gets shot. The early days of coverage were dominated by a video much of a taken by amateurs depicting the awesome spectacle of on rushing water. When professional TV crews arrived the camera's focus mostly on the physical destruction. Building, splintered cars in boats, flannel on city streets. When bodies were seen they were mostly from a distance and usually covered up. From television's perspective they didn't have a face. What you want to do is show the horrific nature of what happened. But do it in a way that you don't cause disgust among the viewers. Especially during the dinner hour. Said Chuck Lustick who coordinated ABC's news coverage on the world news tonight. Another broadcast. Especially during the dinner hour we don't want to be shown that. You know? Wait. We've got Stokey's the right around channel seven during the dinner hour. If that isn't the most disgusting thing ever saw in your life, but we don't want to discuss the viewers. Right. What's such a decision? During less walk a fine line between showing sensitivity and giving short trip to the enormous human cost and scope of the event. And that's the size of the emotion said Michelle McNally, director of photography at the New York Times. McNally was torn between two pictures she wanted to offer the front page last two days. Both were from the same hospital in India. One showed more bodies but faces were not visible. The other showed fewer bodies but the children's features were evident. And the mother was clutching her held in agony. Her head and agony for a loss. McNally knew from the gas to the mother. And it was the second picture told a more dramatic story. It goes on and on about this one said this TV just shows that's why the whole concept. That was a good choice that got called it about reality TV. It's Pac-Aman, Pac-A. Reality TV, my fat ass. There's nothing you see on TV that's real. Nothing, zero, zippity, do thex. Maybe you spot for the ionizer. The quad, the quad, what is that? The ionic breeze. That's it. Yeah, I got it. Okay. I got it. It's percolating right in the other room man. And when you clean that thing off where every 10 days or two weeks, wow, when you wipe that baby off and the ionizer too. And you realize all the schmutz and the crap from the area it really works. I know that you're real skeptic, but it's pretty good stuff. And it does emit a little tiny, a smell of ozone in the bottle. A little distilled, a teeny tiny. No, you're gonna die up there. No, get outta here. You're crazy, first. Yeah, I am gonna die, right? Go and around. Look at what happened to Reggie White. Let's just hope that Phil Sims is next. That jackass that gives me a good. Oh, what do you want to talk about him? Then I make it clear. He makes me want a scream. Okay, he just never shuts up. But by any ends, absolutely nothing. He just feels compelled. He's gotta be getting paid by the word. Gotta be getting paid by the letter. By the syllable. 560, 5056, the pound, 5060, under Verizon and singular wireless line. Of course, a lot of these people out there. You know, especially those news on this station. They think they know something about sports. They especially think they know football. They wouldn't know a football of somebody's shubbering up their ass. That's the nature of sports, fangs, and so forth. That's why it's so hard to be a soft flow to sport. They're real fan of it and the teams because they, it's not the team so much. Probably the organization generally suck. But the fans, man. Wow. Like when I went to that first Marlon game and again, these people listening to the conversation and the stance, they don't even know the elementary. The most rudimentary rules of baseball. We're not talking about squash. We're not talking about cricket. We're not even talking about hockey, which is forward to people in soft flow. The quarter from all those banana boat countries. We're talking about football man. Football, give me the ball. Give me the ball. Football. Let's talk about it. What was it? Baseball. Let me give two words out of the first day of the year. It's your fault. This is me off there. There's so many people ignorant about what's served. If you went out to the day to day land right now and you had a method of the world. You took the first hundred people to show me where Sri Lanka is. Please. Cracker, please. Here's line nine. My two way in. Hello. Hey Neil. Mr. It's gotta be. It's gotta be the double. Shub. Donald Trump. Okay. All right. Yeah. He won't put him on here, but I mean he's got a lot of money. People in America like people with a lot of money. They're impressed easily. He's a fan here. He's got a personality like a dead man. But he's got a lot of money, right? His casinos are doing really well. Not. Hey, he's a good one. And of course now because he's on television. He's all over the place. Another so-called reality show. That's real. That's very real. You're fired. You're fired. Right. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd have to say fake boobs, man. It's getting disturbing. Yeah. It's just, I don't know, it's not even attractive anymore. Yeah. But it even pan Anderson, yeah. Yeah. Too big. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Fake boobs. Oh, some people look pretty good with fake boobs. That's right. But when they're real obvious fake boobs that are just so red, like cow-like. It depends on the job. The job job. The surgeon, you know, how crazy. I always do stand. I wasn't quite sure what kind of job you were talking about. You're looking at a pretty good job on TV right now. How many QA and hello? A, you know, that's a guy that was asking you about Phillips M. He sounded like a New York fan of the me. Yeah. Well, that's what real sense. Suck this a quarter back. And he sucks even worse as a color commentator. Okay. He blows. Yeah. Well, you want your Phillips M. He's going to go with him. Okay. Thanks. We're by my ticket. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and a Verizon and Siger Wireless Lines. WQA. Hello. Hi. Neil. Yes, sir? I'm calling you from Toronto, listening on the internet up here. Well, I'll be damn. How's it going? You have to go in there, yeah. I just got a couple of quick questions for you. When you go to commercial, why does the internet feed go dead? Well, that's a long story. It's just that we have to do that because there's been a strike that's been going on for about five years. The actor is in Hollywood, uncaliformed, and do the commercials. So just to make sure we don't get any of their voices on some of these commercials, we can't carry the commercial breaks. Oh, online. And hey, with no hockey in that, so it made you decide to venture north again this year. Hey, listen. If you were in South Florida for a week, you'd understand. I always got woodbind to go and plugs my brains out, man. And those are the real good for a decent pizza on a chain basis up here. You should try pizza Nova. Well, now you know, well, I'll have to check and see where they are because pizza pizza lies unites on every street corner. Oh, yeah. That's stuff in Germany. That stuff is bad. It's good. It sits out there for like hours and hours. It's almost like being an Amsterdam. What is stuff is sitting there getting botched lies for like months. Anyways, good to hear you. Take it easy. A happy new year. You too. See you around. There's a good Toronto man. Listen somewhere. Probably right outside the window here. Spine. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a Verizon and sing it a wireless lines. How's that pull coming? I bet your bushes wouldn't. But that even looking. Right. I've been taking a peek. What person thing business or place can you least understand the popularity of? George W. Bush, 124. If you want to understand his popularity, let me give you a little hint. Okay, just go. Like that. Okay. Just like about 30 seconds. And then you'll understand. Or even better yet. Take a look at the map of the US. Hey. Take a look at those red states. Take a look at all that me Yahoo states. And when you look at the election results, you can do that online. You see the red and the blue states divide it up. And you see the massive amount of these red neck states. Then you'll understand why. Come on. It's so popular. Like a track. Don't ever forget that. Okay. Speaking of the ionic breeze between your knees. Like a track. So dumb people don't want no a Yale scholar. They're actually got a real diploma. They want some draft dodging that moron who never worked an honest name his life who failed that every venture he ever tried, even though they stuck a silver spoon up his eyes. George Zabinibar, 2024. Reality TV 80. Doctor Phil 53. This audience despises Doctor Phil. And rightfully so. Next car 32. Dave Barry's got. But third man. Oprah. 21. McDonald's 14. I think this crowd-leash McDonald's. Although maybe again it said same thing. We may not like it all that much, but we understand why it's popular because it's fast. It's cheap and it's consistent predictable. Right? The fries are good. He don't like fries. Why do not? In addition to which they will kill you. The other world. But if you like fries, there's a the best. If I want to eat something that's going to kill me. I'll go to the supermarket. I'll go to Dominion. I'll get me a half gallon of Nestle's turtle ice cream right now. In fact, the new Nestle's turtle which I didn't buy any. I saw in the market the other day. It's got like little pieces of turtle in it now. Which I never had before. That sounds good for lunch. Half a gallon. And if you don't think I could eat a half a gallon otherwise. Oh yeah. I'm not going to dare you. I've done it. I've done it. Not recently. That's why I'm still alive. NBA 13. Michael Jackson and J. Lennon I. The same person. Only the chin has been changed and the nose. Pro Wrestling 6. Parasix. That's Parasix, France. Neal Simon 6. Sports Talk 5. Oh yeah. Coach music 5. Parasulten 4. Quentin Tarantino 4. Widow Without the Mayo. David Letterman 4. Adam Sandler 3. Just up noxious. Oh God. How far Barker just punches his lights on. Speaking of how Barker did this turn 96 to something like that. He's from the most strong man. Yeah. They love Bob De Old Barker. Wal-Mart 3. Fake boobs. One Donald Trump one. Jessica Simpson one. She's got real ones. Don't you? Yeah. They are real actually. Look at that. I hope you got nice squeezed. That's one. Richard Simmons and Top Carolina. He's have the big uh... Oh yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if channels got a fake ass. You're a thing to kneel. Rogers. The rest of the world is a part of the best room. A.M. The Liberty Survivor watches. The Liberty Survivor sees the Liberty's are given the toughest tasks of their lives. Michael Jackson's Challenge. Um, Pir at the Little League World Series. Oh! You're skipping it. The two balls on that batting. Yeah, up. Great. Scott Peterson must move into the neighborhood of Jesper and Housewives. He sees and baby. You want to go on a fish and drift? Sir Scott, he has to be talking to the screen in this gun. Oops. And play A.M. Seems the National Anthem. At a NASCAR race. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. The new reality show everyone will be talking about celebrities Survivor. CBA. So what do you think is Clay Aiken or not? All the taste bacon. Speaking of reality shows. What a loser. One 16 at five. 16 at Sam's 30. That scratch bag. Not a good song. Probably Thursday or Friday either. You, I said the mall lifetime terrorist suspect detentions. This is so typical of the kind of fascism that we have in Washington, D.C. right now. The Bush administration is preparing plans for possible lifetime detention of suspected terrorists. Including hundreds of the government does not have enough evidence to charge in courts. The Washington Post report yesterday. In other words, if we suspect that you're a terrorist, we'll just destroy in there and lock the door and throw away the key. Siding intelligence defense and diplomatic officials. The newspaper said the Pentagon and the CIA and asked for the White House to decide on a more permanent approach for those. We would not set free or turn over to courts at home or abroad. As part of the solution to defense department, which holds 500 prisoners at Gitmo, Pants to ask the Congress for 25 million bucks to build a 200-bed prison to hold the attendees. We're unlikely to go through a military tribunal for lack of evidence to the Pants to official sold the newspaper. The new prisons have canned six. We're allowed inmates more comfort and freedom than they have. Now it would be designed for prisoners to get them to leave. We have no more intelligence to share the post. It will be modeled on the U.S. prison. And we're allowed socializing among inmates to pay for a set. And that pleasant? Aw. We're all hurt. Since global war on terror is a long term effort to make sense for us to be looking at solutions for long-term problems. Brian Whitman Pentagon spoke to him as quoted as saying, This has been evolutionary, but we're at a point in time where we have to say, How do you deal with them in long-term? Them. They suspected terrorists. Guys, we don't like the way they look. We don't like their last name. The post at the outcome of review underway would also affect those expected to be captured in the course of future counterterrorism operations. Long proposal would be to transfer large numbers of Afghan, Saudi and Yemeni detainees, and the U.S. military's Gitmo Cuba detention center, into the newly asked U.S. bill prisons in their home countries. It's a kind of like... I'll book our rape like that. The prisons would be operated by those countries. But the state department would ask them to abide by recognized human rights standards. And would monitor compliance. That would be what they would be just as civilized as we've been. And if you're good, right. Speaking of uncivilized, speaking of unacceptable, James C. Dobbson, the nation's both influential evangelical leader. I take you to the anti-corise. I'm convinced of it. I'm positive. I bet you're great life on it. And I'll throw a Matty Bell, too. And, Fait Boer, who's at three for the press and none, Barton. James C. Dobbson is threatening to put this potentially vulnerable democratic senators in the bull's eye if they've locked conservative apartments to the Supreme Court. And a letter his aides, as say, is being sent to more than a million of his supporters, Dr. Dobbson, the child's psychologist and founder of the evangelical organization, focus on the family, as Hocus Pocus, Holy Focus on the family. Promises a battle of enormous proportions from seed as shining sea. If President Bush fails to appoint strict constructionist jurists, or if Democrats feel a buster to block conservative nominees. Dr. Dobbson recall the conservative efforts that helped the November defeat of Senator Tom Bachelors, South Dakota, the Senate minority leader who led Democrats in using the Philobuster to block tenor Mr. Bush's right-wing judicial appointees, Nazis. Let his colleagues beware, Dr. Dobbson warned, and, frankly, those representing the red states, many of them will be in the bull's eye next time they seek reelection. See, a good religion that she's always making threats. You either do a my way, it's my way to highway, or the highway. He has this. He's single out Ben Nelson of Nebraska, Mark Dayton of Minnesota, Robert Bird of West Virginia, who just turned 125, can't conrad North Dakota, Jeff Binghamen of New Mexico and Bill Nelson of Florida, Bill Nelson. Oh my God. All six have for reelection in 2006. James Manley, a spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, they knew them a credit leader and a very close personal friend of the Bush family, by the way, a real sellout. So Democrats had allowed 2004 judicial appointments to move forward and Mr. Bush's first term. James Dobbson needs to take a moment to focus on the facts, Mr. Manley said. He called Dr. Dobbson a front for the White House. Ralph Nees, president of the Liberal Group, people for the American Way, which is often opposed conservative court nominees, said Mr. Dobbson's arrogance knows no limits. He had a, this is the kind of tactic that ultimately backfires. These senators of serve their constituents well and of courageously go to their conscience. I don't think they'll take kindly the threats from Mr. Dobbson. I don't think the voters will either. Too many far bits of the Goi and baby, that's the problem in America, man, it's getting out of control. Too many out of control. Goi, um, Dr. Dobbson's activities represent a new level of direct partisan engagement on his part. Unlike other conservative Christian leaders, Dr. Dobbson knows his grassroots following primarily to his partly clinical, partly biblical advice on matters like marriage and child rearing. Oh yeah, child rearing. That's big in the church. Before supporting Mr. Boise had never endorsed the presidential candidate. In the aftermath of the election, some of Dr. Dobbson's allies are warning their fellow evangelicals not to be seduced by political dealmaking. In an open-lettered Christian church class, much Charles W. Colson, the board again Nixon Abe and another influential Christian conservative and Waco warned against listing demands of the president of the elected officials to think that way deemines the Christian movement, Mr. Colson, role with his associate Mark early, were not anybody special interest group, the jailbird said. And the co-zone about Dr. Dobbson said this and Dr. Dobbson said that, you know what, screw him. Screw you, Dr. Dobbson. The hell with you. Castle voice, it's sever, right? Translate form, right? What a joke. This is what America is doing to a lot of right. While the rest of America is sleeping man, while the rest of it is switched. That's the problem. While the busy watching Phil Sims talking 50,000 words a minute on NFL telecast, the role was burning. And by the way, Tassett is with full of crap. The year we did not burn the city. I watched that again. It was pretty interesting. Cool. Yeah. What's an HD, you know? Right. No, it's just that when you got an HD said anything that comes on even if you've seen it before, you watched it again because it's just a breathtaking. Like that Rose Bowl game. Man, that was a great game. Too bad George didn't see it. Yeah, I bet you mad dog ain't going to be too excited about that. Not only do you have his dolphin foreign 12 season, but then in a thrilling unbelievable game right there on HD, right in front of my eyes, Texas on the last second field will beats the Wolverines, beats Nishigan. Which I was, and I think that's the first time in my life ever wouldn't it for Texas to be anybody? When you agreed, Josh, why would you refer to Texas? Because I hate Nishigan. I went to Michigan State, but yeah. For a couple of minutes, yeah. I'm my Spartan, not a Wolverine, all right? I don't know, we had the good weed at the end, and he's lancing where the hell it was. So actually they have better weed and NR. That's the rumor. Mad dog will talk about it. 560, 50560, and a Verizon singular, where was lines? This line line's been pretty active today. What's that all about? Get it. Come to QAM, hello. QAM. Not there. What is sham? I was going to be a really good call to I could smell it. WQAM, hello. Happy New Year, Uncle Neil. A lady. I got a lady that I'm a whole day at. We got a lady. It's me. It's you. It's me. The one thing that I find totally battling that. And what is that? That is still popular in modern times. It's organized for lichen. I don't understand that. You know something that's the best choice of the whole day. I don't get it. I have never gotten it. I never will get it. I don't understand. And a lot of people I guess will never get it either. It's funny. It's funny as best I can. Most people are weak and they can't think for themselves. So they want other people to tell them the answer. All the questions for which there are no answers. So it's very because most people are limmings and sheep. They always look for some goofball to follow. And somebody comes up with some line of crap. And that's a good idea. Whatever. I'll join your club. I know. But you know it seems like a lot of Europe has gotten. You know, gotten smart and wise. I understand that. And can it be? And that's what is very, very minimal here. Right. On the decline in those countries. And I just don't understand the grip that it has on this country. It does doubtful me in public. So that's my vote. And another thing, um, if I may digress a second is, I don't know if anyone mentioned it. But I was watching the dolphin game. Yeah. I'm a dolphin. Oh, my god. You know, well, you know, I was born and raised here. And that's all I've got for, you know, for football. And that's all I will ever have. And I like to be loyal. I'm not a damn wagon jumper. You know, my team, you know, love and love. You know, leave them. You win the face. So I've passed right. That's true. Even if they saw. And there's always hope for the future. Anyway, I was watching on TV in the broadcast team. You know, it's probably the ninth string or whatever, you know, bottom of the barrel. And I didn't like them. So I decided to turn on the end. Right. And I'm listening. And the play by play from the radio was at least. And I'm not kidding. Twenty seconds behind the action. They're literally lining up for another play. And I'm not kidding. While the end is and and how are we're calling. For the door to the next play. That's embarrassed. It was I couldn't get. I couldn't. Of course I couldn't. Yeah. So in other words, then answers the question. I was asking a couple weeks ago. I asked, yeah, sure. Whether we hear. I guess our delay is on all the time. So because of the paranoia between Ferrell and Mr. and Schroenau, we're one about an 85 second delay all the time. It was an enormous lemon. You know, it makes it unloved. You know, you said it. And that's not a really smart deal. It'd be doing that during the golfing games. They were going to find that. They were going to find that off because there are many people who want to hear the radio. And especially like you said, there were so many terrible answering teams on so many games, just they was annoying. Right. So, you know, wanting to do that. I was unable to. So wonderful. QAM. Get your act together for next season because they actually like to. Like to. The question we've been because they won't tell us. You know, they've had a whistle. I'm telling you. I'm sure someone else will bag me up on that one. Okay. Thanks a lot. I have a big. Bye. Bye. What's your goal game? Maybe Josh knows Brent Mouse. Burger was doing, which by the way, Brent loves this show. And it's not personal. Bryan. It's only business. But there was a play in that game to show you how bad so many of these telecasts were. I figured what's being the one. It wasn't reasonable. He wasn't doing that. But there was a pass that was rude complete. And the replay showed very clearly to ball bounced off the ground into the hand of the receiver, and and they were so busy talking about extraneous crap. They never even questioned it. And then they showed a replay and they're still not looking at it. And they still had nothing to say about it. I mean, there are some really crap telecasting. There are a lot of vegans, but but are some really crappy telecasting going on by your networks, okay, including Fox that don't want to show us the down in the yards to go on. Well, what was that all about yesterday? Rooper couldn't afford to grab it up there on top of the screen. You jackass man. 27. That's the injured. Of course, things. What is wrong with this man? Why is he care about such things? People are dying by the thousands of whatever. They're in an awful tsunami. We got to not season the White House. They're not careful being put away in prison for the rest of their lives. Well, not even being convicted of anything. And this idiot, this fat ass, bagged, is worried about some stupid ass ball games on there. See, I've been working on a station too long. No, that isn't it. I was I was a big, listen, I've been watching football before you were born, Mr. Okay. I have no dude. You were the way to be where I was born. Died into a world Cleveland Brown span all my life. Jim Brown Bobby Mitchell, Nilk Plum. How come we never had a real quarterback after a lot of grand. Bill Nelson, not the senator, by the way. Frank Orion. Josh knows all these names, any? No. No. Well, you know, Jimmy Brown. I did. There you go. There's one. Good wife beating next in guy. 28 after one at five, 60 WQM. The Howard David's a bitch. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand live or news. And elderly woman sitting on her front porch rocking away the last days of her long life. Suddenly, saw very Godmother appear before her. The Godmother informed her she would be granting three wishes. Well, now said the woman, I guess I would like to be really rich and poof with a wave of the magic blonde for rocking chair turned to solid gold. And G said the woman, I guess I wouldn't mind being a young beautiful princess poof again the magic wand world and the elderly woman turned into a beautiful yarr lady. Your third wish said the very Godmother. Well, just then the old woman's cat wandered across the porch in front of her. Oh, you can change him into a handsome prince. She said, poof, there before her stood a young man more handsome than anyone could possibly imagine. The woman stared at him, smith him with a smile that made her weasemake. He saw her across the porch and whispered in her ear that she'll sorry you have me neutered. Paul Harvey. Good day 27 till two at five six. That was actually kind of cute. Let's get yeah, not not there was slap your knee and fall down the ground the hysterical. But it's too soon. Yeah, it's all we can do it anymore. We can't really be too funny because the FCC enjoys good very upside about that. But QC is okay. It would be like wait, not like that, no, no, more like like that, right? Yeah, yeah, exactly, just a little tiny one of those. The average maker snapples picking up a bad jokes has a pollock judge for a joke about stent nylon on its website. But the company's Mia Calpa didn't stop a lawmaker from the borough from holding his own venture version of the Boston Tea Party this past Wednesday. I love snappled by the way, don't you? It's hard. You're like it. I like it. I like it. Well, no, when you say it's fine, that's I mean, I know you. That's not really a very good endorsement. It's good. It's fine. That's wrong with it. If I hated it, I would say something. But nothing wrong with the disminu likened. I don't know. Anyway, to see it that much anymore. Now, we are crazy. It's all over the place here. The only problem is that the only see I think that there ought to be a law, since there's so many of us who are fat all over the world now that whatever product they have in like regular with sugar, they also must carry it in diet. That's my big problem with it. What does that piss me off, man? You go in a lot like I was in my super hockey yesterday, which is a big beautiful new store. I mean, just makes public works like a dump, it's just incredible. And like the shows are loaded with all this regular soda. I had to like really search to find any caffeine free diet soda. What kind of come in as much of crap is that? For fat man, we don't want your azúcar. Leave it to see that cruise with that azúcar crap. Okay? We're drowning a sea of insulin. Anyway, the tempest in the iced tea bottle was part of the real fat scheme on a company's website, sample.com, which asked, what is the most recognized smell in the world? The answer, no, it's not that nylon. It's coffee. That's cute. Oh, they could say no, it's not New Jersey. It's not Newark. See? Hmm. There's no or stinks, print and stinks. In fact, Jersey basically stinks. City Councilman James Odo is at Otto said Wednesday that people who can't who don't live on that island continue to find us by the fresh kills landfill, despite the fact that Rudy Giuliani closed it. And we've more run past that. The landfill, which closed three years ago is like a monster. We can't kill Otto said by telephone. Otto, whatever his name is, the 3000 acre 20 story high fresh kills landfill held the city's garbage for 53 years, handling more than 2 billion tons of trash before being closed in March 2001. And we open briefly after the 9 11 terrorist attack is a shorting place for debris from the World Trade Center. Snackled beverage group, which contracts with the city to provide great-son public rulings, polled the drug from its website and said in the statement, it would never purposely offend the residents of this great city. It came off immediately, so as we learned about it, spokeswoman Lauren Radcliffe said, Otto said he had spoken to the Stapples president, Jackville C. No, who sounded like a really genuine guy he said, but isn't too anxious to come to stand Island. I'm sure. Or Jersey, Otto said he had tempered as remarks after his conversation withville C. No, still he said he and Diane Savino, who was elected to the state Senate in November, had gone ahead with their own Tea Party, each pouring a bottle of snappling to a catch basin outside Otto's district office. Otto also said 16 cans of rival Arizona beverage company. I stayed and delivered to his office on Wednesday. Well, that's quite a prototype. And that he poured out a bottle of snappling and he ordered in 16 cans. That probably put him out on a business side with things. Now, what do you think? Arizona ice tea or a snappling? Oh, snap. Not so sure about that. Arizona ice tea is making it pretty good. In fact, they got some pretty good dots of now, too. Right? It's good. We get it right here. They're both good. And they don't, they're not carbonated. See, that's one of the things that's killing us. That's why we have so much gas. And I can't make those sounds anymore. Joyce, I'm really free gun. But that's why we have so much gas. We're farting all of the time because we're just gasping all of the gas. Just crap. Cone gas man. That's not the I had to cut way back on my diet Pepsi. You were cutting it? How bad. You were. Well, I'm drinking my caffeine free diet cook. I think of the caffeine that was killing me. Oh, yeah. Holy cooking all day long. Really bad. That's why you're always a sick and crawling one on the floor beside the bed drugs. So I was always going. I think that'll do it. In fact, that'll create the irritable memory. We were telling me a couple of weeks ago. I started with it. Well, I'm telling you right now, man, grab a towel. If you got that irritable ball, got one of those were going to stick it. So we're going to be back and reevaluate to plug up his very pucker was a the old union gap. I mean, coherent to never what it is. There just been so much. So much happened the last two weeks. Most of which I haven't even talked about because like I said, so much you had so unacceptable and so embarrassing. And then the people like the ones that call me like the setup, like Howard Stern's brother there or whoever that I was on week ago. Well, how can we sign with these people? Well, you're right. It's not going to be any different. And they're not going to get any smarter. And there's certainly not going to treat people any better. But I'll take a money. I like my deal. I like to win over to high one and don't give me advice. Okay. The worst thing, like when I'm at the casino, you know, really bugs me. There's somebody's guys. There's somebody's all I know what you're talking about. How does everybody? Yeah, they always giving advice. Oh, I cashed it out right now. You know, and of course, I don't pay any attention to them. But they're giving advice. They're touting. And he's so generally people that have lost every guy never had in their lives. Right. Last time they were on the last. But right, you're like, they're the experts, right? Because they're afraid that somebody else might actually get lucky and hit something big. Right. If there were winners, they'd be busy holling their money out. Right. But they just stand around. Lots of other people playing, giving and touting. Given advice, there's nothing worse than a tout. Don't ever be a tout. Okay. Trust me when I tell you little kids out there. Don't ever be a tout. You meet a tout, throw them out. Oh, you better get away from that machine. And of course, the person walks away. Some other schmuck walks in, puts in 20 or 40 bucks and hits a thousand bucks on the wheel within 60 seconds. You know, don't be a tout. Can't handle it. So you people off here. They're wanted to tell me, oh, don't do this. You go to serious and get time buck all to be your agent. Blow it out. You're ass. Okay. Not interested. I'm thumbing along my own little in that way doing fairly well for an old fart. And I'm, you know, I'm pleased the way it is. Oh, you want to be nation. Well, who to do what? Why am I going to accomplish a change? Because we only have these sensational colors. We got one to change the world. Of course. Yeah, to change the world on a radio. Oh, give me a break. Let me say it again. The worst people, the most dangerous people out of ones who take themselves a little bit too seriously. We're going to get first defeat. And we're going to do this. We're going to change the medical profession. We're going to change the legal perfei. All right. All the mic's equals out there. And not to mention that one also. You're listening to Neil Rodgers exclusively on five six. This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers. In 1611, the Bible was translated from the Latin into the King James Bible. And now well over three centuries later, books on take the King James Bible. James, recite the book of Genesis. It is. It is the story of Moses and a burning book. And the Tower of Valor. There's the new testament to Lazarus, raised from the dead. James sings from the book of Matthew. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And of course, the book of James, all the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them for the train. Oh, my Judith. Back in the world of just for a hand of course, the resurrection. Well, I know it's more about judgment day than my godfather of souls. And so James also sings of the famous. What King James Bible? I believe you better than yours. Oh, my belief to what you'd buy. You will pull it away from the fire. I believe you better than yours. Bible, which is better than yours. I believe you better than yours. I believe you better than the base of the tree and the graceful faith. I believe you better than yours. By the way, I don't see organized release in our poll. Do you see it there, George? No, I have it looked like there. Oh, I don't know why you didn't stand there. That's the order to be in. I really didn't stand there, but we liked about it. Best type on book is in where they dress. I really didn't stand there, they're yours. It's all over the world. Why should we just stand out and have a little more in the future? What we need to do is 180 rules. We have no respect to 11. I've ever had to make them live in five. I believe you better than yours. I believe you better than yours. I believe you better than yours. So do you believe me? I believe you better than yours. Because we slaughter pigs and dogs. And those are my religions better than yours. I'm not a Christian standing in your world. I believe you better than yours. Yeah, we were teenagers and they gave you better type of baby care. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We now have a door to bother you like over the last few I knew. My religion's better than yours. But we just better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We were ties and wide our bikes and gets in there. We lost our wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We live in peace. My religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for mind, but my things are great. My religion's better than yours. My God, I'm the devil. Absolutely. 145 to 560 W to QA and 541 votes in a poll. What person thing business or place can you least understand why it's popular? It's popularity of, for, et cetera. See, I guess religion is better because that includes even disorganized religion. Oh, that does not have their changes. Anyway, George W. Bush, 158. There's nobody close to the Bushmaster. I think religion's going to move up eventually. I hope reality TV90, Dr. Phil 64, NASCAR 38, they vary 34. Hey, bye, bye, Dave. It's all at the door. You need a little last in a way out. You geek. He is the definitive geek, you know what? Yeah. So seriously, if we were to tell, I mean, there's Robert Greeper. I mean, there's people like that. He's a net-ish. But on the way out the door, our her day very said, I was a geek. Yeah. That's what I heard him say on a way out. Oprah, 24, McDonald's, 16, the NBA, 15, Paris, Hilton, 10, Michael, Jackson, 10, and Jalen, O10. For wrestling 8, CM, I'm Gretchen now. Big time from that soda. Now we talked about it. Mm-hmm. Let's say a guilt trip. Or maybe it was because I was talking about getting a half gallon of necessarily turtle ice cream with those little pieces of turtle candy in it. Oh, God. That sounds so good. When I go to the supermarket, you know, I need to do I need to get blinders. Right. That's what goes shopping for you. Yeah, that's a good idea. Jalen O10, per wrestling 8, Paris 8, that's per a France, fake boobs 7, Neil Simon 7, cut your music 6. Oh, come on. Cut your music. You have about 400. All them retardos, man, up there in Nashville. Walmart 5, sports talk 5, religions only got 4, Adam Sandler 4, Quentin Tarantino 4, David Letterman 4, J03, Rascal Osterie, Donald Trump's got a pair, Jessica Simpson, wrestling ball one of piece and Richie Simmons and South Carolina got the big. Oh, sorry about that. John up there in South Carolina. You got the big. Oh, it was a big zero. Okay. Too bad. Speaking of zeros, Fox sentia Tucker writes now on Fox immoral values. As we all know by now, Fox television is the home of traditional family values. Unimpetable morality and conservative politics. We know that because we've entored off enough by Fox's on camera personalities, including accused sexual harassor Bill O'Rally. And Fox's viewer is many of whom are moral values bush voters obviously agree. So perhaps there is some hidden emotional uplift in morality about the new unscripted Fox show. Who's your daddy's schedule to debut today? But for life of me, I can't figure out what it could be. Sus Cynthia, the premiere episode puts a woman who was adopted as an infant against eight men, each of whom tries to convince her that he's the biological father he's never met. If she correctly piss her biological father from among the imposter, she wins 100 grand. If she guesses incorrect, the men who have told to deceive her gets the 100 grand, it's a new low on the exploitation of sensitive and emotionally charged private matters for purry and viewing. But then Fox pioneered the fine out of matching the birth human emotions greed, thirst for celebrity, the insatiable desire to view public humiliation with the most supercharged of human desires, the longing for romance to desire for beauty, the need for familial acceptance in so-called reality shows. Among other travesties, Foxy of American culture, the appalling, who wants to marry a multi-millionaire, a miasma of greed and deception that made a mockery of marriage. Fox's also been sucked with the record setting federal government fine, $1.2 million for violating decency standards, on a show called Mary by America. Last season, Fox introduced an unscripted show about wife swapping. These shows are so many others of their ilk were backed up by the Red State voters who printed a spies such cultural degradation. Indeed, Ruford Murdoch's newscore, perchones both Fox News and Fox Broadcasting Company, has created a stable of morally repugnant program because viewers flock to it. Murdoch an offer conservative who contributes heavily to GOP causes, worships money above all. And during paradox of our times, that the very people who enjoy watching Trashy TV, he's so much of a perpure among the machine that gives it to them. Red State America hates Hollywood, according to itself appointed leaders, after national lessons in which more of values supposedly trumped other concerns, Carl Roe summed up the results. I think its people who are concerned about the courseness of our own culture, about what they see on their television says and what they see in the movies. Yet Red Stateers can't get enough of that courseness, take this season's breakaway hit ABC's Dispert Housewives. One of the show's top-repaul lines involves a 30-something married woman who's having an affair with a 17-year-old Gardner during November sweeps to show at higher viewership in Red State markets such as Atlanta, where the show is enormously popular, then the blue market of blue-state markets of New York and Chicago. The Atlanta TV market comprises an overwhelmingly Republican stronghold of 54 counties stretching from Upson to Fan and Counties. None of the nationally known spokesman for so-called family values, men such as James Dobson, a focus on the family, or Ken Connor of the Family Research Council, have called for a boycott of Dispert Housewives. Nor did they mount a protest against Fox's mercifully shore-live, playing its straight and which year-all women had to guess which men among her several dates were gay, and they haven't joined the O'Crayagans' Tuziordetti, which trivializes the complex emotions surrounding adoption, and by extension undermines adopted families. Apparently they see no evil. If yours in the heartline they're offended by the coastal media elites, they have a funny way of showing it. By tuning into entertainment that celebrates a dovery, dysfunctional families and naive adopt these broadcasting their most private affairs, they're making sure that local senses Murdoch laughed at them all the way to the bank. Well that's good. Temperatured so what we've always said, show me the money, David, that's all he gives a flying crap about, show them the money. You got Fox News to brainwashed idiotic masses out there to get his right wing lackeys in there, the Nazis, and on the other hand he's titulating America with crap on Fox Entertainment Channel, to which I would say, absolutely correct into you. How long is his size for a couple of minutes? Two minutes. We're going to put that one. One, two, one. Huh? We could put that shaving commercial twice. Well, you see that's a trade on. I looked at that, that's a trade. So I'm not that we want to denigrate it or anything like that. But I'll be honest with you. Let's start really bug the hell out. Hey Happy Birthday So, you should follow up to this story. That's the obvious question. No, it's a letter you refer to. The marriage between Anna, there was a follow-up corner for you. Anyway, it didn't happen. This is her hobby. It makes up stories. She made some wild stories about marrying all these famous celebrities. And, Carl, and then really married. Oh, good. She just laughed at the media, including us. This was almost as good as Katherine Harris, never lent him to you. You remember the plane that, um, that one? Yeah, same thing. What did I tell you? The idea of Enrique getting married to any female is so amusing to me. Like, yes, like, I got a Christmas card from. I give up. And, Reak it. Very good. Yes. How'd you guess that? I don't know. Psychic Dammit. Two years in a row, man. I'm on his list. Didn't come by, though, to, um, you mean, New Year's Kiss, right? No, that wasn't early. You log? Oh, look at that. Actress Sandra Bullock has given a million dollars to the American Red Cross. No, girl. How do you like that? So, name me, Relief Campaign. I always told that like Sandra Bullock, and you always laughed at me. Not me. You said you'd like Jim Zaybowock, but in her. Yeah, that's what I said. Oh, God. Yeah. The funds from the Hollywood Actress will be used to provide relief supplies to the National Support Technical Assistance, the American Red Cross and the statement. Well, it can contact the Red Cross. See, this is what I'm saying. Instead of making a bunch of stupid ass records, you idiots like Sir, uh, what a cliff Richard, and all these other more, boy, George. First cliff Richard. That's, yes. Sir Cliff Richard, my ass. God, in Brits are such a bunch of candy ass pansies. It's pathetic. Right on a check for a million bucks, you fat ass moron cliff Richard. And by the way, the royal family, they could take care of all those people that they wanted to. Yeah, they could. So, in some of them family jewels, although Diana said Charles didn't really have any. Now, speaking of a file, says a good follow up. Excellent, good timing. Thank you. At least one file's broadcasting company of Phileet is vocked at airing Monday night's 90 minutes special to light. Who's your daddy, which is raised the hour of adoption and advocacy groups for a premise that revolves around the adopted woman trying to pick her biological father from a group of eight candidates. WRAZ Fox 50 TV in Rawley, Brim North Carolina has yanked daddy. Now, wait, we can't say that. That's what it says here. This is from the, uh, what is this from? Reuters. It says WRAZ has yanked daddy. And instead, well, Eric documentary, I have roots in branches, personal reflections on adoption. In the 8 to 9 30 PM, blocks later for daddy on Fox. We're proud to share this enlightening heartwarming program. Both as informative appropriate family viewing as the public service as well. Fox 50, VP and general manager Tommy Shank said on a website of the station's capital broadcasting company parent. WRAZ executives could be reached for additional comment. Fox and news corporate executives have been catching a flag. Lots of it from adoption that. The kids and many other critics since it formally announced the scheduling of daddy last month. The show challenges a woman who was adopted as an infant to pick her father from a group of where we are talked about that. The fourth-worth based gladney center for adoption be cried. The show is promised calling it reprehensible and offensive and absolutely unacceptable. How do you like that? For pilot crab. The great super moralist there is funds. I'm telling you, just before the end of the year, they will have a swastika is their logo in the bottom right hand corner of the screen. It's across to that little truth and packaging. Say, Fox, Dica. Anyway, we got the mad dog on the next. I'm sure he's going to have some fantastic reflections on the past dolphin season. It's been a tremendous year. You got your AJ touchy. You got your what's his kids name? The place that I said in the over street green street. What's his name? Rosenberg. Yeah. Green street. Green street rose. And I'm sure mad dog's going to get all whipped up for a next year that they're going to make this one pale in a win significantly. Bye bye. Bye bye. Fox and news. Fox and news. Fox and news. Fox and Rose.