I was waiting for you to respond and I was responding but you guys were over the end of the day because you're much idiots. Well they got it right for two days. You have some jackass which he's not the only one. So some people lost their entire life savings gambling. So let's let all the tracks down. Let's let all the casinos and vegas down. Let's let all the bars down because there's a few drunks. So that stuff just makes me want to pew. Yeah, this is one commissioner voted against it because she had a relative. She didn't even name who the relative was. You know, they were too freaking bad. Okay, well, by will send him a velone sandwich. I want her to produce that relative. Yeah, produce this on a Katie. And by the way, you said March 8th and date also in Broward on the same day. Yeah. Not even pass over bombing. We'll have it by the end of the year whether a certain fundamentalist student takes like it or not too bad. You know what, they like to go on. Even in Dave County, they tried to and Ron Puck who was lobbyist for the tracks. He just called their bluff. So to speak because he said, you know, they wanted to put it off to the 20 seconds. And he wanted on the same day in both counties. It's important for the campaign. Or you have to see what they try to do. They try to sneak a, a salary increase for themselves in there on the same vote. Yeah. This is why they wanted to push it back. Right. And they got sidetracked on it. There's no way who's a get lost. And he and they lost. He called their bluff. Just as a protest against Katie Soronson, I'm going to would buy it to a clock. Speaking of bluff, I think I'll go say goodbye to him before I leave. He held. Yeah. He's bluffing all right. He didn't finish the schedule when that's what I was trying to interrupt you on. Yeah. Well, if the schedule is a seven, the interchangeable parts, and you didn't get to seven and ten, which is T.B.D. To be determined. Oh, I don't even get a schedule around here. T.B.A. to be announced. What was that clock in a morning? We still have to lie to the OS. So who's going to be on a seven tonight? Well, they usually bring in the big O night, because these one guy who does a mind working a triple shift rocks solid. Yeah. He'll do anything. Yep. That's what does it. So anyway, how cold is it up there? It's minus 24 Celsius. I don't know what that is Fahrenheit, but it's cold enough to freeze your nose right up on your face. You ever go out? No, you are. You're going out of to a clock to shift and I have a camera. I got a regular camp guy. He picks me up right in front of the building. Yeah. So I'll walk about five feet. I get it. And he drops me right at the entrance to the casino. It would buy and sell. Walk another eight feet. And that'll be a nice. It's nice in the comfortable in there. Just fucking Vegas. They want to keep the comfortable. So he punches your guts out all day. How about the people who were buying the font and blue were also going to build a hotel in Las Vegas? Good for them. So maybe we'll get a casino in the fountain for sounds good. Could be another place to get a comp. Be long overdue. I'll tell you that. Yeah. So how about painting sorts and painting last Sunday? My wheel of fortune. Wheel of fortune. Red 7 for three grand. I guess I'll keep me going another day today. Yeah, just hold on to your teaching. Yeah. Let's down there. In fact, without there, just put him in a glass while you're plunging your guts out. I'm sorry to intrude on your time. If the pot was open, it would have been my time. Take another two and a half hours because when a clock we got to rain. That means coming out hand. Oh, that's right. Yeah, today's the big day. Don't forget about that. Yeah, but that's my old time that's going to be in that book. So make sure that your book is clear off your phone about 115. We'll give you a call that you know how everybody did. Yeah, I better. I'll be listening. I know where to go to get that. Don't forget Atlanta wins big times Sunday. And of course, the Patriots, 27 to 10. I'm thinking about it. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. Holy scoring cults. Only scored three points against the New England. How are the status going to do anybody with a wacky quarterback. They're wake quarid aback, uh. The someh. The力 is the rookiectica quarterback would be handing the ball off all day. And the difference between those two teams is that the viewers have an offensive line to a knock you back andflu. Yeah? He thinks of why he can't run on. They've been playing pretty loudly. Last four, five weeks. Yeah, they just keep winning. Emortional. I know, but they've been playing in pretty. I don't like it landed all I like that I like to go up your bed and I like wow The dog will see the last time I know his their pants on Monday morning the last time or who has a teeth right the last time because this is gambling The last time in underdog was a three-point dog or higher you have to go all the way back to 1981 That's a big number for a home dog in a championship game. Yeah, and that was the San Francisco game where Dwight Clark caught that pass in the end zone from Montana You know those before Joe Curseena yes, and his playmate, uh-huh gay You have a great day, Neil. You too. I don't lose to much this weekend I'm gonna be in there plunging and we'll have the ratings for a 115. I'll be here listening Well, we'll send a prayer for us all right now. Yeah, otherwise they'll be saying college there you go Even though we're working for a bunch of goats I call hands number one rated him in a mo-ha with a David in his own and at least according to my aspirations I don't even I have children They're a mom hello I want your tape on tape either. Oh Jp Is a great call. I can a good joke Well, not the mention he's got extraordinarily smooth The boxes Be careful what you see here. Oh, keep the thank you more. Oh, no wait a minute. Oh, go Yeah, how about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror box. I'm right down the street from you I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait by the way Oh, no, I have to go. I tell you what I'll hold you over the break. How's that man? I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts. That's not my name That would be only call that we had the same onion. Oh, there's always a game And I don't enjoy the night Oh I rode past love, yet to let me, yet got yet to be saw I wait till I shine, I will fly I know clothes went some day to stay Almost every day I did And my veins suddenly start to tingle I had to know in the toy toy toys toys Yeah, I go back to all of our bags And I put my car on the front wheel behind And I know the best thing with my toy toy And I'm back to all of our bags And I can't understand what we're doing I know the best thing with my toy toy I'm back, I'm back, I'm back But the door is locked It's right out of the second That was set at a 560 WDQM happy Friday to bake day at the moment of day National prayer service going on right now El Presidente and Laura Bush attending Of course, believe you mean we all need prayer Or is it the other way around we have a god of prayer Right, with his fashes in there again You know, I'm going to tell you I had to Will sit you with you try to avoid all day yesterday All afternoon, I'll evening any of the Trappings that is in boy you talk about a coronation Even Dan Radoway like waxing I mean try to make up for lost time I guess Well, it's important we do things like this and he's just oozing with a few Surprise and all the wonderful things about this tremendous ceremony How could you not be choked up and about about and all this other garbage as they kept the Approaches of course at a very safe distance I was choked up. Yeah, I'm choking right now as a matter of fact So the pop and circumstance to get down pop and circumstance That's exactly what it is Fifth for royalty, that's what they want. They don't want the presidency They want the crown. They want to be king and queen Maybe Jeff Garcia for queen gay Anyways, amen to say after ten we got about three hours No one to two we got that ratings hour man the fall rating book comes out Oh man everybody in a business will be glued to their radio We ought to do pretty good. I would think huh? I think because actually the shows that had really a horrendous I mean a bad September That was the hurricane month, but it like seven diaries and I'll six people from IOD got the diaries I would be listening They're going to be dropping off that big month the lardass limb ball and Tom Schnitt Myster whatever that deal is they're going to be losing a huge month because this is October November December they fall rating period for all you ratings now. This is out there When you think the most of our audience are have some expertise in this by now their experts Yeah, he's why are those phones ringing? Frankly now, not even let's see. Oh, here's next week schedule. Oh geez Geez Louise. It's got mad dog two to four more Howard David I'd only do a two to four to seven and guilty seven and ten couple nights And then we got oh, yeah, I've heard of Stevenson and I seven and ten Curtis is a good job He's much better on the air than that one spot he does where he sounds like any martes You know, it was by just had a strip club or whatever old fingers right. Oh man It's Curtis just you know loose it on the down little bit sounds a little bit too effusive there Where did that work come from? I don't know. Everyone's got a certain words like stick like um, square aisle Yeah, I'm still embarrassed about that. Why do I use words that I can't pronounce I know what they mean right? But why would you if you're on the radio? Why would use a word that you ever idea to grab you away? I'm reading one of these articles one of these bedtimesters and has a word near nothing I can do about it But I can't like introduce that word myself because I think prayer aisle however you say it is it's like a step beyond childish beyond juvenile It's like our management at QAM. Why not is always a good show start at QAM? Hello Hi, I just wanted to tell you a meal that this is a lady caller that listens to every day And yeah, and on your recommendation I went and I rented Requiem for a dream even though it's definitely not my normal type of movie Right, it was very good very powerful get the pressing but very very good Right, so I just want to say that how serious doing Yeah To have a great day on L.I. George he does a great job when you're gone and don't forget make a sandwich for a girly. Don't he can use one? Yeah, okay. Have a great day. Bye Let's start off with a lady that's shocking that really is an amazing that is amazing You haven't seen what we're a dream you're really missing out do it I don't care what Miguel or anybody else says it's a it is depressing she's right about that very morbid and depressing But then we live in South Florida can relate to it. Pushing and right to all those old forests All those pathetic old cars here Now that's a little more upbeat than the same movie come on Why do I keep doing that? You're out of tune I'm doing I wouldn't believe it I'm sorry I keep trying to delete that and sorry and I'm under the business There you go I'm taking one thing I don't know if you're a little I'm sure he's not Jewish but in that movie that I was talking about what that was a name of that again Last of the high kings that Irish movie where he's running around he could you could almost find out if he was Jewish and that movie And that one scene anyway, okay, our pull from yesterday will do that after the break we gotta get the break in And we're just gonna fake our way up to one o'clock because when it's ratings day, we don't like one of you be in the amaterial right right Just fake our way through Yeah, believe that Hank is picking the two pencil vending teams he's gonna be a photo snow by the way in Philadelphia On Sunday I don't remember about Pittsburgh, but I would imagine I have quite a bit to pay for it. It's gonna have to have that in fact The two snow games I can think of they both won they won both of those the two big snow games They always play great in the snow the papers and of course the steepers are used to it too But they're given Philadelphia a photo snow on a ground and also in the stands do stand I don't know how that's gonna work out you got to bring your own broom to like sweep out an area in front of your seat and wipe off your seat You know what I mean? Oh right, what do you mean it's gonna be a mess? But that's great those are the kind of classic games you love this like an off track We don't have much of that anymore because the new surfaces are like so artsy 14 so on back in a slot man That's when I love horse racing when a track is like neat up to the horses knees and mud and muck and Splashing sloshing their way through the stretch 10 13 Zemka says gambling thing you started me with the ice cream yesterday And now Hank's got me go with a gambling thing. I got to speak into predictions in that pull yesterday bad influences here that influences Gonna punch my guts out just just despite what's her name can you so on so have a big bowl of ice cream while you're playing the slide Did I yesterday? Nestle's turtle with the little chunks of snow and with little chunks of turtle ice cream. It only comes in half gallons Actually, it's two liters so it's a little more than a half a gallon So what I did is I put it in the microwave 66 seconds I softened up to a great consistency and just sat there watching TV other than the president of course And then when I just when I was just disgusted with how much I ate I ran it under the hot water faucet through the rest out Did we do that no see that's cuz you're not addicted to sugar and crap like that. Oh, yeah, I got to do that once in a while No, when you go out and you buy something that you can't eat all of it or you shouldn't eat all of it. You really shouldn't eat any of it But you just run the sink and you like run a hot water over it and then just make it uneniable and then you toss it out because if I would like put the rest in the freezer I'd be at last night. I blood sugar be like six hundred right now. I did on that I'd been unable to continue 10 14 if five 60 WQM He'll go I Wait a while I've been given it some good See What do you think it is? I know that me and you in the do much better go with six to ten and not it five a Gentile in the cranky too. I think we might be happy to get there I think you really got Out of your mind. You got to have your witty red Strap out too tight. No chance I'll always show it to I'd rather die with the graphete Why how have you know I'm about to I I'm so with you and me, for me, is much better than sin than ten not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might be happy to take it today. But this is what I think is good. What's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? I'm here in a gerryz, and I'm here in a gerryz, or something like that. I said, that's why I have to cut a son tonight. Is that what you're hearing? I'm not a wanker, I'll put it in a gerryz, or I'll put it in a gerryz. I heard a rumor that gerryz had a big gerryz, or I could be just a nasty rumor. Ten nineteen and five sixty, and I'm full of vinegar and whatever goes with it today. I'm going to tell you that right now. The same thing is the cold scheme. Nobody wants to give the piglets any. Only one who has three super bowls. They've lost three games in about seventy five thousand games. Okay, whatever you guys say. Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday. Other than sex, what do you consider number one addiction? And is that interesting that the one category we had on there that was sex related was pornography? Yes, well one. How about that? 1808 said they're addicted to porn on out. That's part of the American guilt trip. Just because you enjoy pornography. It doesn't mean you're addicted to it, but nevertheless, 1808. Alcohol 1808. He was in alcoholic and he was down in Ireland and he's like that Katie Soron said man. What a silly ass bitch. Thanks for that number. They really try. I got the story here. They tried to put a pay raise for themselves on the same valid. So they wanted to move the date back. Industry people that they were like negotiating would say, Uh-uh. Okay. Uh-uh. Marijuana 175. cigarettes 161. John food one 26. Here's mine. Sugar 124. Right on the heels of junk food. Oh boy. Honestly, sure. Listen, it's all your fault. It was the hardest thing for my mind was ice cream. Sure, of hoogate. Until you start talking, I'm mad. I'm fast and say I'm going to do like a guilty and theory standard. I'm doing young kippert today. Make up for a run, missing the other real one. You're fast and we're feasting. Okay. Have a good time. Why you got food in there? No. We're just we're mulling over where to get it from. Is that a fact? Sugar 124. Television 101. They're addicted to the tube. Look what's on the tube right now. The maximum 50s roll. They're praying for it. It's a great business. Lunk it and yet it's not very good enough. We need all the prayers we can get. Prater. Deal God. Oh brother, get out of here with a crap. Television 101. The internet 97. They've addicted to the new Rogers 89. Deal God. Thank God for them. I don't have any eviction 76 liars. Your fuller crap. I don't believe any of you. Sports 69. Kathleen 63. Computer slash video game 59. Strip clubs 29. Including that gold fingers that criticism that great spot for. Gambling 24. Complaining 22. That's a softhold of hobby man. That's part of the territory. When they make a play with the conventional 15. Yeah. Yeah. I got a pay for that. I wanted three. Twenty two complaining. Fitness 19. Cocaine 19. I don't think they will hand in hand. Do they? Yeah. Sugar just forget about it. Well, zero leader look pretty fit and tight there in the reclum. He always looks fit to me. But he's so good. He's not other movie. He's just a fine man. Oh, cigars 18. The godfather 15. We got, oh, let's play all the themes. What do you say? Do it. When I pay great. I'll get the biggest right. It's a rating time. Yeah. Hero and 14. Religion fine and chat room is free. We have our audience around their chat room. And also audience is too old to be in chat room. Except for a miscommand. And if you don't like that, the news always. And last but not least, the hate bar. So that's our poor result yesterday. 15 people are addicted to the godfather. I would say that I'm pretty close. Because when I think comes on there, what's is that it? Is that the one we're seeing? And the epitees though. This is the new one we call. By either way. Yeah. And what's that? The way's going on. I got it. It's not always me. It's not me. It's not me. It's not me. It's some, it's some grease balls. I'm going to go, I'm going to go. Just a little taste. We're all switching people addicted to the godfather. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I see okay, let's see we got the Carmella the Caesar runner again today. I haven't even looked at the picture They were so busy with crap So busy trying to get the board option and open up my pilot nine 58 Well, why is that such a difficult thing? I'm sitting here. I'm talking to Hank and he's like, you know It's not a difficult thing. Yeah. Oh, look at that. Yeah, I saved the best for Friday Oh, how girl Carmella if you like the first four wait to see this one right and then Monday We'll have like all next week the media curtain will feature the top five and I vote We took the other day. This one's well-prepared We'll go back to the original one with her unless you got one. It's even the this one is just phenomenal boy I'm sure that I discovered her name bring a reason time That's because bring her into the studio sometimes since you're chill Man, she makes it Jessica Simpson look like a water-a-teeth She is really something this is the by far in a way the best picture of Carmella So if you like the first four or if you're like fairly aroused by those watch out when you get through a computer and bring a towel Okay, here's our poll today. What historical event do you least believe could have happened? You know what I voted for? The reelection absolutely I still I still don't believe it I know it had I see that headline in the London Daily mirror You're denial how can 60 million people be so stupid but I just can't believe it I mean everything that he did was wrong A lie I Disaster the e-bike mile. I mean just feel forget even then make a joke about over at those weapons It over here to open to a here. You know joke I've all these people are dying over there Americans and Iraqis and Brits and everybody else and it's like Well big joke. Yeah, you know, and then this whole social security to even to Republicans I did this hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in hell that he wants that I've heard all your social security All you young puns out there your social security investments to his billionaire and millionaire friends in Wall Street He put in the stock market how about bringing it to the track would be a better chance at least you have a good time there God what a lunatic and they reelected it. It's just amazing to me Shocking a great revelation about America and a really great reason not to be there most of the time Thanks to Lord reelection and well here's what we got so far we got some votes because I switched that poll when at least expect Net what is that of course? You're a whole bunch of other things on there during the day that's a little bit of some pre-to-two on they always need little something to one One historical event you least believe could have happened and look at that Relaxed George W Bush is leading with 14. How do you like that? Oh my god, that's what I say the resurrection of Jesus Seven all the religion and circle like that They're not gonna like that the Jesus Christ is gonna be really p. Oh the resurrection of Jesus seven my piazza gets married six Yeah, I have a tough time with that one to wait till Jeff Garcia gets married to come out with this user Then you're really gonna be well, I should be safe right 9 11 6 man walks on the moon tree Assassinations of the 60s won I put them all together in the RFK and JFK and MLK and Last and so far least with no votes to be at not more of the first 51 votes. It's a smattering on it Okay 10 28 will get to the heavy duty stuff will take about 40 million calls We're talking about four bill cause me they won't stop picking on four bill cause be man See this is getting even with him for those awful jealous spots Not to mention that awful show with a hostables. I mean that was bad enough for those awful jealous spots pay back the victory WKM my any portload of School later Parkalstein was just an ordinary you see the students until what they told Out what's the some kind of radioactive spider? What am I over here little miss Muffett indeed? It was no ordinary spider and he is no ordinary superhero He is Spider-man You want I should shoot spider webs out of my wrists. Hey, we're a hundred and 14 million often in weekend I shoot the hillfish out of my pockets Spider-man villains kill him women desire him. I Vitamin I love yet no I will thank you. I got it wholesale fit two free pairs of tights. Yeah I know a guy Spider-man in stealing guilt in the hearts of evildoers Go ahead take off a device. I'm sure you're making a poor mother very proud Spider-man now showing in theaters everywhere Hi, but it's killing you. They're going to see it fun time even Since anyone at five sixty WKM happy you're Friday too Thank you. I think we get what did you know that Michael Powell was stepping down When you stopped did I tell you about that? I'm making a point of we got an eight facts as multi-page facts as in their game We know Michael Powell is his last day today at the chairman of the FCC So I'm going to make a damn it a difference in a wall street journals gun article it. I would make you a puke your guts out because the wall street journal is so right wing and Soaks up to him like crazy. I'll get to it. We don't miss a thing on his show. Okay, just relax We would know what that guy is who has got his teeth busy in the glass so Katie sorenson's long-lost uncle. Whatever it was name is red Solomon WQA and hello Yes, sir. How the going? Okay, so far yesterday I was listening the mole for a few minutes I don't do the dolly yeah, and I heard some caller called up and kind of in a roundabout way started blowing Started slowing, but they just ended up ripping mole and acting him why he's just so bad and he went into detail Do do do dolly and he just won't just listen to him took it came up with some stupid answers that made him look even more stupid He's always got a great comeback. Not Exactly, but I couldn't but it must have been for at least ten minutes the guy just ripped them off He looked him on the line probably was his only call like that bed. I played yeah I think we should say happy that the guy kept talking Yeah, that's gonna be our new user resolution even though it's a 21st of January's to rip him in an ass as long as we have to have him honest here I think pali thank you You too rip me all the mold. That's what I say don't you? No, yeah, we're mold. No in 2005 WQA hello QAM Hey, you know, yeah, I got a doctor for George and for Josh The doctor they want some free lunch to put me at all the hock him up with a free lunch today from where? From the T.I. On a taxi company and David and you Mexican restaurant just open a couple of months ago Okay, can you tell me? Okay, so good. I'm pali hang on. Alright, good as you're lunch see we don't mess around with you and comes to free food or the experts We have the expert T's baby. I've been sucking free food up for years in this town That's why it's good thing I'm not there although that ice cream he did to me yesterday was just I'm a man who could price for it right now I'd lunch here right if when I use that little machine and he hurt me I take it my blood sugar this morning on the machine. No, because it just says tilt When there you know if there's a little thing for about five seconds instead of a number coming up does this tilt not a good sign WQA and hello Yes sir good morning when is this what about called? on great movie lines or liners for example you hate the only space for the fishes I'll be back something like that. I think we've done that we've done that I want me a one nighters. You know when they're thing Best place for a vacation your suggestion to run some Montreal or San Francisco When are you going? August Montreal Montreal yeah, I believe the food is great, man. You're love it. Nice. They'll try And I'll pin the S Americans here already in Toronto. We don't want no Montreal is a really fabulous city He'd like it a lot very Bohemian County, you know Colp Fat boy I said Colp Anthony said Colp no not a Hollywood guy that'd be about the only time to go right now. It's minus 35 Celsius is the temperature there It's a toast the minus 24 Celsius in Toronto so we're like 11 degrees I won't say warmer, but less It's brutal. It is just absolutely brutal. I know I'm gonna make those five steps from the door to the cab this afternoon 560 pound five 60 from the horizon and singular wireless line. W to Q and hello Yes, sir. Are you pretty good? How about Q and get there? What is the vertical? Yeah, but that's what they all I see well that didn't happen yet, but that's a good one And I believe what I see. Thanks a lot, pal. Q and get to it's acting together What is the vertical event you least believe could have happened? Well, yeah, because we're not gonna happen But it what now what is crowd running to place no chance on a scale of zero Give it like minus infinity if you pardon a dispersion Cosmic castles, brawards and our shows make those six allegations poor bill caused be you know He starts ripping it of those sources there and right away they're all over his eyes You think it's that or you think it's because of the fact they just don't like those yellow spots There's always got to be a reason you know like Scott Ritter remember the weapons inspector right? Everything but this credit him and then Joseph Wilson they out of his wife because they didn't like what he said about that phony yellow cake crap And now Bill Cosby he's next to and Dan Rathers same thing the reason is he grabbed their hand for us Is that what it is? I think so well, what's wrong with the hand for oh and Jesse Jackson was on there The dude talk about it guy squirming talking about the guy to the thing about the moral values and all the all brother Wow, how's that love child doing Jesse? Yeah, somebody was asking him about Bill Cosby's he was under with some you know the point counterpoint thing and He's trying to go ahead about the some spin on moral values and morality and this and that and he's got this freaking Love child how does he gonna well be talking about that? So he tried to like spin it off into some other direction which is why he got that bitch pregnant in the first place He was spinning in her direction anyway Can we be in Bill Cosby as post-bomb shows in three cities including four lottery all through the weekend citing personal reasons What could those be the announcement follows revelations that a female acquaintance of crossbears made an allegation against him That is prophet a police investigation in Pennsylvania The entertainers of turning in LA said yesterday a turning wall or For Robert Phillips, did he spoke with the 30s in Pennsylvania? You told him they have the good investigation he wouldn't discuss these specifically allegation which he called utterly preposterous But It's not something to do in the old but but it says it on still if at most inappropriate touching Right, don't write little ass. What's wrong with grab a little ass huh or big ass? I don't know why he wants to grab well now I take that back on you Latinos want to grab a big ass I forgot about the buttons as long as we're speaking English like jay low I'm gonna grab that big fat disgusting pimply ass So that hers no charge you've been brought against Cosby Phillips said the accuser lives in Canada Oh geez, no is cause being the legends and question happened about a year ago I thought nobody would tell police and Shelton tell him township of Pennsylvania. Philadelphia suburb where Cosby has home to climb to comment I know the first making the accusation has been contacted by the authorities 12th Senate telephone and we're gonna be AP from his office in Philadelphia We're hopeful that optimistic that no charge will be brought forward Dave Salby a spokesman with a Durham regional police and Durham on Terio have no idea where that is said police had passed on allegations from a woman there to authorities in Pennsylvania But declare it confirm what they involve Cosby the anonymous woman is alleged Cosby and invited her back to whistle I'm after meeting with a Pennsylvania restaurant and gave her pills that made her dizzy after she complained of stress and tension Uh-oh sounds like what they did to poor rema sister there with those who name on guiding light And I'm gonna take this up and right now if there's so far for us after gave canceled Like God for a global heaven passions yesterday, man because of that damn inauguration What kind of a common is bunch of crap is that and then ever said they're just with that effusive phrase Just sucking and so please don't take our license away Please don't make us fire our A more news anchors. Please don't do this and don't do that. Yeah, man. Oh, man That was a coronation yesterday the month is disgusting 40 million dollars down the toilet 50 whatever Who's you? Plus on top of the 75 minute. They wasted on a penis gate there and we can't say that. That's a news thing. Okay? Plus it's a it's a elongated word. It's long The anonymous woman that's where she gave it a pill. She ladies she admits remembering about what happened next On the United States anywhere is fuzzy, but she alleges that Cosby touched her breast and placed her hand on his genitals See this isn't just a little grab a little ass Mr. Hotshot Place your hand on his genitals and they complaint made to Toronto police it must be like around here What is it? Tamigan Durham? Oh, yeah, it must be like around here. I'm actually a play hockey there Which was Which was probably new here which was passed if Philadelphia 30 soon investigate the woman also claims you will come for a in the following morning With her clothing and disarrayed her brown on done. Oh, no, no Maybe she just was tossing the turning all like Bobby Lewis said Remember that? Remember that song for the last thing and turning remember that side of all place stupid man Cosby's if just cause you ate it then he's one day and you got involved then other shape George hasn't recovered from that great breakfast of Denny. It's over out of shape. Oh How many that so it's she was Maybe he didn't place her hand anywhere where we should have like staggering around a little bit She was drunk and forgot what she did Cosby's accuser states He didn't report the incident immediately because she would consider my defector standing at Temple University in Philadelphia where she worked He works in temple so it's a Jewish thing I think Cosby's not been charged in the case yet The funny man postponed a town hall meeting and Cleveland Thursday's post-Bundry upcoming shows two and four Lawyer one in Daytona. His publicis David broke us said broke out wouldn't say whether they post-bomb and something to the allegation But you can only yeah, I'll just put six and eight together Performance is scheduled at four and seven PM at the Brown Center for Lawyer will be rescheduled for an as yet to end a term in date Code restamen from the theater tickets for Sundays for law. They'll performances maybe how much change later Are return to the place of purchase for refunds like yeah, according to Brown Center now So Bill first of all why would you want to go see Bill Cosby anyways? So he funny is he like interesting? I mean why would you want to pay to go see him in the first place? Will you go see him? Me man you don't really like 60,000 a minute to go see Bill I would only a little kid. I'd stay for like two three minutes way Hey, you round me over love and sweat is so cheeky I'm in the total panic stence if you end when you tear me care Maybe you get a little wasted in the memory gave her world So because of me without me being naked, you don't know No judging yoga like an angel Small blue permettage Go play with my shivers Yeah, run at my son or wand Em beetje un 싶ized Ky applicationerman Sick. Dyessa, lady? I mean, I'm not going to worry about nobody's ever know that I'm going to be about to get a little bit. 1047 at 560WQA, about 2 hours and 13 minutes away from those fall ratings coming out. Now, if Stern just did this, a gave us a parting gift, as they used to say on a quiz show, parting gift to use a parting gift, a parting gift, and we had like, you know, good morning, and we should be, uh, with things rock solid, and the afternoon should be just fine as one. We might have some bonus money coming our way. Yeah, we did. Yeah, we did. The pool. And I don't see anything about QM getting attacked together on a pool, but curr, out of a Josh is probably real busy and handicapped in the football games this weekend. QM gets attacked together. That's the only one we've had called in, right? Do you see it on here? No, yeah. Oh. One historical event you least believe could have happened. Now, I may be not qualified because these are ones that at least alleged happened. I don't know anybody would say that, but it did. For fun, QM gets attacked together. We elect a George W. Boast 64 winning hands down your pants. I mean, no contest. Nobody would just speechless that there could be that many morons that many people who are massacized and love misery and suffering. Resurrection of Jesus, we know that at 37, 9, 11, 18, Mike P. P. Otsigots married 11. It's happening this month in Miami. Man walks on the moon six, assassinations of the 60s, too, and the Vietnam war has got the big. Oh. So that's what we got too far. I'm going to let QM get to exactly how this is going to be on a pretty soon. You think? Oh, what's on there? Oh, didn't let me votes yet. Now, what's your pornography for this weekend for the two games? I'm not betting on being a win. Why? I'm not betting against the winland. I think the Falcon can do it. Yeah. So we're like opposite hand, can't think the two of Pennsylvania teams, fully in the Steelers, and we're picking the Falcon. Of course, they're all the pens that I got to put us snow in there. Michael Vick may not be able to do his razzle, there's all whatever he's doing. Well, that just means he's going to run it more. Yeah, that's true. Look out for Michael Vick, because he's pretty quick, and I think he's going to stick it to the Eagles Eagles or really weak, man. Without T, uh, oh, I always thought when people said T, they were talking about Toronto, but it come to find out it's T. Oh, the other guy who ain't could be playing. He's a busy making more spots with Nicola Churton and pissing off the right winters. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Rivas lines. WQA in, hello. WQA in, hello. WQA in, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. The outcome that I actually outcome, I can actually, I still can't believe, was OJ being acquitted. Oh, yeah, that definitely needs to be on there. It was my bad. I think that was on the original, uh, Poland, uh, Sean Fasme, yeah, OJ being acquitted. All right, come on, great day. Thanks a lot, Colin. Yeah, how's got my last set off there? We forgot. Uh, I remember that wasn't his pull. Somebody else passed me that pull idea thing. Oh, no, that was my pull. Where did that come from? George. I don't know what it's like. I don't know what it's like. Somebody, I think, passed that in. OJ gets acquitted. Oh, brother. Is that real? That, yeah, sir. Real is that I remember we were on the air when the room came in. Remember Dioding? We were shocked. And all I could see was, oh, man. Yeah, over. Oh, man. Oh, man. There's no man. How soon did he do it, my way? Should you get her acting together? Hey, guess what? What? Michael Paul's going to resign. Uh, no. Not the chairman of the FC and C. Anyway, before we get to that, we should have got that sir. Well, we'll take couple more calls because they're frantic. WCWM, hello. Yeah, I'm up in the hall cost on the service. I'm in the hall cost on the service. A, eight, my gosh. I'm in the hall for. So the Brit said something to vote for is I was saying Harry and why? Right, the Harry and the eight longest. Oh, okay, the Holocaust. No, it doesn't belong on there. Sure. WCWM, hello. Oh, man. Bulgers lost it. That was people who believed me. I worked with him long enough. I know that voice. You lost it, PD. WCWM, hello. Oh, man. Oh, man. Bulgers lost it. That was people who believed me. I worked with him long enough. I know that voice. You lost it, PD. WCWM, hello. Yeah. And that's because he knows the numbers are coming out. Yes, sir. That one's for the bulk. Okay. No, it's arc. No, it's arc is an excellent choice. Thank you, sir. I've been here for a whole day. Okay. I still say man, whoever had that clean up concession on the york. I hope he had a big shovel. It's all I can tell you. They had the elephant days and the donkey's and the tigers and the lions and the fronted sources and all the other tourists. Can you even begin to imagine? Right. This expense. Wow. Vote OK for stop machines in day. Let's hear it. Alright. I mean, you would think. Talk about it on backwater state floor. Do you think that like we were like inventing the wheel or something? It's a big sum of stuff. You know? The Indians in the right night scan with their phony slot machines for a long time now. And now that the real things are coming in, oh my god. You only. You know, like like the world's got to come to it. I'm going to tell you one more time. If casino has been in Florida like that. What was the first election back in the 70s? I believe. Pretty slashed almost 30 years. I've heard of man. God. The economy would be booming. There'd be jobs that be like floating a ruling in money. The education system would have money up the old young young. But oh, no. The Bible says, and all the other crap. Even though we got that dog racing and horse racing and harness racing and high-ly and you name it poker. Whatever. You know, you like her poker. But it's just madness. You're trying to deal with such a bunch of backwater people. They're like the crowd from two egg in the right of the whole state. Putting your fat ass governor there the jibster. Who was there yesterday taking pictures with his little brownie camera. And his little ex and disposable brownie camera probably bought it at the records. He's a kind of guy that would look for an一直 still in business and go and shop there. You know, him and jibster for a lot of income and said as jib bush, liar. He's a freaking liar. Anyway, after hours of discussion that nearly killed an agreement with a gambling industry. My me did commission said a march a three-for-head about spot machines and per mutual. Says the heralds wrote might be true. They voters will have a chance on march 8 to decide whether the law laws vegasel slot machines at the horse track dog track in high-life. On time under a deal with a gambling industry approved yesterday by county commissioners. But the deal which commissioners extored for potentially providing money from gambling for a Zee for education almost veered off the track. That's not the race track, but the whatever that track is because commissioners also wanted to put a pay raise for themselves on the ballot. You talk about a lot of gole man. Huh? Is that the epitome of puts by way that he have a lot of cuts by all of them. The whole bunch of them. The conflict created by the last minute proposal to the meeting in nearly five hours of confusion back when negotiating and threats. In the end, commissioners met the gambling industry's demands. They agreed to hold a special election asking voters to refuse flat-ed permits of facilities March 8, Saint-Days Broward and they backed away from a salary referendum which would have moved the day to the vote and harmed the gambling industry's marketing plans. They called our bluff and we folded said commissioner Dennis Moss who had proposed the commissioners raises before the voters in March. He had raised this to idiot. Will give you a raise right in your act of Moss don't that commissioners were poor gambers. We need to stay away from the perimutuals he said. Yuck, yuck, yuck. The voters going to expect a barrage of advertising in both day and in broad which holds a slots referend to on the same date. The perimutual of this respence, 16.7 million dollars on a state-wide initiative in November that put the slum machine plan in motion. It put the motion in the motion and is expected amount of major campaign in coming weeks. Opponents and unlikely collection of anti-gambling activists Indian casino owners who are just a bunch of pigs that want the whole thing for themselves and gambling will operate is to want to slip you the Mickey who also want the whole thing for themselves. Also spent large sums before November less than expected to oppose this one as well. I want you to stop thinking about the logic there. If you if you have played a slot machine on a gown a cruise ship then it's okay the world will not come to win end because Mickey will feed your money there will be not a dime of tax money go to anybody. Not one penny will benefit anybody if said go to his pocket okay or the other a cruise ship people. Similarly Indian casino that put all those shameful ads on the total November election about all the family a tourist image is our floor is going to go to hell in a hand basket even though they're running their own version of slots with a bingo crap on top and they're going to get to put these in anyway. But they don't want a nice chunk of the fire they want the whole pie. It's like it's Thanksgiving time and somebody puts a nice punky pie on the table and some chaser comes along and he doesn't want a piece of the pie he doesn't want to slice it up he describes the whole pie and chef's his face in it man that is disgusting anyway executive director of no casino's policy which raised to him again before the member election all but conceans the slot machines are on the way to stop photos traction fraud tons it will pass overwhelmingly in both counties and you know it just like it did no member. See because slot machines the crack cocaine of gambling because of the predicting quality see try to persuade commissioners to the lead of both try to post-pone the inevitable that's what you try to do Paul just post-pone the inevitable it's coming man what the elected are not like the end of the world it's coming and of course slot machines that will probably be the end of the world as we know it see it goes one day a few voices in opposition hundreds of paratroopers and boys and other interested parties were bust in turning the commission chambers in with see a green vote for slot t shirts commissioners voted eleven to one to put it on about only commissioner Katie sorenson was opposed and ppds was in Washington you know old pp no commissioners who supported the measure cited several reasons gambling now we have to go to the whole thing every no that the money's intended to offset the negative effects of gambling which including increased development traffic crime conditions potentially social service demands talking about four million dollars that covers the cost of whatever the election and it's set it's this article makes no sense the discussions began yesterday relatively lighthearted man or even his commission chairman Joe Martinez we some last minute promises from the gambling industry that the three per mutual facilities help house texturing hurricane evacuations and that they donate additional money to children's health care needs but as the debate over the referendum became entangled with the community with a commission salary if you run book represents the per mutuals began handling with his clients and side rooms and stairwells what is repeatedly declined to raise commission salaries which have already been six gradies since nineteen fifty seven but most wanted to give another try never say never you know success money out of the public is he have a lot of good but we just said that and he had support from several commissioners but enthusiasm Wayne is commissioners realize the rules of the car 60 days notice to put the raise on a valid pushing much back two weeks and new election date with her thiness these plans to run a single campaign for a man broward book to commissioners to the bring threatening to put out a multi million dollar deal commissioners move it sounds like me enjoys with my negotiation you know we got the checks in the uh... that's our life joist we're going to send it back to the people for please don't tell the police can't we get this deal that please you know a bunch of funny well that's what mad dog should have done that might not know why he's turned into such a worse you know i mean he's not a director and i would only make a crap but he should just write a beginning of the gift go for this but that's okay joist here's the way it is if he do my way or for a word of highway for you right across the street bitch i think he's leaving about all the talk about a year of a land up and this is the new Roger show this is a flow this is my couple son of calling howl who helped us in the case of this law deposition through certain political favors i'd like to take this moment to talk about the field that we hear on the radio airways and something i might even turn the radio on to hear myself so i announced from this moment on all radio broadcasters and we're travel preparation not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi book royalty laws and givers of life son will be script naked and medically sold together by dr. Warim and the local witch who is child i heard you to stop this this center field this message paid for by i don't worry public and that's about the it's eleven a one and i was a raspberry by the way for michael pal don't get nervous right we don't you dumped it or got it and i concur that's how much raspberry to me okay i'll let go of it was run that's how's it all follow the redo it top it off so there's a bit of a michael pal we had it up that how do you like that that proves my point wow you talk about a self-fulfilling freaking property man we had a dump because it's a land stand was what i sounded just like a raspberry was a strawberry it was a boy a poison berry you think it was a rimshot i get out of here anyway and don't be fax in this anymore stories man a story is big we don't look like it's got up to tax machine michael pal is resigning she we get how many drugs we have to chop down to make that tax pay by the the two pages and we got to save our tax pay for because we got those ratings coming to one clock i got like a whole bunch of pages here which i'm not going to read the whole thing because it's a sucked out by the wusty journal after michael pal the right wing wusty journal the bad news is that we're told at michael pal when a Washington's better bureaucrats is calling it quits today after her years at the home of the anxious fc c there's that anxious word again comfort you're right here first the good news is that is exited towards the bush administration and opportunity to be a vatuated stepchild treatment of telecom policy given the media coverage might think Mister Paul ten years been a little about little more than janicex and word or malfunction and how it's during the party mouth in fact Mister Paul spent the past four years focused on much more substantive matters regarding the government's rule overseeing a telecommunication sector that's never been more dynamic any audience the audience goes on about this and that we could about that broadbed and then it will go to the baby bells let's get to the part about uh... which brings us to the matter of potential replacements for the chairman of the member five member agency with a president bush will squad or a chance to start taking telecom more seriously the white house decision last month re nominating democratic commissioner and tondential protigey the anxious down of it all seen was not a good start to say the least since he and followed democratic commissioner michael cops are reliable opponents of anyone competition you see the last regional camp stand effect of their two democrats on the commission as five members three republicans into democrats and the lost regional and that's not good enough for them even though they're all full of crap let's see Mister martin is going for chairmanship who's Mister martin or Kevin martin but is this isn't the unbuddling fight to put a put personal ambition of good policy split the commission up to stand the telecom depression other possible names mention for the first it will be the client for more had a big text is public utility commission Michael Gallagher of the national telecommunications information administration and janice obakowski telecom consultant who served in the commerce department of mr bush's father some of the former interstate commerce commission chairman various gaskins or former fc committee to chairman jim will also be an excellent choice to keep the FCC on a director of passes the obnoxious lost return or not even anxious or just obnoxious but you're right when money grab and losers aloof all your money okay i hope the market goes down like the big yeah every penny all you fools would have stock market crap anyway is interesting story from a river that which i had this but it's uh... now is a time to a fifty-year-old renal man was hospitalized after he castrated himself my god told police he learned a procedure on the internet he did so to lower his libido or and whose name was not released called nine eleven about one thirty monday morning asked for help because he couldn't stop the bleeding from the self-castration operation police said see for time in that just do it right right if it's a river and jupp is a high in fact as you can just do it it is the part of the court of the court of the court of poker and stick it even side of the list of it you'll enjoy it renal police and that's what you've spotted the man's only was taken by ambulance to the hospital wash your medical center official cited privacy issues that they couldn't release any information on the man including his condition but police and hospital officials confirmed Wednesday the man successfully castrated himself i'm not really sure what they mean by that but it was a successful operation went and out he chopped out demand obviously needs some sort of counseling we know police within a run-downly a master of understatement told the renal gizacher right out of the key needs counseling he's a all can't say that will be a lot of times with weaness then mark charges five soldiers with the raki prisoner abuse so jasha court is dumped at the raspberry the answer five got to have a lot of trouble and we'll play it again now chop what up that's far oh you just put up the door open a game of damage intelligence officer and former military policeman been charged with a visa raki prisoners and seven erectedness news agency ritsaw reported today reserve captain animat homo who homo who who and for the soldiers could face up to one year in prison if found guilty of breaking military law during interrogations last year homo was sent home in july from raki for her to do the was set up after former unit colleagues complaint about the wish interrogated prisoners maybe that's what that guy needs a new unit she's an idea of use in markets about five hundred troops and so that a rack near bazaar and by the way there's a whole bunch more dead people in a rackford to nobody cares in fact all it's only making the crawl on the talking head and that was that's how much we were like you know we just been the sensitized to it just don like crazy every day and we don't care just another bomb on those bombings in that's all that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty univerrisoning single wireless lines big day today ratings come on at the one mad dog at two the a roll my store dot dot dot dot dot fair Qurstein invins to seven edict half today you know boggie and know hockey games telling saibr pap royaltylü talking the seven of stir-up when the point we're accepting is there confetti was dead Peter okay I just thought the seminar took off. Yeah, and what's the book where was he? He's over here in La Mar, walking cars. I'll be there. Well, let's go. He turned his back and I see so this down the river old Spencer. Well, he said he's going to call you. He wants to talk to you. Yeah, well, I want to talk to him. Thanks. Spencer still alive. Remember that? I do. He came over to Pasan and he came over there and wasn't enough business for him or something like that. They made a big story about how he wasn't licensed to do there. What's out on the stand? License? Yeah. You know, business license for a car wash guy. I don't know. Some crappy made up. They're just one enough car. And of course, that cheap jack mark. He probably didn't want to spend any money getting his car wash. He delayed that very impressive parking spot. And then of course he died. Jack Mark, right? Yes he did. I'm just verifying that because anybody in the tree that's so shabby and what's such a hard as. That's what happened, man. You cross us and eventually sooner or later you're going to die. I promise you that. Eventually you will die if you mess with us. So, bug off. Jack Mark and Spencer go away Spencer. 5605. I thought it was somebody that we would be happy to hear from you. Like, oh gee, it's not great news that the so-and-so. Yeah. Hold on. Hold on. Come in to QA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey man, how's that treasurer island on Wednesday? I saw George getting follow-up. Okay, great. WQAM hello. Yes, hi. Let's talk about the cost of situation. The cost of situation. Okay. Yeah. Anybody, did you heard anything about this girl? Is she, I mean, cost you fourth work. What? $300 million. They're potentially big payday there. Right. I mean, I understand, you know, it's an additional proven guilty. You know, I cost you maybe a little freaky dc, but at the same time. Yeah. Could you be market? Yeah, of course. Okay, like it. I'm going to see, here's the deal. I don't, this business of just jumping conclusions. I mean, there is this story. He said this. He didn't say anything yet. And who knows? I don't know. Do you know? No, I don't know about. You're talking to all you. Not when you go out. I mean, you've got to be thinking about that, right? Thinking about what? As a celebrity, you know, somebody saying, say, you know, say you're out at a bar, whatever and you have a couple of drinks with somebody, whatever. You know, grab their genders. Well, I would be very believable. Probably if they look good. Yeah. They don't think they found it. They found it. Someone who is partially accused, you know, I just hope that the public doesn't jump to conclusions like to do with everybody else in this shit. We were falsely accused. Yes, I was. I was in our in college, many moons ago and there was a student who was, well, she was emotionally disturbed and she was filling our courses and she was a smart girl. Right. And she decided that, oh, easy target. You know, one of the resident advisors. She said that I had a salt to there. And of course, I was vindicated. But not after, you know, seven months of, you know, being dragged. Yeah. I wanted to take this personally. But now as a Michigan State, we hate to be RAs. I guess that's true everywhere. You know, it's a certain amount of resentment to you. Well, yeah. The resentment is no, it's not due to, it's to put me through college and for me. I don't think that I'm too bad. I'm just suggested that, you know, probably there are a lot of people didn't like the RAs. You know, so he had extra motor. Yeah, I was cool RAs, okay. I was a real cool RAs. Okay. I believe you. Yeah, I have a great day man. I don't know if you go to the right. Okay. Great. Cross your fingers and your legs. Sam prayer for Bill Cosby. Jellow. J.E. L.O. How's that go? That put in J.I. I don't know. Putting pops all the Jellow crap. I just don't like Bill Cosby. I'm, yeah, I'm pleased that he said a lot of stuff. He spoke and out last year or two about things in the dark community that need to be addressed. Need to be said. He's taking a lot of crap for that. But, you know, whatever your take is on that, that's a side from this. Plus we don't know if this is a white chick, a black chick, a, wait, no, it's just, I mean, since he's in the Toronto area could be anything. I mean, we got, you name it, we got it. We got Indians. We got Packies. We got Filipinos. We got the, uh, Italians. We got Russians. We got, uh, you, you name it. Loaded. We got a few dark folks. I mean, anything you could imagine. We got it. That's why I have to laugh my ass when they talk about well, soft Florida, such a multi cultural area. I can be a break, multi cultural, my ass. God. You got, you got basically three categories that we got. Latinos, Anglo's, and dark folks. That's it. What else you got? Dude. They're not, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and. Those are Anglo's man. White folks. Okay. White folks. Dark folks in Latino folks. So you're, so you're not from the Middle East. You started again when I do start? I didn't start it. Do you hear that? Gosh. I did. Boy. This man just cannot be strain, and no one do you like Prince Harry. So I can't- Well, I was at up for the Middle East. Boy, you like that battenberg crowd there, an England so much. In fact, once you instead of gotting all these great places that we studied about Goat London, man. Go visit fucking Palace. Lower eastern sweep. Go visit the Queen. An all the other Queen's hand on that joint. Come exam after 11 and five, 60wいき, to QA and we got to an hour and forty minutes until rainy time. Other rains of course start downloading at one. But yeah, it'll be very shortly thereafter. They used to come racing in there. Oh, God, look at this. We did great. We did crap, you know. I had a bad mistake. I loved the building heat on all my water sleepin. Bad idea. Yeah, it is. Because I got a little space heater, very nice one. We'll have to collect one in my bedroom, which I only keep on when I'm sleeping over. But I'd give it nice and toasty. It would take the chilly edge off when it's 80 below zero. But I kept the whole building heat on there. And that is, it just blows that garbage, man. It blows. It blows. No, it really does. All the sudden. How come the air conditioning doesn't do the same thing? There's special reason you're the expert on this crap because it's on more optimum. So it's already blown out. Is that what it is? Yeah. Well, the heat's been on here a couple of months when you think by night at all the schmutz would have gotten blown out. You'd probably have my nice thing in the other room there. What do they call that thing? I bought the, I got the re-oisetizer. The poison breeze between your knees. It's great. Hey, the animal of course wants to wish everybody a happy new year. And they're proud to announce you can still enjoy lobster fest at the coast every Friday through Sunday. And will coast is absolutely Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet. And that's not just my opinion. And that's as written by, does it get restaurant reviews that people really know their cramp? In addition, animal coast, all you can eat buffet now can enjoy succulent juicy mean lobster, served thermonore style, start your mouth rotting experience with your choices, six different soups. Try all of them if you like. Put a little bit in your purse. Then sample dozens of oriental treats including fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce. An old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce. Also enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over 30 different items. About 30 men. And after traveling all of this delicious fresh good stuff down your throat, plus a lot of things I didn't even have time to talk about. And will coast is done incredible out of the world of Zurt Bar for you to try. I featuring ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Tour of Masu, those great little, uh, a clears. And a brand new, stably art chocolate fondou fondou. When in doubt, just let that stuff drip out. Don't forget the Emma Cosporus, healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol, free canola oil, no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap. It's good for you. There's just a ton of it. And if delicious too. Emma Cosporus, three locations for you. They're in sunrise. Sunnyhouse Beach in Pember Pines. If you want to go pick out this weekend to celebrate QAMS gigantic ratings that are coming out on a clock, head for the Emerald Coat for reservations called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22-9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. And Richard at the Emma Cosporus elect me to remind you that it's January 21. And the least still haven't lost a game. It's you listening to new Roger. You're going to be a school student. I'm on 566. A QAMS. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Hey, dude. Hey, could I eat? She's not too bad. No. Yeah. Okay. When you get in bed with her. The minute you find she's cold when you're hot. Then you can start to dump her for someone better. And when your relationship with them, they do begin to love for someone who sadly hold her. People might have been bored if you win. The sexiest man he goes on sin. You might find someone with bigger, bolder. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey, dude. You might be like a cat. It's the end of the fucker like people matter. The minute you hit from the inside. They break apart and sign your divorce papers. You're too well. I'm pretty good at that. Okay. I'm a school of 113. 1118 at 566. If you're unhappy, the sun is shining here. It's 140 years below zero. 75 degrees of Miami today. Not a bad day, I guess. No, it's good. Well, there's not everything, man. Whether it's new everything. Just ask Bill Cosby. He'll tell you. Well, last guys got a good point. I mean, anybody that's wealthy anywhere. So well, I'm so liberty. I mean, there's always some money grabbing bitch. That's just standing by waiting to hop on a bad wagon, waiting to like exploit. And, you know, for fun and profit. I don't want to profit by it. And when it says he Jackson owned a love child is like, you know, he admits to him fesses up to it. I mean, what are we talking about? Hey Reverend Jackson, Reverend Jackson, Reverend Swagger, Reverend Baker. All these men at the club, which reminds me of, by the way, got a store in a church counselor charged with having sex with teens from the Palm Beach Post historic game. Four peers, a church youth counselor was arrested Wednesday on charges. He had sex with two teen girls. He supervised one of the St. loosely County Sheriff's Office. Christopher T. Paget 19 was arrested on two counts of ludinal serious molestation after 14 year old girl told her mother that she and another girl who are partly youth group at glad tidings, pedicocial church had sex with Paget in his car according to a sheriff's office report released yesterday. Oh God, that's good. Damn, you're good. Oh yeah, oh God, that's good. Praise the Lord. The two girls involved in the mother who filed a report or not identified in the reports. The girl told her mother the incident happened after she and her friend was 15 as Paget for a ride to a friend's house on December 19 and investigated be seen. While they were on Ruth, a subject of sexual activity have been brought up in conversation to take to Mark Carlangelo wrote and pagets arrest, I've been dated. The three of them ultimately found a secluded location in St. Lucy County and both females had sexual intercourse with Paget. Well, what's it like? Well, let's go find out, you know? The girls mother called the sheriff's office on January 6th in Collangelo met with Paget Wednesday and he's out of the story Collangelo wrote, Paget admitted having sex with both girls. He stated he knows what he did was wrong. He's in school who just passed her by, oh oh that should like he all at all over shouldn't it? He knows what was wrong. He has since spoken to his pastor about the incident. Two full messages he can come in from someone at the church when I return Thursday. Paget was spoken to the county jail about noon Wednesday, released an hours later after posting 20 grand bail. How do you like that? He's 19, they were 14. I mean that's you know, it's a marginal I would say right? So you get to law? Right? Yeah. Well, I mean if he was 19, they were 16, we like a little bit closer to the wereceptive or right? Right. I'm trying to like, you know, find some rationale here for this kid. He's 19 years old. He's with was horny and maybe God told him to do a God said give it a try. See what it's like. See what it's like and if you like the first check then try the second one. Maybe that one will be just as good. Maybe even better. Right? Absolutely. I'm going to make it right past you and he'll let's say, oh, I bless you my child and we'll give you a couple of y'all. Again, if it was a Catholic priest, he probably would like first you know, do a few hail marries. He didn't rub his nose or his ribbees and then molest him. Nice, probably too old. Maybe molest the girls. Nice right there. Girls. 560560. 550. Oh, I love Catholic priest and I'm most of them are like they're pretty one dimensional. Well, speaking of girls, university of Texas grad Jenna Bush might be getting a little lost in translation. You hear the story about her sign, her high sign? No, no. Standing on stage with her dad, the president, Mont Laura and sister Barbara, the Texas State Society's Black Tie and Boots ball wins tonight. And again, yesterday is a Texas band for a late at past the president's review of a Reboot in Stan. The blonde Bush twin Ray to right hand high in the air and lifted her picky and index fingers. Okay. Texas recognized Jenna's hook and horns hand sign is sure as importantly, University of Texas law and words football team, but deaf people use American sign language, easily identify the sign for volal Schmidt. The concept? Yeah. Satan. Right. One of the artificial centers for the inauguration interpreted the presence of the rest on the west front of the Catholic and confirmed to me the Volvane Expresswinter. Staphers at the New York School for the F and New York Society for the deaf Snickers. The first ladies press secretary Gordon John were reacted with a surprised giggle. Jenna was using the Fook him horned sign and there were a lot of Texans in the room said, John, or himself a UT grad, Texans have been known to be, I say every once in a while. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, but it's a really interesting stuff in here. And this, this is a column by Lloyd Grove in New York, Daily News. Let's say, I don't want to read this stuff about Chuck Schumer, I got the idea. And we're the other good thing in here. Oh, here it is. Has Indie movie star Steve Buschemey, Joyce Buschimi, joined Tom Cruise and John to roll to the religion of Elron Hubbub. Oh, no. Steve Buschimi, San 8th, so Steve, the January issue of celebrity, the official magazine of the Church of Scientology celebrity, center in an actual claim that one Steven Buschimi has just completely pure application run down procedure, a regiment of summer treatments running and nious and for doing duck deeds. Well, nice and you know, my chief flush. Yeah, kind of eating at the Burger King, a massive flush a lot. A low-down Scientology inside a report that it's the same controversial treatment that Tom Cruise had been pushing on the New York firefighters as a detoxification treatment. Oh, getting that closet again, Tom, maybe for somebody to discover is yesterday Buschimi's PR told low-down. I checked it out with him and it's 100% not to say a different Steve Buschimi. Wow. A flag-footed celebrity center, said it was house policy, not to confirm word and I anything unless a celebrity goes public. Also, it says, looks like pop movie director Brett Ratner could be very creative to get what he wants, chatting with the mommy new times about prospect of his pale Anthony Schriver, running for governor of Florida, Ratner, free to confesses, I lost my virginity by saying I was funny. How can we do that girls in bed when I was growing up? Anybody out there can't get laid just tell you a body Kennedy, Jr. Workblock and charm, unless, of course, you're ugly or maybe just 40 in doubt, or whatever might be. Let's get going. We've got a great story. Dick Clarkson, Brad<|vi|>, we'll take some calls first. See as my vagabond those in New Good News, he and the gang. I got his pictures to lie. But Dick Clarkson, Brad, changed to make so for it. He spent two small potatoes. They's like 100 now, that was true. Why would he make a story like that up? What historical event do you least believe could have happened? The reelection of George W. Bush 110. The resurrection of Jesus 73. 9. Love you. You got to believe baby. Got to have faith. Got to have believe. 9. Love it 28. O.J. gets to quit 23. That's moving up there nicely. QN gets his act together 19. Yeah, we don't believe that because we know it will never happen. Mike P. O.J. gets married 15. Mike P. O.J. gets married to Miami. January 31. Oh, my God. I thought he said Chris Ben Affleck. He was going to get married too about 40 times. And then he happened. Man walks on the moon eight. Noah's arc seven. Assassinations of the 60s fly. The Holocaust four and Vietnam War is only got one. Solomon, take Uno. WQAM Hello. George my friend. WQAM Hello. Will you come and see me? Well, maybe 50,000. WQAM Hello. Yeah. I can't believe you're a sound. He went to the left. I mean, we had bad machines. We had different franchise. We couldn't let the black people roll. We did eight hours. Let me say this. I'm surprised that more than 10,000 people could have been that stupid. The vote for this lunatic man. Tom, do this. You know, what is it? What does it say when the religious writers in charge and his state of the union or his agnogal dress is all about the war? Yeah, right there you go. You know what God said, smite all your enemies man. That's what we're doing. We're smiting all the evildoers. Good luck in policy. Right at the border with some fellow pops. Putting pops. Whatever that crap is that he's been penalized. No, this has got to get the evil in Bill Crosby. I'm sorry that right now. I mean, I haven't even been to this racial stuff he's been talking about. But that, you know, that awful show. The Bill Crosby show what had huckstable to crack. That was one of the war shows in the history of TV. I mean, it's garbage. I don't know any black people who number one act like that. And number two are named Huckstable. And number three, the yellow stuff. I mean, somebody's going to really punish his ass. He's been like burning hell just for the yellow stuff. Plus he's not funny. I mean, that's just, that's on time. But he was good and I spy with Robert Cullt. That's a cop show. She didn't like it. Right. But it was a good show. He was very good. And how many years ago was that? About 30 man. He's then not so good. Sure, listen to me. He told me, oh, Roger. Exclusively. On five six. She was in. So. He's the final. The Christian's part. Why are you going over to hell with me? Oh, my God. The Christian's part. And where'd you bring the bitches back? Oh, I'd tell you. I'm proud to drive the world to roll over the sky. Oh, you won't be told to force those girls that never go down. Oh, my God. The Christian's part. The Christian's part. And the Christian's part. And the Christian's part. Oh, I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. I'd tell you. Don't come unto me. Well, then, I'd tell you. The Christian's part. Oh, gosh. It's a I have a good day as you go. You're right. You have to want to get there, kids. Wait, put the button on the back side of this. Throw it right to the lower toe. And the four give you. With your choice so closely, you point it to you. Throw me, don't get me down. With the five little show. And there's more to really never win. Bring it, throw it. Whoa, keep your shine. With your shining palm. With your bold palm. And the hell will you die? Who gives this land? With your palm. With your shining palm. With your glitter. What's calling? Let's give you a 50 days of saving. That's what it's all about. Praise the Lord. Right. Dick Clark is in bad shape. He might start making his, What does it always say make your right with the Lord? Right. He doesn't do this. It sounds like that. Yeah. Anyway, Dick Clark vatels new medical set packs. since an additional inquire in the inquire don't make mistakes. as pleased about it and so are we. Making peace. And now he's been the make peace for the Lord before it's too late, Dick. And now Dick Clark's been rocked by new setback. He's been rock solid. Rocked. Well, he was on American bands and all those years, huh? Right. They bought me beloved entertainers, suffers from type 2 diabetes and the condition in sampling is recovered from stroke theme, whereas under exclusively the mega producer, famed for his annual years Eve show suffered two strokes in succession early December and was hospitalized more than a month later. Well, still hospitalized unable to talk or walk. The impar has learned that I've been his company that is treatment. It's really bad especially when he needs to be turtled by the half gallon. He's a very sick man and the family is a scared revealed a family friend. They're keeping quiet about how he's really doing officially. This thing he's on the man. He's doing just fine. Oh, we're fine. But truth is he isn't okay. He's virtually a prisoner trapped in his own body. How do you like that? That'll teach him to mess with Michael Moore. He's the prisoner. Yeah, he all looked like Patrick McGoing to me. I'll say that. But he does look like number two. He's going to say that. Yeah, he looks exactly like number two. Yeah, I just dumped it. I didn't. Yeah, I'm getting even better. That was the right choice Josh. I think back on as every flag that was the right choice. When he's out, not even close. It was not a raspberry. It was definitely a screema blast. Yeah. A fog orange in early January. The source he still couldn't talk and was paralyzed as diabetes is compromising his chances of recovery. Oh, right. Diabetes are greatly increased and have a risk of strokes in a lab medical as a stroke is at a greater risk of dying or becoming permanently disabled as results, a medical perver experts. What a diabetic has a stroke for treatment of both conditions becomes more complicated and risky. Diabetes are four more at risk of developing bleeding in the brain, a dangerous complication of new clot-lusting stroke treatments. And certain drugs for diabetes have been linked to congestive heart failure. The 75-year-old music legend Clark has been suffering from a type to diabetes in 1994, but we didn't to last you to public the disclosive medical condition as if it's like some kind of a like a dark mark on your sole or something. I mean, a big deal. Weated to the disclosure. You know, everyone on Larry King like, oh, do you? What am I going to do that? Yeah, remember that? No, I don't watch Larry King. Well, I'm not saying you watched it, but you heard it. Yeah. I talked about it on a show. It was on a like, oh, gee, I'm diabetic. Well, I think that's like saying I got, I got blue eyes. You know, it was, what's all? What are we going to do about it? Like everybody's supposed to like sit around and ring their hands because of diabetes? And April 2004, when he first spoke out about being diabetic, thick said, two thirds of the people would die. Maybe he's die of heart disease or stroke, and that caused a big red fact flag to jump up in my life. I said, I got to be more serious about my exercise and diet. A show was inside or who has worked with Clark Holy and Quarra, big-stuy, better condition as interfered with the medicines that he would normally be prescribed after a stroke because of his diabetes. He has been able to take full advantage of all the aggressive new therapies which treat strokes. That means also we can see a me. Crap, you know what? Diabetic skin looks like a hundred if they take care of it and don't eat too much. And it's especially not too much score ice cream. After being hospitalized at St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, Dix condition was so serious. The only individuals a lot of is in worse life Carl, Terry, Carl, industry, children. The outlook was so grim and when I see this is bad, I'm sitting here laughing at a man that's going to die pretty soon. Man, the outlook was so grim at one point that family and friends for the worst. He wouldn't come home from the hospital. That votes another family friend. Doctors have tried to balance the medication for his heart while regulating his blood sugar levels to keep the diabetes and check and that's hand for an a speedy recovery. His family is terribly worried about this slow progress. But they don't want to see how to stress they are. They're trying to remain cheerful and upbeat to him about his progress. And he and the meantime is going like, mm, it's interesting. Like that. Like Terry Chavo. They also know that Dick, what a television's business and most successful producers will have to slow down when he gets out of the hospital and they're concerned about his ability to shift in the low gear. So the source maybe he can take a job at his own place. They're the Fudgeri and Detroit. And then Pontiac. Yeah. The Fudgeri. He's pretty good at Fudgeri and the truth. Because of work a hall if you would have to lead a different life and not get involved in business. But his whole life has been about his career. When we cover his God willing, we won't see much of them, but I don't know if that's a kind of quite life Dick can lead. The stroke was serious for a man of his age who would help issues. Everyone's hoping for the best. Let's get to his anything else in the employer worth the while. Sharon's going at war with ex-Hubby over-cestinators son. Anybody care about that? No. No. Affleck, stripper dances her way in the new career. Yeah, right. Like Lee Story. Actually runs crying to Jessica over her orange bull disaster. To Mad. Yeah. You suck honey. You couldn't sing you out of a paper sack. Let's see. The A.V.ator com com's mile-high bus stop. Don't care. Not just in Leo. Anybody out there that is interested in Leo. You're either some 10 year old girl or your dad. And I'm I'm still interested. See anything? There are a couple of things that are pretty weak issue by the way. Oh Jesus. How did I miss Christ? Well, how did I miss that yesterday? I'm busy now, okay. All right. Desperate housewives, Hunk Dad is a tragic crack addict. But he refuses to ask you some for help. There's a picture here of Jesse Medcaff, you know, um, um, don't make you all from passions. No. Yeah, you do. Or you can talk about it all the time, but I don't know what he looks like. Well, believe me, uh, I know what he looks like. And so does everybody else that watches either either sure or both. So is a crack addict? No, he's not a crack addict. He doesn't want to anything that would hurt Jesse. Man, oh man. Anyway, it says, um, Desperate housewives, star Jesse Medcaff has a tragic family secret. His father's addicted to crack cocaine broke as lost in iron and brawling, but convicted from his apartment. I bet you played the slots one time. That's what Katie Sorosan told us. That's what you did to be. But Jeffrey Medcaff refuses to ask for help from his son who plays hunkie gardener John. On the hit show and used to play Miguel on passions. See, there's two brothers on a show on passions because it's a, it's a spoof, you know, it's a, it's a hoot and a holler and her names are Luis and Miguel. Got it? Got it. Jeffrey is going to die soon because the things that he's doing prepared Robert de Reardon a long time friend and former landlord in the London Connecticut. I used to make him to get in touch with the son. I touched his son. Oh, man. I touched him until he was like black and blow until he couldn't walk no more. But anyways, I used to make him to get in touch with the son, but Jeffrey's refused. He said, they don't, they didn't get along. When contacted by the inquiry, Jeffrey said, I love Jesse and I'm very proud of what he's managed to do, but we haven't spoken for many years. He doesn't need to know what's happened. He needs to get on with his own life. It's not his best interest to get involved with me. Well, look at this evidence of a brawl, dried blood on a chair and Jeffrey's apartment. It's got a picture right here. Jeffrey says your Pam Loweir and her husband, Jim, of lunch, Jeffrey Stainer, home and nearby water for it since he was evicted. He was why do anything that would hurt Jesse? Pam told the inquiry. He doesn't feel it would be appropriate to her to him in any way. Jeffrey hasn't seen his son since he spoke with his mother Nancy, whom he never married when Jesse was five. And his life really went down the tubes after he was fired from his job as a long-shore amount of friend told the inquiry. I'm saving this picture for posterity. He was smoking crack cocaine. They did the random drug test that came up positive for a cocaine. What is a picture of Jeffrey right here? He lost an eye in a violent robbery in his apartment. He's got one eye. He's doing crack cocaine. He doesn't have any money. He's living with some friends that are putting him up. But he had the nice doing pretty good. Oh, we're fine. Jeffrey was given the option of going to rehab or losing his job. He didn't start or we covered program but he dropped out. Somehow I look at the two pictures they're side by each. It's kind of hard to relate to, you know? Maybe Jeffrey looked better once upon a time. He couldn't look no worries before you had that eye out. Right. That's right. Jeffrey's former landlord, the reading of his job. Back and because he wasn't working from pay is rent. October 23, Jeffrey let some so-called friends who was a part of his a violent robbery. I heard yelling and screaming and chairs flying that I heard a blood purdling yell from Jeffrey. I called 911 but before the police named it was about there. Two guys are blowing around on Jeffrey's front door. They couldn't have been druggedy. I was just, you think? You know that crowd. I like that. Jeffrey was standing there with his eyeball, dangling from his face. Permetic source of the hospital, but doctors couldn't save his eye. Or quite safe. Maybe he was those druggedy lists from rules of attraction. You know? Remember? He was stopped off the air for quick transaction. Yeah. Well, Jeffrey was still in the hospital. Well, Jeffrey was still in the hospital. I went to his apartment to clean up. There was drive blood all over the place. Empty packets and drugs and drug paraphernalia. There was so much rubbish in the bedroom that he slept on the couch instead. Jeffrey now has a false eye. Off was good enough for Sammy Davis and Columbus. Good enough for Jeffrey. It's Andy. Right. And it's trying to get help from the estate cleaning he was a victim of a crime. Landlord served an election notice on Jeffrey in mid-Dovember, which mentioned the drugs and drug paraphernalia and rent in part. I asked no drugs, prostitutes, but Jeff has people in and out all during the night. When told about Jeffrey said situation by the inquirer, Jesse's ghost first and said that this would house wife star had no comment. He's mom. Jeffrey's friend added, Jeffrey watches Jesse 26 on television. He's very proud of him. But he doesn't want to call Jesse because he doesn't want to know what his eluser is father is. Sometimes Jeffrey wishes he'd been a bigger part of Jesse's life growing up, but there's nothing you do about that now. Wow. Let me just turn that picture. Oh, gee, I can't do that because Johnny Carson's secret medical emergency is on the other side. Dale Morning the son e You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at you, you need to look at you You'll try and give away much, you whatever you call The country is just a matter of discharacterial All your life, you can no better silence ...and be away from the side you are your country's worst woman You need to look at you, you need to look at you You need to look at the you, you need to look at me I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm 2640 alone at 560 WMF 733 votes on a cold One historical event you will least believe couldn't happen We election drawer WHW Bolshevik and of course they had that crank going on off the moon and she's got her dark shades on and she's got her little camera there and they're interviewing her oh this is so exciting and suddenly there he is our president oh my god I wanted to puke up all of that and this leads to her ice cream and those little uh and now I know what they call them candy chunks man we like to judge double bush on written theory we cannot believe it resurrection of Jesus 82 kind of a hard story to swallow oh Jay gets to put in 38 9, 11, 34, Q, I'm getting his act together not turned man no was our helicopter way a John Schultd arc a RC like a circle like electricity right like an arc of electricity arc is a arc a is an arc like a ship you know like a uh okay 20 I just passing this along with like a predicated little like a free education Mike P. Otchigus married 16 oh boy after all those things about him okay see that proves it to me man walks on a moon 11 the holocaust six assassinations of the sixties five and they get no more only one I guess it's very believable because we've been in so many uh you know unacceptable and unnecessary and the needless wars but swing way on the other side of this picture in fact a picture from the show um when I said start watching it show although he was always naked on a passions too no shows he's a great actor right right well I mean if you can't at least look good naked man and so they parade you around the pants you around when you're sure it off all the time it says tour to fair Jesse and Evelyn Gory have a steamy elicip liaison on the hit show and the reason we know that this is fiction is because in real life he wouldn't touch it with your hand cheese you know who that is Evelyn Gory yeah yeah that's it not much he's far he's a lot prettier and she is I don't know what he looks like well trust me believe me anybody would see even you would admit even Joshua the minute even on my favorite for his image Johnny Carson secret medical emergency he looks like Stan major here wow all puffed up man the photo of Johnny taking two days before his ordeal shows how bloated he's become due to illness his faces like uh wow like Chris Myers disease like somebody put a bicycle pumping a back of his neck and just blew it up like to relus and he's got a puppet too the beloved tonight show star was unable to breathe TV legend Johnny Carson was rushed to the hospital on January 5th in a life or death medical crisis the car has learned exclusively we've got the full romantic story of the beloved entertainer secret hospitalization which is badly shaken they soon had an annual performer and is concerned family Johnny was chronic infosema see all new people in the bag it's smoking and puffed away and those bags stop chronic infosema lung cancer infosema just a host of horrendous things from puffed on those uh on that weed man not not not on that weed sensor no not not that anyway he's got chronic infosema and history of heart problems was wielding new secret sign-up medical center doctors attached him to a heart monitor and worked quickly to stabilize his breathing the crisis was compounded by his medical history Johnny suffered a heart attack in March 99 it led to a quadruple bypass and he was diagnosed with infosema well what's the name of that bit and to see the girl no no we have one with that no the girl with the infosema right so the next two days and see your sign-up one more time or a little Johnny was just for the next two days and see your sign-up was placed under post observation as if we see premen who is a lot of return home January 7 but is still reeling from the ordeal say sources he's reeling from it really after the medical drowley Johnny said I couldn't breathe I thought I was dying and inside and told the inquiry Johnny's a fighter but this is pretty a shake him up pretty big time he thinks it was a close call he's genuinely afraid the next crisis could be his last the years of heavy smoking and drinking ah she have taken their tool what did I say yesterday booze and cigarettes go hand in hand man a glass in one hand and a bag in the other a photo of Johnny taking this two days before his health crisis is he was entering a malibu movie theater offer a rare glimpse of the reclusive starzy appears today oh man not good not looking good looks just like stand major he's bloated in barrel chest and infosema sometimes causes a swollen appearance because the lungs are chronically overinflated with air Johnny used to keep in great shade plain tennis almost every day but the infosema made a difficult for him to exercise his love for gourmet food is not the minister contributing to his weight problem he's got a pupic tiny suddenly began experiencing severe breeding problems on January 15 he was worth to the emergency woman really bad shape this low-view insider he was shaking and action when he was admitted Johnny's family was scared to death reveal the close source they feared the worst believing he could easily suffer another heart attack and this time and as we can stay Johnny might not make it aren't you getting emotional about this yeah there is Johnny oh choked up that's what the doctor is immediately hooked him up to a heart monitor and he rained on until he was discharged and pc microsted the gradual destruction of the lungs tiny air sacks and there's nothing worse than when your sack gets destroyed you know it and patience become more and more short of breath say medical experts overtime the body and the heart girl weaker and there's an increasing risk of heart attack maybe what's your name in that movie um uh the hand that rocks to create light infosema or she just never has my that was all the good last thing she had like that for my psychic powers there again that's I like that's good movie the scene that's the best is when her girlfriend goes looking for in the um what would you call a house the home house yeah and opens up the door ah oh don't see her no more and I still say that that actress whatever her name is he looks just like Hillary what's her name again Rebecca the lord Rebecca the more name you don't think you know see the resemblance mm no for a crap an advanced stage is any minor illness or build up a mucus and lungs contradictory life for death crisis often in a good heart failure for amphasemiax fortunately the avantulture host responded about a treatment once he was stabilized he was a joy to the staff at see this continued the insider he's a sweet man in fact and McMahon was there at the door going here's Johnny you think he was no he's a sweet man his might is still sharp his eyes still have that twinkle but it's clear that he's been in the ground for the time with that was really bad when it's got him terrified he told a pal at the trouble fitting not to be able to breathe something we take for granted he admitted he was a very lucky man this time oh and see usually when i read these stories are to take him in terror often through a moyle was it didn't do with that time because the other side is that picture i'm putting that right or here in a special spot five's out there i'm telling you now you see that he put it there it takes it takes uh somebody pretty damn special good to get me uh that interest in believing me oh Julia and mom it wore over her twins we don't care about her doing so to wrap it up it's not like her she's fine but you know boring x-restler Johnny Laura busted for brawling with both oh gripper yeah that's a she ain't big form a per wrestler Johnny Laura was sent a hold off in handcuffs or hang her boyfriend but in an exclusive encounter with a brawny beauty says her only regret is that she didn't beat him to a pulp for boeshawn what so the fans is china johnny was arrested on the news or is that touchy oh china johnny was arrested new year's the after she and wrestler x-pack aka Sean Walman gunner to a fight over her for a company called the cops in the westward home yes i bitch slag john confessed johnny who started to you started to get her from us the real life for he pushed me to it he just respected me i wish i wouldn't hit him hard right over the ball i know interest let's see never lose your head again there's a thing you stick up your pesto is it you know makes him come back home all the time but baby snatching murder mom didn't kill alone all bread and jense final showed on the verse and jelina jolie do you know that yeah yeah i get the start oh well excuse me the angel angely joliz dinner for one to be an a-list actress Brad wanted a family and he wanted angelina bad well there's nothing in here man there's nothing about Michael Jackson the pre-trial hearing by the way starts today and the Michael Jack oh here you go hear something about bro yeah this is big stuff good old bro for he celebrates his amazing recovery maybe he's getting baptized his isn't the water there with the sick free the uh uh chico group or whatever his name is his boyfriend yeah in this whim right way to the camera he gets a little help from sick free the water good old bro he's hard to sick free the fish baca her uh chico grouper treated his partially paralyzed partner roy harming to a fun in the sun vacation the sperm of the moment get away to Mexico is Royce first vacation since he was near fatal mulling on October 3rd 2003 bro exclusive and choir photo show the strides of six year-old performers made but he's still gonna get into a wheelchair nearly full time bro yeah but uh what's the name god of the wheelchair on tachians he just got up and walked the tells me name same as a girlfriend x-wife i heard of camp and i'm a quite a while now i know you're watching that religiously every day and going to the problem oh Scott Peter there's the last story i know the audience is getting peed with his crap because it's all boring well the thing about Dick Clark was reassuring and he's sorry and the thing about tears Johnny and we're not Johnny just fine i'm happy it's hardly overrated but yeah i got no problem with Johnny that was still afraid tears i don't like him and man too much i don't like professional ass kisses he made he made millions just being an ass kiss yeah plus not only that boozer and then of course that american family sweep states whatever that crap is you know who else was involved in that no come on i just said his name like a minute ago did Clark over the right american public family sweep states what were you twenty three dollars if you just buy six hundred magazines and fill this thing out and put a bunch of stamps on here we might wait you just one forty billion dollars Scott Peterson as a secret char with another woman how do you like that oh my god anybody care about Scott Peterson no let me know when they give them the needle right we'll watch that and in credit no i all administered an incredible development in the lacy Peterson crime segment the impar was learned exclusively as always that Scott family's been contacted by mail inform that Scott has a teenage son the letter rags anywhere third of the humble one of Scott's siblings Scott's relative was stunned him was shaking while reading letter letter was written by the teenage boy who says he will take a DNA test to prove that Scott's father there's a picture of Scott in senior high school boy he sure was ugly and he's like yeah not a he's an average kind of boring looking guy not a bad looking guy but boy he sure was a geek in high school maybe that was the problem you know a lot of geeks they want to prove something so they got there and square everything with a screw down a quarter or the kilton a quarter letter the boy was told Scott got his mother pregnant when they both of the San Francisco some fourteen years ago Scott was sixteen the girl was fourteen well that's you know right right below but anyway so there's the deal on that and I think she just wants some money just like that the bitch with the poor bill caused me you know what we're gonna put in pops you ever each all put in pops no I can't say that I have well let me just tell you right now what all the respect to bill caused me if you eat y'all put in pops someday I guarantee you will die est super spring mirror asi you We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who have so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. We've got a lot of people who are so proud. We've got a lot of people who are so proud of us. If they give us a chance to release, then thatís our line of task. You know, we might feel free of luck. If some yummy things we're gonna be doing... Give orương will bequality. I'm sorry. Right, Roy time is flying today and of course our apologies for killing that last hour with all our inquiries stuff I thought there was a pretty interesting stuff in here. First of that picture. But anyway Hey listen to me when I tell you wow five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty And he Verizon and sing it around his lines. Let's crack these phones up and get another hundred things for our pool. What do you say? Huh? I think we've only had one have only one attack on there the QM hits the tank together. What else do we have called in? Look I believe that's the only one. Yeah, so time to uno But that's okay. I think those other ones are pretty damn good five six seven No, we had two because we had the O. Okay, it gets a good idea. Oh Jay. Oh Jay. WQAM Hello Thank you. WQM Wait man. Nobody there. Look at that no call. Oh, that's bad. That's the inquirer thing. So Chased them all away. We've net the board new choir stuff about the dick Clark and about Johnny Carson here is Johnny WQAM Hello Okay, for a talk about the things Ricky Williams leaving no The he came check yeah, and 9 love and son okay 12 3 and bad redgy Williams Redgy white what was he talking about redgy white croaking? So what did he say Ricky Williams? Oh Ricky. I thought he said redgy. I don't know what he's talking I was like whispering you like people still in therapy over that Ricky Williams quits football Moses second one the heat gets checked. Oh, and he could check oh yeah, and he could check that's shocking can't believe it I cannot believe it and I'm loving son. It's not gonna too many votes 5 6 7 0 5 60 Palm 5 60 only Verizon and singular minus line my bad that inquire hour should have saved that for like after the ratings come up WQA hello Yes, sir. I got an idea for a poll for you. Yeah people who like a dead person who probably wouldn't be as famous as they are Unless they had died like Andrews, you know you think he'd be People who became more famous after death. I like that. Yeah, right? Right? You heard about your skull and rehab. Yeah Thanks a lot people became more famous after death. I better I like to write these down Okay, because you know with my Alzheimer's even when I think of my forgetting like 10 seconds later What exactly WQA and hello have you ever seen the ring Falling down Thank you in the night I love it. That was a beautiful thing here is Johnny. I can't stop thinking that now. I don't know why WQA I'm hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It's a week WQA I'm hello. I know yes, sir. I could trust myself a beat in that would just did 20 is public service and then They opened up a new public right front of my house So yeah, they got open up a little restaurant there not not a food chain, but like the nice one I go apply for it. I put Monday to Friday One's time. So they're training a group of people and they obviously they have their staff and Also, I'm like The guys like why didn't you put that weekend? I'm like well, you know, I'm working to just do Monday to Friday week days I have weekends off a second Well, we can't usually you know I'm like well listen if you wanted an alternate or somebody for weekend What he was my time for it's telling me Anyway, it was always peanut butter that made the clock and my dog come off Peanut butter that'll do it. Okay, right? That was good. Wow five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon I bet you know we're kind of peanut butter. What's kippy? Yeah, my first off name is kippy. WQM line nine. Hello And yeah, I was going pretty good. I want to rip your station But if you ever heard I never heard of remote being done from a grocery store all come on I love manage, but first throw it was baby. I mean We go now. We're just as we can wait till we do it from the first seafood to promise we will smell it over to radio Oh, they got some nice sushi over there who man Hey, run a wolf is the Andy Christ And we know that Pete Boulder was like her her assistant five six seven oh five sixty pound fine That I know who that was two that was one of our who was that one of our I would be people obviously Yeah, that was one of the tax and people started very familiar me. Maybe that was Andy Scourge That was somebody we worked with I recognize that voice. Who was that maybe was the engineer? Maybe we've owned the sales holes. Huh, it was pd Lini now Who was that I don't know I'm searching now. It's keep my curiosity well think about it WQM hello have a close in a smile WQM hello You know that's why I'm still can't believe that okay and In closing George I want you inside me There you go man. It's not even water five. Everybody's getting profit. What do you want? Oh Five six seven. Oh five sixty were they ready for that not but you weren't how much he is though I don't like it. Really one historical event you least believe could have happened The reelection of George W. Boych a fate worst in death itself 155 Resurrection of Jesus speaking of death itself 96 he made it come back. Oh, Jake gets acquitted 50 QA and gets his snack together 39 Oh, yeah, hold your breath for that one 9 11 38 Noah's arc 24 spills still spoke with a seat Mike P. As he gets married 17 man walks on the Kakamol and 13 the Holocaust nine The assassinations of the 60s five and he could check is already got a pair. I like that He just got through a Senate. It's already got a pair. Rick you Williams leave the dolphins too and be it now more Solumenti Uno still still only one WQA Yes, they're speaking Are you looking a wind tunnel or something? That is windy There we go now. That's all better. There we go. Yeah, oh God. Yes, why did I move though? I should have recently I came down our vacation all these years just said look there how would someone move your car I'm okay. You were like yes. I was I got out baby Peter's why is it so in Europe Canada what do you do I understand? I'm right here. I'm there, you know Peter's gonna get off the hook when they appeal that thing They said I'm not it They didn't I mean they could together to hold things it told you to overturn that thing I mean I think I was helping don't get me wrong yeah But when you know when I just did another justice gets his hands on this thing You know that goes out for appeal if you can't control the thing out and say well these these drawers were not That's okay. Well we're marked down. Thanks a lot, pal. In get life. Why he's in sound for me? He's not too happy about it She'd listen to me man. I told you don't do it. You regret it. Just like we got a call yesterday I want to get him broadcasting please please don't do it. I'm begging you I'm not joking about that. It's my best advice especially now more than ever I'm not like a political slogan now more than ever we need the somebody right and enemy We they political enemy. That's what America needs stick to tube right like in a heartland W. A. M. Hello stick the tube in Oklahoma. Hello W. M. Hello Good afternoon sir sounds like Reverend Jones Hey, no, I think thanks first time caller in a Marisa listener Okay down down from the northeast and I really like your show you have a lot of nice topics and such but I find a mind with telling me that and I couldn't believe it Were you down at South Beach at like some movie theaters? That's choking though. Yeah, I use you. Yeah, choking little guys. Yeah. Now, where are you? Is that true or did he make it up because I like this question are you writing a book? No, but it's very like five six seven. Oh five sixty I was choking little guys pound five sixty on a Verizon The singular wireless line George was there and early Bill of Shades was next to them. W Q a M. Hello Q a M A little couple of years for you sir. Yes, that little check drop in you do there By Goldie is that a little bit that I'm you know that one is a bit No, it's a stay I thought I've been stuff that has happened The other question would be more for joy Carmen chick Everybody can you tell not that nobody's bothered about a roast beef person or her name isn't a carbon name is Carmilla and secondly It's not lunchtime for me. It's a digit conversations about yeah, don't worry about realizing Okay, well, it's bigger that the Carmella picture Carmella the season today Get it right your name is in Carmen is the best one we've had so far. I can't imagine that anybody who's even a little bit heterosexual wouldn't be Even I'm like emotional about that. That's how good that picture is right it don't get much better than that But how do you like this see these people they're like all what she how come that's got that outcome in Pupic is airbrush I'll tell you talk about these are the people from that complaining thing on a pool No a complaint right I Private Our kindness okay Re-stop it what I wanted Providence passed noon at five sixty W to QM. Hey, all new horse racing and poker fans pop player fans Pump it apart racing and poker's your place to be for great gambling action Pump it apart feature is free admission in free general parking every day live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday Pokers starts at noon and live racing gets underway nightly at 725 and a PM don't forget every Monday night There's a two for 25 dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant every Wednesday Is dollar night for draft your hot dogs so does and more and best of all my personal favorite the first Monday Very month at Pomp it apart is free spaghetti dinner night. All you got to do is buy a Program and that's it. They give you a little scoop on and then you go up there and mind your mind your baby Free spaghetti every first Monday every month at Pomp it apart Pomp it a harness is also often every day seven days nights a week featuring the best in harness through a bread highlight action From all across North America for you to watch and wait your on Pomp it a park a black south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the new racing schedule go online at Pomp it apart calm or calm at nine five four nine seven two two thousand don't forget the poker room is open right now and post time tonight 725 at Pomp you know park Pain gold From our guests and you know what I am just a fantastic guy really to risk a terrible hot in the end Hello, hi, I Come with you. Is it a widow on Christmas Eve? It's a then you could make an extra doctor too. I would do that in a heartbeat There's no question about it. I would love to do that. Don Humbog said to Alaska hello Donald We're having the fair with Bill Clinton. Yes. I was actually what's going on? Well, with with going in put out Larry, but in fact, are you going to put up with that Trump? No Larry you're fired Okay, so are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it? Somebody asked me the other day would you have done bill again in the inches? Absolutely. Yes. He's better than I anticipated There's your exclusive Larry Trump's stump not just the women so days can use it to gaze can have to Let me use it. I'm sure they'll love it. Clarkston, Michigan. Hello Donald and everyone wants to know What's up with that here? I heard that it's just one really long stand-out fair wrapped around your head several thousand times Is that true? Good question. Well, that's true Larry. We please inform the public you bet I will thank you very Retroents about it. You've been happy. Okay, come on Right From 17 and five 16 WCM we got the man daughter to the Humperon for we got Curtis Stevenson or how are David? I didn't leave him I didn't I said the Humperon the billboard leaves now you shouldn't go No, how are you given that call them the Humper? Don't know how are you for an in Curtis Stevenson in 70 k10 that's our lineup and it's kind of like partly penciled in we got new billboards I heard all right come in q a m hello Yes, hello deal yes, sir. Wow I'll ever speak with you. I'm a long time listener since 1991 pretty much gone stop Except for time you went to back to the stop using the DB word that's sort of got me pissed off at you For a somewhat a little bit anyway Got some food of course Yeah, my mouth Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 any Verizon and sing it a wireless line Well, I tell you the good stuff must have come in Yeah, the time I went to passion and sold out as about the period of this months to go away I was kind of a bad deal, you know yeah WQ a m hello yeah, now I used to think that radio would be an exciting career Yeah, after seeing what's going on at 2 a.m and then listening to that guy walked a Connecticut school of broadcasting Yeah, oh yeah I'm trying to get one of the kind of radio Yeah, okay, that was it short and sweet. I guess five six seven oh five 60. They got nothing else We're to pull today some pretty I mean yeah, Ricky Williams Jack Jack Ricky Williams and that's about it I thought there'd be like a whole bunch of things on it when you they were just absolutely unbearable wq a m hello Wq a m hello Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh man That was that was Rick Shaw. I don't think he was in quite it just when his record was ending. Don't even Q a m hello WQ a m hello, yes, sir. What's the naked guys on your website naked guys? Boy, what naked guys the stream court. Oh, does the print court justice? It wasn't okay, give an education get a life that's from John Stewart comedy Central from his book Well, how's it possible? How is it possible? Yo, and that's where I forgot. WKWM, hello. Hey Neil, tell you, uh, a Sanctuary news contract, all the problems are having with KWM's lineup. Have you ever thought about going like 10 to 6 or 11 to 7, something like that more? Are you somebody told you already? 10 to 10 starts Monday. 10 to 10 p.m. WKWM, hello. Neil. Only until we'll scan, I'm just deal with an hour that is going to keep replaying it. Yes, sir? Mark. Got to know an Ozacon cycle. Biggest flashing a pan. Oh, okay, great. There's going to pull the other name. Oh, oh. This is special today. All right. Hey, listen, it's Friday, man. I told you, we're just going a little time for the Silver ratings come out of one of clock. Tuss that inquire hour, that's simple and orbit. Tuss most of these guys that busy looking up that picture with Jesse Montaguto, whatever his name is. Jesse, uh, what is an artiness? I don't know what is his name. I don't know what his name is on. I told you. He wants to attack these here. Boy, let's see. How big are you, pardon? I'm going to attack you. I'm going to go and food is there. Oh, they brought us here. If you want to get a good plug on and show, bring in some food. It venues are bigger than your billboards. But they're not bigger than Jesse, though. Well, who is? Man. Look, there's special. Chili, cheese sauce on the menu. Yeah, I'm going to say that. You know, it's like everything. I ordered a two-me changa. Do I think we got to show you? Changa? Yeah. Oh, no. You can't say that on the air anymore. No, we can say that. We just can't say to Lupa. But we can say to each other. That's what we're trying to do. That's what it is. What is it there? What is it there? It calls, it calls, it's not your little tummy. Come on. Oh, the Michael? Yeah. Whatever, whatever, whatever. No, that's not what I want. Don't listen, buddy. That's it. Hola. Hello. Hola. Tell me what's over as it is. Oh, who is this to me? No, this is the wife. Tell me. Priffa. I like to speak with Tommy Metoya. Hello. Tell me what's over as it is. What's over as it is? Priffa. What's your little kitty? No, no, no, no. Tell me. Let me talk to the devil. Priffa. Tommy. Tommy. Tommy. Yeah. Tommy. What is it? You got the phone. Oh. Oh. Hello. Tommy Metoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. Oh, come on. Hey, I didn't want my job. I stepped down. Or sure. However you want to paint the picture. Whatever you want to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. If you're talking to the dog. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was cute for maybe five minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. How are the food? You're getting your justice search, Tommy Metoya, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Can be jungles, burritos, toastinos. I got more gas and ex-sug. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael. I'll reserve her somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you would. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. How are we going to, Shaming? Yes, honey. We're going to the Kelly. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not jelly, it's it's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's it's what's that driving place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be right you. And all I'm getting is dribbler and to me, chanda. And minute. I was to reason you were forced to be fired. Right. I know because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a mess. I want to live in a mess. You're living in America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Daddy. Okay. Kevin. You want to come with us? No. I don't want to be seen with you. You are at the demo. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. All right. All right. I got to go to Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were fired right now, after neighborhood would go up. Oh, God. Goodbye. Goodbye. Boom. I'm ready to take a just go over to Mickey D's with Keto and the OJ and do a drink beyond a parking lot. 1224 and 560 WQM. But watch it. Understand OJ did not do drugs. I understand. They did no steroids. That's what we like cocaine. They don't have to any of that evil stuff, right? Right. And he didn't kill those people. Of course not. Line 9. Hello. I think I got one for you. Yes, sir. I'm going to go to employees on time. Not bad. That would be part of getting the right together. We don't want to do too much QM on it. No, no. No, I'm sitting pilot. No pilot on the beastly is okay. They got enough heavy baggage already. Trust me. They're drowning in it. WQM. Hello. Floyd's been a bullshun you're out. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Wait, what was he going to say? Oh, I can't imagine. I think he was going to say, I **** him. Something like that. Floyd's been a bullshun you're liberating. You're only two but you've heard that too. The same guy. That's it. Partners racing maybe. Let's do a show on harness racing. And then we'll do a hockey show. Yeah. And then we'll get river on. Oh. And then we'll go out of business. Wow. Floyd's been a bullshun you're dark. Blue silks by the way. I can remember those colors. Man, my mind is so full of crap. You know, even a latrine has never come close to being as full of crap as my mind is just littered and cluttered with useless garbage. And I'm freezing trivia, hockey, trivia, cock-a-ry, all kinds of stuff. And also recent photos that I've seen in the aquarium. Ha ha ha. Wait, what were you put it with? Yeah, that's where I stuck at temporarily. Okay. I'm sticking it between two other sheets. I'm getting sure of fix with Neil Rogers. It's days from 10 to two on 560 WQAM. My Emily Fortlardale. The motion picture meet the blockers made a hundred and sixty three million dollars in just 12 days. So we're getting ready to do another one. We basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes since no one seems to notice. And we're calling it Meet the Fockers. Friends. The whole cast returns with the addition of parasitmas free to fucker and burn trialier a Cindy Loufucker. The smallest fucker. Then get ready for some exciting news. Next year, another fucker first. As we present Meet the Fockers friends. Friends. I'm going to take you down. Take you down. Take you down. You're going to be on the right side. Harvey Fires. You play gay Uncle Flipfucker and former New Jersey Governor Jim McReevey. To play his husband Fred Focker. Don't miss the hilarity when Flip and Fred Focker fall face first into a fiery firecracker fire. But they're okay. They're fuckers. That things really get funny. When mother fucker catches the boys making gay love on the fucker, front, front, front, front, front. We're going to pretty much milk the fuckers for all they were. Take you down. Take your down. Take your time. Meet the fuckers friends. And meet the fuckers friends. Friends. Coming soon. Do a fucker theater near you. 30 at five, 60. It's probably Joyce's favorite movie. Limbal. High court to return records to his doctors. You know, rush. Tip off in the hippogrid rush. Rush. Limbal asked to Florida Supreme Court yesterday to return his medical records to his doctors. And permanently keep them from prosecutors. Investigating his use of pain killers. All those. This easy was popping in back in the day when we're making him go deaf. Things like that. And lose a lot of weight. Limbal alleges that his privacy was violated when the records were seized in 2003 and his foster keep them sealed. Lower courts of sight of with prosecutors who are investigating whether Limbal engaged in doctor shopping or illegally visiting several doctors to receive duplicate prescriptions. Limbal wants to stay at Supreme Court to decide that patient should be notified before the medical records are seized or inspected. The state is acknowledged that as a matter of strategy it may no good faith effort to comply with these requirements. Limbal's attorney worried black said misstatement. They've admitted that they intentionally chose to bypass the notice and hearing requirements. Still thinking it leaves through all of his medical records looking for something to charge. Suppression of the records is the only fair remedy. Prosecutors insist that giving Limbal notice of their plan to seize the records would have compromised their investigation. Assistant state attorney Jim Marz has said the legislature is protected on force. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the government has been arrested. The government has said that the rest of the cart rolls are Los Angeles. Furthermore, there are no inved någon million dollars in their store. No one can see it, he says they are allowed to. ですhe. Oh hey hey hey. Mosque permit. He has said lost for it but he claims that our cash system is forbidden. If I say I'm POSD Max But you are both Jewish by the way. No, okay, see that? Yeah. And second, I was going to say that Jeffrey Lorio's wife, that's that key. Okay, great. Okay. Okay, yeah. They're all coming out today, baby. This was taught me the Chief Channel crowd. They're getting ready for the ratings in it. They know that I would be going to lose a big September, so you must be in mourning over there now. That's why the whole, uh, Chief Channel, the IOD crowd is out there. And some of the tanks and people who probably are sloppovers with them usually these are inside calls, you know, from Eddie Bellam's boyfriend, but this is a different crowd today. FBI Grills Jack Camp of Biterracky contract, former Vice Presidential candidate Jack Camp. A lot of questions about Jack Camp today. Oh no. Has been questioned by the FBI about his dealings with an Iraqi-American businessman who this week became the target of the first justice department criminal indictment of the UN Oil for Food Scandal Newsweek has learned. Camp confirmed yesterday that the FBI interviewed him last October about his contacts with some near A Vincent, a northern Virginia oil trader who is a federal government of charges, including violating the U.S. sanctions against Iraq and failing to register with justice department as an agent of Sodom Hussein. Specifically, the E.V. that Vincent illegally lobbied U.S. officials on behalf of the Iraqi government and received an exchange along with unidentified co-conspirators, millions of dollars in cash, as well as allocations for more than 9 million barrels of Iraqi crude oil under the oil for food program. Services for million of the investigations say that Camp U.S. Bobbills running late in 66 had a number of contacts with Vincent, which have been closely scrutinized by federal prosecutors. The contacts began in the late 1990s when Vincent, who just as officials say was superlacking as an Iraqi government agent, approached Camp an offer to work with him on a plan that could have led to the easing of sanctions on Sodom's regime. Over several years, continuing till 2003, Vincent talked to Camp roughly once a month about his proposal to improve U.S. Iraqi relations. According to Camp at 90 Davis of Washington, Warren Frederick Hamster, who discussed the matter with him and offered to speak for him to lose with gun, his matter. The ABC was a former White House special counsel of Clinton, said that the Scripps and took place when Vincent would either come by Camp's office, Washington, or call him on the phone. Maybe we just as boyfriend. Yeah, Camp, a lot of rumors about that. Well, there's all kinds of rumors about everybody, you know? Everybody's got something, right? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, one, five, sixty, one of the rise in the singular right of the sign. Ratings at one. Oh, yeah. How's that the TeeP channel crowd going to do it on a clock? Then they will fear us, man. I want to clock and spread it all. See, that's the amazing thing, you know? It's spite of the incompetence of our management, spite of the lies, the hysteria, the just total, instead of just array, the discuratively poised, all of the Tony-belony contract negotiations, but of all of these things are of these things. We still got to kick their ass, you'll see. We're still going to do just fine. As far as that new ass panthing is concerned, let me say it again. They got your rows. That's it. And a story. That's what they got. George, what else you got, you know? I mean, the mad dog thing continues. We hope by the salvage him. We pray. But for right now, as of January 21, 1945. Am I right? That's all they got. Yeah, well, what historical event do you least believe could have happened? Resurrection and George's W... I re-elected George's W. Bush. Yeah. Oh, Jesus Christ. 183. Re-elected of Jesus. Resurrection of Jesus, 120. Yeah, who died and elected him? O.J. gets a quit of 59. 9. 11. 44. Who died and elected you, savior, huh? Q and gets exactly as I thought 42. Noah's arc with a cave, very nice, 31. Mike P. Otsigots, very 20. And walks on the moon, 16. The Holocaust 9. Rick U Williams, bailed out five. The assassination of the 60s, JFK, RFK, MLK. Five. The heat get the shack is only got a pair. I thought that was going to take off. I think I didn't. And Vietnam was only got one out of 537 vote. 32. AM Hello. I'm a whole lot. WQAM Hello. Topsideers. WQAM Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You might have gone so. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a scragging. I hope you're joining me in 2000 from the ship club. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right, so that time again, they're all sitting around. We'll circle the liver room now. What's his name? Vernon is a pivot man. Who's real name is Julio? Who's Vernon? Thanks sir. WQAM Hello. I'm a whole nail. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. How you doing? Okay. Question. I'm a fighter. This is Mr. Gary Sarner. Question. That was interesting. Anybody who begins a sentence with. Question. Only Gary Sarner is the only Schmuck on who does that. But go ahead. Neil. Did you get, you got to keep back on the blue billboards, right? With three left there. We're going to feed back. I'm short. Tell me about it this morning. We got to do billboard with a Humphor and me in Mad Dog. Configurously. Toto Toto. No, he's not a billboard. I guess he's a little too. He's live. But, you know, they haven't written down where it says morning. Mid days and afternoon. But I keep saying that. I'm just still not taking care of my guess. The moment I think it's finally getting his name there. It doesn't work out, but I hope it does. Well, we trained, guys. Right on. Neil. I'm sorry. You know, I said, you, would you still have promote that Howard Dean thing next Monday if I sent you the updated information? Sure. Okay, man. Why wouldn't I do that? Well, good. The ratings are coming out, man. And I can't wait to hear how you slam and everybody's going to say. I'm not going to take the whole. Well, I got to write here. You're going to sit in a back. Yeah, I got to write here. I'll do it right now. I'll change the venue. That's why I'm going to have to fact you the different location. It's still in Miami Beach, but they have a different location. Well, just tell me what it is. Do it right on here. I'll write it down. I'm driving in a car, man. Okay. Okay. Okay. From that rejoin with Iro Winderman, what were you trying to say? I think guys both feet in the closet. Iro Winderman's in the closet. He sounds like it, but on the other hand. The way you came back with those rejoins, like you must have been saying that. I don't even know Iro Winderman. I don't know he's the basketball guy at the Hank has on all the time, but I don't know nothing about what we're about to derrigeoyn say. Oh, I don't know. No, no, that wasn't about Iro Winderman. That damn fact, I can't stand. Is that the one? No, I just I chew those up before the break starts. Have it all day early, just stay away from Iro. Everybody's gay. How do you like that? I'm going to be very old careful about that. What I play, what I say in you, I'm saying. Wow, what you gay. You were exactly because. You're gay, man. I have heard Iro a couple times. He does sound a little. A little. But he's got a wife. He's a real macho guy. He's a basketball guy. We would never impune his masculinity. But I know nothing about him. But if you, I know less. All right, I know this. I'm just saying something. I was the one who told you about the weather furry on channel 7. I was the first one to even know that. Spade of hurricanes that we had before that. You got the first gate, I look just to kind of had our tenter tentacles out there. And got that drift. and when all I blow him was going on over there, a channel soon. Right behind the building. 20 till 1 and 5, 60 QA in. You want to see the evil Roger? That's what we say. On 261, 2 and... And get baited. We're up to records for this for the first time anywhere. I'll find you in the 200th place of pop music. It's credit center, it's like five cents for your over-dance. I have a thing to be in the field. You're gonna see the end of the world. Say that boy. It's insane. It's not credit-sames and pop music. It's not really a music summary. They're way to the top of this one of his entrepreneurs. The whole... We've got a... No, no, no, no. Those gasses... They're the best out of no. Three generates the free start of the 7th. And if you act now, pop go over, and I'm fabulous. The lecture's over. I'm the role of a stage clown. Any Roger? That's that a song. You must be anymore. And give me a try to buy these. They're coming with you away. Give me the only guy to come across over us. And I'll watch the other set of them. From Crap Call. Where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything. That's what we say at QAM. 16 to 1 at 5, 16, WCM. We're at a few minutes, baby. It's gonna be really, really assimilating. And it is then a galvan with say, a assimilating something. Now, what do you want to say? Who? Why don't we got any hockey on right now? Oh, we got Leafs lunch. From Nashville, brothers, player, we have Jim McKenzie up next. Oh, great. Can't wait here that. Can't you, are you just, Jones in here more about the NHL and about hockey? Here's the first race at Gulf Stream, about to go off for the very anxious, big still for call and race. Furious and song. Yeah. See, Tom Jick here. Jick is out in California getting my internet with those TV shows. And here I got the first race from Gulf Stream, about long distance. How do you like that? Show gun empire. Two more now. Yeah. Dragon the pot. Yeah, drag this. Spider Joe. Here's the first race at Gulf Stream. Now, we supposed to have this online. Is this, uh, I don't know about this. What? Is it a single? Are we, oh, no, I don't know. Is that illegal by me? He's gonna say that by word? No, he's not gonna say anything. Bro, test come us. One of the horses is like something really bad, you know? Come on, let's go open and get your kids stand through a red race. You really, really, skittery stand. That horse has like, Charlie. We're gonna have to this start, spider Joe, a heart set in the Katen and. Oh, it's he weak man. He is so weak. Anyway, we're speaking a week. A woman in North East and Brazil. You've got a lot of history in the picture of this gigantic in this mammoth baby. No, you haven't seen it. I haven't seen it in a couple of days. I saw 16 pounds, right? Wow, you guys are eating. It's so good. Can we plug these people? Please give a nice plug before I talk about the huge baby because pretty soon you're going to be good. Maybe you're too, baby. Do you want a taxi company, 4,400 South University drive and Davey? Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. It's phenomenal. He brought troughs of food in for everybody. Great. And what are you doing? We got two, we tend to go into loopers. Like char broiled chicken and beef for fajita fixens. And these got all kinds of cheese and chicken dishes. And he brought hot wings and all kinds of sauces, green red, yellow. So the exact kind of range we're going to do with that. Even the rampings. Oh, yeah. The strips of beef and chicken are phenomenal. Like you know, char broiled where you can actually taste, you know, the char. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, phenomenal. I like it. Oh, God. Anyway, I'm not even watching today. I'm not even no ice cream. No, I got some cashews. I'm not even did it. If you have a irritable ball by the way, nuts are really bad for it. They just tear your stomach out of it. Oh, right. No. Oh, woman. Oh, that's right. You've got irritable ball. Don't be in the lot of nuts. I'm telling you right now. No, no. I just can't stop with the nuts. Sort of hurt. Yeah. Well, that's why I got this picture sitting here. It's Jesse. I want to be Jesse's girl. I mean, I love eating nuts. Oh, woman in North Eastern Brazil is given birth to what one doctor called a giant baby. A boy weighing 16.7 pounds. Oh, my God. You haven't seen that? No. Wow. Francisco Ramosto Santos 38 gave birth to the healthy boy. I wonder if he said Kinder Jose Santos gave birth to the healthy boy named Ed Demleton on Tuesday. That's the name A.D.E.M.I.L.T.O.N. Adam Milton on Tuesday at the hospital in Salvador and at her mouth and mouth he says, Hey, it was the largest baby born at the Albert Simi maternity hospital in the 12 year history of the hospital said obviously the baby was born by Carmelis's Syrian section of hospital director. We the legal said both mother and baby are doing just fine. She said, oh, we're fine. Ademalton could truly be considered a giant baby for he was born by one of six months old. Baby normally weighs pediatrician Luis Sene Azul told a career old baby. He and newspaper. Let's see. That's in Brazil. Would I speak for it to get you right? See. I'm sorry. Santos has four other children ages nine 12 14 and 15 were born by between 7.7 and 11 pounds. She got a bunch of fat babies. And of course, the purpose place because she's a baby maker in Braveal. They like that. They slept there when you were last few pesos man and give it to the Pope. Give it to the church. Put it in the plate. She slept there on your hands and knees and stick those pesos in. They're why you keep appropriate and making all these unwanted babies that you can't take care of. She knew I'd definitely be a big baby. But not this big. We all said she or husband in the hospital were caught by surprise. The average weight for newborns in Brazil is 7.7 pounds for boys and 6.6 pounds for girls. And this baby was born by 16.7 pounds which is like the average of 1.6 pounds. Which is like the average of 1.5 and 1.5 grow put together and then some. And as a picture of a adult in here, a big, childy baby like found bellowies. Now what he says is the movie, hey, how do you like your childy baby now? Yeah, it's a must. 5.6705, 60 pound, 5.60 on the Verizon and Siggular Ravosline. The pressure is mounting. I bet you that all the radio people in South Florida are gathered around their radio. It's just like we used to do back at a 40s before TV, Mandela. 40s gathered around a radio like on Sunday night listening to Judy Canova and whatever else suspense whatever was on. That was quite a time. Can you even begin to imagine what it would life would be like with no television? Oh, no thank you. Josh? No. Your laugh and see. Life before television. How did you people survive? And of course then you take that several steps further. Life before the airplane. Life before automobiles. Life before electricity. Can you even begin to imagine? Oh, I'll just can you get. Yeah, and how it looked at the Greeks and the Romans and the Egyptians, how advanced those pyramids at the Egyptians, all these things they accomplished would know electricity. Well, the Greeks and the Romans had a lot of diversions. Yeah, to keep light interesting. Back to them. Hello, others. So let me ask you, when you pan back that $2,000. See, I didn't even know about that yet. I of course suppose you want to check now. I'll tell you where to get that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, I've said it where to get the two grand. Stan Major. Okay, yeah. Hello. Hello. That was one of many Bill's board friends. I know, I'm going to go by my way. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one for the poll. See, is that the Asian or JFK? Oh, it's on there. Thank you. The assassins and the sixties we lumped them all together. Could there were three, which is really shocking, but evidently, it's an aids thing. And now if you weren't around what had happened, I guess you could be all at shot, right? Right. Only five votes for that. It's been on there right from the Aguidico. WQAM. Yes, sir. You're following me to the consultant. Have the version that the largest danger is right. It's on there, man. It's number two with a bullet. Well, not the birth but the death part. 560, 560, pond 560, and even rise. I'm telling you, man, it must be something in the water. Maybe Jim Jones is in town, you think? But, or maybe it's Mike Piasseg, you're ready for that wedding. Hey, how might we end? Come in to QAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. I got a poll. I got a one for your poll. Yep. How would it save it and get rid of his rug? How would that is if I like it? How would David, but this is lead? How do you want to put it on there? How would David tosses the musk rat? Retires. No, not retires. They're going to have something else. We'll go to the fire tower. We don't want motor retire. We just want them to to four mad dog, four to seven or eight belongs. It's not going to change this week. It doesn't appear boring. Some kind of last minute development here because we got all next week's schedule. And it looks kind of a clean and pristine and mean to me. It's still doing the big 05 to 7. A hump or a stupid to seven to ten, us ten to two mad dog two to four. A ride. More Howard David, a salute for the seven. Yelde, a couple of days, seven to ten night. Then we got that hurricane. Crap, a stuff. And then Curtis, Stevenson, look at that. Maybe Curtis is doing permanent Friday, seven to ten. That's a good idea. Curtis is good on here. That's spotty does his grow test in an abortion. But that one for gold, a coal finger. He had dog told me that Curtis had a coal finger. He went by that. Come in to QA and hello. New. Yes sir. I know that guy is going to throw the two grab from. Yeah, okay good. Come in to QA and hello. QA and. Yes sir. Have one for your pass sir. Really? Really. You're going to be a hot pill. Yeah. I left such one on the B.D. Yankees and wreck the curse. Red Sox win the world serious. Okay. You got a man. That is unbelievable. It is positively. On the early of a red Sox finally win the world serious. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And he had a good idea. And nobody really cares so much about that. Let's see what kind of a team they put together. Let's see whom he acquires. Let's see what they do to solve the quarterback situation. They got some serious problems. Their offensive line is pretty offensive. They got no run-and-back. And the defense is on the field. 70% of the game center. Like even as they got a few good players. Junior sale ain't going to be back, is he? Probably. No. Probably what? He will be. Get out of here. He's making too much money. That old tub. See you in the video. What team did you say you like? I like the books. The bucks. Anyway. Wow. And don't forget the bucks stop here. I'm not saying to make a rush. It's hallucinating. I'm not saying to make a rush. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours. This holiday season. Give your loved ones the DVD collection everyone's talking about. No. Not that one. We're talking about the lost classic that combines invasion of the body snatchers with the godfather into the world's only space alien crime drama, the pod father. Something I want you for a friend. My friend. Just put this part on the abad and goes to the gang you bought pod. Oh, I'm a susleep. The pod father. He started as a poor Italian immigrant. And somehow overnight became a completely different person. A pod person. There was a supposed to be my personal account. I want to be a son of a coin. Good on the coin. Not in human blood first these phasery and coin. The pod father. It's the sleeper DVD at the year that will keep you awake all night. Can't wait if it's a minute after one, but those ratings are going to be coming in any minute. Any second. I want to be a real thing, huh? I got that ready. I'm prepared. I'm a pyrid. I'm a minus 20 substance here. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Warren Buffett sees no way down, but down for US dollar. Oh my god. Brother. The dollar can out of Lloyd further depends against other major currencies unless the US trading current account deficits improve. Legendary investor and businessman Warren Buffett said, full brother to Jimmy Buffett. Didn't Jimmy Buffett just die? Till? Come on. What was the Buffett? Not Jimmy Buffett from cheeseburg and paradise. What's the other guy that just died? Somebody Buffett? Little miss Buffett. I think over time unless we have a bet. Unless we have a major change in trade policy, I'm going to see other dollar reports going down. The world's second richest individual told us CNBC. I guess I have to build these. Wrap your V gates. I don't know what it happened. I don't have any idea whether it'll be this month or next year or the year after. But we're force feeding dollars under the rest of the world at a rate of close to a couple of billion dollars today and that's going to weigh heavily on the dollar he says. Oh, God. Buffett noted the record US deficit of $164.7 billion in the third quarter of 2004 in the current account, which measures trade and investment flows and it blows. Buffett nicknamed the Oracle of Omaha for his investment act human. Has the net worth of some $41 billion second order to Microsoft Chief Bill Gates. See, I told you. Quite a Forbes magazine. But he said he saw a few opportunities in the nearer term. I'm having a hard time finding things to buy if that's as anything about the market. He said, if I find something tomorrow to buy, I don't keep a thought as whether the market is going up. I barely am if he finds something to buy. He just runs it. It was both hands. Like Greg Reed, you know, they could have deal. Runs in with the jumps in the pool with both feet. So what do you think? Can we get a buddy running in there with a number of yet? It's three minutes after one. No, no, no. I don't have a point of five to two seconds. How to do one? Oh, you're like redoing the fact machine. I'm plugging it back in. Oh, I see. Because my fast machine is a okay. Maybe it is red and you're rocking a roll. I got a pile of fast paper. I got a new toner, a car for a junior. I got my new drum rocket and rolling. My fast machine is all prepared. Ready. Ready for some. Let's go. Or some add new. Or maybe some for this new. Got to me at? No. Bad news from the sports world. We don't want to get sports intensive again because the audience gets real surely when we do that. Migrating suit over a wild or attack. Did you see this guy? No. Houston rockets are tracing the greatest being who that is. Of course. Is being sued by a man who had the tip of his nose been knocked by the players. Rob Wilder last year. Fred Chamberlain. What a great basketball name. Fred Chamberlain 57 was working at Migrating Human Southwest Orange County. That's in Florida. New Orlando August 24 when the Daggett the Daggett them. The lawsuit asking for on specified damages was filed Wednesday. Orange County Circuit Court. What we want is for a jury to decide what's fair as far as paying Fred for what's come out of his pocket. Both in the past and in the future, Chamberlain's attorney Eric Fattis said Thursday. He's definitely going to need more plastic surgery. We've got to be sure he has to resources to pay. Migrating employed Chamberlain is a home maintenance engineer and is 18,000 square foot mansion. The two times scoring champion paid for Orlando for four years before being created to the rocket's last summer. Migrating in Orlando on Thursday to play his former team. Rick Nalance's dog attack Chamberlain and nearly bit his nose off. I feel terrible. Migrating said I didn't think he had an in him. Migrating said his peda say very vicious dog but that he's usually nice. Yeah, like OJ is very vicious but he's usually nice. Like sign on autographs. I was so great. When the bills game, I still can't get over that. The guy that was a he was signing autographs in the stands OJ and somebody else down. Look how he's got a knife. Was that it? That the Orange Book. Where did I say was? The bill's game. That's the bill's game. Excuse me. That's USC. I'm sorry. Anyway, usually nice. Even have the dog use an eyes after the attack. Even though he's a bit the guy knows. Corridor Fatt is Chamberlain was attacked on the second floor of the mansion after climbing your flight of stairs. When mashed jumped him Chamberlain fell backward down the 11 stairs. Oh, I feel with flash now and not only the nose. Don't you? Even I can feel it. The dog was trained to attack on command and fed us. No idea why it shows to attack him. So real good message for all you people out there. If anybody ever like especially with a kind of craft driving in Sanford. Everybody ever rear ends you? That's what I mean. Look into the car. Always remember one thing with flash. Just keep that in mind. And then remember some of those toll free numbers for those ambulance, chasing lawyers that we got over. Just keep watching local TV. You'll see a lot of them. Oh, I mentioned this yesterday. I never got into it. Now, thank God. We've got to be told those ratings to start coming in. Are they in yet? No. Oh. Barring, blaming a computer software error. The government says that overstate donations weight problem may widely reported study last year that Ciro Bcery was about to overtake smoking his number on cause of death in the US. And so I celebrated that by going out and giving them an Italy turtle ice cream with those nice chunks in yesterday. The study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Public Last month in the year on American Medical Association said that obesity related deaths climb between 1990 and 2000 to 400,000 year in increase of 100,000. And Wednesdays issued the journal. The government ran a correction. The same week increase was a more modest 65,000 deaths or so. Not increase of 100,000. Okay. So that's 35,000 people who didn't die from fat. And a statement Tuesday CDC director Dr. Julie Gerberning said the agency regretted that the computer was not discovered earlier and technicalities a core value of CDC. And the integrity of our unlike the FDA were lying is the end of the game. And the integrity of our science must be protected. She said we're improving our internal scientific review processes, including moving toward the adoption of electronic review processes. Got the odd yati. Despite the correction, the agency said the finding that obesity is a major cause of death still stands. The combination of diet, physical, and activity and tobacco are all leading causes of death causing far more than a majority of total less in this country. And the year 2000 said down a stop acting director of the CDC's coordinating Center for Health Promotion regardless of the controversy. It's clear for these people that there are three underlying causes of death most important of the country. Let me say them again. What are they? Diet, physical, and activity and tobacco smoking them. Faggot's. The Arizona study was discovered soon after was published. I got the idea. I like that. So fast fast. Not quite as fast as we thought. How goes raining some of it? I'm holding the full plus of it. Oh, I know it. Oh, you like them? Yeah, I like them all. Maybe they're all wanted all. I feel like it's the only possible thing. Hold on. All right. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm 12 plus. We won't be number one. But let me name a couple of minutes. We're number one. Somewhere in the United States. Somewhere along the way. I'm like, you and we're not. We're not. We're not. We're not. Somewhere along the way. Two and we'll be number one. That's not good. It looks good. All right. All right. Oh, well, he would know if it looks good. Hey, he don't let him get the inquiry. Okay. You won't see him for a couple of weeks. In fact, I may just have to take a hideous. No, I mean, I've seen the girl. I'm not an hour McGill, but I'm talking about Tissie. Whatever this act is named. What is his name? San Bojulio. And you asked him right under my naked on Passons many times. And I was a very impressed. But this picture is it's like the pictures we got to Carmellie. You know, you've got to be impressed. You got to say, hey, what's not to like about that? Let's go hang it out together, you know? Speaking of Carmellie, don't forget to be sure whatever you do. I know it's Friday. It's busy. It's the weekend. The big football coming up on that crap. Don't forget to take a peek at the puket. This. Carmellie bitch is out. This is her. Okay. I hear the facts, but she making that yawning sound. Okay. And does this. It's looking pretty good. Oh, right. And like that. Oh, number something, baby. Yeah. Number one. Damn it. Oh, the whole hour just read page by page. I would that thing. I'm going to give my steak. We're ready here at my own little operation going. Let's see Monday through Sunday, six and a midnight. WHQT hotest. Still number one. Where five four and a summer. There are six three and fall. WHQT. They're not so hot in my book with their hot year book. WCMQFM. FAMA. 4.2 up to a 5.2. Number eight and number two. This looks like a Julio book to me. Yeah. Sposing Shrows, baby. As they say in the business. Life WLIF. 5.2 to a 4.9. Power. 4.5 up to a 4.9. That's your keep your friend, Maddie Bell happy. Although he's making crank calls due to the about that two grand you own. Yeah. Well, he'll take it under the table and you'll have to pay back the other word about the money. EDR. He takes it under the table. EDR. 46 to a 4.8. This is 12 plus, which is the whole audience. HDJ is kind of flat WID. Oh, look at that. They went way up. How's that possible? Don't tell me they got a kiss in this thing too. 33 to a 4.2. Of course, that's the 12 plus. WMI B. Men in black. 3742. A radio Mombi. 4 3 down to 3. How the mighty a phone. A radio Mombi. Where the house QAM on here already 12 plus. A 2 0 to a 2.8. A 2.8. Oh, a 2.8. Which doesn't have all that impressive. But 22nd the time for 16. See, Quest 12 plus includes all the old farts. It includes a teeny vapor punk ear people. We don't have listening. Kiss 3 0 to a 2.8 kind of flat. Okay. This is all 12. Now we're going to get like, well, this is going to take a long time in this way, right? Yeah, I got the other word to. What do you got? Persons 18 to 34. We care about that. My persons. What is this? It's like over the coming in. Oh, my god. Who cares about this? Now let's take a look at ESPN radio. Now this again has me too much. But if they made some kind of a big jump in there, we can start peeing in our pants Big time. Let's see. Party radio. A 3 1 to a 2 0. How do you like that? That doesn't sound too impressive. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, it's high to pot up. Where the house is at the Disney thing? Oh, you can play that. We're number one thing again. Oh, I can. Yes. We're number one. Yes. I'm permission. Don't tell anybody. Wait. We're not. We're not. We're not. We're not. So if anybody in radio and a market's listening right now, get what did a magic Dude. I was wondering how magic went. Why? Three, two, three, three, four plus flat. Up our hair. They went up our hair. And if we're he ticky, he ever took that cap off. He might find out he's got to hear. They just want. Just like Donald Trump, one big long strand of hair. Not that I'm wondering to talk about that. Okay. Let's see. I'm looking for what am I looking for? What are the call? I just see. Oh, waxy. Oh, my god. Look at the improvement they made a dramatic rise from a point three to a point six. Mr. Ego station. WTO station with horse with no name. A point three to a point five. Wow. Impressive. What is this? WMT. Oh, isn't that a 50? I don't know what that is. It went from a point O to a point three. Oh, must be default. But he's gone now. He must have made. He must have been responsible for that huge junk. Keep it. Now, morning is just going to be Howard sperm. He'll power it. Oh, better do the break, right? So we got light stuff coming. There you go. Number one. There we go. There we go. Big quick. Some real smelly asses. What I'm hearing from Duffin. He knows about smelly ass. 113 at five, 16 WTO. I'm hearing he's obviously suffer a better night sleep in 2005 by calling. 1 800 mattress right now. And don't forget nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health. And you're well being in productivity. I just general know the way you feel around in a good night sleep. And you need one tonight. And for years to come from our friends at Dottamacus, by calling 1 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's getting saggy or lumpy in your mattress 2, it's time for a new one. Choose a complete line of sealy, service and skin coil, tempering, and endurance and badass foster. Dottamacus takes same day orders all day long from kettle to sturd from Palm Beach to Fort Myers. And like I've been telling you for years, they've got a delivery deal. It's unimaginable. You still take the date and try to deliver window when you want your mattress delivered. And they show up on time 99.7% of the time. How can you beat that? Dottamacus will have the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local torture boards for wrestling. I've been using these folks for years and you'll be doing it too once you use it in the first time. So instead of wasting your time, gas and money and you're better going to department stores, sit there on your fat of the ass, pick up the phone and make one easy call. They'll be there when you want. 1 800 mattress or log onto their website, mattress.com. Dottamacus call on today 1 800 mA TTRES. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. Question Noises. I love our prairie, no, no, you can't bury it there I'm the same and no too Okay, now I don't know, must be on the little church in Pony, I think it's on your ass end Maybe it just was like one batch, you had a bad batch Sorry, because it's another moment, not sure, no, we're having problems over here Are you really? With what? With your fax machine? I love this, there's a big white stripe down on the left side, there's not in the beginning but like after a while And it's not me because I got my, all my supplies here, you know, my school supplies and all that stuff I got everything like right up to date, like Robby Benson said in that movie one on one school supply Grow up already, Robby, where do your people are starting to talk? Oh, let's see, so what have I got? Monday, this is 12 plus now, how come we don't have any more stuff coming through here? Come in, oh, Monday to Sunday, the week, men 25, 54, look at that, did we kick some ass of QA? Holy cow, we don't know, we don't know our left side from our right hip. Our eyeball is where our ass is supposed to be And we're still kicking ass, it's a miracle, we're almost number one in men We're number two, the overall station from, I would look at that hotpy this up, you bastards you, that's a Disney man We're going to get your ass Disney, have another drink, okay old red nose, hot 6.8 in men This is the full week, QAM 6.6, up from a 4 point, over summer time, for this was still what's turn on It's turn obviously, head himself a pretty decent, in fact, person's 12 plus in the morning, he went from Maya Although I would kick ass, too, I don't know why, determine from a 2 0 to a 3 5, we went and mid day from Maya, what do we do? 2 8 to a 4 0, not too bad, it's 12 plus, huh? Pretty good number and 12 plus if he asked me WI would do 12 plus and a half noon, or 3 7 to a 5, well they still kick ass, and spied losing that big September man All those rush people, all those right wingers, and the rest of the second barely we the, the, the callers, can you? I guess you must be, I don't know, are you there, are you alive, what are you doing? Spix in the back, 1 8 to a 2 2, in the afternoon, 3 to 7, I don't know, I'm from 12 plus, I don't wait to care about 12 plus, okay? Nobody care. And then they got a new thing combined, drive time, which the, I can't read any of the callers on it, it's your faxes all up, missed up. So anyway, there's that, is what we got so far in the number 25, 54, it was man, I smell some bonus money, we already got little bonus in there for being number 2 and men, over all the Amistation, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah baby yeah, I mean, it's not official till you read it. I see. I speak in a sports of athletes who got some problems. Remember that Burr Robin's story at Vanskin Robbins the other day? Yeah. A bullet pierced his heart another was long but former orphaned Raider football player, Barrett Robbins wasn't finished teaching out a beating on the three Miami beat officers who find the found him hiding in a women's bathroom on South Beach according to the rest before released Wednesday. Robin snarled, growled, and other than the exclusive while the club's club was watching his wounded chest and reports said then the man who police stationed six foot four ways to have been 80 pounds managed to slack the gun from an officer before sitting down in the front of a rescue. The hand-slippers enough to knock the officer down police said Robbins brawl with police on Saturdays detailed and arrest affidavit used to charge a former pro-bore with here I didn't know he was a bull or a pro-bore with three counts of attention that's not a good term pro-bore. See? You know what I mean? I mean he played in a pro-bore but it could also mean he's volling the use days. So, Rob all right, which in a chance of attempted murder on Wednesday the police were called to the office building the houses tight right Irish pub after the pubs on her in a head chef confronted Robbins's home to lead but ignored them. After they found him Robbins to the one-legily, punched in a kick-off as a repeatedly body-signed another and tried to rest a gun away from a third before he shot, according to the police report. Okay, that's it. Let's hear that. I just want to know if they're going to be faxing from another machine what are they doing now? Like they faxing one ward at a time? I mean they're probably driving over to a building that has eight times. I see. No, well, what's the story? They're seriously. They're going to find a machine that works and use it. I assume. Yeah. Well, that's really a people kind of way of doing this. You know, they gave up the ghost here. When you consider that everybody in town is sitting around their way to, is including the people who are still working as business who aren't automation machines who are waiting to find out if they still have a job or not. And I mean to me, and how how did I do mine up another big bogus month of December? Must have been in right wingers got a whole bunch of diaries again, huh? I don't understand that. Gene, that's also the. Huh? Jesus helped him. Is that what it was? Jesus. Oh, Jesus is praying for the evil doors that can't at whatever it'll they are at queer channel. I don't, what just happened there with my 25, 54. Did you send me one sheet? Oh, here it is right on top. Now, what do they do? 25, 54, 39, or 46. See they still had, they still have pretty decent number in there. Although we beat him, we beat the pants off of them, man. 25, 54, man. We kick your ass, baby. Now, if I had to rest of those sheets, I could tell you how those other were competitors did, but I know. So how about that sports wax here? They and these two foul, I got us two pages. Sixth and a midnight. So I got it. Sorry, that's all that went through. Yeah. Then it wouldn't suck up anymore. What do you mean by that? Yeah. When you fact, the sheet gets sucked into the meat there. Right. It stops sucking. Oh, I hate when that happens. Oh, my God, I cannot believe that. And I'll put it stuck. Wow. That's what it said. That is shocking. I might be in our polaroid shopping with two in fact, machine crafts on. Okay, here's the page. Here's my back pages. The bird said, another one. Okay, let's see. Oh, this is the same thing I had before, but that's okay. At least it's an element, but they're coming through very slowly. It must be hand-seeding and like one sheet at a time. Kind of like to do in a clan, one sheet at a time. So I could still read the same numbers. Top one and men, six eight, two and right under six six. Boy, that's so close. That's the overall week. X DJ five hundred with five nine. What's the, that's the no-spigging place. Big four nine to five three. It actually went up in, that's amazing. Without Howard. Oh, no. Go tell anybody about that. That'd be bad for Howard Z. CMQ FM four one to a five one. Wildy three nine to a four six. They went up a boy. We've passed him like they were standing still. Man, we kicked a rash by two full points. Power, three two to a four three. The coast, three three to a three seven. Anybody paying attention to these numbers? Those killed some great time on a Friday. Then life, EDR, WMIV, two six up to a three four. MIV. Huh? They're wrapping it. Love 94. It's four six down to a three two. Anybody wants you that jazz, gravity. Okay. Nobody wants you a bunch of crappy jazz, PD, PD, Bulger and Ronald Fink. Kiss. Three seven out of a two eight. Uh oh. We don't know those people are another building. Party radio. Oh my god. I gotta find that thing. Where is it? See. No, seriously. Oh, here it is. The party is definitely overturned out the lights. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Wow. I mean, hot may have beaten us there in man for number one, but put it that the PY and that party thing. That is. Then that was a rise very by the way, Joyce. A little tiny bit. And don't be jumping at their Josh. See, notice how Joyce and Josh both begin with a J.O. I noticed. Yeah. J.O. What does that mean? Joe Mama. But audio romance. See, when it was two four. See, these are coming very nicely. So, it's a little bit slow. So, it gives me time to like staple it together. I feel like one of the staple singers. Maybe I'll start seeing it at good old time religion. The staple singer. Here's what let's see. Let's take a look at the morning. Look at that. Look at you. Look at you. Here comes cookie. Remember when I ran here used to say that? Yes, he did. He probably wouldn't mind me to remind you here. But let's before we knew that. Let's see how to mend it on LACC. Okay. Because it was out. Waxy boy. They're going to go out. They went from a zero point seven to a one point five. They went from 26 to 20. Turn. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. You're going to go out. We're going to go out. We're going to go out. Everybody. Yes. Okay. Here's what we got. May 25, 54. You're ready. A lot of people in the business are really concerned. We picked up a big smell. Yes. I'll tell you that. In spite of certain people interfering. Wasn't he just there in the doorway? He would. He would. He would. I don't even know what. A straight look on his face. No. Not one of those work for the suit and a crappy haircut. I mean, like he told you that with a straight face, he wanted to pass it along to the police. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Would a straight face? As opposed to a gay face? As opposed to a gay face? As opposed to a gay face? Or maybe even a funny thing. Like your body after the front desk. Miss Carlos. Miss thing. 6 to 10 a.m. 25, 54 men. That's so where it's at. Man, everybody wants those 25 to 54 men. Some of course, the rather had the 18 to 24 men. But that's another story for later, including all of her. He's 26. I just see whatever his name is. Uh, uh, just even to a Miguel. Wow. 26. I have to stand my horizons there by a couple of years. Let's see. Now, what are we doing? Actually, Jay. How are we told on this tonight? This is more noise than mornings. WSTJ. I was not saying they got that hot morning show on there. No speaking in Lacey, I'd say they're what is it? Yadayada. Some kind of a stupid show. Hot one or five is number two in a morning, like they were last time with dropping a point in the third. Q.A.M. Howard Stern from a three seven was six eight in the morning from fifth to third. Big. I just got through doing this before. I OD three two to four two. What was with this I OD crap RT. Well, that's because a lot of this October to remember. Like election heavy duty stuff, you know. Radio hit, most three six to a three four. Power two four to a three three. CMQ. Now, let's see in the morning what these other stations. Because in that one Joe roses on in the morning on seven. I do right. Right. And my be life because WACC one two to a two eight. There you go. That's the only impact I think they're going to show you all day is the. The rosemise. Little dog they went from 23 to 13. They're on the move. They're on the march. Freedom Shonda march. I'm WACC. That's all they got though. EDR Zeta. Oh, Zeta boy. They really stinked the joint out. KISS three five to a two five. They're not doing a man. Somebody's going to stand down down the road there. Look at that WNMA. Mr. Ego actually threw a number in there. For the first time ever a point eight in the summer at a two point. The fall. Look at that nice corner. See, well, you lunatic. You crazy first. How do you like that? Well, it must be the political thing. You know, let's do everybody whipped up. Tis the party. Oh, my God. Holy moly boys and girls. Party radio to keep playing to root over again and once in a while. Food fly. Look at that. They are dead. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. In the morning from a three point four to one point seven. That is a disaster. That's my opinion. I'm like, does that's a virus? That's my opinion. I'm like, that's you really? That's my opinion. I'm like, does that's like everybody over there gets fired in the kind of a number. Right? That's my opinion. I'm like, does that okay? Get lost. Go have a drink. Love 94. Oh, it really took a dump. Good. Oh, that's not a spad. We like them over there. No, not love. We like life, right? Because that's like the TV light. Light. If it's life, oh, that's not their demo anyway. They always get these bogus numbers. They went to three five to three. Oh, they had a man listening to light. They're fan of us. A little. Okay. Light. Let's see. I and Z a M. That's, I don't even know who's on it. I'm warning on that. It's Kira Murko. It's a big power. They're at least consistent. The summer they had a. Oh, they didn't have to go to a. Oh, they did. In other words, what's the point? FDL. That's that. A 50 abortion right where PD Lenny is in Bob Eisenberg and all those other great sales people. They went from not showing up at all the way. Oh, it's six. That's really. Let's go. Was D.F. On in the morning? No. On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the morning? On in the evening? On in the morning? On alcohol. Did B.A.D. Based on what they're looking atwell, Mr. Mr. McOwen has gone all Thrll now. Yes? Aren't they going to offer anything from it?softly. A.F. Look to the top of the ocean out and get out of here. K.A.T. points for really big. What's the point? Out. Let's see, he made 2554 involvement day here's our story. Look at that. Thank you to this audience, Ma'am, to just continue to put up with our crap and put up with Greg or Green's opinion and presentation.�. QA's fall book. Yeah, the QA in fall book the QM4 rating book that that is a one historical event You least believe could have happened with all that Dylan around in the screw on around and and this one's on first And nobody knows who's on second and the line of shifting and changing everybody disgraced and people forming at the mouth And we still take that man 25 54 or 10 the three and you know it's a higher number than that because two to three Would all the respect of the man dog what did they get they had their five six? We were in about a 10-year man. We're back in double digits again. I believe What all the the dust clears when the smoke blows when had great smoke starts coming out of the really chimney there in the QM building I think we're right around a 10-year man and we couldn't remember when I trash Cortis. That's right You believe me Josh. I do there you go. Now that's good. See the little confidence. It's about time As soon as you're in your results in confidence, just please pick the sealers to win on Sunday. Please. Oh, he goes out the time. He is exuding it So we went from a five point eight number two in the summertime between 9.6 number one by a mile by three points Just about holy and moley meal. How do you do it? Oh God. It's always Greg's help baby Greg. We can do it out Greg in the Vslies Carol and Joyce of course Really reading extended her hand and we chopped it man with an X In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that Joyce winds up into woodshipper by the end of year Wiods number two five on up to a six eight and again That's gotta be because of all that the election stuff right October to remember these several too much We're like heavy election stuff. Well, turn on the line and he had a number. CMQF and Mr. Way up hot Thought for now. I was CMQF and is that like a talk Spanish or is it like a music? Ask me all the time and you don't know I never know get what that man. Give it a program on hot You're sitting there eating Mexican food. I mean Mexican. I mean I do this radio Yeah, I sure does if he had nothing I yourself listen to a radio mom be hot 4251 WSDJ 29247 big five out of a 47 down a little bit Actually big did okay. They ought to be a P in their pants over there with me They lost stern they had a Yankeh Mothier and it means time all the week of the number at a mile But they had one book thanks how I have a great life Coast three five to a four three the coast 82 along the coast piece of crap life five six to a four two Am I being okay? This is midday. I'm sure that maybe Humphor and some other people want me about the afternoon Fnool was well, it could have been better. It'd be worse. Who'd up a little bit hot? Number one and then they have to know it's five out of a six nine from fourth the first time hot had a big book baby It is hot don't touch it don't put your hands on our radio You're gonna get you're gonna get fried Chris lot of you already are big five eight to a six-0 in the afternoon Look at that big did just that ain't what big what's that all about? Actually prison with music under I doubt it no I would be five out of a five eight and QM 4405 So they'd be this out a little bit of nobody you know what the chicken would probably was without deal Yes, it was just fed in the afternoon for six weeks in this book give me I'll give you a clue Yeah, there you go power went up a little bit and the afternoon So now I'm a holiday kid curry is a good guy. We like kid curry a lot all of we don't like this military But he's probably pretty happy. They don't all the way. I don't know about the younger than those that's their thing This isn't their back STJ now. What about the afternoon? Who the god now? What about midday on the last two way in a minute away Wait a minute who's on midday and last two that Craig winter Vinny we need you see on I know they have a damn Patrick show the damn Patrick show well how can we compete with that? I mean once they went on with that we went zooming up to a 10-year let's see square America 141 eight Lastly all they made a mold baby a point nine to a one point. Oh look out Oh That was one of those dots of redo and soon Not мама這樣的 you who's big was So the bells don't be in swine, and Jen are true Why the human turned out to not grab a Jen are true Time to take some more to do Count to find out it's Angelina's Yolese. She's the chicken with that marriage woodpile, and she was the reason that Brad said, Ah, bye-bye And that kind of unusual isn't usually the other way around that the woman once had a family once had babies And that the husband once had the person to career, or what originally the way it works But on a Brad's case, he's a little kind of lady like anyway, you know he's got a pretty ass I've been seen it, I've actually didn't see it, that picture, I was kind of embarrassing I'll see 720 votes on the pull, what historical event could you lease believe? Do you believe could, how do I say it, what historical event do you lease believe could have happened? And work on that wording for hours just to make sure I got it grammatically correct We have like said George, so we've got to bush 250, three, we all say Oh my god They IQ larger than our thumbnail said that The Resurrection of Jesus is 149, the Lord has come, He's returned, He made it come back Oh, Jake gets a quit at 82, that was not only shocking, but dismay, and of course, brother You know who we have to go do for justice, don't you? 9, 11, 63, Qm gets its idea, the 46 course Let us know what that day is, okay in history No, it's arc 42, he's just, no, it was missing it if I had a hammer when we were doing all that Because it must have been a long time It's a shit, I had a hammer, he was nailing it My fiance gets very 23, I don't think he's going to be nailing anybody, at least not her Man walks into moon 23, the hollow cost 15, Ricky Williams leads it off in 9 and cramps out The sad stages of the 66, Red Soxland of World Series 5, more Howard David inflicts his wig 3, and he get the 3, the Warren Vietnam 1 and the Qm Farbredings book just went on there But it is, it is one of the incredible wonders of the history of human race along with his picture of a Jesse West's name Now let's say, and I started to say that, I went into the break Lacksy, in midday, from a 0.9 to a 1.0, that's pretty impressive Not to get him, Chrisy, where is it? I can't even find it now, it's so bad, it's not about the 85th page here There it is, 0.9 to 1.0 And in the afternoon, again, I think this is a byproduct of a Hanks 6 week suspension Which is totally unacceptable in Curtis, and went from a 0.4 to a 1.4 But I will, let's see, what else they have been? So we were number 40 afternoon, men, 4.4 to 5.6 again, and spend just on IODs as that time She met Vicer, but you'll see some things changed though, because now that that whole political Season is over and people are off of that, look at that, even scare Americany, if Then went from a 0.6 to a 2.0, right? And they got that Ed, what's his name on there? He's a writer, a smile, a spider, a shoulder, a shoulder, a shoulder, a shoulder, a shoulder, a perfect name for the times in which we live. Shools, next day it will be the Batonburg Show, huh? But Prince Harry, it's kind of scary. In fact, look at him, it's pretty scary right there, who are you kidning man with that Irish? No, he's got that red reddish face with the Irish, that bloody Irish compulsion. Guess what? I've been in German asking a lot of those compulsions there too. Not kidning me, the German British Royal Family. I still said he got to put a swastika on it. What do they call the British flag union jack? The union jack. Yeah, how about the union swastika? It's a little clip. Yeah, that's a little clip and paste. What do you say? And of course, the top off all of us you for it, we've got one of the greatest photos in the history of the beat in Curtin, if you ask me, and I'm modestly, what's in it is impeccable and I found her. I discovered her. I mean, you saw her first, but like the picture, I don't think it was an all-night impress. It wasn't impressive. But I discovered it on that. And of course, we can all thank including Josh Curtis once, especially, thank Jeff Garcia for getting involved at the story there. And I have a little controversy in the bar there. Right? Good for him. Do we want to good for hers? That we say good for, you know, assaulting that chick. We never would have heard of her. Right. That's right. Nice going, Carmella. Even I love you. Dearly, she is beautiful, man. Let me take a look at that beat the cream that I just can't get over it. And then every day next week, we'll have an Eric did say that Tom Fiblus. And now I got to hear my Piles. And besides, what's wrong with the roast beat taco? We were doing so well. Why do I do it? You can sort of just hear. Yeah, day and bring in a roast beast, okay? Just they did. Hello, everybody would like to roast a beast and we get him off. Now if you just pay Matty Bell to Grand back, that you swivel, I mean, no, everything would be okay, right? Just come on. Come on. If I if you had to told me to Grand him, it would have, you know, coughed a little bit more there. Let's see. Let me just take a look over here. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Carmelah. Take a look. And we still got the murder of Baxter's burning. Tissue on air underneath the burning bonus, although on the saggy side of me. But the bus is holding her on my leg. Carmelah is looking just as an act. Guys got some complaints. I'm going to tell you right now. Anybody who complains about any of these photos we got of Carmelah, the Caesar is strictly playing. Playing, faggot, okay? And even even this claim, in fact, it means we sit right here, even I see the incredible physical duty of this chick, okay? Don't be feeding mean, no crap. Roast beef my ass. Oh, get the knife. Yeah. You got it. Wow. Weiner, not the cleaner and meaner man. Speaking of the beast. Yeah, there's a, that's something we'd all like to roast. In fact, stick them, put them on a spit, can't you? So with any, you see that would they do like your Christmas time. They put a big pig on a spit and it roast it. Oh, yeah. I like to be like the fire, like the fire, like my fire. Anyway, I'm just rambling now because we're very excited about being number one, especially about the bonus money. The ego stuff, you know, even if you do it for a long time. It's the same thing. And he comes in there, tell me, okay, congratulations. I know you out of great book. And I'm like, yeah, you're right. Okay, okay. Great. We know it. This isn't something new. It's been going on for how many years now? About 30 man. And there are 30 years. All right. There are people out there actually like this show. And of course, there are a lot of people right now scratching your head. Oh, what do we miss on Howard today? Yeah, you know, can you believe that? That was the excuse for making sure that we had on a full show every minute. Which, of course, I know Dan Well, that whatever the deal was, they must have made. Must have said they got to carry it until the last gas, the last robin does the last story every day, right? The last of the day. The last of the day. Oh, well, I was concerned with the loosters would take the enlist if we cut our off a 10 every day. Yeah, right. But at any time, we still survived and how do you like that? And addition, which, what kind of an number did Stern have on there in the morning, six, eight? We have a nine, six. Huh? Huh? But thanks to Howard for a good lead in over three months. Thanks, Howard. We had some fun in there, right? Okay. We didn't hear the six eight. We had a nine six, we'll be to my three points, just a while. Amen. Well, what? We didn't have any fun, but I was going on. I mean, sure it was this stir. We're going to be getting, we thought it was going to be great. That's because we were looking at it selfishly like, oh, wow. We're only working three and a quarter. And by the way, more, I'm not that old. I'm getting tired. Okay. The first couple of days, I will be honest with you after doing all those short shows. It's not so much physically that's your tired, but that your voice starts clapping out after three hours. You have to go into training, you know, talking for hours of a day. People think it's easy, you know, when you're going to get in pain 15, 20, many years, you've got to like, you know, exercise your vocal cords. How do you do that? You've got to work it. You've got to work it. You've got to work it. I've got to call it, I mean, he's just exercising his vocal cords. The Gardener. Let's take Gardener. Raise your blades. We hope. No, you don't have a guy I'm talking about. Yeah, I don't have that. That one. You just got to exercise it. Work it, man. Work it. It, uh, all man, you work it more. More you work it to better it works. That's what I've heard. Believe you me. That's what everybody I know is always told me that. The more you work it to better it works. So exercise your vocal cords. Speak man. Speak. And so now like four hours is not a big deal. You're not finding like a big strain now. It's a big and normal. You can hear it. Yeah, you're back. You're all right. Here's, we've been doing four hours. Most are all right. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. It's. Gloose and leg. I'm five. Two. Two. Right. Right. Bye.