Alright, it's set for Neil. Just crushing the competition. Guess what he's booked before I could once again. That's nothing changed. Do do do do do do do. And that's a good thing. So you must be feeling pretty good today. I was told we have no cross over today because you have guessed in of you it's kind of clock and something like that. Uh, I have a couple minutes. No. Well then who the hell's that give me bum information there? Josh. I don't know. I don't speak to those people. To what people? Any of them. Oh, that's good idea as little as possible. Yeah. That's the one good thing about these hours. You know, I'm out of here before the brass comes in. See, I was at Woodbine yesterday at my blackberry and it like buzzed in my pocket and I picked it out of my pocket and I turned it on and it was the email from Dev about the ratings. Yeah. Well, I'm losing a little bit here today but I got this nice fan bonus coming. So who the hell cares? And I emailed him. Email him back and I said, I am the best. I want to do. I am the greatest because that's already been taken. Yeah, somebody did that. I was like, I don't want to get like whatever he's got. What does he got? Uh, he has a Parkinson syndrome. Yeah. And so did the Pope have that. It was about a long time. Yeah. But the Pope didn't get hit in the face ten thousand times. Oh, I have a great line for that but that'll be the end of this. Oh, oh, oh, oh man, I'm not trying to get rid of you on a study. Yeah. Joyce, yours, my sticker nose into what's so to speak. Yeah. That bitch. Anyways, congratulations again. Yeah. You're starting to make a little move. Yeah. I saw that. I'm like a crypto clearance, starting to come on in the stretch. Yep. I had two bed months and then I'll have to get it back. But months and yeah, it's not the good part of it is next trend one of them is going to drop out So yeah, and last the last month I guess was all right So yeah, I end the best part of the deal is the other guys are doing basically nothing for all the big goods Semis about them and all the annoys they make they're doing not not much of anything They kind of like sought their own level. Yeah. Well, let's face it I'm the only one it has any competition over there Yeah, that's for danger. Yeah I see Danela bastard I'm taking a poll today. What's off slow to radio a TV personality you hate like poison the most And we know it would be rush would the win hands down but Danela bastard is a very respectable second place Danny boy I shouldn't probably mention it though. Why not because he might do an art deal Right in the hell building see one thing if you're gonna kill yourself Do it in a place where they're gonna get a lot of publicity. Yeah. Well, the only thing would have been better if he'd gone like four six or seven or ten Probably channel seven would have been good. Yeah, but they don't have deadlines So if you're sure they could have gone into channel seven they could have put it on your life knowing man Oh, man. Yeah, that's a terrible story and it's And apparently it was an article in new times that pushed them over the edge really yeah Yes, well, be damned. Yeah, but it's a cover story I think the headline on the cover is Sleeves and corruption art and deal That would do it for me How about Jim Defeady getting fired you see that or did he really probably too fat? Not fat for the hero or maybe told the truth too much when he said the paper used to be great They finally got around the reading it here's what happened About 90 minutes before he killed himself art a deal called Jim Defeady killed himself No, we part of the field Yeah, called Defeady right and Defeady recorded Parts of the conversation yeah without permission from teal or without telling him he was recording it And that's against the law and right the feeding according to the story went to his editors and told him what happened Assuming that he was probably looking at his suspension. I guess he thought he worked here and They would said they fired him. They said they had a fire him because he was in violation of the law Well, we know the hero of it's certainly never Finally to law no, it's been you know, I mean that's the paper that you know get out and Gary Hart's pushes Gary or what was his name a Tom Feeber in his yellow trench coat right but you know something it's it's been a tough year for newspapers Well, all I can tell you is the dumbing down of America makes newspapers kind of superfluous now most people don't read a newspaper Yeah, remember the golden days in New York or any even in Miami when he had the Miami news It was pretty good newspaper. Hey New York used to have a 15 paper right exactly Every city had like a whole bunch of newspapers and now how many are left in the York you have to get a news day You got the times you got the post and the daily news what else? I think there's one other But that's it four or five you stay 15 yep Pretty sad yes it is but then we're some really good newspapers. I mean the Harold Tribune was a tremendous right The world tallogram the journal there was the news in the mirror There was the problem these things All of these things right long gone Well, it's a different era man There is just a pack of lost the bubble heads hyperventilate on TV so they that'll Brian and Ricky Tiki Sanchez and that's That's news in America. That's why you got a more on for president. That's why all these people are getting kill the nobody cares because We got to worry about which year a bubble hit is missing in a rouba and which one is missing on our honey moon and all this other crap How about the story? I'm interested in one way Brian of course. How about the story with a jab? Doesn't remember any details of the Supreme Court nominee coming down here to help resolve the election Right and then I have an article on our websites. I think yesterday or today about how his His role in that Robert's role in that was much greater than oh yeah, it was here for ten day Yeah, him and James Bickler the turd who now is the attorney for the Saudis You know, who got sued for nine eleven well some a guy named Cruz from Texas who was involved It was a guy who blew the whistle on a whole thing and Jeff comes back and says why don't you recollection of that? Yeah, well, maybe he was sure in some of the Noel's Stange Maybe it's affecting his mind Yeah, seriously. I said a few weeks ago when he was starting a thing again about the Terry Shival when he wouldn't let it die so to speak And that he got to be vapor acted. I think he's losing it I don't understand how anybody why he's still so popular and Florida how anybody no matter In their political stripe can support him. He sees a maniac I don't know if you hold it for this you hold it for the bullet train forget about it You voted for the slots and proud forget about it. You voted for classroom or size reduction forget about Do whatever and how I want yeah crazy person to think Taylor yeah Seems to go around in that family Anyway I'm at no I don't want to stuff on your interviews now. Who you're gonna be interviewing anybody Yeah, I'm doing a thing about Marino for next Friday and I'm putting together a bunch of interviews Yeah, since he's going in the Hall of Fame next weekend Well, I sure hope we have any Pope on that boy. He's any or pretty tight as a matter of fact I am interviewing Eddie. So yeah, I told you there's the main you want to go to yeah I miss Eddie in the page he has seen parts of Dan Reno that even his wife hasn't seen that's what I here That's how tight those two are all asking about that. Yeah. I'm asking if they ever shower together like on a weekend I don't know about though there Where are the showers of the quest to well listen have a great Whatever out the time going on vacation now. Oh my gosh. Yeah, you have the life Yes, I do I'll be back. Let's see two-day August 9 so market done on your wrist and you got nice and pretty nice stuff coming up Then I'll be going away Vegas and Delmar and yeah That's after you get back. Yeah, well have a great day case where you going Germany Ah, terrific where I'm gonna go get some real brought wars. I'm gonna Berlin and Frankfurt I love Berlin. Yeah, I do too. I've been there many times frankly. I've never been to but I heard it's pretty interesting Beautiful to terrific said you've been there. Yes, I have I'm going to get the seed y'all sour crowds Okay, well have fun and I might actually take a few German lessons too You can't you can never learn too much German away this regime is going in the US now I was gonna teach you a couple key German phrases but Joyce might be good. Yeah, well, I think German in English There's a pretty strong crossover. So I think I might know where they are. I know how to say it hits the fan in German Have a great time. Hey, you have a good day in a good trip. Thanks, see you Bye Except He 10 away to 5.60 WQM happy Thursday July 28th. Now I want to tell you I know it's an old tree shade with this month just when zooming by I just can't get over it. Really? Everybody tells me to say what happened to it? It's just flew by. Just like my vacation's gonna fly by and then you'll find it and it'll be like a little over a month for the summer of a scam I got going and that'll fly by and it'll be back to that 5 day a week thing. No way. No way. No way. That's bad. Okay we just extend my contract 10 years till I croaked and then just stay with the two in Thursday sounds good. We're so well for me. Anyway thanks to all the people out there that supported us nicely. This is like an electionist for right. Our audience is finally getting the message that really learning big time out there loyal and I would just like to Julio is with their radio mumbee and their other Renault speaking less the old green tutorials while our people are starting to get really militant and they did good thing. Don't stop now. Yeah. Don't stop now. Listen six hours a day to our show every day. Wouldn't it be a good idea? Like nine to whatever. Some of that some mold, some anybody want everybody. And the other guys over there and our ira-mercas and I can a little bit of a move but the best part of that deal is that it looks like most of their audience is coming from I. O.D. Fall on rush at 11.30, Duff is going to come up run in near Hey Duff. You're fairies. And she's going to have the hourlies, the hour by hour so we can really get the low down. Because this is all great. We appreciate the bonus and be number one by a mile. But we'll find out just exactly who's not even nice. We'll find out if the big O is really rock solid and at six to seven hour. Then we'll see if the Humphor is making some inroads there. Hank beat the Joe Rose. That's pretty good vandalier. And then month of June and overall. I think Joe had like a two six in June and Hank had a four in man. That is correct. Am I right? What a memory, huh? I got a good memory for stuff that's totally unimportant. Well, as I started to say though, you were saying we're number one. Oh, now I was saying that they're not doing much those guys over there for and that's why I was so embarrassing and humiliating. I still have a few. I'm clean. I have to get to the next to a zest body wash and share it all over myself about that thing over the pole that they took in the sun settled and we went out on who we I still can't. Sorry, who's the season that was right. We have to be accurate. It's a two five for Waxing. Okay, sorry. Not a two six. Well, I'm exaggerating. I always like Joe anyway. But that thing where we went out and they took that newspaper pole and we let them get about, yeah, all the people at the here, will include even our tail. I've been floating on the two times before he blows Rains up for Dan LeBastard as matter fact, it's really interesting that we're taking today, which I'll get to momentarily but Dan LeBastard, they hate you like poison and rightfully so too, man. He is one of the biggest ice holes that ever came down the pike. He's a real jerk. And in fact, that the booster is concerning with him. That just seems like such an unlikely duo, you know? Well, you know, you got to do what you got to do. You got to do all what you got to do all you got to do all you got to do all you got to do. Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't understand that. I thought that Boog had better taste in human beings than that. Just a little bit of a co-worker. You got to support your co-workers. No, I'm to be for that. That's he's the one that got to Boog to go over there. Oh, I don't know about that. I don't know about that. I don't know what Josh Quirtis said. That wasn't the right move. That wasn't the smart move. Being the voice of the Amarlins on TV for like the next 20 years. That would have been a good thing. Especially if they get to New Stadium. See, shirt term money, that's what Josh is judging by because he's a schlepper and he's a little punk and so he knows very different. The two nickels to rub together. That's why when he gets that check, he rushes to the bank and catches it right away before I change my mind. They're under the middle of the show. Yeah. But he doesn't understand that shirt term monetary gains is opposed to long-term career goals. That's kind of a flower we would have put in some like a pile of crap to me. Sure. That's not the way to go, eh? Well, as I told you, they offered him a one-year contract. Who did, Marlins? Marlins. Well, if you have confidence in yourself and you know you're going to do a fine job, which he does. He's an excellent play by play guy. He shouldn't have had a worry about that. How many years you think, Geldie got on the panther deal? And I got news for who are we more certain is what it would have done a fantastic job boob or Geldie. I mean, you know. Huh? Yeah, it would be boob. And I think about that a little. Oh, here's one. Today's poll, Lonnie Quinn. Who's Lonnie Quinn? It's his Lonnie Quinn. Who's that? He's a weather fairy. Oh, the weather fairy. We got so many weather fairy, isn't it so little time? That is bad. We don't need any more weather for this course. One. He won't be able to be occupied for a while. And I can imagine doing what for it. Well, maybe I can. 1013 at 560 wqa, and we got all our ratings. They got a huge pile man. I am really psyched. I've been pursuing it. I got 347 minutes for Whose County. We got the mole my c2. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. He shouldn't have. And through the grapevine came in and he concerted with George's third year in the show yesterday. No, no, no, no. We're bonding with a mole man. full of a uh... thanks to uh... thanks to book a brand of like dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dotSN 3. dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot You're off limits to my shakely mirror race. And that said the record is with my choice. And then was a bullet that took my own voice. Like that's the do. He said, they've put a stop for the door. Come on, going out at you and you're on a board. Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on. Go on, go on, go on. Up and down inside. And I'll get better get your mids off. Some archendice now. No, I don't pull. You think it's so cool. Take off the ticket, be it, do I get anything? I'm pulling the right. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. You're going to go on. Go on, go on. Go on, go on. Go on, go on. Go on, go on. Go on, go on. Go on, go on. I got to not go on. Since my virginity's lost. I give me back my baby boo. She was like, you. I'll show you who's the boss. That's good. I can't shake. She must be in the resort. For whatک in the next dive, for whatever. Get to my point. What do I have? What do I have? What do I have? For what? Right now. I don't mind. Two days like that. Let's get it right now. Give me one. This medicine shows you love for what you love for what you love for what you love for what you love for. Up supported, right now. See you. 20 past year and I can't wait till hockey season. I'm going to come rushing in here and they're crank up the audio so I can hear those pants against. You believe me? No. Maybe like five minutes of it. Here's the facts from somebody who says, hey Neil on the Schmitty QM website, the station schedule still has last week's schedule. All those ice holes a week behind all the time. What a joke. Yes, they are of course. They're just reasonable. Okay, they got to get fish to fry. They got that power ninety six thing that they're doing down the hall, which I don't even know what that line is. No. What is it like cranking up? They got a rooster coming in to like rub its legs together and make the signal stronger. I have no idea. I see. The power ninety six hamster has got some HD, I don't know what that's all about. Oh, the HD did it all. That thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What is that? HD digital, baby. So what is that? How does HD digital radio? Okay, if you have an HD digital radio, it'll make power to the world have one. Yeah, it'll make our station sound like FM. But that's power ninety six. Yeah, it'll make it sound better. Oh, I see. We are. We'll be there eventually too. We also are a stereo, aren't we? No. But we are digital. I'm thinking part of it. We are digital for no good reason. We are digital. We are. But nobody can hear us in digital because nobody's got one of those receivers, right? Right. That's pretty impressive. We can't stay on the air. We can't keep stuff working most of the time. But other than that, we are digital, baby. Let's hear it. That's why we're number one, at least in mid days anyway. Well, we got some work to do. Some of the other day, parts will fight out at 11.30, who's not even nice. Who's really got the big number in there? Not that I want to glow, but it's just, see, this worked out great because today's my last show for a couple of weeks before that vacation. And, you know, it's nice to go out with a big number in there and a little bonus check all that stuff I suppose to, oh, it's G, as we release stock back. Remember when board Gary would come in when we had a band trend? Oh, we saw, you know, whatever. As opposed to just coming in saying, well, we got holes, we got a bad trend with nobody speaking in English, ethnic diary. Yeah, that's some excuse. Oh, we used suck. And I was used to think, well, I'll speak for yourself, Gary. Although I know Hank was very fine to him. Yeah. Gary drew a straight up load, so give him a good old and Gary drew a straight up load. It wasn't idiot. 880 votes on George's pull against the day. What is the worst ethnic group you can be born into? Oh, and that goes to show us a good, good thinking there because life is more luck of the draw than anything else. I know it's easy to say, wow, you got to put yourself up by your bootstrap. And you're, yeah, you're right. Where you're born? Who you're born into? And all of that, that's what it's all about. That's about 90% of life, 95. 99%. Right? Right. I mean, like if you're born in, I mean, want to say it. Africa. I didn't say that. I did. I was so good. We're ethnic grouping. We were in two Arabic Muslim 233. Now, see again, that goes to show the current hostility that's simmering out there against the schmothaids, the ragheads. Woo, that's a little like that. Can't stand them. And that's the course of the year entitled. Because all these therapists grew in, especially the IRA now in the end, UK says it for the afternoon, which is what? About 37 minutes away, it'll be four in the afternoon, there are time. There are five hours ahead. And four plot is happening. They're laying down their arms. Because the coordinates are seeing on cadence records laid down your arms. See that's for book of mine. All those old-farts, you know, we, seriously, shouldn't it be like an old-farts radio retirement home? Where all of us can go, like, kind of like, what was that movie cocoon with Donna Meachie and who was the archer? And he was a nice old, radio-croze, you know, cousin Bruce, you can go there. You're disgusting. You're disgusting. And mole could be there. Go away, go away. Yeah. But look, what a way to go that would be. Anyway, Arabic Muslim 233, that'd be bad. Like American, 193. Now, what is black Americans supposed to African American? Well, that's what I meant by that. No. Black African immigrant, 64. I see, you've got so many black categories on here. I don't see this, say it's bad to be born black. And it's an excellent point in this racist world in which we live. But some blacks have a harder time than others. Veeha, that's sort of I hear. Black African immigrant, 64, black Caribbean islander, 62. Oh, no, but it's a good machine, man. Yeah. It's a good machine. I don't want to get started. I could so easily say something right here, but I'm not going to do it. There was a woman sitting by me. Oh, man. See, it's one thing, if you don't bathe, but if you don't wash your clothes and so another would love if you're sweater, you'll allow it together. If you're clothing stinks like you just were laying in a septic tank for a few hours, it's probably not a good idea to go out in pubic. African 58, Jewish 58, the lot of people in Jewish because everybody hates the Jews. African American Indian 37, Northern American Indian 32, female 27, yet a poor abused woman, black Hispanic 27, which we've only seen those people coming from the Mariel Bolivr, French 25, South American Indian 20, Eskimo's slash anyways 17, white Hispanic 17. Why is that? I don't know. I was complaining about that. What's so wrong about that? You can really just don't like you because you know speaking ways. I'll be at the knees five, Japanese three and Chinese two. So everybody likes those eases. It ends in E. If I eat Chinese, Japanese, that's okay. We get the means, but if it's like other, especially dark, darker, you get the more problems you got. But I think that's probably true. Can better save the art, teal, story. Let's hear us today's poll. Huh? Huh? Well, and I'm glad, hey, told me about the gym defeaty thing because I noticed I missed that this morning of very bad job by me. I missed it. I missed the Harold Website. So, I bet anyway. That's things that really ought to be given greater importance to you. I like little tiny. And it's like to think about the slots. Remember I kept asking you what happened with the Broward thing? Right. And I had to do like 80 million hours of research to find the story about that, about how they like said, well, I will have a special session of legislating through this fall and the overall judge, Mow, tot tot tot tot. Here's our poll today and of course, since South Florida is the land of hate, which is one the reasons of so many people are bailing out. A lot of people are coming in but they won't be there long. What South Florida radio or TV personnel need you hate like poison the most and the reason I put the most is because you can ate a whole bunch of us but more than anybody. And this could be somebody who either broadcast there or like Russia's you know, syndicated makes a difference this time. 250 votes, Russia's got a E7. They hate to rush you, pill popping, hypocriticaling. Rich Francis 25, Dan LaBazsdo 24, right on Ricky Zass. Max Smith 15, George has got 15, Utah with Todd. Mr. Ego, Steve came 13, we got that disgusting diversity board my ass. Maybe you could have a low-foot Marty Rubens theme, I'm going to stop calling Mr. Ego, Mr. Humphold. See because if you're going to, if you're going to suddenly turn into a right wing fanatic ol' Christian born again lunatic, you've got to, that's got to be the centerpiece of your resistance is being a Humphold. So that's Mr. Humphold, Steve came 13, she built these array 10, Mo Howard David is only got nine, Neil Rogers 7, that's why you're listening right now, hey, Goldberg 6, Yolty 2, Lonnie Quinn 1 and 20 cigarette 01. I don't hate Tony, he's just a silly person. I don't like silly people doing the news, you know? No, I don't know. 27 after 10 at 5, 60, like Cambrall Martian, remember him on Channel 6, Cambrall where he's the sports guy, he was a good guy, and now a little city was a news guy, kind like Tony cigarette 01, for years, see you guys, punish me. Thank you. This is an ABC news special report. One of the most consequential decisions the president makes is his appointment of a justice to the Supreme Court, and so, nominated that court must be a person of superb credentials and the highest integrity. I have found such a person in Judge John Roberts. My decision to nominate Judge Roberts for the Supreme Court came after a thorough and deliberate process, conducted with fairness and civility. The only money, money, money, see you think I won't let you go. Lay off by a brand new law. Judge Roberts thank you for agreeing to serve, and congratulations. This has been a presentation of ABC news. The 10th of a row of money will go to court vote. He'll be here to a flag and prove it. With the Bill Scourron's great on a Gladys, as a special celebrity guest on the phone, 1032 at 56, what we need to do is check my phoneers man as we need those phone interviews. That should put us away over the time. Hey, a lot of work went into that show. Not on this show, though. Former City Committee, I'd probably let some names off the pool before I do the art field business and the gym to feed you business. Thanks to the Humper for the heads up on gym to feed you. Mostly him, no mole. How come he didn't blow him by? I would have been a real mess if he'd have blown himself up at the arrow. Come to QAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. First and foremost, the sandstone down you. How many of you are in? The sandstone down you. No. The sandstone was in his Lord and not in the Toronto. Got to go for your phone. Yep. Sand with acid. Hit. And my ever going to learn or what? No. Huh? I got the art heel stuff. I got a huge pile. We got some more dead people in Iraq. Although things are going incredibly well. Right. And we got to get some more names on here. How about some names that aren't already on the pool, pal? That would be good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm, 5, 60. I'll humor them. We'll take a few of these. It's not mandatory. But I guess just for the hell of it. To 11, 30 anyway, when we get to all that research, all those numbers, hour by hour, shower or a power, a lot of good stuff. What a big rate. Oh yeah, it'll be wonderful. Interesting. I'll see how Russia's taking it for a snippet of decline in them. Are these sci-fi? I think he has. We'll find out what he hourly is. But it looks like scare America. Maybe Al Franken is kicking Russia's ass a little bit. Give him a little spank. Huh? We'd like to be spanky. Again, give him a spank in from Al Franken, though. How much can I turn my amper. WQAM? Hello. Yes, sir. I know you're not ready to get into the art heel situation. Can I just put my two sentence? Sure. Go ahead. It got to the fix. Come back. Can't say that. Now this call are probably a chicken. It's had thinking you can't say that. I mean, not on this station. That's what Joyce is. In fact, I hope you also because I'm not really sure about whatever. I can't say that for no good reason, but never. No, for actual, you know, but reason there's nothing wrong with it. It's just a terminine. Now if you've said dirt bag, that would've been fine. But we can't say that. So we have to move on. And I agree with that. I agree with what he said. I was, you know, whatever. A bag of it. Have to watch it. WM, hello. QAM. This is what they call you. Yeah. I'm about Bill O'Rally or Rally. And I'm not sure how he was telling you. So I'm going to give this to everybody else. Who's the other one? Alfred. Alfred. Alfred. Alfred. Alfred. Alfred and Bill O'Rally. I wonder if Bill O'Rally broke that. Oh, point. Oh, he said the consistently since he came on here in Sanford. I don't even know what station it is. I think he's on the same station as Norma Can. I believe on that age 50 on the FTL, the light light bulb, junior, whatever the thing is. All right. It looks the one where, I don't know. What's the day part for him? The day part? Yeah. I don't know. I think it's like known by the way. Huh? That didn't get dumped by the way. And I hit it. And you hit it. It did not. It's that wonderful. No, didn't. How's that possible? I don't know. Let's test it again. No, no, seriously. How's that possible? All three of us hit it. And you tell me then, well, it's not. I'm not. I'm not. Two out of three, but still that should be. One out three should be enough. Yeah, one should work. Having been told that I'm not going to take any more calls until we get to. No, I'm not. I don't know. I'm not going to tell you that. I'm not going to tell you that. The last day before vacation finally out. Oh, I guess what? We got some cut. And isn't that interesting? Where we just talked about our crack engineering staff and about how great everything works not and the yaddi adi adi adi adi. Where we just talked about that. Yeah. Wow. That is a real kick in the head. Now, how did you find out who told you that? Uh, don't pop this at him. Really? Now, we don't have to do this test again. How is that possible? Maybe it's just working sometimes in our north. Both of them. I'm going to do it right now. Okay. Because I have no idea. I'm going to do it again. The case stuff is that the Monterey's got a new D&C. Let's hit up and hit a marker. We're going to have to dump the freight. The dumps crazy will be. No, no, no. I'm convinced really such a good idea. Because otherwise, you need an identifier for them to listen to something. The crazy is going to be one. The redfish sales at midnight. Don't. Okay. The redfish sales at midnight. I'm hitting mine now. All right. We're going to just see if that would work. Okay. Now, we wait about seven, eight, ten minutes. We'll find out. We've got a way. We've got way 30 seconds for them to hear if it's dumped. How many seconds? You said it worked. That's how I see it. How could it not have worked the other time? Just one of those. Yeah, that. I think you're fun. Okay. Certainly like hyperventilating hallucinase from all those months working on the steering show. Monitoring the every other word. I think it's random. It's random. Yeah, I think it's lucky. Well, so what does that mean? So what do we do now? We got a random word. That's nice. We do our best. We don't button without taking a dump. Yeah. Must be. Maybe the engineers were out taking a dump. That sounds more likely to me. Because if any place is referred to as a dump, let's see, Brian and Papa DeBezze is I saw only part of the documentary called Bush's Brain on the Sundance Channel 2 tonight. Don't know if you ever hear any listeners seen or know about this. It's about Carl Roe. And it really played a good interview in the president scene from a little bit. I saw for some good insight, which people may not be aware about. Carl Roe. Hey Carl. You're fair. They have a website. Bush's brain dot com. Would like to hear your comments. Or from listeners of any one scene. I have Brian Lee's head some calls. And I haven't seen it though. I have seen the word according to Bush on our website. It is. I saw it on the CBC. And you want to see it too. But I'm pretty most people are going to watch it. Because most people are lazy. Anyway, former city commissioner Arthur E. Teal Jr. recently indebted on corruption charges died after shooting stuff in the lobby. The Harold building. Yes. Today. Miami police said Teal walked into the hill building. Around 6.5 last night. I'm in the head with a semi automatic handgun. Emergency personnel responded to writer Thomas and a man who was pronounced dead at 7.50. Rescue workers to the channel 6 that Teal had two wounds in the back of his head. I would use your stuff in the back of the head. Hello. He's now. Oh, twice. Oh, tell what it is. That's what he did. Apparently he thought he missed the first turn. Oh. He's been working for 14 Teal surrender to federal authorities in Dave County after grandjury and dead name on multiple council fraud and money law to reencharges. Chief John Timony. And you know what that reminds me of the thing that was just happened if I ended up with the dump. Remember the day we had the the Chamba guy and then I dumped it and somebody called said, well, you're going to do a bit of chaotic kill like that guy. Yeah, this thing is working in a meat and in a middlely, okay. Right. So maybe before I come back and do my next show, I'm Tuesday the ninth of August. Maybe somebody in that place oughta like check who's being naughty and nice. You crazy people you. On June 14 Teal surrender to federal authorities in Dave County after grandjury and dead name on multiple council fraud money law to reencharges. Chief John Timony, Timony, who responded to the scene said the man was very distraught and to speak to a reporter and security guards down 911 man by being. He said, just come out. If I lover and any shut himself once in the head with a semi automatic handgun. Well, if you only shut himself once in the head, then how could there be two wounds in the back of his head? Maybe with a magic bullet. I see. Maybe Arlon Spector had something to do with an huh? Channel 6 reported that Teal wanted her herald columnist Jim the feeding to speak to his wife. Or being ignite, a political activist and overtime express little surprise at our Teal's actions. I'm not shocked about this at all he had in the people in the community of show little surprise. It's a tragedy every time like something like this happens, but again, he's got a lot of baggage in December. Dave Price took his file 10 robbery charges against Teal. He was accused of making that case of taking 135 grand and kickback from a businessman who's construction company, one look at a contract to refurbish and publish my main neighborhoods. He was scheduled for trial in October. His troubles were the subject of numerous media reports, especially in the hairled Marvin Dunne, a professor of psychology at FIU said Teal was sending a message like we were the hairl and the media. The act was assigned to someone who was in pain, Dunne said, our Teal has been invisible and isolated for a while. Marvin said it's tragic. I don't know especially get along with him, but I'm sad and feel badly for his family. How do you like that? David Alonzo, who works on the 64-the-Herald building in sales marketing, said all of a sudden the fire alarms went off over the last speaker they announced that the lobby was totally over because for the rest of the night, but I'm being hit. And Jim, the feedy gets fired. Thanks Hank. We'll get to that. And of course more did people in Iraq stuff like that. I'm deeply concerned. I mean, gravely concerned about this square yellow problem we have. You know, I'm not talking about nothing Chinese. We have a square yellow problem, a little square thing. Aren't you a little bit different? Yeah, I'm concerned about that. Especially since you're the one that's on the hook for next several days, Mr. I would bang that thing until from now until the cows come home. I'll pound it silly. Yeah. And part of it is we got this 45-hour delay, so that is so absolutely unprofessional and unacceptable, too. Maybe we need to get ducked back in the control room, man. That's a good idea. Hey, you know something? You finally hit the jackpot. Get the ducked mice during the year when that head set on and sitting on the edge of her seat and just hyperventilating. What would that be a sign? You're fairing. What's going on? Doing tonight? And crying minds. Watchin' now. Why? And why are you nice read the Miami hero? Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien's in outer space? It's from the house. He's probably harkin' the true mother of the elephant man. It's in the house. He's jumped and he's sleeping with Max. Hey, bro. It's in the house. It's Jim Becker about to get birth as Jerry Falwell. Baby. It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more. Hot, hot, hot, it's in the house. Hot, scary heart's amazing right style from far now. A pro-floor puzzle that has no answer. Our old police surprises just for us. Hot, hot, smell of medicine. Yeah, why? And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we have a murder blood. We have a murder blood. We have a murder blood. We have a murder. It's how in the latest issue. Oh my, I mean, Harold. Oh, baby, let's super market check out Congress everywhere. And we're finally new to our spread. What am I always told you? The Harold is a killer man. The best cartile. Help me tell you, why am I the total? Metro Collins Jim Befeedy said he'd take to phone conversation with our team. I don't speak for the policies in the show themselves. And executive said they fired him because taping his illegal allowed consent. How do you like that? Okay? You love breaking the lunatics over there. And Harold fired Congress Jim DeFedius today because he'd take a court of the phone conversation with our team. And he was out of his knowledge. Both publisher, Hazus D. Anne's junior and executive editor Tom Yelwotrenchco's Featler said they fired the popular Metro writer because it's illegal for anyone to take a conversation with another person without the individuals consent in Flora da. The FED told them that during his interview with Teary turned out a tape machine to record his conversation as the politician invited him about his public intelligence charges financial problems other sensitive issues according to Diaz. At one point Teary told the comments he was not speaking on the record, but the FED continued to record him anyway without his knowledge Diaz said, Whenever trust a fat man, I'm telling you right now. That it codes me. Diaz said they heard I had no choice but to dismiss the FED because his conduct was potentially a felony crime and unethical. Let me say it again. Unethical. With all of our sources we have to treat them with respect and dignity Diaz said, I don't think we did that in this situation. The public trust is at stake as we thought. The public's trust, my ass, the result of his actions, Diaz said we have to make sure that the public understands that trust is the most important value that the community be still as upon us. Right. I think that 99% of the people in David and Broward wouldn't trust you as far as the Victoria, whatever he zoos. Featler who was in San Jose at the Hills Parent Company, not really said the decision to Farad DeFedee was difficult. Jim has been a strong and valued and fat voice that they are on him as departibly with significant void, fetus and a statement. I'm personally heart sick about this, but we must hold ourselves to the highest standard of integrity if we're to maintain the trust of our leaders and those with whom we deal. Those with whom we deal. Carol editors decided not to publish the FED's column based on his interviews with Teal because it was obtained under possibly illegal circumstances. The FED and Harold Colniss since June of 2002 would previously worked at Miami New Times. Stunk colleagues with the news of his firing editors were editing the final Teal stories for today's paper. As Teal was becoming unglued on the phone, I turned on the taper court because I could tell he was disdrewed and bouncing off the walls to feed you to the children of them doesn't stop at the newsroom. I made an illegal tape on the company to decide to fire my ass. The FED who didn't want to come in further issue a preferred statement. In a tense situation, I made a mistake. He said it hurt executives only learned about it because I came to them and admitted it. I told them I was willing to accept his suspension and apologize both to the newsroom and our leaders unfortunately, they hurled a Saturday on the death penalty instead. The FED had covered Teal for more than a decade when Teal was arrested for allegedly threatening undercover police officers who were tailing him in his wife. The FED wrote a constant mischarges to never been filed. And of course, it was the third three. I didn't like that. So my team was dead, Jim, the FED was fired and all of his crap. Fraced up the monotony of the summertime, I'll say a bad. Here's what we got on our pool so far. 278 votes. What's on Florida radio or TV personality? You hate like poison the most. Rarsalimba, 1160, nobody's going to touch that trouble hard. Rarsalimba is 33, Dan Labash, 28. Little George Rodriguez, 21. They hate you. But that's not too bad actually. And you're thinking you're going to win? No chance, eventually. No. Touch net 18, Steve King, 15, Mr. homophobia, Spilky's the rate 12. Mohour David and Hank and I are all tied with Yine. I didn't like that. Y'all need four, 20, sugar, about 03. And Lonnie Quinn's got one. Another weather, you're fair, Gary. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, and he provides me and sing it around his lines. Could I know we're leaving many names off in there? W2AM, hello. Q-I-M. Moving right along. W-I-M. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Yes, sir. Hello. Turn that radio off, yes, sir. I just did. Sorry about that. Okay. All right, Neil. Yep. Just real quick, I was watching the TV last night when they were discussing this whole field business. Two of them. Yeah. And they were showing you. It was the same thing like the old OJ syndrome, where they were utilizing him and glorifying him. And I just don't understand this whole culture of building up and flying balls. What is that crap? It's like, you know, there were such great public servants. They were corksa, roofing a bomb. Exactly. Corksa are more those in OJ's case, or a single ceiling. Exactly. So how do they get away with that nonsense? Just want to take a look at that. How do they get away with that? They're going to put it down. But where did they come off? I can't like that. I'm public television. You can also go over a bunch of ass-kissers, basically. Everybody wants to be very king. They want to purse their lips and kiss everybody's ass. Don't you understand it? Everybody kissy kissy. The only one that they didn't want to kiss is ass was built on. And that's because he was getting in the oral office. You know? It was a sexual thing. And they knew that that old man there. They got the answer out there. We just told them at the month about that. And so they just all piled right under that. But everybody else, including this Nazi, we got in there right now. Why should it come as any surprise to you? Whether it's a hair-mongering rum spell or a coral rove or any of these people. The media just sucky, sucky, licking, licking. That's what it's all about. Just like, well, let's create a scene in there. A couple of weeks ago talking about the big tini-tooled him. That Guantanamo is like a tropical paradise. It's heaven there. One of these vansuits, these terrorist complaining about. Right. If you believe the media man, you got some real tourists come out to you there right now. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, listen. You know, it's Mars Tio. Man, he was corrupt and he was a piece of turk. But I'll tell you what. You know, at least he didn't throw the race card out there. I got you got to give him that much. Right. I mean, like, O.J. You know, I'll find all that. I mean, he even even tried that. I thought that was so good. Well, I just think that the jetting comes down in the heroin stirrer system. And you'll see, well, it won't be long. And the far as too old, I said, I think one hole was already there. Probably. I have a great day, pal. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Oh, no. That's a good line. That's a great line. I don't like our general manager holding the head. He's not what they call him holding a head, Greg. Everybody like to get a hole in one. A roadside bombing killed former American soldiers in South Western Baghdad. And 60 Iraqi government workers died in the Hell of Gunfire. As they left, we're working on a Western engine. The capital. And six more Iraqi soldiers were killed in class with insurgents in 2000. North of Baghdad today, security stores and so on. There's dying over there. Iraq's transitional prime minister called yesterday for a speedy withdrawal of US troops. And the top US commander said he believed they fairly substantial pull out could begin mixed spring and summer. Prime Minister Ibrahim Al-Jafar, I said it had joint news conference with the 10 Secretary Donald Hermonger in Rome so. And you'll notice that Rome so as middle of the initial is age. Right. Donald Hermonger in Rome so there you go. That's a time as a round to plan a coordinated transition from American to Iraqi military control throughout the country. And get all our soldiers out there while they're still alive and maybe in two or three pieces for crying out loud before it's too late. And then of course once we pull all our soldiers out, it's going to be civil war in a real blood battle. And we'll say well, but if you put it back, now we got almost 1800 dead American soldiers. And if you look at the whole of coalition of the unwilling, you got like about 2000. I think we got to get like another thousand at least before we can finally pull them out and say we did our best. Just pathetic and the public sits back. But if you wouldn't look like that, just like that, Lenin's goofballs idiots. And what did I tell you about the human sacrificing with NASA? This space shuttle crack spending billions of your taxpayer dollars, accomplishing very, very little. And like I said, most of these scientific knowledge we get is from unmanned space travel. But nevertheless, and here we go with a foam again and the the tiles and butter meat. Well there's no problem just to make a hole in the side of the shuttle. Yeah. You saw that thing. It looks like it. That's right. But anybody get on a plane that had a hole inside that looked like that? Well, only if it was value dead. I see. Let's just stuff your facts to me here. Conspiracy theory alert. Just read the article from the Sun Sentinel on your website. Could be a problem here with supposed to be a suicide. Exhib from the uh, yeah article. Emergency personnel transported to the writer trauma center with Jackson Memorial Hospital who is pronounced at a 75VM. Rest you work I just read this two wounds in the back of his head. The previous paragraph said he said, just tell my wife I love her and then shut himself once in the head with a semi automatic handgun police said. First in strange that a suicide guy shot himself twice in the back of the head. One of those were ex-sign wounds. But don't people shoot once in the temple, mouth out of the head. Maybe he was running for the elevator when somebody shot him. Maybe somebody was chasing in there to hear what would you think? Just like with Kennedy, which you have to pay, we're going to make the exit wounds in entrance wounds or vice versa. See? See how they do it? I think it calls for like scall in the yard. Tell me about that bombing and terrorist crap. Okay, they should be used to it with all the IRA bombing has been going on over there for years. But we'll end in three minutes. So they say, do we believe him? Well, they, uh, Northern Ireland man, they're pretty more than then than just a couple of weeks. Well, I forgot to talk about we had the, uh, or Protestant marching days. Speaking of violence. Ha ha ha. Protestant marching days as we put on our orange outfits and run through your neighborhood to see how much who can get most pissed off. When it comes to sports, we're the out for. We're going to play your blind 60 times in a way. Let's just explain. We'll go to the door. Any questions? If you're home already, don't worry about it. You can't wait. Those are the old folks you've got. Let's get close your foot. No, you don't have to tell the truth now. Stop and play the house. All right, take this and check by the soul. Think the past. You've been a bitch and we won't tell of you can't tell. And you're not very ugly and awkward. And we'll keep you safe. All right, we can't hear the truth. Don't put the present down. Let's work every night out of the door. I'll strike the party down. Let's back for my life. You can't hear the truth anymore. Throw it away. You can't say that. Ha ha. Get a naked face. If that brings us a notice, We'll be at your feet. We'll find you again. And take your life to the right. All right, I'll throw it away. No, you can't hear the truth anymore. All right, we can't hear the truth anymore. Throw it away. Throw it away. You can't hear the truth anymore. I'll strike the party down. Let's go. You can't say that. You can't say that. You can't say that. Whatever it is, you want to say it? Can't do it. No, it's 11 or three. Speaking of mobile, he'll be here at two. Man dog and four. Marlon's baseball stuff. Later on. Later on. Speaking of Iraq, most important story, probably of the century. And the reason I think a lot of people are checking this out on our website is they see the headlines says Simpson upset about missing Iraq footage. Wrong. Simpson. When you see the most of the misoom that will be O.J. Yeah, but who cares? He's an anti-violence kind of guy. I got an O.J. story a little bit later on about that. The direct TV business, but we'll get to him. He's small potatoes. This is Jessica Simpson. A real intellect. She wants to know where missing footage of her and her husband Nicholas She's heroin trip to Iraq got to because she thinks Americans would like to see just how bad conditions are there. The pop singer's turn. By the way, no problem. I'll leave the key. Even though the problem is down there is usual. Because if your thing is malfunctioning, then what else you got to do with here? But no problem. It'll make you feel better. The pop singer's turn. The TV couple traveled to the war tour nation of the US troops as part of a recent ABC TV variety special and they were both left shell-shark by what they saw. Oh my God. But all the controversial moments in heroin footage of the trip didn't appear in the fun field TV show. Jessica Simpson says it was unbelievable. They didn't show a lot of what really went on with the enemy attacks and they're shelling. There was so much stuff that went on and somehow the tapes mysteriously got misplaced. It put everything in perspective for me. It really did teach me the definition of sacrifice. I can't even pardon them being out there right now. It was ready to come home immediately with no sooner. Jessica Simpson, how do you like that? It takes mysteriously got edited. It must have been a mistake when you think. Of course it was. It must have just been an oversight on their part. That they left all of that nasty bloody grotesque stuff out. Because it's bad for business. Speaking of bad for business, why 100? 25 minutes from now. I don't want to start and because I got such a huge pile here. I have a humongous pile. But at 11.30 we're going to have all that all those stats. The hour by hours in the shower and tower at power, but speaking of power, speaking of FM radio, a programming executive now in Y100, a top software radio station. Figures prominently in the New York Attorney General Elliot Spitzer's investigation in the PEOPLE and recording giant Sony VMG. How do you like that? Why 100? The anti-Christ, especially that footy. What an ice hole. God. I want to make here is there, let's see. Regarding your dump on, now we heard was a bubble of a minute and you dumped it. I didn't hear anything. He heard it. Well that was one of the best way we dumped it for. They still can't believe it. Who can? The audience, they can't believe it. We can't say that. Now, I'm glad they did hear that because that's a good idea of how ridiculous this stuff like that that we can't say. Tells your voice to relax, right? Good luck. From Rich. It says also the article in the Mami New Times published this Wednesday yesterday was, Tales of Teal, Slee's story, Sex Drugs and Ramped Corruption, scenes from Grant That Auto know it's the RT you never knew. My Francisco Alvarado and the Insight heading says, Mio Praspetutes and Multiple Mue mistresses, drug money in Gucci shopping bags, robbery and extortion conspiracies and you thought you heard all about it. Art teal. Check it out. This is what Push-A-Movement did. Have a good vacation, Rich. Hey, Art teal, you have a good vacation too. Okay. And how come there's two eggs and wounds on a head? How come there's two? There's only one bullet and two wounds, huh? Maybe like you said, it's one of their magic bullets. I went inside there and like the little you turned and the rattled around. Now, what a hook it every two eggs and wounds. It can only come out once. You can't have two eggs and wounds or entrance or wounds or two wounds from one bullet. What do you think, Art? I think we are in the something. On the green port. Yeah. Some of the news reports were saying that he shot twice, which I guess if you're fast. Yeah. So I guess that would tell the problem. But the police said he only shot once. What do the police know? Anyway, getting back to while in 100. A programming executive now at while in 100, the top-side photo radio station. Why is they got the same sentence on here trying to tell us from the hero. They have the same exact sentence here twice. I don't even see that. It is. Well, they're like hyperventilated. They're under a lot of stress right now. First of that fact, you have to feed you. You're fired, you have fired it. And a settlement between Switzerland, Sony BMG, announced this week, the multinational label agreed to pay a $10 million for a fight of a wood prosecution. According to the settlement, Sony BMG offered radio stations in their employees. Electronic equipment, vacations and other bribes who change for radio aeroplane. Contrary to the listener expectations, it songs are selected for a play-based and artistic merit and popularity. Airtime is often determined by undisclosed pay-off radio stations in their employees. Spitzer said, Donnie Michaels, a DJ and assistant program director at while 100. The top 40 station in Miramar. That's what it says here in Miramar. We see the laptop, Pips to Vegas in New York, other goodies from Sony BMG. According to documents released by Spitzer's office. Michaels received all of the gifts and connections of his work as program director in DJ at WFLY. Fly 92.3 and Albany. He joined by 100 in 2004. I see. So in other words, it wasn't by 100. It was him. But nevertheless, if the fish thinks it's a head, you know what they say. What did they say? Shoot it. One internal Sony EMA, dated January 22, 2004 states, we ordered a laptop for Dany Michaels to fly in Albany. He has since moved to Y100 Miami. We need to change the shipping address to Donnie Michaels WHYI. What? Other Sony BMG emails dating back to 2001 request hotel rooms and trips for Michaels. In connection with promotions for our top artist Mark Anthony Will Smith and Jessica Simpson. And in November 2001, EMA Michaels told a Sony executive what he needed for a list of give away two hot-looking DVD players. One DVD team in combo, Big Screen, Factscreen, Widescreen. Spitzer's office says, This person gives off and disguises contest prizes. How do you like that? Oh man. Michaels and executives of Y100 didn't return calls to the hero for comment. Y100 is owned by cheap channel entertainment. The company's largest radio chain, which also did not return a call. Three software radio stations, Miami's Zeta and West Palm Beach WPVZ and WLDI were victims of fake call and program, or Sony BMG paid callers to request songs by the label's artists. Company emails outline how the fake fan should sound. They need to be going out or getting a drunk or getting a hot tub or going club instead of email. From the director of top 40 promotion at Sony subsidiary epic records. How do you like this, Brad? Wonderful. Sony BMG is acknowledged that it behaved wrong. In promised to rigorously monitor his promotion and prevent further abuses. The 2002 hero report found out that payroll was rampant in Spanish language radio. The Vetsers investigation continues in other major labels, preventing universal awarding music group and EMI group. And a major radio change including clear channel and Amos communication, best, the Amos. How do you like that? All right. And here we thought that that was all over with, right. Sure. So fact that says our TIL killed himself because new times expose his liking of transvestites and male prostitutes just like Joe Gershene says, Mika Rue. How do you like that? Thanks a lot, Mika Rue. I wonder if he's been related to Jackaroo? Who does that? The crap on the sidelines and who's stupid as college football games? Jackaroo? What kind of a name is that? I don't know. Made up. Fan one. Jackaroo. What's that flow to radio or TV personality other than Jackaroo? Do you hate the like poison the most more than anybody? I mean, we realize he hate all of us like poison, but most. 234, Marcelim, 135, Riki Tiffy, Sanchez, 39. Stand up, bastard's god. I've heard him, man. This is audience. Hey, Danny Boy, you talk a big game, but where's the beef, baby? You guys have like kind of like settled out of like a medium about 18th whatever the hell they are. Don't let me forget to 1130. Okay. Well, okay. Come on. It's running in there breathlessly. Tell Dr. Ali the key. Okay. Just relax. George Rodriguez, 26, you're one on Danny Boy's ass. Todd Smith, 19. Mr. Humphold, Steve Kain 17. Idiot. He's the right 15. Go Howard David in 13. Hangover 13. The Elijah's. I only got nine. Damn it. Bill Riley's seven. Yeldy's got five. You got five, Yeldy. Tony's cigarette or four. And Lonnie Quinn's got a pair. What does she? He's at a... You're fair. Whatever it is. So many weather ferries and so little time, you know? Yeah. Kind of a mysterious occupation to be. Yeah. Well, good old Bob's so great. It was a good old heterosexual guy. He retired. And Bob we were. They are shoved him out to pasture. All the straight weather guys. They're like either retired. They got shoved off the year. And then of course what is done. No. Like done, no, a lot. He's good. You don't like done, no? I like that, no, a lot. Oh. You just so like. Wow. Didn't train. You know Bob's so pretty. Tom and his after a lot. He's not as bad as Bob's so profited at. We love you Bob. We miss you badly. Bob and Merle. I wonder what they're doing these days. You think they're doing it all the weather castes. Home and the sky. They're in the... Their castes are retirement home. There you go, right. That's the radio. The day we time it up. Yeah. The Emerile Coast is Florida's number one Asian group. Maybe a fade. That's as rated by is against the restaurant review. You asked for it and now airy Friday to Sunday night, lobster fest is back at the Emerile Coast by popular demand, featuring. Maine lobster served Thermador style. And you can still enjoy craft festivity. Now, we're at last in Snowcraft, Legs Dungeonest from... And Jonah Stone crabs. The man you still include fresh oysters on a half shell. with over 30 count of about 30 men. Different items. In addition, the Emokos has got your hand tar at prime rib and from their flaming grilled juicy, tendered, delicious New York states, cooked to order just the way you love them. Top off of fantastic feast would deserve it, the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain, where it can hand dip your own strawberry as marshmallow as other decadent treats too. This isn't just a meal, this is a real pig out. Emokos from O'Selfay Living 2 because they don't use any crap, no MSD, no cornstarch they cook, all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free, canola oil. But your reservations of one Emerald Coat 3 locations in Sunrise, Danielle's reach member of Pines for the Emerald Coat, called 9-5-4, 5-7-2, 38-22. What a concept sport! We are the story. Sports radio 5-60. 7-5-60, W-A-S, your public-minded, or whole-station presents as the teeth engineer of the four invited for you with a listener, two questions on, bracket engineering staff. You know, here to answer your questions, W-G-I-M-G-M-G-N, Terry Shival. I don't want to do no-Fingruder, W-A-M-G-I-M-G-N, cut-out or down to a fraction of a watt between ten and two. I'm not a big diet, and I'd like to know if I'm doing it right. Nothing else, we're all doing! Today, here's the 5-60 W-Q-A-M. Most Americans believe the US will lose the war in Iraq, 51 percent now, say Bush deliberately lied about W-M-D's 51 percent pretty weak Americans are like, well, too many among ones. Oh, it's bigger among ones. Guess what movie I watched a little bit of, I can't even watch the whole thing in last night, delivers. How'd you know that? Well, you said no-gwap. Oh, it was great movie, but I've seen it about a hundred times already. Gosh, it was corn sure it's facial in it. Oh yeah. Most Americans don't believe the US will succeed in winning the war in Iraq where establishing a stable democracy there, according to a USA today, CNN Gallup pool. But in Biblian public also says, and this is the part that is so sad, that sending troops to Iraq was not a mistake, as said that most people are not yet ready to give up on the war or just plain stupid. I think the latter is probably true. There's a lot of conflicting impulses, there's this Andrew Kohov directly, the nonpartisan Pew Research is an appropriate name for it, okay? Because there's a real stench coming from it. Oh, there is a geriatom. Sorry, it's not. She's not going to bother you. No more. I'm treating those of Sean's. Including those that you damn brits, silly ass brits, you're bunch of twits. The bombings in London this month have also royal public opinion, intensifying a night yet sold the beta among Americans about whether the Iraq war is maybe USA safer from terrorism. Oh, yeah, safer my ass. I'm not fear that a family member might become victim of terrorism spike in the survey, rising to their highest levels since October 2001, just after the 9.11 attacks. Meanwhile, in Baghdad, Iraqi officials continued draft the Constitution to August 15. In the poll for the first time on majority of Americans, 51 percent, say the Bush administration deliberately misled. Now, if that's the case, why don't we have impeachment hearings going on right now, okay? You wimpy, wimpy Democrats, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you wouldn't say that. Yes, we can. About whether we're a Saddam Hussein, that's if it's a here to the state of Iraq, the reason Bush emphasized them and making the, the case for invading the administration's credibility and issue has been silly, wrote Vincent's 2003. By 58 to 37 percent, a majority, say the US will not be able to establish a stable Democratic government in Iraq. At about a third, 32 percent say the US can't win a war in Iraq. Another 21 percent say the US could win the war, but they don't think it will, just 43 percent a victory. Yeah, big victory like Vietnam or like Korea. Still on the question that test fundamental. You know, also what was I watching the other day? I forgot. Oh, it was about Reagan. It was on the Discovery Channel. Well, it was a documentary. It wasn't a movie. It was a documentary about Reagan. And the whole business about the lacks, lacks security in Bay Route is what allowed the terrorist there to kill 241 Marines in the Marine barracks. And of course we followed it right up with. That's how we invade Grenada. Yeah. Number? Or? Oh, because we're worried about the communists and we sure won't take it over Grenada. It was like, it would kind of like arborged to the Faulkner Islands last melt Venus. That's a vague Grenada. It changed the subject. This is just absolutely outrageous, okay? But this is exactly what's going on in America because you can't say crap anymore. That's why we got 75 delays. That's why we can't play about 80% of the bits we got here in the computer because, and then like I said, what does censorship have to do with fighting terrorism? Certainly. It's one thing to try to make a connection between, well, Saddam Hussein's a bad guy and you have to make up all those stories. But what does censorship? What is infringing on your right to have free speech and your right to privacy like with a Patriot Act, parts of lunch are 100? What does that have to do with fighting terrorism? If you talk dirty, the terrorist wouldn't. Oh, is that what it is? I'm sure. And maybe President Bush's nickname for key political adviser Carl Roe, but some editors didn't think of a long been their news papers. About a dozen papers rejected Tuesday and yesterday's doomsbury comic strips and some of their pulled or edited them. The strips refer to Roe, the White House deputy chief of staff as turd blossom. Nevertheless, we got to know that was Bush's nickname for him. Right. I just call him turd. Please say, I'm editor at Kansas City based universal press indicate which distributes the script of 1400 paper said the complaints from 10 to 12 newspapers weren't unexpected. As a photo other times when editors have objected in a doomsbury content, the syndicated not set out replacement scripts. Given the coverage of Carl Roe, we thought it was appropriate, especially given the history of the script, say, let's say it. Doomsbury's creator Gary Tudor has infuriated some editors over the years with his language images and political themes because he's too honest and email to Tudor wasn't returned this week. Say on the said that since newspapers don't have to notify the syndicated when they choose to remove a script, it's impossible to know how many papers ran Tuesday's comic. In the script, Bush and an eight are lamenting the problems the administration said of the applications that Roe leaked the name of a CIA officer to report his, Bush says Carl Sherbin earned it as nickname lately. The young named AIDS says, boy genius, I'm not so sure if Sherbin Bush then says, hey, it's heard, why don't you get in here? The turban said it'd be one of several nicknames Bush uses for Roe of one of his closest allies who's widely credited for Bush's full-ning election in 2014, we election in 2004. The mainstream US media have rarely mentioned the nickname, but it's gained traction in the international press and on the internet. Oh God, for me, the US media would say, turbanism. I'm going to show Blossom. I sure do. Among those with concerns was the Providence Rhode Island urinal whose editors removed the offensive word from the script's final panel. I don't take taking out the word would hurt, as I could have entered a Joel Rosson said. I prefer to run a script and if we can edit it, that's fine. Is what he said. Oh, we're fine. Other paper searches the Kansas City Star. We moved the script entirely replacing with an older one. We thought it was in Bantace and probably unclear to a lot of people why we'd be using the term said Steve Schirck, the star's managing editor of News. Oh, give me a break. Oh my God. Fierce, he'll breath, even Joyce. Even Joyce, the anxious repressive Joyce who would know a radio if you stuff the Sony up for asked, even Joyce hasn't said, oh, you can't say turd yet. That's because we didn't. That's the most probably coming. That was probably on the way. 567. 560. 560. The Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Man, what a vast, awkward country America has become. And it's really sad for those of us who live through those years, those golden years, those glory years. I can't say glory anymore either. No. No. The glory. Can't say the whole word anyway. 26. 511 at 560 WQ and we got the award when he more gold. We're going to have to break. We're going to have like those hours. We're going to like the examiner. We're going to put under the microscope to stuff the scope, the telescope. Huh? Right. And find out who did it and who did it. What it comes to, who did it to this. We've got to see the first and out. Hey, what's up with your last exam? We just have to support radio by system. Go to Amsterdam to check in on Gardaway and attend the overseas work, Liberal Party News at 25F, Friday. He's been here for two years. He's been here for four years. We remember, next time you're off the door, though you're little children won't see when you score. Can you just walk through? Get your job out of the way to know it is. She called out, and her mother, who we do esphine, and that was the start-up, new way to make your life. Oh, father. First, thought, what is it off? I'm fully setting the building. You're gonna go go back to bed, love. Is it Marie? Then, now we stop mommy. Is it Diana? No, no, no, no, it's all Diana. Is it me? It's the Nanny, yes, and any underneath the ear. Why is it Diana underneath the ear? The long story, but... I've never really bad night's man. Not like the one I'm having right now, but back to bed, but you're back to bed, please. But what are you doing? I need you, Romeo. I need you, Romeo. I need you, Romeo. To evacuate. Please, please, Romeo. I've got your call, mother. Oh, what was it? I love it, oh. Hey, you. What have you done? Was it worth it? For just one night or one. It's over. Everyone knows what you did. You called, called, red hat. Five, only. Okay. 113, 27, don't know what we got. The 39, 99 votes on the full. We can make 700 today. If we really put our heads together, you know? You think? Sure. If we really put a... Sean Hannity for the pull. Let's begin his name, Monterrey. It's going to start moving up. Back to your says. He's the post-aborder for blind the Oconogen. The pure propaganda isn't funny. It's what it says here. A new study from Planet Jam looks at the usage patterns. A portable MP3 players iPod on her is the survey asked 30,000 radio listeners about their MP3 player habits. And I would affect their radio listening habits. Out of radio listeners surveyed 15% that they all you did get that thing. I said you didn't. Yes, I did. That's all. I've been processed. Out of radio listeners surveyed 15% that they already own. And iPod or other MP3 player with 24% said they plan to purchase one in their future. Out of current MP3 players, 203% said they current listen their favorite radio station. Less often now, though 13% said they listen their favorite station. More often. Why that would be a have no idea. When asked where they used their MP3 player most often, 44% said at home, 29% hit in the car, and 26% said it worked. Which of course don't affect us very much because that's mostly a music people. And of course, you can't complain about the music on your own. Florida. Because there was many. I'll say, apparently, six sorry. And don't forget about them. They're going to see, oh, here's the stuff from Duff already. Well, I'll tell you one thing. That child is really on top of it. Look at this. Man 25 to 54 now. You people are there that don't care about the ratings. Well, this hang on. Because I got this really good article, who's taking the blame for Christian violence. That I'm great. I'm going to read the minute. Good. That saw that. Yeah. Oh, that's a good one. You want to respond too. Thanks, Eric. By the way, it's a fine job. We did there on a stat. So we can see who's reading what a lot easier. A lot of people are reading that. And it's an excellent point. Anyway, here we go. And then 25.54. What is this? This is our least. Let's look at these poli, moly rat man. Look at that. Oh, I see it. Let me put a little circle around those four hours. All I can say is, wow. Wow. And look who it looks. How that drop off there. Oh, so do do do do. Yikes. See, one thing about when I'm not going to judge. You should probably shouldn't do it. Then I'll give my honest opinion. This place, this management screwed up so bad. You see the mad dog when he used to come on a two o'clock. He used to keep the same number. In other words, he would maintain the huge audience. We would turn over them. Now we got like a little bit more. Oh, don't know. Maybe that you and mo were kind of bonded yesterday. Maybe that might do it all the way. We'd be done very seriously. Five to six a.m. Let's see how the big goes doing. We got a 3.2 share. This is meant 25.54. Six to seven a.m. A 3.2. That's really rock solid. Not too good. Consistent. Seven a clock. The humper. Well, he's got a 3.4. A to clock. Now, oh, yes, yes, yes. I don't want to say I told you so, Clarence, you idiot. You quizzing you. You're fair. But, now isn't a judge can correct me if I'm wrong. A to clock hour isn't that the hour that the hank is had this awful hour windbag and Mike Burrini and all this other stuff. This tune-out crap is that the hour eight to nine? Yes. Start to make a little move there with seven with a 3.4. And then eight o'clock, a 2.4, and guess what? They don't come back at 2.5. It's the kissed death. You people will listen to me. You will listen to why I tell you. I don't care how many sponsors you got. I don't care how many of you got your head up. I was asked. It's a tune out. Okay, how many times can we hear? And how God, you crazy people, you bastards you. You're killing the hunker. You go to my head, death wish. Haven't I read the screaming about that? Yes, you were. What do I know? He's Jewish to be very flagged, 12 of them. And then so he's got a 2.4, and a clock, a 2.5, and a 9. 10 o'clock, we go to a 9.8. Love it a clock, a 10.1. Then brush comes on and on and on and actually we always go a little bit about him because I understand some of you can't help yourself. And 8.1, it's a noon and 1 o'clock and 8.6. Look at those four hours, baby. Circle them. Look at them and we've had a great come in there and kiss your ass on both cheeks and you're what? Has who? Greg. You're a close personal friend. Greg, we hear what is wicked and everything with a screw down in the building. Greg. Then so we got an 8.6 and 1 o'clock to a clock. We got back to a 2.5 again. So, mold goes back to the number one. You're going to go off. It must be those interviews with Gilmour Dougles nephew. Three o'clock, 27. Then the man dog and four o'clock a 5'4. Oh, thank god for the man dog. Oh, right. Then it's a 5 o'clock. He's got a 5'0. Oh, no, a 5'0. And then it's a 6 o'clock a 4'0. Oh. Followed by a 3 through mile, whatever. I mean the rest of numbers are insigimant. And one o'clock in the morning we have a 0.0. Oh, 40 news radio. We got a 0.0. Oh, man, nobody. Nobody is listening at 1 o'clock in the morning. Now, 2 o'clock we got a 4'5. So 2 o'clock, 2 o'clock. 3 that's when they're all the guys who drag it in from the annuity bar. The hot hour. 3 o'clock a 0.9 and 4 o'clock again. We got a 0.0. Oh, 2 hours there from that sporting news crap man. It's a killer overnight. I know that this cheap ass company that could have paid somebody to be on overnight. I understand. That's pretty sad. Okay, what's this other stuff he sent him in out? Let's see stuff you know make it into. Look at that. Look at that. I just want to say it one more time. Okay, because it makes me feel and thanks again to everybody who helped us out. We're number one. 9.1 share. 10 to 2. 9.1. Not a 2. Not a 3. Not some lame ass horse ball number. Not a 2.2. I said it was going to be a 9. Yeah, 9. 1 second is big with a 6.1. Let me say this to Paul and Ron congratulations on being number one in the morning. It's your help not having hours turn on. It's your help not having no competition. We got scaramerica. We got rush. We got waxy. We got competition up the old the earlobe. They got nothing. They don't even have like links in jinx anymore there from on Zeta since they went to spun you all. Or the sheets just keep pouring in here. That's good. That this could take us all the way up till midnight. I like it. 9.1. Big is got a 6.6. This is mid days. 25 to 54. 105. 4.4. And love 94 life life is got 25 to 54. What kind of man are you listen to life you're fairy magic. Frater on more the coast. HDR or by way HDR. That's not doing too good. Now what was the call out is on that. What station was that before? I'm taking. There was a cost station was that right. Party. Huh? I don't remember. With me no remember was the party thing. I don't know why didn't listen to that. Who bought. The party's over by the way. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. And it's definitely not this morning which you were paying in the attention. This is a new HDR and not doing much. WXDJ. Followed kiss. Yeah, kiss this. CMQ. WDR. WI and ZA are American. They made a little bit of a move. They got a 3, 3 there in mid pack. And they're taking a lot of I and factor tag with IOD. So they're taking many of IODs. Let's do the top show groupies. The people like Al Franken stuff like that. What's the stuff he's at? Oh Waxy. Well after the break we'll take a look and see how those big shots over there are of Donna and Waxy. The big sports nation and everybody saw a Fredo and peeing in there. Like Hank said this morning, I've said it right from the beginning. They got one guy over there. They got your rose. After that, it's not on. When it comes to me, it's not on. It's not on. It's real about your deal. It's real about my six feet. I'm a f*****. Who's pretty a five six feet? She's pretty a six feet. She's pretty a six feet. Start Ashley Simpson. Comes this year's most highly awaited concert album. It's Ashley Simpson. Barely lies. Beatric over hits as performed our stage. Right? He says a meme. The Monday. I'm waiting. Two zones. The ball is a ball. The ball is a ball. Ashley Simpson. Barely lies. It's a concert album that sounds too good to be true. It's almost as good as that. Ashley Simpson. Barely lies. Available. Wherever five music is so. So so so so. Working to new and five six. You never EQM. They will not listen to me. Man, he's at a worth. Hard asses. I've ever worked for or with or around in my life. Now look at the last year number. Okay. Five and a morning. You got a zero point three. What have they got on before a joke? Do we know Josh? No. Who knows who knows who cares? Six of clubs. I'm a good person. Toast. Toast? There's a five to seven year. Toast is on five to seven. Hey, you're toast, maybe. Five of clock. Got a point three and a six of clock. Got a point nine. Oh my god. Put it in the toaster in the Burnett. Seven of clubs. Joe comes on. Joe Rose. He's got a two two. He seems to be going around these days in the sports, particularly a two two. Hank, go beats the crap out of him with a three four. Okay. Like about 50% more. Got it. Got it in that hour. At eight o'clock. High ever. Once an hour went back and all that other crap comes on his radio station. And believe me, crap would be a kind word to use. And in a clock, Joe all of a sudden's got a three five and then an on a clock and three one and hangs started two four or two five and Joe beats the pants off of the fat Humper. The bumper. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, it's obvious. He's got the head start there. He's doing fine. Then all of a sudden we say, hey, everybody, two out now. We realize it's one dimension when it's boring and it's somebody who don't belong on a year in the first place with a squeaky voice from the Harold or the son sent over there from and you say, oh my God. When are these people ever going to be with it? Of course, don't blame Hank. You know, don't blame him. As opposed to Sam, well, we're screwing his show up. You know, clearance. Hey, currents. You're quizzing. You suck whole you. You're fairie. And anyway. See, you're 10 o'clock. They got a 1-8. Then they got, look at that. That 2-2. Man, that's going around like that's what you're doing. That's what you're doing. That's what you're doing. There's been 2-2. And it's going to come up with a clock. They got it. No one got a 2-2. One clock. The book sure comes on. He's zooms it up there to a 2-4 and a 2-5, which more edges him out in both hours. Not by much more. Hey, more. Pretty weak. Oh, God. Oh, my goodness. Really weak. Okay. I mean, it's one of those numbers. It takes a 86-year and turns it into a 2-5. How do you do that? He must have magic tricks. When he was in the yesterday, he used some magic trick for him with a shicard pants. Sock puppets. 3 o'clock, 2-9. What time is the faster to come on over there? 3-7? Yeah. Him and Mark Eisenberg. Oh, wait. Moneymark. I'm sorry. Moneymark. 2-9, 2-6, 2-6, 2-1. Mad dog just annihilates them all those hours. And then after that, after 75-16.6.3.2. And then from midnight to two in the morning, they got a point. Oh, why haven't they went ever crap? We got on sporting news radio. So you can't complain about the mail audience for sports overnight because it's so far. Oh, point. Oh. Yeah. To infinity. Now. Just out of curiosity, here's the Iwoodeen numbers. Did you see these? I did. Oh. Kind of interesting. No, you think? Yeah. Here comes on at noon. Rush Limbaugh, men 25-54. He's got a 3.5. Here we got an 8.1. And what a two hour. He's got a 4.2. Here. We got an 8.6 more than double. More than double in both hours. How do you like that fat? So you'll pill pop and hit that good piece of crap. You'll third. Who's sorry, Joyce? Who's third? Blossom. Blossom? Yeah. I like that show a lot. She was so ugly though. Yes, she was. The little- Was that the kid's name David Wozini? I don't know. Me and Bialic. Whatever his name was. And he was in that awful movie. He always kind of had that Robbie Benson syndrome. He never grew up, you know? You know? You can feel kind of like unteamed for me anyway. Anyway, what do we got on the appole here? I am just, I'm just feel so vindicated. Finally. Finally, there's the, you know, they wouldn't believe me because I don't know anything. But there it is in black and blue. Okay. Clarence read those numbers and we take a look at what I just said. You, idiot, you're simple then you. You're fair. God. That's why when you bang on the count of the springs on your mic. And we stand, we verbate. Do we? Yeah. Do we? Like that? Yeah. How about if I just, like that? 431 votes on Apollo. We got a shout of 700. If we get 700 by the way, Jerry Wichner, lessen his will. If Neil gets 700 votes on July 28, the 2005, he gets a goal start of Purple Jelly Bean. That great? Yeah. And I'm sharing it. I'm sharing it. I'm not sharing the jelly bean, but maybe the gold star. I'll tear off a little piece. What's on Florida Radio or TV personality? You hate like poison the most. We asked today. We got 431 votes. We're shooting for 700 day. Why? If we're good enough for our T.L.S. We're going to for us. Right. He shot himself twice for crying a lot. Why can't they get it right? The police, huh? But they know anything or what? No. 175 state at Hill Pop and Barcelona ball. And it's nice to see by the way that, how come we don't have the I&Z number under the hourlies. Duff. We do. Do I have them? Oh, here they are. They're there. I'm saying, they're the most interesting job. They're going to do that. What do they got? Pretty consistent when you said that's interesting. Their big hour is 6 to 7 and a morning of 3-3, but most of the rest day, they're all over the place. They're like, I got a bit. At 2 or clock, they got a 4-point one, they beat the pants off at a moment. No, no. Midday, they got a 2-8... 2.937 noon, 3-5... That's Al Franken. That must be Al Franken. And you see, he's taking Rush's audience. That's a breath of fresh air. the fresh air we always love that al Franken he's a real-life panic ride huh two of the four one and three o'clock in two a they beat the moment in both hours oh how embarrassing at four to go down with two five at six and I think at four four is now one they got Randy on thinks he's on a night in chief I don't know four four and three two with seven I believe she's on an evening that would be heard nice going Randy okay boogar ready for a center her ass I taught her everything she knows I listen to the young I listen to the news ready and I said like that let's see please give the rates for the rates I think they mean ratings for the following pathetic radio shows touch mid-dismitt myster let's see what's how he got the afternoon three guys something oh we also need to get WFCL tough at eight fifty WFT I'm sure you can do it he can now write it down he's got it so he went up oh is mr. ego Steve Kane forget about that I wait when I had the trends here what am I talking about the shipment myster in the afternoon three to seven WI-0D I guarantee you the man though kicks his ass and he does a four three two or you're not on a first page anymore taught everyone ahead of this glory days over kicking ass right they're down to a three seven will are from a three five or three seven but man though being some handling that's what they got in the afternoon touch mister ego in the morning I wouldn't be at twenty five fifty four that's not his demo is audiences ninety plus do we know what is it WNMA is that the name of that station he's on mister homophobic I know idea homophobic of WFT all by in the way in the morning oh we can also find out about bill around here they got a point three six to ten a.m. they're kicking ours in M.a. he went from a point eight to a one point one high school and Steve out he's kicking ass on the whole of his own school he has let's see midday what am I looking for uh... i don't want to look for a normal camp and l.m. and whatever that means I have no idea what that means congratulations on your ratings I do think George deserves a need to credit says Chris how do you like that you deserve major credit you and course Josh court is who's a little work to show his administration they both were ask it here's a hump or when he was really popular in the afternoon uh... what am I looking for i don't know that's good enough so there's the answer is I'm looking for uh... we don't have it yet the hour by hour for WFTL eight fifty on your job and we're a cancer man i'm sure that norm is out there hanging on the edge of a seat he's hanging on it here's what it says how about adding that schmiff guy and feel hungry oh you look so hungry on there are you sure we don't have none of the but we got the schmiff mice to know he's got a twenty four whole season very well he's run on your ass and review mirror at all times the rear of you yeah the rear view mirror isn't back to me this article i got so much to do and sold a little time you know it because i got sign track with these numbers i thought it would be good times stuff now that he mums in britain canada are standing up in public and demning terror acts as anti-muscle and against the teachings of the corran i wonder if pressure might be put on christian leaders to take a similar stand white whoever wrote his article calvin white in the Toronto star contrary to what some might like to insist christianity is not the religion of an eye for an eye but it's the religion of jesus refined those earlier directions and the school the tent commandments into two one with the love by neighbor as i's selves pretty definitive isn't as is the evening from turn the other cheek jesus expected to be betrayed he expected to be arrested by the authorities there was no expectation of a fair for battle there was no bloody attempt to stop the proceedings even as jesus was brutalized while carrying his own crucifixion cross and being nailed under the timbers there was no violent counterforce from his disciples not even an alchrye no matter where one reads the accounts of jesus the only conclusion one can come to is that jesus was about love so where are the christian leaders when it comes to violent actions by our western leaders where are the teleangelists to every Sunday take over the earth to trap the message of jesus when it comes to taking on bunker busting bombs and mass carnage where are they would have come to the death penalty prevalent in the majority of the american states when president George bushens says that billions of dollars need to continue flowing to the war effort in a rack which leads to more american body bags in a wrecky graves lies in the alchrye but on christian leaders stand up and challenge those decisions and passionately assert that jesus would have said another way solving the problems in this time when christianities on the rise all over america whether it's a growing surge in installing christian values why is it that when the board again bushens is fitted to fight them over there than on american soil no concerted group of leaders stands up and yells that he's got it wrong like bush but is prime minister toni bler is also born again yet their combined leadership has been responsible for the excruciating death and injury the instance of it in and at gannest and in a rack they both claim a righteousness in the policies of destruction they were even counseled by their secular allies not to resort to the carnage where was the equal pressure from the christian leadership interesting is that muslim fanatics use the idea of holy jihad and rewards and paradise to recruit their dups to terrible acid destruction and a christian circle there is the solemn assembling for prayer and singing of blessings for the troops and leaders in their mission of war interesting is that pulling through indicates that the christian right in america's in fattore against bad language on tv in the movies horrified by janice jacians bear nipple but drawn with considerable relish to violence in the same media the additional calling irony of jesus being embraced on the foreheads of those in command of the sherpas swords is that jesus was also about intelligence it was all about deeper understanding about using insight and keenness of mine to solve problems think of how the ferrisis tried to trick him by holding up different sections of the law to trick him up his disciples picking corn for instance in this working on the samat jesus answered that the samad was for man enough the other way around there was the adult adulterous ruby for him to be still and he responded at any without sin my cast of first on what kind of insight of bush and blaring employed what intelligence what deeper understanding is demonstrated by the tactic of blast and shoot with as much technical technologically advanced weaponry is available what compassion what recognition of common humanity is shown when the biggest concern is how to pad the soldiers with as much body care blaring the humbese with as much armor as possible so that can kill all the easier without casualties and thus retain the support of the home front how to our current religious leaders think jesus would react to the concept of collateral damage mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on q8 breakfast He's real tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. He's a tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. Olly just like you're going to Somora's first gegeben. Don't want to Caught all because you're going to Go and do another one. Go and do another one. Now, vayday daydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydaydayday the midnight night, the night spit. Huh? So this just<|en|> gullible gullible gullible. I've got to know even more good news, I have to apologize to myself and the audience, all these years years because you know there are stations that we have no idea what they do or what their format is and nobody listens to me or those ones are like an ansterisk in the ratings right so i've always thought that that 1470 was w nma well somebody who had amazing other stations like eleven or twelve something on the twelve can i believe that that w n and w n n as mr ego station and he's got a point oh and even show it never hands they don't even show up yeah so all these times have been saying always that a point in the other man i'm so sorry i apologize to whatever that station is and whatever crap they put them on the air w n n as in uh no right that incredible or what here so there's the answer to this fact that could you please give the ratings for a Steve King who's on 1470 w either rating is a oh at least meant 25 to 54 no show none zero they don't exist also what says he has a flamer named Brian Craig who said he was visiting you in the hospital with norma camp that's right and you offered him a chance to live with you how to remember that but back in the day i might have how tragic is this soul well yeah how tragic are all of that little entourage over there with a very small a him and uh and the nick Lawrence and who's the other one and the big fat Richard uh s and that's in mergae and s and which looks like he'd been doing a lot of that for you anyway since they say they don't uh subscribe to our retribution they don't could you give us the important numbers well the number let me see the only one number you need to keep in mind for a w n n oh oh oh oh oh it's a heaven that's why they don't subscribe because number one again afforded number two they don't have any audience that's embarrassing i mean wait the lowest rated station on here is w at least in the afternoon w gna which i think is a palm each station yes and if oh wait now it's extra tough we got the fcl number it's nice stuff you're fairie eight fifty with that big signal that was going to be that big thing and i remember Jim sir and you're writing all you sports savvy listeners on a part of button because i guess these to be remember they try to be all sports for about five minutes right and norma's say norma i hate to break the news deal you're not a broadcast so you're going to broadcast you're going to broadcast you're not a broadcast you're on uh the light bulb junior whatever this is and you're never going to be okay mr. wannabe you're not a ball player you're not a broadcast you're okay stick to what you do plastic we figure out what that is god five this look at this several hour and one two three four five six seventy ten hours which is almost half the day they got a point oh date and broard a oh woo heavy duty this is men twenty five fifty four i'll see what's their big hour their big hour is two to three i know one to two they got a point seven two to three they got a point six oh i guess who's on them though here is the bill or rally answer i was looking for he's got a point five a point seven and a point six never breaking a one oh is the first number then at four clock and norma can't sound from four to six guess what he's got in both hours you're giving one guess you need one number oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh zero oh oh point zero oh that's one norma you really put them over the top oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and it's six whatever's on after him does better because they got a point nine ten hours they don't even show and date and browse so when you're wasting our time for okay i should have saved that i should've saved it to anyone oh i'm sure she's listening right now she's back from um stodom that is really on the so there you go bill or rally went from point three to a point four at least in the mid days that's something making a big impact in soft order not this is some pretty interesting stuff this time you know get it you think for nine it's something told about thirty seven minutes i'll tell you that oh and here's some more stuff monthly numbers look at this look at this look at this trip i'm looking forward to just mostly for this trip tend to see i see that look at an April we had a thirteen point six and holy moly rat man what's that i don't know good old we do in April i don't know may a five point nine and June a point seven that's pretty impressive stuff Greg that's pretty impressive stuff you ought to be like kissing my ass ought to be on the ground head to be in there right now just kissing all both you guys you ought to have you ought to have your checkered pants down to your knees you ought to be kissing kissing all of your uh... back to max side is what you ought to be doing a kian cizy offered bill Clinton forty goats in twenty cows do you see the story no didn't see it a kian cizy offered bill Clinton forty goats in twenty cows for his daughter's handed marriage five years ago to still waiting for an answer he wants to see and let's see forty goats in twenty cows i think i think uh... i think uh... i think i'm going to come up with some better than that yeah so some better than her i mean not the a ghost in cows godwin kimoye checker gore whatever hell's name is told to eat that for a standard newspaper last week that he wrote to put asking for chalsey's hand in two thousand during the then president's visit the kina can you believe it checker gore thirty six year old elected city counselor in a crew rule recounted right into the west president to the kian government he described his plans were grand wedding presented over by south america no bell peace price winner our bishop dismined two two you see how that two two keeps dropping up all over the place like on his last year numbers two two he named then president Daniel i wrap moye rhymes with dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot and the president of the university as references that's Daniel i wrap moy moye moye as opposed to dot dot dot dot dot i see the women shall see i would have had a grand wedding he told the standard interview published for a day during Clinton's recent visit to kiania checker gore said is letter phrase Clinton's leadership in recommended his wife senator hillary for steady by her husband like an advocate woman in the facety monica once he's scandal what what does that mean i reckon they're loyal over there i see stand by your man the electoral engineering graduate city promised to pay as would be father of twenty thousand forty goats in dowry for his only daughter in accordance with African tradition but he said the letter prompted security checks on him is family in classmates as he was summons of the form ministry in i robber for meeting the miss because of his graduation from university members on i robber trio he used to do that was the theme for money co-vaccial corsied out but book of rind us an actual security intelligence service officer told us that the letter probably never made an out of the office we gathered that this man was a teetah were it would an a staunch christian who seemed to have been struck by Chelsea and i thought maybe just a joke too far he said to purger about her main single-foot gets an answer to his proposal to marry Chelsea who's twenty five he's thirty six i think it's a nice maiden heaven no two sure speak of oj a well we get to that story after the break the oj Simpson more problem talk about a slime ball or whatever the guy said that we tried to dumpy for we hate you like poison oj we despise you we wish you would die a wicked horrible death or just being a lot of excruciating pain maybe those knees really hurt bad we can only hope and pray okay i think it's a racial thing his knees what's not for the radio or tv personality you hate like poison the most rarsley and what a total is got some big numbers in the morning tussie oh what a bunch of silly people playing radio let's play radio everybody's a broadcaster no wonder we have many martensan so much rarsley ball one evening nine rickson says sixty dandelobaster thirty eight day hate them don't forget marlins been when the world series the cubans wanted speaking of cubans your drug biggest thirty five touch the twenty seven feet came twenty two mr. homophobic and i apologize again to w nma for whatever that is nma hey gober twenty one scookies away twenty bill or rally eighteen more how we're david uh... eighteen you're a truly fourteen shun handedly nine twenty-two eleven six yel these got six votes lony quintu and fill hungry zonard and have one are you sure not a one man they don't hit him like for just disappointed i think will be the word right we don't hit them but we're bitterly disappointed right he kind of turned it around and is opinions too but you know he's got a was survived everybody's got to live with their conscience and obviously he won't have one this one hit like when he lied to us when the passing butter i don't remember that right problem in a certain no at least he's consistent at five six d doubleqm the moment another one more one hang fan web something is really embarrassed aminies Oh, I got it. So little number, I wrote the other day, one had duck hunting with a judge. Why? I don't know. Boo! I said to you very much, he can see me. I said to you that I much, or finally mean. Five thousand bucks of feet, and so I'm really out of luck. That's more than high, it applies for surgery, me. But so much, he said, much, the FCC, for proving that three-speed-saving three-speed-saving free. Clear channels and dear channels, so how it's done must go. A term, a general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so. His charging twice as much is all the drugs for rush-we-mode. So if you want to learn very much, you better much steer Mr. Book. Or he'll row a curly sitting on your toes. Or Halle Burton, and row them all the companies of pale. Let's send them a clear signal, a strict Martha straight in pale. She's another two rich, and a police team isn't pale. So if you want to so bear very much. So you think for us to change me too. You and everything you do. Your pace may come as be a face. You haven't gone on Mars, as far as I'm concerned. You're just a face to face, don't fall. And that's for combing the leaves, as she's sitting. So like your toes, so feel sure they're very much. So feel very much, E.B.A. For giving all the maskers all away. It really is a bummer. When I come to my bummer, he goes on. So no girls are now the normal she had to say. The new cure is a game. I'm going to take care of the TV now. So you also bear very much. So what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. You also bear very much in at 5.60. WC, a little touch, very word for George. Yeah. And that is that when the next trend comes out. Of course they don't do trends anymore. Remember that's just pretend it's not fair. One of them will last. It's going to be dropping off that huge bogus. I mean, you're a girl. And so then of course they'll blame it on you. Of course. Because you're not going to go down at that point. Well, and I'm used to that. I see. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hey, did you happen to see the quotes from Steve Kane on the edit. I'm facing the Sun Sentinel today. The article about the quotes saying why, which one? I read it. I got the article here. No, it was just a quote. Now, the bottom of the editorial page under quotables. Yeah. Well, it's the first of the all. Steve Kane is school board member. That's all. Yeah. I just wanted to know if you'd read it or not. I don't want to tell what to you. It's so funny. Well, I don't you might have told me. Welcome. I'm shipping my card. I don't have to pay. I see. Anyway, moving right along. And we have a little bit of a little bit about that. Mr. homophobic little later on. Has nothing to do with that. Has to with this so-called diversity board. But my eldest of the crap. I told you when I started that diversity committee business was a joke. And then one of his chronic listeners gets him put on their mystery. And he goes, and then now, all of a sudden, the same chronic listener, I hope you're real happy Marty Rubinstein. Whatever her name is. Yeah, that's his name. Marty Rubinstein. Hope you're real happy as stuff is asked on there. And anyway, getting back to OJ. Now, the person we hate like poison. A federal judge has ordered former football star OJ Simpson to pay him $25,000 and damages for parading satellite television signals from direct TV. How do you like that, huh? A rat. This man is just everywhere he goes. No matter what the story is, it's bad, bad news. Let me forget about a little murder. Oh, man. But now he's dealing with direct TV signals. US district judge Joe Leonard, a word of the damages, plus attorneys, fees of the cost after granting a motion for some where he's judgment in a civil suit, followed in Simpson. Anything to say for yourself, OJ, you lunatic. I'm a cool woman. Well, we know that. Everybody, unless of course you want to make it into a way. You want to make it into a racial thing. In a way that Simpson's home in Miami in 2000, on federal agencies, illegal devices known as bootloaders, that a 30 set of reuse to steal television programming. Bootloaders, eh? Load this. The judge basically is not us our right to jury trial. So Simpson's attorney, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, Yale, and Yale, and Yale, and then, after, reach late Tuesday, while driving home in Pelting, rain. This is in the Eurasus, a channel's six website, or four, whatever it is. Sox. Go land through it, and I have the utmost respect for this, OJ. This is where we were with the findings of this decision. Simpson was aware of the Friday ruling, to land, or added, asked whether Simpson would pay the damages of the cost of the attorney, said, we're examining our legal options. We bought our day in court, but direct TV executives were pleased with a long-awaited ruling. The evidence was overwhelming since the devices seized and Simpson somewhere connected to his TV, and an operation in receiving unauthorized signals at the time of the rates at Dan Fossett, executive vice president of legal and business affairs, of the El Segundo California based direct TV in corporate. The judge has made the proper ruling based on the evidence, and the fact that Simpson did not dispute the evidence he said. The land through it has said he has ten days to respond before the summary judgment stands. He could file a motion for a re-hearing as one option, but has an inside the at which course to take. Will they simply acquiesce and pay the direct TV fines? You know what I think about me, go later, respond and I don't acquiesce to anything. Try to fulfill the final fines as soon as he can suspend off the Brown family, right? Greg Goldman family, and all of these things. All of these things. All of these things. Right. It's never. Wait till health reasons over at an O.J. is going to pay up. John Charles, the manette, the manette, the manette, what's his name? Manette's. The Brazilian guy that he's trying to hit in the head. Oh yeah. How do you say that? I don't know. Manette's. That guy was not wearing a heavy jacket. It might have concealed a bomb and did not jump to ticket barrier when Charles bought armed to plain clothes, police, his cousin said yesterday, speaking at a press conference after meeting with a metronpollum police in London, Vivian Figurado 22 said that's perfectly persevered. The Frenchman had a 20-year-old cousin in Canada and he could be killed in the state for suicide bomb, and Friday at the Stockwell tube. He used the travel cars. He had no bulky jacket. He was wearing a jeans jacket, but even if he was wearing a bulky jacket, that would be an excuse to kill him. Flying by the demand that he's family-solicitor, Gary Ferris, and by the anchor, the anti-air-wack work camp painter, she condemned the shoot to kill policy which had led her to her cousin's death and vowed that what she called the crime and Mr. Guerrero, when she shared a flat with him in Talsville, South London, although we're living in circumstances similar to war, we shouldn't be exterminating people unjustly. Another cousin Patricia Vesilva, our money 21, said he was in Britain. He, Patricia, was in Britain legally to work in study giving him no reason to fear the police. Hey, Patty, how you know, my guess got to be Patricia, right? Yes. And his and man has been killed as though he was a terrorist. She said, oh, this is he said, she said, oh, over to please. I see, he said that the guy, I, I, I, I, I, I understand this. Follow. No. Said that the John Charles was in Britain legally, okay? Oh, she said an incredibly grave error was committed by British police. This is probably wouldn't even more poorly read. Mr. Demaine is this, which, at seven times in the hate and once in the short or it's any unless Friday afternoon followed from Talsville, Scotland, the Art initially claimed to be war bulky jacket and jumped a very, when police identified themselves ordered him to stop. The same day, the McComiscer, Sir Ian Blair, said the shooting was directly linked for the unprecedented anti-terror operation on the streets. He didn't wear a bulky jacket and he didn't jump the first other net. You know, don't make it up. Well, don't do it again. Anyone. Miss Camag, yeah, even though he's a cool under heels, I guess Bill Camabalong's on there right on our pulmonary, we'll stick him on there. Stick him. Hey, Billy, you're fair. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Town five, 60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. We're going to make our seven hundred and aew. What? That's important, man, to us. It's mighty important. Not as important as getting a big number of the ratings. Five, 17. We got a shot. I think. Art Teele said. We got a shot. So Hank says that the, and I would imagine that the new times thing based on the a word that we got from one of our fancers put it over the edge. That was our minute like he said he was, all these, all that stuff. All of these. Wow, they said it on the TV. So it must be true. Oh, and of course it was in a Harold and it definitely might be true, but probably who knows. How many QAAM? Hello. Good afternoon. How are you? Yes, sir. Great. Thank you for changing my mind on the whole Bush regime. You're welcome. Yeah, it took a little while, but it's only second. And I have another flame or like Bill C'mon. He's on Channel five up here in Palm Beach County. His name is Rob Locola. Don't you weather? I'm building that. Yeah, local call. Okay, thanks a lot and have a great life. I'm really talking about nobody in doing it. Was anybody in our audience watching Channel five or said that he people and probably don't. So we're pretty here, but no thanks. A lot of flame or weather furries out there. Yeah, that's just the ledge. Of course, we don't know. Especially since we have no idea who that is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 in the horizon, singular wireless line. What's kind of like anti climactic now, everything isn't enough to see. Yeah, no, no, no. I don't know anything with ira ira. Hey, ira, you may not be a bad guy. ira, just go away, okay. Don't come back. I'm sure there's a season. Huh? I said I'm sure they're making plans to retool. Oh, as we speak. All I can say to that is. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. She random. You can't wrap all is slime all the time. Well, I'm Jeremy Linje will come to write me a long story. My worst topic when I woke up today. Put plenty beyond any state of sex we lean or see. I saw people prefer with the gay sign on his head. Was an upside down child's world. Upside down dry, I go purple thinking to Hey, Taylor's early Where is just when I thought things couldnt get worse I know what to see was carry No little first now I can't let call this a children's joe I'm a big person but I have a brown bowl He doesn't look so far I know purple thinking to hear Upside down dry, I go purple thinking to hear I love to train your bones The purple thinking to hear is coming Well most of our Christian kind is hard to believe But on the Taylor's Tubby Summary is a TV screen It had a purple thing that's pointing straight at me That was blowing an eye through the hole in her face Very follow up as you've had for an hell I'll see you later So I think he Barney and Big Bird didn't make much progress to her to her period in brown public schools at a school board meeting on Tuesday but many who support that diversity DVD, starring those beloved children's characters love to meeting with a sense of victory anyway The reason school board members condemned anti-gay comments made by some diversity committee members who are appointed by the board There were unfortunate things that at the meeting I repeat those that school board member Marty Rubenstein and he attack on the gay community I like into the Nazi attack on Jews during WW2 And I scored Marty you got your good boyfriend on there How good move? Is there some big surprise there? School board member Robin Bartelman said she was concerned by statements made by diversity committee members and intended to bring forward a resolution next month reaffirming the board's commitment to diversity, tolerance and respect and school board chairwoman Stephanie Kranz said the comments did not reflect the message that the district or board has ever said forth plenty to the district's code of conduct anti-bullying efforts Character education program and under discrimination policy During the diversity committee's education Steve Kane, a radio talk to host and member of the committee said even in the liberal group they understand that these people are trying to mess with our kids minds and introduce all kinds of activities in the name of tolerance The diversity committee voted 10 to 7 against the video in May Stratten pollitzer, South Florida Director of Equality Florida 2 They called the school board member statements encouraging We needed an acknowledgement that the ugliness of this debate is never fucked a school district pollitzer said pollitzer ADO Florida Regional Board Chairman Dennis Kinnon and five other spoken support of the DVD on Tuesday were not one side of an argument pollitzer said were community under attack The debate over that we are family DVD and accompanying teaching materials sponsored and part by the any information league was sparked when focus on the family founder focus focus focus focus on the family founder James Thompson wrote that children's entertainment figures were apparently being hijacked to promote an agenda that involves teaching homosexual propaganda to children While the diversity committee voted against recommending the DVD for using brow schools it was a curriculum screening committee's recommendation against using the carried away the screening committee said the DVD didn't meet Fcat preparation or some science states states says how do you like that huh bunch of old crap bunch of crazy people wrote about that running around talking crap speaking of James Thompson and hoax focus on the family and board again a full need to talk show host who still have a point oh book no matter what he's put that audience in a phone book impact it's him and a phone booth it's amazing that mr. reggo's got 24 votes on a full mr. homophobia and that's uh got at least double his audience what do you think? at least nice going Steve O'er you'll learn a tip you do fairy WQAM hello hey hey don't worry okay sir hey listen between um beating his wife murdering her uh satellite road rage and some grand slammer kids got going on he's doing it man he has a guy he sounds very busy oh well I know a lot like Norma Ken will a busy work of our mistake instead of a serious satellite uh contract from a bullet here hey hey hold your breath yeah okay okay I'd like to ask valia Norma see you can't be all things to all people Norma if you wanted to really be a you know a big shot radio agent which you're not but if you wanted to be you could like have concentrate on that too late now horses out of the barn I'll take the money fine and he gets very indignant and uh offended but but you know you can't you know a little of this little that kind of like life as a hajpah to that sort of a baseball card guy and a little bit of a baseball fantasy baseball and fantasy radio broadcast all of a sudden stuff yeah they oh point oh got no measurable audience in there Norma I mean maybe you need the cash and spite of what you're always saying but nevertheless pretty sad could have been a contender maybe you could have been a contender you could have been uh right there you know I'm saying yeah I don't think could have been long for to ride with people that might have taken care of you all the way doubt if they might have certainly better needs people that hate you like poison that teach you like uh human garbage like swill speaking of a swill at least we write into Walmart what a good segue excellent you can't find the Pensacola news you're in the Walmart anymore you want to know why why here's the article it says the store ordered us off their property told us to come pick up our newspaper racks and clear out so we did from the Pensacola news zero a few people call last week some even were letters to the editor wanted know why they couldn't buy the newspaper at Walmart and they is after hurricane Dennis some managers at Walmart didn't appreciate a columnar called Brian were last month about the downside of the cheap prices that Sam Walton's empires brought to America we all pay a little less and sometimes a lot less at the grocery store in department store because of mr. Walton the founder of Walmart mr. Walton felt a brilliant success model business model allowed him to undercut the prices of his competitors he made sure that the blue jeans is to settle where cheaper than the jeans is to sit down the road so and if some store had a two-for-one special on boxes of crap macaroni and cheese Walmart would have a three-for-one special leave it to old markets columns run four days a week in this newspaper to find a downside to this actually it wasn't marked with Thomas Freeman the world is flat which happens to be a best seller right now I don't mean to rev salt and the wool but here's what Mark wrote I like Walmart prices the same as the shopper but there's a downside too many Walmart employees lack of fringe benefits and insurance that make the difference between existence and a good quality of life and we customers pay a surcharge from a different pocket subsidizing health care for Walmart employees who can't afford it Mark then described how Friedman's book pointed out that more than 10,000 children of Walmart employees are going to Georgia health care program which costs the state's tax period nearly ten million dollars a year Mark also pointed out that a year of times report found that 31% of paces at a North Carolina hospital where Walmart employees are on Medicaid. Mars column really wasn't about Mr. Walton's store but about Pensacola and how we're becoming a Walmart kind of town keep in company on the surface lots of unhappiness and hidden costs underneath that was the point Mark was trying to make Bob Hart one of the upper managers for Walmart's in the rate called me and said he didn't like Mark's column didn't like a lot of Mark's columns I told Mr. Hart at on the hospital are some of Mark's columns either like the one he wrote about charter government which is can't be a county's head put on a ballot for voters to consider last year Mark said that charter government proposal was a mess and that people would be fooled to vote for it. I've claimed it like that column especially since the week before I'd written something that said charter government was the best idea since sliced bread. I'm Mark's boss you know he ought to give it me a little more respect than that but Mark's piece is mine and truth be told that's what he gets paid to do even though it kind of hurt me when nearly 70% of the voter set of with Mark and rejected charter government Mr. Hart however said he and his story couldn't tolerate newspaper that would print the opinions of someone who is as mean and negative as Mark O'Brien but you know Mark's not nearly as ordinary as that lettering raffle razzer Molly Ivans who's called newspaper also publishes and any rate Mr. Hart said he wanted the newspaper to get its rack off his lots but he also said that if I fire Mark we could talk about continuing to sell the newspaper to stores the Walmart is a company that wraps himself in red white and blue I might understand that if Walmart said out of firemark because what he said was inaccurate but that's not the case Mark accurately reported that there were 10,000 children of Walmart employees in a health care program that's costing Georgia tax period nearly 10 million dollars a year shouldn't we talk about that when we stop listening to people on the other side of the fence when we try to silence even punished people for thinking differently than we do and raising facts and figures we don't like well we won't be right white and blue anymore that's why Mark still has a job and you can't buy a Pensacola news journal at Walmart anymore how do you like that huh do you want to talk exactly what's going on coast the coast from pillar to post the administration of course experts in that suppress and control and intimidate and threaten the media that's what it's all about twelve fascism is what it is does it know I just mentioned that in passing copy twenty one till one at five sixty the lonely rate I mean the highly rated more Howard David did a couple of tough hours and it was that one was the drop off again from the one to two all you are relentless bastard I am I mean there's just so shocked I mean where is it oh yeah from at eight six to a two five oh my god that is tragic I guarantee if we had an eight six in the final hour you look back to the other books year after you mad dog would have like a seven nine they won't be right in there you know they keep for they say with us follow what I'm saying oh sorry I'm a lot you should have told them that yesterday when you were like doing your little cross-dressed together when you were like a just an is a must grant for any of the point of the whole series we need fewer people's motherhood laws on a year who is it he has for serious at one time some I don't know Josh must somebody that some produced some some producer or some who's that you know what I'm talking about wasn't it somebody from like mirror max films or something yeah that's right there was somebody famous so let's just alone it was I don't know I heard he has slides to loads great on beat for son is what it was it's something to do with Bruce will this is that that actually in Bruce will a son or was it like a might have been I don't remember that's pretty exciting was Bruce will yes like I said keep it up my there's a haircut idea from twenty before twenty before one in five sixty w q a m oh that's supposed to be the rejoin I was going to me yeah that's what they did it all welcome come and read this uh... you people murdered our deal by the way now he was a slime ball in a crook and a bunch of other things in a pervert nevertheless you people put a moment of age at new times good job you know that not not not that you've heard i was just a new fact tales of teal i mean is a front page story and you have a look at a man with a all the drawing like uh... like the devil is in there run run believe what up at a little tales of teal sweet stories male prostitutes and multiple mistresses drug money and go to shopping bags bribery and extortion conspiracies and you thought you heard it all about artiel but you don't hear any more unless you want to be this article new times that i'm going to be it goes on for pages and pages i mean i just printed out a little bit here and i just shut it off because i don't want to waste my fast paper to share with you a little bit our teal is a man of very big appetites and because of them is a very very trouble now yet he's dead as the investigative report below indicates the most powerful politicians possessing of a seemingly insatiable craving for all things illicit and don't have a sex illegal drugs bribery and extortion three weeks ago the west of turny charge teal the twenty six cons of meal fraud wire fraud and money lottery authorizing from schemes and my international airport or you can't tell me there's anything stop rose going on at the airport uh... oh no man those allegations followed earlier criminal charges brought by the date state attorneys office on march to teal is convicted of threatening police officer after confronting undercover cops were shadowing him as part of the corruption investigation we put it here in the new times which resulted in ten penalty counts of unlawful compensation and october trial they just been said in that case i don't think he's going to show you the teal investigation was initiated by the state attorneys office which you date police department effective to the legal and the work police reports generally don't make for lively reading this one is different reads like a worker fiction and for many people who thought they knew art teal juniors report may well be fiction may as well be for a terribly one-man could have had so many different person is also many different lives simultaneously and then it goes on it's got the police reports and surveillance in a distance and but it would put up and uh... it's a goes on forever so if you like to kill some time that's what i'm not going to put it on our website because number one it's to it's just too long and congress and number two why i'm not going to man what he's dead it's nothing but a lot of the one that they're down something not going to be there go ahead give me kick now pokemon the stick uh... you are a bans two man who are real advanced was quick enough a master they should have did a lot of talk in a uh... didn't you know they talked to talk but they don't walk the walk that's the problem that are waxy okay they got like other than the little dog over there under the joro's and the reason actually the reason he did well they eight nine o'clock hours and because uh... uh... we handed her over to him just like we handed over that super as polis on several because we're very generous here at qa and here you go we're gonna put our on for now we know everybody's gonna tune out and turn over to joro jol mama man what and what and that's that's an infombia remember in the godfather's that's an infombia whatever i was what was it drugs though that's right it's an infombia so drugs and little kids what's that for radio it he'd be personality you hate like poison most of all on the ridges are you probably hate like all of us a little bit some of us alive but which one most rush limba two hundred and eleven pop up and that's kind of hearing uh... hypocrite rush how's well medoo and how's the oxy supply coming huh and how many doctors you see this week but thirty minutes sorry ricky tiki says sixty eight dandelion bastards forty two they hate to like poison they wish you would croco wicked wicked death joro joro righ history eight the he too thirty three steve came twenty five that's big for god's audience you can stick in like a teeny tiny phone booth bill or i twenty four also in south of big big listening audience the hopper's got twenty four more hard david is got twenty two dot dot dot dot dot which will be the very twenty one try and the fifteen time with me well that's a great that i won't be the other i don't want to have nothing to do with that one uh... twenty cigarettes seven guillotine bill comale she's got four money quince three and feel hungry's got uh... the whole year we lost off in air poll castred over well which is a lot of people are hit the that's favorite like your poison i know they do let's take a month well that's the commander poll castred over take months when's liable case over drug reports i got a big pile here you know i might speak of call in or two like line nine we haven't taken all day q a m yeah i have three things you know yes sir uh... the first thing is a hypothetical question okay one of the satellite companies will forgive the city of the not gonna happen any voice your times i can have a number two okay and it's you playing uh... the new cd by larry king's wife i mean your pardon uh... larry king's wife has a new cd out and he okay the answer is all and number three okay last time i saw me will rages he was with kiny rages and he was walking out of a royal rages restaurant i don't want to take this uh... and i'll take this on us together and i'll take this on a beautiful door of kayaking she's the apple of my life i think we'll report you should get from who who is this you know who is this did they just open the door belvie will let you want to know right here lost what was that uh... it was i knew it's going to be good i knew it was going to be that you are huh that was a crazy person i see well anybody would be talking about larry king's wife you have a plan i'd do it is that we've been playing that all day tomorrow i'd like to play music okay if he isn't in a good call yeah i'll play larry king's wife yeah player a lawyer for kiny will you listen to me about kinyos for gavallary king's wife a lawyer for kinyos they're the british supermodel had accepted substantial libel damages from a newspaper that led to you collected of a coma and taking cocaine how do you like that they must have a a continues with uh... i want to go to his daughter no well doesn't that what you have a coma and uh... you know all those things with the government all of these things an article published in britain's sunday mirror and on the newspaper's website in january alleged that during a visit to barthaloma spain in june 2001 mosques left into a drug and dozed coma had to be revived after taking large amounts of cocaine large amounts the allegations are unflu mosques lord jrard to rell said wednesday to rall said publisher mirror group newspaper's limited accepted that the allegations were false and should not have been published he said to two parties in the week on a substantial figuring damages but didn't say what the amount was probably a few thousand but thirty men the newspaper solicitor filled the convict now to the allegations made against the model were wrong and it was us for the best investment because i want to apologize for the distressed in investment of the people at w n a a for my saying the mister uh... homophobes under station and that they actually had a number and a signing their march of numbers which is much of one two or three away on funny to uh... for years now yeah well the people who have affected nobody knows what these for example let me just take one uh... chunk okay can i handle a chunk all right of the the ratings like uh... okay here's the overall six end of the night big by the way was number one overall in twenty five fifty four big one oh six pollen ron man they like it with no competition they're thriving over there i want to find the m in these are stations everybody heard of but then when you get out of the well that is couple of pages let's see here's wsu way with a one one that's a radio swivey no spitting race w a tfm which is uh... pombie w r mf pombie wl qy lucky thirteen what is that don't know if they play like price and after and piggyly with the without the mold okay if you say so i think i have a point five didn't show up at all last book waves i think that's Haitian melody malice point five wm bm that's also Haitian malice point four wgna in the tombeach under what the wfb radio fay that's the most beginning of the way wnma is got a point three and again it is not mister uh... homophob station wftl a zero point three and i's going normal over a big part of that i'm sure you had the oh point three he had the oh part that didn't roll rally uh... wacc a m point two isn't that one of those eighty five stations and buddy but hadn't fact remember were you with me when we got to tour of of when passing but i would do you give us the tour of that building over there and you took us around all here's one station over here and here's production and you would be a big tawjama hall over here yeah yeah yeah and upstairs was wacc uh... no spitting laser i think i think he owned that for about five minutes for a lot of him uh... you're right i do remember that no spitting life so anyway that's the other kind of stations you find out there in the bottom so who knows what they are who gives it damn quite frankly what okay who gives it crap is what i said all see if we can top that last call that was pretty good coming to q a m hello time for break in the we are the the yeah it's uh... when nothing better to use laughing all That weakness I think he of that weakness, though he's a good boy. Ah, he overlooks me that purpose in a way to that different type of time. The weakness, too, say, boys, but that's not a one-joy sense. It's here for the Canada-related. Oh, I'm so grateful on my side, it's the trouble. And if I get more trouble, that's a much greater power. Oh, I'm so grateful. Oh, I'm so grateful. Oh, I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful. Doctor, speaking of radio personalities and he's the term loosely. Doctor Laura, we need a hundred and a nine votes to get to our 700 and this is our. We can do that, can we? Yes, we can. One-on-one, number of PT-one-one. Yeah. And we're about 409 by the beach boys. Remember 409? She's real fur. Not 409. Anyway, Dr. Laura Slusinger, who's not so fine and a real piece of crap. Second most familiar talk host in America. Does that tell you what's wrong with America right there? Yeah. And that's what's wrong. That's according to a new study just completed by San Francisco based market tools and association with consultant Mahalim Cook that tested the familiarity of 16 syndicated radio host with a sample of more than 1800 talk video list of the Asian group. You read all those numbers down good. All of them. Slusinger's familiarity rating 64%. We're second only to promote radio networks talk titan rush pill pop and must despise Limbaugh 87%. Rounding out the top five most familiar talk host among most sure radar. Waste would once Bill O'Reilly 63% who's still building a 0.3 in South Florida. Aero America radio is outfragged in 49% who's putting a big chunk of a big dent into versus audience in South Florida. And ABC radio never see the U.S. strong handed the 37%. Slusinger's indication company take on the day LLC commission adjusts for the study. I see they probably have some kind of a mailing list and they surveyed the people on their mailing list. First indication company commission the study. And what is the prize you came in a strong second? Yeah, right. Bogus 20 baloney. Kind of like a big pile here you know it better. It's starting to hit that busy. The Walsley journals first page to the offered a detailed piece in the marketing concerns of a former Bush administration aid and continued to lawyers who was criticized the president's handling of a rack-reconstruction. The article tells of Stuart Bowen attestances lawyer who partly to job on George W.'s first juvenile campaign in the senior post in Austin, Washington. He began the rack-war lobbying for an American contractor seeking 10 to millions of dollars and reconstruction work. Bowen was also seen as a part of the Bush machine that he was so part of it, where that he was single out by name and a report by Representative Henry Waxman who worried about the totalization of a rack-instructors general that job at which Bowen was appointed. Bowen also worked on the 2004 Recon team and served as associate castle under Alberto Joseyman, he's Gonzalez. The pieces were three in sinterity but his paid restricted raw story. That's the website to his is from head to few have served the things below per grant. Mark, we didn't this well or what? Stuart Bowen discovered a US office in a rack-in-paid contractor twice for the same work. A US official was allowed to handle millions of dollars in cash weeks after he was fired for incompetence of the $19.9 million allocated for regional projects. $89.4 million was just first without contracts or other documentation. An additional 7.2 million couldn't be found at all. Mr. Bowen has become one of the most prominent credible critics of how the administration's handle the occupation of a rack. In a series of blistering public reports, these details systematic management failings will actually not exist an over-centred apparent fraud and bezelman on the part of US officials charged with administering the rebuilding efforts. Mr. Bowen, this is not related to Joe Bowen. Mr. Bowen's audits later found evidence that a public relations or a Jimmy Bowen, a public relations push to use capital to wreck a money-to-build small-scale rebuilding projects by the handover date led contracting officials to take short cuts that made a difficult term in where the money actually went. In Hill Offer, in since the contracting officer told Mr. Bowen's investigators that even given 6.7 million cash on June 21, with the expectation that it was spending a term off before the handover, which ultimately took place two days earlier than planned on June 28. And one of his most attention-grading reports as you January 30, 2005, Mr. Bowen concluded that the American occupation authority failed to keep track of nearly $9 billion that it transferred to a rocky government ministries, which life financial controls and internal safeguards to prevent abuse. One Iraqi ministry set in the audit and played at this payroll to receive extra funds, claiming to employ 8026 scarves when it actually employed barely 600. The reports sparked harsh responses from both Mr. Paul Brewer, the former occupation chief in the Pentagon. Mr. Brewer tried at the audit for expecting conventional evidence of levels of accountability, saying that given the situation to CPE, if I had an economic liberation, this is an unrealistic standard. In November 2004, report Mr. Bowen took on the big contractor Haliburton in two separate reports. He urged the army to withhold nearly $90 million in payment cell, burdened because the company couldn't justify what it charges the government. The report added that weakness in the cost reporting process, which was such a problem that his investigators couldn't do a standard audit of Haliburton's bills to the CPE. Haliburton's folks will make Kathy Manses, the Houston-based role services in contracting company, is working with the army to resolve the matter, and we expect to work through any remaining issues in a co-operative manner. Mr. Bowen's audits have also described what appears to be outright criminal behavior by several government officials. In one case, an army soldier serving as the assistant to the American boxing coach admitted to gambling away half to $40,000 he was given to cover the expenses of an Iraqi athletic team during the trip to the Philippines. His case was referred to the military justice system for court martial. Mr. Bowen also recently gave the assistant to our information on possible criminal behavior on the part of U.S. contracting officers in Hila. The first time government officials have been implicated in potential fraud in Iraq. The officers let the country with no record of how they had spent nearly $1.5 million. It couldn't be a sign of my investigation. It just went up into the air and smoke. You went up in smoke, baby. Yeah, maybe they rolled it up and they were smoking it. 6.07. I got on my thing here on our pole today. What do you got? That. 6.07. 6.09. Oh, see? Leave a new in the. Leave a new in the desert. Bush was already for postwar Iraq rights very shwied from the AP. Ever shop at the N.P. That late was always like lab laws better myself. And independent panel headed by two and Wegwinz wasn't bad. Independent panel headed by two former U.S. National Security Devonsor said yesterday that chaos in Iraq was doing part two in adequate postwar planning. Planning for reconstruction should match the serious planning that goes into the completed planning. Our car driver offered a break. skil抓 and wearing sarees. The vehicle for right in the ankle has been swallowing. to report, which was sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations and Independent Foreign Policy Group. What do we get to do about those week numbers between two and four? Two years after a stunning three week march on Baghdad, U.S. and Iraqi military forces have been unable to secure a rebuild of country and reconstruction has fallen victim to lack of security to report said the White House has reacted to the summer criticism in the past, and by saying there were significant postwar planning. In a speech last month, the soldiers of Fort Bragnaw, Kerala, President Bush pointed to the Iraqi elections in efforts to improve road schools and basic services, redrolling a country after three decades of tyranny is hard and rebuilding while at war is even harder. Our progress has been uneven, but progress is being made, they be saying. The report said the critical miscalculation of Iraq War planning was the conclusion that reconstruction wouldn't require more troops than invasion itself, not only are more troops needed, but they should be trained for postwar duty the task force said. In Iraq, the task force said postwar requirements didn't enough attention, there were misjudgments as well. This to be a report said left the U.S. L. quick to address public security, governance and economic demands after the war, and this in turn, underbind U.S. foreign policy, and given early push to the insurgents in Iraq, the task force said, in Afghanistan as one of the right to report said, the first war period has been marked by inefficient operations, and it's brilliant the dollars of wasted resources, as U.S. hard-working vast residents, they're flushing your task dollars down the drain like water. They're just flushing it, baby. I'm not getting suned about anybody out here. No, yeah, what are we going to do about it? Yeah, I just go with a flow, you know, just shut up already. Read us some more at him numbers. Okay, four, two, four, four, four, point three. Nice job on the numbers there, Duff, you're fairie. 620 votes, I think we got to share. We got 51 minutes, and we need the 80 vote. Peace of case, shouldn't it be? Should be. To get to 7261, 790, see they're pouring in one at a time. I wonder what your good friend Scott Farrell, of a B-School friend Scott Farrell? See, I guess maybe you've got up there to get some stuff. What's that? I don't know. There's stuff up there. I don't know. No, every time he goes up to a live when he was in Atlanta, I'm visiting Farrell. I thought, what was that all about? I didn't even want to be so often show, as a matter of fact, at one time, was he like, and anyway, he said something about when you get to be so. Anyway, the panthers yesterday, I'm sure we wanted some hockey to do as in your own way. Oh my, let's do a hockey show. I was thinking about that again this morning on the show. Really? As I was showing on my zest with my zest body wash. I'll say it again, it's zest body wash is manly enough for you guys out there. Well, all I can say is, you're fairie. The panthers, speaking of manly men, see this business with these enforcers, these goons on these teams, you know, like the Darcy Hortic shock and tie-dome probably and Peter Roarrell and Donald Bush here. Of those days, they're gone now, but it's just a sour crap, crap. The panthers created Darcy Hortic shock to the National Petters of Change for a fourth round grant choice, 100 and third overall in the weekends in Hildran. Hortic shock to teams in fourth, we've been a restricted free agent of the panthers with 150, a penalty of minutes, the last season they've played, it had 434 penalty minutes, I'm going to 30 career games. Hortic shock, 24, been the team's player rep, not no more. He was acquired from Phoenix along with a second round pick in 2003. There's changed for Brad Ferris, well, big deal. Nobody cares. Darcy, right, and the reason I mentioned that, because to where I had him on his guess one time on the phone. I'm going to kick your ass, come on, I'll be able to remember that. Right. I mean, I don't think it was for real. He was a hoot in some ways, but at the same time, it was always I-I-I-I-I-I. It was kind of like that kind of cause I-I-I-I-I, that kind of, right? That's what he got it for. You know what I'm talking about? No, what? The first massive eagle always said it around him. First, he lived in the fantasy land, you know? But how he beat the crap out of stir and I'm going to lie on this market? He did, just, I don't know. Maybe being in coherent most of the time has that effect on. Must ask no old bush. We need 75 votes to get to 700 on our poll today about hate. We ought to have like 50,000 votes if you people were honest because we all saw a photo is just overloaded with hate. Hate! They look in a mirror in a morning and they hate you, you know, even if themselves, you know what I'm saying? What are you saying? I'm saying it's just a place, a lot of people want to get out of it. It's a pleasant place to be away from. No, I have some pleasant memories. I can't think of what they are at the moment, but I think I get anathlased on. Problems that it's after one is five, sixty, seventy, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, just tell me what's your problem? It's thirty a day, plus yes. Well, I've ran in Lincoln, gas or cram, I throw a fimbabwe here. You want insurance and recall how it happened well. It still gives me chives in what a weirdo followed my map of starhouse and shine. And was shot to see you. Sitting on her front porch was angelina joling. Yeah, I want the black and blue her. I saw her as it takes. But the clothes on started working and for her, it was too late. But her and my car have rolled the windows down. Now she works my queen and I'm the groom of the crown. Look at the snow for cram on me and I've got an angelina joling. Yeah, my face man. I'm interested in that big outkeeper there with me and charge her red hair. I'll hold you down my mouth and show mine that she likes the cement. I'll do something for her. How wonderful life did with angelina joling my basement. I'm singing her dance. Watch it to Fred and Paul are in Manning but I bet you'd give your national fame. You have angelina joling locked down in your basement. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'll turn to the bathroom. I'll turn to the bathroom. You owe my credit. I think you owe it. Oh, hello. Hello. What the hell is the matter, honey? I'm not your cry. You sound like you're crying. I'm not thinking about aliens. I'm getting that again. I am aliens. You've been kidnapped by aliens. Where they don't look you. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. Where's the Mexico? The Mexico. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I don't believe you. You don't have to laugh. I want to get married. I really do. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. A little longer like Fabio. I'll be quirky. I don't know you. I'll be quirky. You can not pick you up. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. What? What? What? What? A blueberry wolf. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. I'll get a Michelle. You really have been kidnapped, honey. I'm a alien to the blue man. aliens drop a blue by him. Do you like the Chevy way? No. Do you like the Chevy way? No. What kind of way am I? I don't think anything. Does that prove you? No. I'll be quirky. I'll be quirky. No. You're not coming. I'm not coming. The set of women. You don't want to burn the day. No. I don't care. I'm done. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. I'm done with it. Somebody is going to play back. To the next time, my Eats like goes to. And then like eight never said more and Mr. Mulman You say so Come on up and do a clock. What what are the zastrian and last bookmode those two hours are really embarrassing? Anyway, six hundred and forty eight. That means we got 52 votes. We're seven hundred and thirty eight minutes piece of cake That's right a vote and a half a minute Followed up a lot no problem. I hope what's our photo video or TV personality? You hate like poison the most. There may be several you hate maybe he'd all of us like Yeah, like that. I get that feeling somebody's but most When in dancing a one out rush limba 236 nobody is even close to rush for his numbers are really following like a like our rock off the top of the Iphal Tower you know there Rick says 75 then a basket 49 and well the zero George Rodriguez 42 Todd's in the 36-bill or rally 28 he wishes he had them in his listeners in South Florida Hank over 27 Sean Hannity 26 more Howard David They don't hate you so much. Well they just don't listen Mr. Ego Mr. Humphobe you Steve came 25 Mr. Contribal life Something that can drive controversy when your whole life is contribbed still he's the rate 23 and he'll Roger they teen Tony's the red or 19 and I You'll come off. She's about eight hey Billy you're fairie Tell the eight. Galdie. He goes podcast for no before Lonnie Quinn for and Phil Henry's got a pair Are you sure at least you have a pair But I think somebody sliced them off so that's all because so far we need 700 And some people are asking how come you need seven out because I said so Mickaroo who fast before in our red it's so now he's a why do these people do that? I don't know Huh? I mean the faster earlier was okay. I don't remember what that was was so memorable But I always says why is nothing ever said that Cuba has WMV biological and germ warfare Yet we went 7,000 miles in Bob brought back to Cuba brought back to Cuba so called terrorists who never had any of these things all of these all of these This is beyond comprehension what Bush is pulled off he keeps throwing sand in our eyes and we stand there and take it But a sand is coming from the big sandstone from Africa That's right. How do I look at them? See they a lot of the vast of comes from Africa like hurricanes 650 votes they're pouring in by the ones You notice that I did 652 now we got a pair MIFI analyst and this is for people who just don't want to believe it to want to get it as a matter of fact How many calls have we had how many zin and calls What? An over the last the few years the bush years from people saying oh gee well one of my sports was said by friends my people The bush people the Republicans first of all if you have any friends like that number one I'm really wondering what your problem is maybe just lack of friends and the number two the answer is that The world according to bush on our website will be perfect Time them to mature propped their eyes open with toothpicks like in a clockwork orange and force them to watch that right Right, or you watch it and then you arm yourself with the takes of notes Arm yourself with the truth the truth he'll set you free or not They're unflappable their faith based MI5 aimless did middleink between Iraq war and the bombings This is written by Michael Evans times UK Iraq is become a dominant issue for Islamic extremist in Britain Am I five admitted let me say it again is lie Iraq is becoming dominant issue for Islamic extremist in Britain In a fresh analysis of the threat facing Britain from international terrorists groups the acknowledgement on the lines of the view of the security And intelligence services that Iraq is provided an extra motivating force for terrorists as if it took a rocket scientist to figure this Contributing the it's to the agencies official website after the July 7 bombings under the heading threat to the UK of from International terrorism a team of MI5 aimless concludes though they have a range of aspirations and causes Iraq is a dominant issue for a range of extremist groups and individuals in the UK in Europe A After the suicide bombings in London jacks straw the foreign secretary said there was no connection between them in the war in Iraq This conflicted with elite assessment by the joint terrorism analysis that are based at MI5 and run by administrative defensive official which claimed two weeks before July 7 that Iraq was continuing to act as a focus of a range of terrorist related activities in Britain The latest MI5 assessment sister the view that there is a link between Iraq and terrorist activities and their website Amalization the MI5 officer said some individuals who support the insurgents here known to a travel to Iraq in order to fight against coalition forces It's possible that they may return to the UK and consider Monica tax here However the Spanish Prime Minister yesterday back 20 blares assertions that countries were under threat from Islam or terrorism regardless of the Iraq war Jose Luis Rodriguez obatetto It left it last year after the midred bombings carry through his pledge to withdraw Spanish troops from serving in Iraq After talks with Mr. Blair number 10 he said that his country had been on a heightened state of alert despite pulling its 13 and troops out of Iraq more than a year ago Beyond the position that each country has adopted in Iraq, I must say that the risk is global as we've just seen in the bombing in Egypt he said In security service analysts announced it gathering intelligence on the terrorist else operating covertly in Britain is difficult because they use climate vist and methods to communicate and shield their activities That's what it surprised a Yeah, sure confirming for the first time the likely link between the London bombings and international groups such as al Qaeda MI5 says the bombings in London on July 7 with a first successful attacks in the UK Individuals talk to be associated with international terrorism since the US attacks of 911 both British and foreign nationals linked to or sympathetic without kind of I know we don't make person new Well, what is he shooting guys from Brazil? Because they were saying this and they got like yeah, they got what denim jacket. Oh well 27 at they got the funky names 27 after one a QAM here You Trou™ The boys are going to go to the boys. The boys are going to go to the boys. The boys are going to go to the boys. The boys are going to go to the boys. The boys are going to go to the boys. They don't know Jack. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the gold! They're going to go to the boys. They're going to go to the boys. They're really going to the boys. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not on. It's not true. It's a whole thing. I think you're really with it. You need to just go and get out. And it's got an extra drop. We need to go and get a little thing. Look, if I need one, two, three, to turn into one. You mean to the barn, to the door, to the door, to the door, to the door. It's a big mistake. We're actually my fault. So I'm going to find my own. The door is a door. We have to take it. We need to take it. We have to take it. The door is a door. And the door is a door. And the door is a door. We need to go and get out of the door. And the door is a door. The door is a door. The door is a door. The door is a door. The door is a door. The door is a door. So you're going to the door. And the door is a door. Can't get out of the car and what the dogs do. I need to find it because it doesn't theory. Where is the door? I've only heard from the door they're not also going to the 오. But I've heard from the door who we could use to make you feel like going through And there has to come back to all the car troops and the door. And if the door is a door this door is a door. I don't know what your paws are talking about. I've never said to the door. Somebody is going to the door. Someone is just gone. So I have to find a door to the door... That is door. You can't break me ever again. You're off limits to my shifli re-re-re. And that said the director vision by choice. It isn't what's important to take my own move. Like that's the do. You said that would have stuck under the void. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. The more doyata you and your unabored boy. Buy the more doyata you can't hit me anybody. Buy the more doyata you can't hit me under my shifli re-re-re. I got something to lose and my virginity's lost. I give me back my baby blue shorts. Why you love show you who's the boss. Let's get back to this right, two years. Oh, it's a win to me. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no, no. Ugh, no, no. Mm, no.eline's Curlieえる Reconciliation Station. So you're going off on the sand for that 15th light. Oh, no. 25th light. Connect the wetland on this umbrella, yeah. That's amazing. Good. Good. This rain. Three, two, three, four. Right. 15, two guys. Yes. Welcome to Tokyo. It's gonna be on half theages. No. Yeah, just going to play. Yeah, just going to play. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. You can loop it. 6803 votes. I mean, we only need 17. We can do that when our eye shot. Okay, my two of my nice job folks. Spectre, I'm 3rd day July, 28th with new body and around. Police plus Northern Ontario grew up, considered on Canada's largest. He were quite falls on Ontario. Police had Northern Ontario charged a Toronto man after they found marijuana field stretching three football fields in length and what is considered to be one of Canada's largest pot busts. Investigate this one more than 21,000 marijuana plants behind the home nestled in the woods of air-coil falls east of Timons, Ontario. Often, with the Ontario provincial police north-bay police and keen on unicure about a search warrant Sunday, we had a marijuana field approximately three football fields in length by one football, a wild field wide. Sit on Ontario police to take the surgeon below a shade, you can come out of the OPP's drug enforcement section. I say, pee pee, sorry. Pants were planted in straight roads just like any other crop. No pains were taken to conceal the growing operations that Oshay who described the operations when the biggest he'd ever seen. I've been in drug enforcement for approximately 15 years. This is one of the largest outdoor grows I've ever been involved in, he said. Oshay said the seizures part of a growing trend of a marijuana growers for moving away from these suburban neighborhoods of southern Ontario where police have been plagued by grow-ups in any remote areas to avoid police detection. We have people from all over the province who seem to come to Northern Ontario this year in particular, and probably commercial growing a marijuana he said. The seizure revalls the infamous pot bus made that a former Moulson brewery in Burberry, Ontario, and January last year, and that case investigated as covered 25,000 pot plants growing everywhere to convert it factory, even inside cabinets indoor vats once used to brew beer. Well, there you go. I want to get stones. So, sure. One of the other, right? What's not to like? The price. Okay, how are the David's coming along in two o'clock? He's going to explain to you, they really horrible numbers he had in a lands book. Twenty people. I don't know what you can laugh about. It's not a laughing matter. You see sports, I mean is this the guy that says sports talk was boring. Well, first of all, when you're talking to like a Phil Vizotas, great grandma, I mean, just, I don't know. This whole concept, these people that are just obsessed with this whole sports thing, maybe someday, but not in our lifetime. They'll finally, somebody will smack him on the side of the head. And they'll wake up for the idea that just maybe it's when it's course, huh? Talking about people who are playing golf and picking their nose and Ricky Ricky, Ricky and he's going to have the same haircut or a new year. Who cares? Right? Right. Who gives a crap? Six and a half. Four. I bet you would like to be by the time you come back, 11 or 700 votes. You think? Don't think. Six and a half. Six and a half. Not here. I have to constantly stress my displacement with loose, technically, to classify inflammation and I want to tell one another truth. I want to see if you would do it. The truth for that is somebody who's administration, who's been to the five side of the nation. They will no longer be a part of this administration. Because that's not the way to slide off the operation. If anyone in this administration was responsible for the legal to classify inflammation, they would have longer before this administration. What the problem then? I don't want to take what's in around. Cover school for family replaying. The children will soon call to see other dead. And told Bush who wins to blame. The third time I should be ashamed. For it's closing family play. All they did in our town. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Oh, wow! You said that party even said it called over with not involved. Now we find out that he spoke about Joseph Wilson's wife. Will the story get spread in the wild? Wouldn't it be fine? The talk is all over town. The accusation is flying in so wild. Have the wild out what they're doing now. Time and George Bush is saying. What's coming over to me? All they take it up town. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Come on, go! Whoa! Come on, go! The president expects members of his administration to adhere to the highest ethical standards. How's all turned last in the world anyway? Look at that. They made a lie, Roddamy. We out 6.9 billion. Oh. And I see what I came back. We never have 700 votes on the poll. We got 6.9 billion. Maybe a fire. It's the first time I got to give it a... A freshly. A new survey says the internet has all the saturated in the youth market. Every court compiled for the Pew. They're all over the place. Internet and American Life Project. Father nearly 9 out of 10 young people. They just 12 through 17 have online access up from about 3 quarters young people in 2000. And by the way, all you parents out there, they're all looking at Porto on there. You see the thing on NBC nightly news last night? No. Well, they are. By comparison, about 66% of American adults are now using internet. They would pull him with 17 year old high school senior from Indianapolis. This is a typical example of a wired team. The first guy on access to the internet when he was 13 has been most of those who were surveyed. He's got a blog and loves to use this messaging to stay inside for the brand. The other. Is there anything interesting in this of the team girls who were surveyed ages 15 to 17? They're among the most intense uses of the internet and cell phones are including text messaging. Yeah, yeah. It's the what you want to know. The bus to the myth of the tax savvy boy they say as young people get in an access at younger ages, that trend may only continue. And you're like that. Yeah. Good. The more other kids are doing it, the more kids wanted to do it. And the internet, too. Still as many a wired as young people are. She says the fact that about three million of them are made without even an access is cost for concern. Many of them are low income and it is important to remember our black. When so many teenagers have such access, the few of the daughter of significant disillivancers they say, Daniel Bassil has the organization to help to build a community of skills of low income youth in Chicago. She says, it's an even greater challenge to find people in 16. How do you say it? Not that. I know somebody would teach some young boys. You're fair. You'll come all. He knows. But chat. Yeah. Anyway, exactly knows how to chat. Oops. A Britain speaking of that, a Britain facing the definition of America for perpetrating the biggest computer hack of all time left the message criticizing American foreign policy on an army computer record here today. This guy, he ought to have like he ought to be devolved. Yeah. The other pull a prince Charlie on him. During McKinnan 39 is accused of accessing 97 US government computers causing damage estimated that $700,000 extra, this year hearing at most the magistrates court was told that McKinnan of wood green or London deleted files that shut down more than 2,000 computers and US Army's military district to Washington for 24 hours significantly disrupting governmental function. It was planned in after what left a note on army computer in 2002, say US foreign policy was a kindergarten sponsored terrorism. The note allegedly said it was not a mistake that there was a huge security stand on 9, 11 last year. I am solo while I will continue to disrupt at the highest levels. McKinnan is accused of 20 counts relating to the American Army Navy Air Force NASA and Department of Defense. One of the cases that he deleted files and logs from computers at the US Naval weapon station or a critical time after the Twin Towers attack rendering the bases never cost 300 computers inoperable. Mark Summers for the American government said this defendant was acting from his own computer in London. He effectively owned those computers by virtual disafferary and transmitted. His conduct was intentional calculated when influenced in the FFU government by intimidation and coercion. It is also believed that McKinnan obtained secret passwords or information which might become interrequently useful in an enemy and interfered with maritime navigation facilities in New Jersey. How do you like that? A doubt? When McKinnan was invited to public nullity, the US Attorney for Eastern District of Virginia said, Mr. McKinnan was charged with the biggest computer hack of all time. The hearing was a joint to October his team. Try his ass, okay? No questions asked if he's the guy that the poor Brazilian guy that shot by Mr. This guy that should have blown his crap away, okay? Which would have been a part of him. It was crazy. When you think that I just know that much about like Josh would know, but I mean like firewalls and protection and how? They have days. Really? Sure. What was the next tweet? 151-9 minutes before the moment. No, no, no, no, no, no. I leave some bounds. I'm not sure what he's going to be like bonding every day now. I'm going to go golfing over the weekend. I'm going to be partnering with the golfing. Excellent. Boris and Trevor Pancid. Just a while. There's a Steve Hill at his head now. Sikka Michael Jackson. Top group Katie Holmes and Whitney Houston's long battle with Crack. Sikka, E-Ree, Harry Sokin' voice and our general take red back. Sikka, the old sin twins. And here in Rhin's E-Low, when lost so much weight she's not just ballin' sister. Don't want to hear about men at wreck. Or would Russell Bros. Our throwing homes. Those stars and friends, These are always extra old days till you've seen. Always on the cover of the tab boy. Magazine's, I've got my old problems. I don't give a damn it. Just a surprise I would make. Or would move on to share the presenty deck. Sikka, see you in Brittany. There'd be more Cameron D. As a boyfriend just in timber lake. All of them are placing like a poise. And all of their boats are fake. Tie it up a ride. Drinking a wager can't re-read or breath and hello, re-fuck. Sikka, E-Ree, D.M. O' Belly, Shuddy, mous, I've had enough enough. Those stars and friends, these are always extra old days till you've seen. Always on the cover of the tab boy. Magazine's, I've got my old problems. I don't give a damn it. Cursity, I'll lose his weight. For crazy, one, two, of, spirit, mental state. Okay, one, fifty, seven. Almost down here. I'll be back to dig, uh, August something. I don't know if he's going to be fantastic. He's going to be really kicking some very serious ass. They're going to be picking on him like crazy. And Greg is going to be telling everybody to be going out. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. We're going to do these sucks. Yeah. And don't forget when that next trend comes out, it's going to go down. Because we're going to lose that big April. They can say, oh, it's charged. Right. Well, whether it goes up or down this day. Right. Seven hundred and fifteen votes end up pulling. I told him it makes seven hundred. Just like fall off a rock. Just like a ranny cocks. They're falling off the out of the robot. Other canoe and deliverance. Kind of like the way he like head is arm behind. Remember that? Yeah, I'll twist it around behind his head. Look, that's uncomfortable. Well, that's what he deserved her. Or worse than out up there in the woods, you know. And he was the one holdout. It gets the law. We got it in the front of the right. Anyway, and let me ask you one thing. Okay, now maybe I just, I don't know. I've always wondered this. And then last night when I saw that cup again, you know, the other brother up into woods, remember when John Void. Hi, he's got a shoe John Void. Right. And who? Kills him with the arrow. John Void. No, Bert. Oh, no, that's the second one later. No, I'm not talking about the first one. The second brother later, Nguys, when John Void is on the edge of the area. He eventually gets him. Remember? Because he finds him and he's got the arrow in him. And he doesn't think that it's the same guy because of the teeth and the teeth come out. He actually, he shot him with the arrow. Yeah, he was all taking everything but he got it off. So to speak. Okay, well, I have to watch it again, I guess. Over the weekend. 750 votes. What's out for a radio or TV? First time, you hate like poison the most. Because I thought after all, as a place where hatred is, believe me, trust me, you can smell it as palpable as they say. You can feel it, you can smell it, you can squeeze it. Rush Lim, bought 250, 8 nobody, nobody. Even King compete with the hatred, the intense, the revulsion that we feel. Rush Dance is 81. Damn, I've passed through the H2 Danny Boy 52. George Rodriguez 45, a nice fourth place showing so far, but not nearly what you thought. They'll do better. If you're taking the inside of building men, it's totally different result. Touched Miss 40, Bill Arale 34, Sean Hannity 33, the Humphors got about 30. But 30, man. Spookies are rate 28. Well, Howard David. Oh, 28, where 30 in the middle of the package become more level. Since he let his hair down, Steve came Mr. Eagle. Mr. Humphor 25, Neil Rogers 18. Tony Cigarette O'Tinn. Miss Kamala, she's got nine. You're fair, you're only nine. Catch her almost six. Liney Quinn's got four and Phil Henry has got a small pair. Are you sure? Bye, bye, bye.