And Bo is on for a Howard David today following the Rodgers program boy, boy, what you started with that I mean now the call is he how it is now come to the point where he like laughs along with the colors Yeah, so that's the stuff up Is that yes a big improvement I'm supposed to you know opposed to what you used to go on correct you got to laugh at yourself and grab him and enjoy it And in his case that ought to be easy so But my point is now that like it's open the door for everybody to go ahead and do it because Howard doesn't mind Yeah, well, we'll find something else here at Tanim he's off all this week and I know no, we got bowl instead of mold. That's good. I like that actually vote today and then I'm doing the Howard David. That's right. You're in there tomorrow two to four. So you're all over the place Yeah, then try it. I hope you're big day I sure hope you've been talking about at least for 20 or 30 seconds. Don't overdo it like you think today's the big day Today's the announcement supposedly from the NHNL who said that today to the number heard that I thought later inside pipeline the bombs. I've got the pipeline. I got no later in the week They said was gonna be the big announcement. I had a call from Jeff Rimmer on Thursday afternoon You're close for a friend. I got a call from Rimmer Neil on December 27 saying it's done and If Rimmer's probably you know it's probably full of crap. It exactly the point You know what he was calling me for his call me to invite me to to his sons wedding this weekend What he was really calling for was to invite me to come and bring your gift to his sons wedding That's so much in fact even if I wouldn't have shown him just send a gift that would have passed if I know It's your one happy. You don't be classic. You go to the wedding and you bring a brandy shoes certificate Yeah, and give that for the gift for tonight. So Josh rumors getting married. He got married this weekend Oh, see you didn't go to the wedding. No, I did not nor did I send a gift nor did I have anything to do with it That's pretty we got a very good line Absolutely today is the day that it's gonna be from his inside sources JD and this one and Yeah, well, either way it's getting done whenever it gets done and gets done and Say you like the players took a beating man and we all knew they would but Everybody in the world knew the players would take a beating except for the 700 players. Yeah well on sick of all of me You know, and I'm just disgusted. Of course. You're you know, this is your life now So oh, you'll be back in a bandwagon with one with your leaves when they play again There you go 67 Stanley Cup game six sleeve speed the Canadians. Anyway the long time ago. Yeah When you're a fan of certain teams you have to live in the past made believes dolphins for example I've to live in the distant past you're right. It's been a long time for the doll. Yeah, that's correct Well, I'm certainly looking forward to it and Lucky season of the dolphins. No the hockey season. Oh, yeah the dolphins aren't paying me You should know about that. They're not no. Oh, that's right because we don't have the games anymore You've been a miss out on all that like a slackway that's sloppy You were doing there in the games. I tell you what I think from what I understand from the brain trust here Yeah, they're gonna have the same brain first It said we shouldn't participate in that son-septinal pool and have the other station makers look like a bunch of reviews. Oh, that's that proud. Yeah. That's what the finger at me weaklings quizlings. They're a they humiliate us anyway Go high pause because I knew you'd have some kind words after I said big range rest They got some big plans for something like while the games are going on Yeah, he lands gonna have some very big events Maybe you can maybe you can show up at some of them. What do you think? Right? What are you really dreaming man? New Rogers a kickoff you can go and hang out with some of the listeners They think maybe just the transmitter maintenance would be good In fact, it doesn't make any difference because the games are all on television anyway. This is true It actually you know that I'm there on satellite right and it really put because I saw Barry had to call them over the weekend Which if this is true it's got if Jimmy's syphilis is really gonna be doing play by play This is he's never done play by playing his life that I know of he did go to Penn State I think he majored in broadcast Yeah, well, that's your qualifies him. I'd hire him in a heartbeat. So who do you think they should hire? Some more champion would be good. Yeah, the guy for all these at the choice guy. Yeah, he's a guy. He's very good I mean, I'm talking about like a real broadcast. You're not some you know some in-house of flunky It could be said that the Hank last week. Oh, you're picking on my friends now. I can't say anything. Well, I sure came because I don't Jimmy's a nice guy when I see he show years ago He's on my radio show and I and Z he's a nice guy never stole a freight train, but nevertheless So it could be the Jimmy in Joe show on the other one. There's anybody it's gonna make mole look like You know the greatest of all time. It's gonna be Jimmy's syphilis. They're gonna be begging for motor come back They're they jones in for begging. Or why do we just dig Rick we for up? Now, I necessarily you're laughing. Well, he better admit Rick weaver. He was the man. I heard mostly mostly from what I heard of Rick We know what a highlights and stuff because by the time I lean around here. Yeah, I'm very very very Disloyalable person, but a great broadcast really a bad guy I'm about bad guys. You just smell bad. I know that well I didn't say whatever you want because he's long since dead anyways Well, you could always get back into the play by play game and hop back in that crad can Be a huge ego and I'm just not big on people that have huge egos, but he was just a legend in his online really You don't like people with big egos? Not especially would you? Somebody you can actually that I should lie. No, I'm not a fan that stuff either Would you consider yourself someone that has a big ego that I have any ego none look look who I work for now The next a none What is it have to do with who you are? You have an ego when you work for these people what's what's so bad about working for quote these people as you're Twice a month in scrape well I see the schedule you're only working a couple times Well, I'm trying to even now Okay, it's a good deal with that twice a month in fact Maybe we'll get that down to a sign so I'll show up twice a month that sounds like a plan to me No, they won't have that they won't they we need the ratings. They need the ratings. Yeah. Well sure got him. Yeah, I have no choice I'm that note have a great day You too and we'll see you tomorrow afternoon. Yeah, we'll see you one of these days So now actually I won't see you tomorrow afternoon. Oh, you're not working anymore I will not I'm on a schedule. I'm almost got talk myself into it Would I see they made put me on a schedule? I see your name is on that doesn't fit into your summer schedule hold your breath That doesn't fit into your slot machine and the horse I'm sitting there for the TV. I get ESPN cranked up and wait for the big announcement Hey, I would like a celebration Well, and you told me somebody else told you I'd say great it's getting a bit of a dreamer I'm thinking more Thursday. Right as part of it is you didn't even charge me for the information Which is shot and you send the gift certificate for the wedding gift. Okay. See you guilty. Bye bye We end the banana republic family only in Miami good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey and my four news a couple had two little boys Johnny and Jimmy ages eight and ten who were excessively mischievous The two are always getting into trouble and their parents could be confident that if any mischief occurred in their town Johnny and Jimmy were involved in some capacity Their parents were at their withstand as to what to do about their sons behavior So they heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children in the past So they contacted him and he agreed to give it his best shot He asked to see the boys individually So Johnny the eight year old was sent a meet first with the clergyman who sat Johnny down and asked him sternly Where is God Johnny made no response to the clergyman repeated the question in an even stern or tone Where is God? Johnny again made no attempt to answer the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the voice face Where is God and at that Johnny bolted from the room ran directly home and slammed himself in the closet His brother Jimmy followed him into the closet and said well, what happened? Johnny said we're in big trouble this time Jimmy got his missing and they think we did it Paul Harvey Good day. That's cute. Yeah, that's cute. I don't know I've seen like fall down on the I'm a floor And you know pound your fist down the ground laughing, but it was a cute and that's and that's of course All we're allowed to do now is cute anymore not really funny because so that's it It's 10.07 at 5.60 W Q a. I'm happy to did your life if happy birthday to my mother today She'd have a 92 to draw In fact, don't you think I should have that they office to when you anniversary of her death She died on a 91st birthday when you were go today. You know I had to take a off. Yeah tomorrow walk That's another thing and then Thursday of course We got the Marlin game at 12 30 so we got the early exit on Thursday and I still in the I slung John Oh god, okay George took this pool yesterday and I'm serious that thing is what a shame it is you know bad timing It's just like when I try to fight back for the rest of the radio station and I'm gonna tell you if there's anybody in America It's got a bigger ego even on a facely earthen that Dan La Bastard guy over the other station. I mean what's once we finally got mad dog ahead of him in two then both categories And this is coming from way way behind you know because our men's been decided Oh, well, let's just turn the other cheek and ignore it. Yeah, let's just roll over and play dead Which is what they do best and it would give him about a three or a thousand four thousand Vot handy cap running start and we actually did get mad dog ahead I mean the idea that anybody would compare Dan La Bastard. He couldn't he couldn't still Manage his jox drive much less carry it. Okay. It's a joke and so once that happened I noticed I know that all of a sudden they started doing their own freeping their counter-freeping and Papa Papa my and it was all for him too, you know, so I guess everybody at the Harold Was sitting at their computer and they were like tapping it all day long in the computer too for Dan La Bastard You're not getting anybody okay loser and by the way the Cubans didn't win the world series I can't stop thinking about that that was a lot of Road test things ever written in the history of South Florida journalism I used that term loosely and it was like oh nothing ever happened See, that's the double standard we got in South Florida something happens on the North speaking in Lays radio stations They get away with it nothing happens and if somebody like Dan La Bastard writes an ethnically In sensitive grow test twist and thing like that. It's like oh well We didn't see it what will happen first? We asked your judge asked yesterday 429 votes on the fourth of July and by the way George here wants an apology from the world for having to work Yes, this is the only show. I mean they take it this schedule right here They get this schedule is so screwed up this week. They got me on tomorrow They got Hank on Thursday who's on vacation this week. I don't know who's making his schedule I was here realize in that big of an assignment But boy whoever it is you You're fairy pathetic But as usual on the holidays we've had the only ones that had a semblance of like a real show on yesterday And the fourth of July even though two better was nobody around here, but nevertheless 429 votes what'll happen first aliens will visit to you if that was my vote 1061 America electable man for president 122 of course aliens already a vision beer They would talk to you time to raise yes, they have pie we know at least one alien visited South Florida unfortunately Everyone in South Florida willing English 66 Oh, great, but hold your breath. Well, let's you know when exhale We'll get you to the honest especially the Americans that for each of you on the private queue for the oxygen all the troops will return from Iraq 60 America elects a black press Press assistant it says here. I know I didn't correct judge. I like the way spelled it. Oh Pressiant 13 and the neocons will come clean seven in other words Never that was really the off-shadow whole thing and speaking of the neocons. I've got I did some channel surfing on Sunday night I was the luckiest moment of my life I cannot begin to tell you how just I didn't know what to describe it So I'm not gonna have to describe it because you can go on our website neo-rodges.com and I know there are a lot of people Where's the beating current? Where's the naked pictures while we can't put that on your no more because you live in a fascist country and here's a documentary that proves it on a show called the what is it called? I forgot whatever it's called on CBC There was a documentary called the World According to Bush and two hours and this makes it makes sure at 9-11 seem like Charles play like a cartoon That's how well done this is how skating how biting all the stuff about press that bush and the Nazis being the banker for the Nazis now After WW2 the US government took away all his business interests in the took-over all of his companies because he was Aiding and abetting the enemy and using using concentration camp People for slave labor. It is a company in Poland. It's all that was press god bush and all the stuff about a course The neo-cons and religious right in the Christian Zionist that that part is just it's not just scary. It's Petrifying I mean you're talking about a bunch of crazy people over in your country So anyways on our Eric great job by the way Eric you made up for you at tone for a lot of sins today I mean a heartbeat he got that whole thing on here It's two hours long, but he's got a divided in the part one and part two and you can watch it and listen to it And it's just absolutely and how come the American media doesn't have stuff like this and now that PBS has been taken over by the right wingers and Because it was too liberal You're not gonna get any truth any American media those are the people that all belong in jail I have no sympathy for Judas Miller or Bob Novak or 80s people they all belong in the upper one we had he does How he shows us along later the other then death row And that's pointed out by the way in this show about the the whole story about Joseph Wilson and about Valerie Plame and the outing and so on and so But it's all in there this is the best documentary If there's one thing you ever look at on our website ever in a history of your life This is the one you ought to be on it right now. It's right on the top of the page the world according to Bush In fact, I'm gonna have a you play a little of all we come back after the very just a little audio clip from it Okay, I'll keep it up cute it up and what a shame it's the fifth of your life There isn't anybody in town nobody's gonna be here, but we're gonna keep it up there in perpetuity, you know and Hope said maybe if cut into what what is this was originally show last October? That's a saddest part. This is a repeat broadcast and if would have been showed in America last October It's certainly they we didn't make this stolen all high of it. They would have lost the election There's no way they could still lend another one, but it was not it was on the CDC A and of course the American media continue just looking the other way and who the hell was Valerie Plame anyway We don't know from this in the down extreme memo. We don't know about any of these things and quit making trouble because we have to cover our own ass. They're all invented together For sure Exactly ten nineteen oh just love those Christian Zion and Spavy not well They got to have that tough we just love his rear We love Israel the Jewish people in So we're gonna put it up our best every day's a W. News and how could you allow that to go on Luke Cron Huh, his kids still work for power 96 in the sales department. What a disgrace that was Barbara certainly I just love the Jewish people. I love my love. Oh brother They were gonna prop her ass up and run her for political office and then of course There was some senator from Ohio Lee is some state senator that was prop and harassed up. I've never less Moving along What are you talking about all I'm making a pardon? I said how you doing? I'm doing great Here's the appolar we got for today so far and then we'll get into this thing maybe we'll play a little bit Maybe you have peaked their interest. I want you to bang on this day every day the world according to Bush It's gonna be on our website and we want everybody to world-awatch it. How can we get some other people to put that on there? Because you American media sure is on are gonna show this documentary and not a chance in 10 billion Oh, but front line is crap, okay? Yeah, we very weak like a Casper Milk toast, you know It's kind of like a water down tea like taking a cup of tea and pour like a 8-10s water I guess it's nine ten. Well, but you know what I'm talking about taking a fine wine and pouring avion in there Two hundred and twenty six votes what I disagree with Neil about most is I agree with Neil on everything 46 do we believe that I mean you know that's a little I don't know I get but berm from all the likey lickie effect of that Yeah, yeah, I think it's bad but I would have thought you'd find it soothing no But burn almost like roids his taste in music 42 I can certainly easily understand that I mean who the I'll want to hear my music I'm sorry I shouldn't play like a jingle Yeah, who wants you to that crap? I've tasted music sucks 42 his taste in people and hot people 37 I what's the point you know Neil female undecided when it comes to the arbiter of both phenomenal appearance believe me. I know it Politics 28 golf 22 his taste in ice cream 16 which I find most amazing NASCAR 11 religion 11 is Tom Cruise gay five Which means that only fine people in this entire audience doubt it everything he says for and Rick senses his talent also Tech earth has placed before I say you can't complain about Rick senses his talent because he doesn't have any I don't know I take although by comparison that show he had on the NBC six there for while It sure was heads and shoulders above whatever that crap is they got now Holy cow what I have Told you the other day about that screaming queen entertainer before they have on there that black go with a big head I still missed it some her oh my it was you better keep missing it you you may just stick your finger in the Suck it after you see I'm telling you or just socket yeah, or you wouldn't be surprised if he Right, it's well anyway I'm not gonna go there as they say Yeah, that's right moving way so anyway You got to think you'd up. I've just a little tease. Let's play a bit of it And I'll tell you when like I lay out. Hello, I'm Nick Ayajam. Welcome to the passionate eye Tonight's film makes no apologies for wearing it's a voicelessly critical heart on its sleeve Yeah, the world winning French filmmaker William Carell takes relentless aim as the president and his closest advisors As with Michael Moore's a Fahrenheit 911 and there's little territory left on coverage here The impact of the Christian right the secret relationship between the bushes and the bin Laden family and The promenadeated decision to go to war on Iraq last the seasons the passionate eye presented a film by William Carell called the The Dark Side of the moon giant hopes about the US space program We think you would read that Carils are late of documentary which focus is not owns the lunar landscape But the American political landscape reveals an even more intriguing place Here is as the world according to Bruce Hello, do you receive dollars awards and distinctions? I say well done and to the sea students I say you too can be president of the United States You have the worst president in America's history. He's ignorant. He's arrogant He's stupid and always but one which is he's immensely fruit about the American people particularly the less intelligent half of America Because they're very happy with him in that they realize our stupid he is and they say to themselves Wonderful if that stupid guy can be present so can I we have elected a puppet for a president Actually we didn't like him. He was appointed his brother Jeb stole 50,000 votes in in Florida and his father Supreme Court A point to him. You know if God has spoken to you and said you're going to be president You're not to worry about court decisions or read counts or things like that. All right So it became president, but he didn't know why and in September 11th he discovered wine In January 2001 George W. Bush led to his native Texas for Washington He had just won the most controversial and mother of election in American political history 8 years after his father George Bush senior George W became leader of the most powerful nation on earth This was an unprecedented event in American history all the major events of the last 12 years and taken place Under a Bush presidency the collapse of the Soviet Empire in the communist block the first Gulf war the events of 911 The worldwide spread of terrorism and the second war with Iraq They can pray for me they can pray for my little girls They can pray for my wife Think pray for our family. That's new that God we ask you to not only feel their hearts with love But let them feel for my heart toward them. Yeah, feel this okay I could have that but they get in that whole thing about the Christian right and the Christian Zionist and this whole we love Israel business Because that's facet if you know if Israel's taken over by them Shmatah and Arabs then we can't mess this up all our plans like Tessio said right we can't destroy that mosque and rebuild the temple and They're hasty there's a little tease for you And I'm gonna tell you it's like two hours There's part one in part two. There's an hour with each hour to sum and yeah It's a lot of times into it takes especially during the summer holidays, but you know when you really bored like it about about to a clock What? Well, I mean if you just have one of those sports nerds, okay I'm still just forming it about about the cowardice of our management. It's just I'm humilly and embarrassed They just you know, they think that they can Highland a bit and the booky man's gonna go away. Guess what it's not gonna work Greg or whatever made that decision But nevertheless it's just a newspaper pool. What do we got today? We got both from all the way to the world this week Moodemol man's on vacation is that all week. He's on he's your been on vacation to whole out lately Thank God so we got both from mole mad dog four to six thirty there is our rock Okay, and the idea seriously that business about dental advanced in in Jim manages like it's like the New York Yankees against an American Legion Sandlot team Marlins I'd dext six thirty Milwaukee brewers in time boys that I'm exciting Draw to play the Marlins in 705. I had a can't for the baseball game How many people were gonna hand for that ball game you think John? I'm screwed man. Yeah around there Those red hot drawers Nice going bud 27 after ten five sixty WQA and good live credit asked the question You know what's on your credit report if not remember this number eight six six two five O444 it's a fact that 80% of credit reporters reports contain errors that affect your credit score And we all know the problems that come when you got a bad credit score And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report You know what a pain that can be good live credit is here to correct those mistakes good live credits in house attorneys We'll do all the work for you and there are no set-up fees good live credible order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus Right the letters are discrepancies and straighten out any inaccuracies too So don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high-quited score before you visit the dealershare for calls of real-do-new yourself a big favor And called good live credit and right now the first 10 colors will get a 10% discount just how many needles photo to call the number again is 866 6254 44 that's 1 8666254 44 around the web. It's good live credit dot com What it comes to entry to this place I mean a person now and watch a song for you It's a pretty well-quited She way down I don't have a quote There's some of the differences Now for the idea that a mail-up madam that is one of the best work for you to madam asking a question I understand there has a view of the comment transition Thank you. Here's the problem. You don't know the history of psychiatry. I do You can come through swimmer but you're clear You didn't know what really it is but battle in a game of survival. I think that you should be a little bit more responsible You've done the homework and you know the subject and you should and you should do that also And I'm not helping anyone else to do all you are saying nine years of people who seem to have been helped I bad-mour you're so passionate about calm crew. I'm so sure about that war of the words rated PG on necessary for anyone to listen to It's 33 a mad-law or course doing his best-lirking imitation Mickey Mickey Mickey Mickey Yeah, well, for a couple of cream puffs obviously we've done your homework my ass, okay Learning about the psychiatry from Scientology isn't exactly what anybody would call doing your homework jerk But nevertheless You don't want to talk about politics because what does that have to do with Tom Cruise right here's a fact that says Hanyo well as usual the media fails to do their job as reported by Lawrence O'Donnell on my Glonthon group Saturday That the fascist Nazi Carl Rob out of and give the name. I got that story. It's been on our website all weekend and give the name of Outerate claim to the reporter of the times and through emails will come out and what does the media do nothing? No reports on the news this administration is so much worth in the next and regime and the rubbers We don't need to dig this shit up. It's all out there for all to see and nothing. I'm going back to Asia. It says bye bye as they send them a welcome report by by have a safe trip That's my best suggestion is get there a lot of there. Why you still can you see who died Josh? No, oh Luther Vendor No, I'm talking to sports Luther Vendor's died days ago. He's not even warm anymore. Well he probably wasn't there neither Who sports sports man. I bet who who Hank Strand okay one today? Couple of yesterday. I missed it. You didn't know that Hank Strand died? No, I don't Hank Strand. I got an email You know seriously, you know what he's probably best remembered for no is those NFL highlight films where they had the coaches Mike done the sidelines. You you see those yeah, I'm an NFL now or he was he was great Anyway, Hank Strand the most successful coach in American football league history and a TV and radio broadcast or for nearly two decades That yesterday named New Orleans a suburban hospital Strangel was 82 have been declining health for several years Strangel member of the pro football Hall of Fame was credited with developing the three four defense to two-tight information in the moving pocket When his coaching career was over he worked as an analyst for CBS first on TV then the radio booth where he called money And football outside jack fuck who's also dead and not a tour and that big booth in the sky aren't they? No, they're in a box in the ground and the worms are eating them as we speak Strang was suffered from diabetes for seven years and they were Hank Strand was George Good guess was inducted in the pro football Hall of Fame 2003 two week to stand or walk on his own He watched his favorite courted induction speech from a wheelchair Scram was known for his quirky sense of humor in an arrow and most coaches took themselves seriously He gave everybody nicknames Hank had his own vocabular is said Steve Savel president of NFL films Hank was the mentor has played a record The rats the chiefs didn't drive the ball they matriculated the ball team priest were called black birds the rest were called sausage stuffers No, you fair sausage stuffers See I think he had the name is mixed up. I think the priest had him in to all nevertheless That's bad Speaking of that on now I got way even more important than the thing about the award according to bush I'm serious you people better hop on that thing you need better be scouring it and watching it over and over again And how how do we do this how do we reach some people you know I feel like well I know you're going to like that, but that doesn't get to John done Look the people that were talking to they're already there It's the other people that wouldn't listen to you on a bet. I mean, maybe you're close personal friend of insanguels Maybe she did I'm at the prestigious website Right somebody somewhere for maybe snakes maybe she can get her boyfriend to put it on here No, it's not gonna happen. I know that's what is the last thing that's gonna happen. Hey Matt you for you sell out Anyway, here's the important story that you've been waiting on the edge of your seat hold him up bro Kansas City Missouri Applebee's international ace says an internal investigation has discovered that a former employee at a Jefferson Luzian A restaurant cut the tip of his thumb off a year ago and that is likely the fingertip found by a customer now So we're in the restaurant chain all this time all of these months We've been waiting and waiting on the edge of our seats for the new mom the unraveling of this plot Have we oh yeah, I've been you know made deal chambers Johnson Now that even the Julio zone have four names most of I like that a Deal chambers Johnson the Jefferson parish fence You found a fingertip in a salad. She bought the restaurant a year ago If you fall suit against the overland park Kansas base chain on June 24th and Louie's Anastate court seeking unspecified damages And the statement Saturday Applebee said while some of the facts are still unclear We now believe a former employee at this restaurant accidentally cut the very tip of his thumb last year the company said the man Described the cut is roughly the size of a sunflower seed Okay, okay Ha ha ha ha ha ha Anastateman Applebee said I wanted to apologize to Johnson. They'd rather apologize than pay her of course We deeply regret this isolated incident from last year the statement said food safety remains our top priority Johnson I apologize Johnson's attorney Michael Darnell of Nolene said yesterday He hadn't seen the statement or spoken with Applebee's officials in filing the lawsuit But Darnell we're all learning to spell with Darnell said the statement made in question whether Applebee's another chain restaurants are doing enough to make sure that Tainted food doesn't get served. Speaking of tainted food. I told yours before to sure I made die During the show that they were too much. I'll give a sitting ovation for many people out there if that happens but I Had a I've been on a salad kick lately and I had these pre-made salads at one of my supermarkets in the area Yeah, and they're like in little plastic container and they're wrapped with the cell phone on the outside to measure freshness and make sure that they're Tightly sealed and note the spoil and stuff like that. Well, so I open it last night Well, I'm sitting there watching TV of course without paying too much attention. I had like slices of a yellow pepper and red pepper and whatever And I put the first one start eating it now about two thirds of way through and I looked down and I realized that there's like this kind of a slimy coating on it, you know, and Immediately a random a garbage and tossed it out and then we got my list of reen and scope and toothpaste and just you know scoured it out So if I don't know It's funny show today exactly the difference between all these you know like Sal Manella Who's right there base for the ease and a lot of other different Violent you know a couple yeah, no, I'll tell me Sal Manella told me that was in the yeah, yeah, but this was like 14 hours ago Sun I think it was gonna like a tank I have a bad taste in my mouth, but it's probably from the show, you know probably from work. Oh, it's not okay Probably from that Sun Sentinel pool that our management team set around to set it Oh, well, let's just the stone wall. Let's just ignore that I thought as we don't want to dignify those guys across the street right so make make us look like a bunch of losers Okay, you quizzling you idiot you you fairer god you went You don't admit that eight sounds versus you went you went there. That's what I keep thinking of is our management So good but your wishes man. Oh, gee, we don't want to like compete Yeah, you don't want to compete. You don't know how to compete when you have any anybody really out there Given it is shot and spending any money and having more than two nickels to rub together all of a sudden you roll over and play dead and say hey I have a happy we got some fun with me kind of like more You're the day when he back in the day when he was given gang rate every day Remember that he's getting raped in the other time the salad days Oh no 20 yeah the slimy salad days 24 11 at five 60 W Q I am don't forget we got both from all the staff no, and I think it would be a sick not really I feel pretty good. I just it just makes you a little bit nervous. I mean, it's probably a very common place thing wouldn't you know something that's wrapped like that sits for a few days too long so it's a turning a little bit There was nothing crawling in I did check that there was nothing crawled around in there I sure not a while I'll go check it again to the garbage and in fact I think I probably ought to save it in case I get deathly ill like always so the same for market Sploting ball In theaters now from the director of her be fully loaded Please secure George bush stars in GW totally loaded I had a bunch of drunk Drugs and alcohol over and over again. It is my style It's been in sometimes I'm mangling the language well, I might maybe I need to burn to communicate better GW totally loaded in coherent exhausted in bankrupt and I That is a problem You're a problem all right 14 before 11 o'clock Michael is the cough rights the roll factor time magazine talk to bushes Gooroo for the plain story just a plain facts It's legal appeals exhausted time magazine agreed last week to turn over reporter Matthew Cooper's emails and computer notes to a special Prosecutor in investigating the leak of an undercover CIA agent's identity the cases been the subject of the press controversy for two years saying We're not above the law time ink editor in chief Norman first line Pro-steen whatever his name is decided to comply with the grandiree subpoena the chair of her documents related to the leak But Cooper and a New York Times reporter Judith Miller still refusing to testify and faces jail this week And issue with the story of a CIA sponsored trip taken by former ambassador and White House critic Joseph Wilson to investigate reports that Iraq was seeking to buy your William from the African country of Niger some government officials have noted the time and interviews that Wilson's wife Valerie Plame is a CIA official who monitors the proliferation of weapons and mass destruction said Cooper's July 2003 timeline article now the story may be about to take another turn the email Surrounded by time ink which are largely between Cooper and his editor is show that one of Cooper sources was Why does Stephanie chief is staff Carl Roe according to two layers why not to be identified because they'd like to stay alive Cooper at a time spokeswoman to climb the comment But an interview with Newsweek Rose lawyer Robert Luskin confirmed that Roe had been interviewed by Cooper for the article It is unclear however what pass between Cooper and Roe other than gas the controversy began three days before the time He appeared when calmness Robert Novak the unshes Bob Novak a lot of beyond death row right now for a high crimes and Mr. Meeners into treason Writing about Wilson's trip Novak reporter Wilson had been sent at the suggestion of his wife who was identified by name as a CIA Operative the leaked and Novak apparently intended to discredit Wilson's mission caused a fewer when it turned out that Plame was an undercover agent It's a crime to knowingly reveal the identity of undercover CIA official a special prosecutor was appointed began subpoenaing reporters to find the source of the leak Novak appears to make some kind of arrangement with a special prosecutor and Other journalists who reported on the plane story have talked to prosecutors with the permission of their sources Cooper agreed to discuss his contact with Lewis School to Libby vice president Big Taney's top aide after Libby gave him permission to do so The Cooper drew the line when special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald asked about other sources Initially Fitzgerald's focus was on Novak sourcing since Novak was the first to outplay him the current a Luskin rose lawyer Spoke to Cooper three or four days before Novak's column appeared Luskin told Newsweek that Roe never knowingly disclose classified information and they did not tell any reporter that a Valerie Plame worked for the CIA Luskin declined however to discuss any other details He did say that Roe himself attestified before the grand jury two or three times and signed a waiver authorized Reportive to testify about their conversations with him is answered every questions been put to about his conversation with Cooper and anybody else Luskin said but But one of the two lawyers representing a witness sympathetic for the White House told Newsweek that there was growing concern in the White House That the prosecutor is interested in role fits Gerald a client a comment in early October 2003 news report of that immediately after Novak's comma period in July Roe called MSNBC hardball host Chris Matthews and told him that Wilson's wife was fair game The White House spokesman Scott McFellan told reporters at the time that any suggestion that Roe had played a role in outing playing with totally ridiculous On October 10th McFellan was asked directly of Roe and to other White House states that ever discussed Valerie Plame with any reporters McFellan said he had spoken with all three and that those individuals Sure me they were not involved in this do we believe it? Oh no I like that Carla roving me the I keep he had Bob Novak got to be like a sit inside by each Trees right there on death row now to be in jail for treason right now. It's a federal crime a very very serious and Egregious felony to out of member of the CIA not only in danger her and a lot of other people she worked with but to undo all of the work in her contacts It should be for 20 years working with a CIA and Immediately, you know what what does that have to do with Tom Cruise? Yeah, I'm done by the couch right what does it have to do with Psychiatry what does it have to do with the runaway bride wasn't have to do with the Uga movie in a rubah Right who gives a flying crap about a rubah there's 80 million missing people out there and the media That's the one do sure man. We have to keep hearing about the Dutch kid and who gives a crap, okay Then I'm going back in the role of a big fat one in the telegraph and I'm still in get out of our face Here's our pool so far today what I do seriously. I just I feel so like you know Like useless normal Kent you're the anti-Christ normal. Let's be gonna answer him. He's going there This will tell you about my agent this is this this California will tell you everything You didn't know about how normal can't we have a new one. Oh, this is the best He calls me here in my home where I'm sitting right now last Thursday after knowing it There's there was the day for all the calls from people you don't want to hear from Rimmer normal Kent calls me I pick up the phone. I say hello here. Here's his response. You know you back in Toronto now Cute no no it wasn't it wasn't to be cute I was serious and then why when I outed him on that and he got all flustered Like oh he said you're the only person I talked to that makes me nervous. I get so confused So I could be talking like millions and millions of people right now We could be putting this thing on a website that was being visited every day by millions and millions of people and here We sit on this cowardly little quizzling radio station in the corner of a South Florida somewhere We're like oh, don't do this and go do that. You know and we're reaching how many people now in the middle This defeated you lie So I feel like insufficient like we're just not getting a job done not that it may seem different right now Anyway although impeachment sounds like a pleasant word. Yeah, like it. Yeah Anyway, here's the pool again. What I disagree with Neil most about his taste in music 64 that's risen to the top Our horrible taste in music. It's just<|nl|> embarrassing Right I agree with Neil. I everything 63 Just taste in hot people's a 53 okay, whatever you say police for their politics 40 please politics 40 golf 31 his taste in ice cream 22 religion 21 don't forget all you kids out there The religious people are the dangerous people. They're the crazy people pick your poison baby You can pick your nose and pick your poison. Okay, and as they say in outer space pick your heinous If you're choosing among the planets of court. Look at his taste nice You're 22 religion 21 NASCAR 18 is Tom Cruise Gays 7 which means everybody else agrees with me that he certainly is If there's any doubt Rick Sanchez talent six and everything he says five disagree with about every well guess what it's two today No, I ain't How do you like that for a quick remedy huh? argue about it. Yeah, I think we ought to take a couple of calls. What do you think because you told me yesterday And the fourth of you lie to cause we're splendid. Oh, yes, spectacular now. Well, you said well Didn't try that for the first segment. Well, why not? Well, let's give it a shot. It was obvious. WQAM hello Yes, sir, I'm in town. Come on. Hey, bye 567. Oh 560 pound 560 and the Verizon and the singular rivals line certainly believed the last part of that What he said which show of course didn't make here but nevertheless right well, we always did that. Yeah, I'm sure that's a perpetual state WQAM hello Super thing that the key to this roasting is his lawyer even came on set knowingly the losses if you know only You know that they got the name of the age It was a hint of what's the matrix man. Yeah, I'm not saying I'm not saying another thing I don't understand So many people would die to have what that your age has the tools to put you all over You know all over the world and that's it's sitting down where what is he doing what up of food? Yeah, who's loving yeah, that's the judge. I immediately in the punch. I was going to start a question about what is he doing? Who is he doing? My god, it's all I guess I'll say you know, it's so many idiots talking on the radio and you who is funny Everything it's you really are well, I'm drinking a you who right now is a matter of fact. Hey, okay in there, pali Okay, hey, tell George that he's on the on the things that's definitely music to talk about the way yeah Yeah, I don't worry you talked. I don't want to hear that music to our joke. Sure on the course of my music take take somebody's great intellectual cause You're so fast we tried that came tried that I'm a validation You tried doing shows say a thing you can't Hey, I can't because I'm the radio that anybody that they ever heard of before is there on a major high always You know, the whole thing that is because they got to do some stupid as for show see the other shows They just take some sports punk on here. That's all talking about the same crap, you know The dolphins and that's what we don't talk about in the market Who was them are there they wouldn't have anybody to talk to right? So there you go. We got the little George there even on the holidays. He comes in this is Yoman job the best he can on the circumstances and if it was anybody after what they do you say he would be talking to him He'd be like congratulating but based on the reports I had there from what he told me before the show yesterday It was what you expect in the fourth of July now is that the Christian Zionist July or the just regular ordinary pedestrian Jew life Orthodox Jew would you think WQA and hello You're not you doing pretty good, pali hey first I want to say that listen you for about 20 years about the current 30 of it You've about 20 years and you you've been tremendous I don't think you should be any surprise about down here over 20 years of enlisting you had it open forum Excellent talk that from politics websites and all people do is call up and say stupid things and want us their own voice And you want to why just just like Norman Miller said and I clip we played from that documentary because at least half of the American public is stupid Is dirt that's why they're happy to have a stupid president who's done more than they are I mean I don't know what exactly we're gonna do to get people motivated and behind us He was going on here, but it means obviously sitting on right in the face and people just have people on out and playing golf and saying stupid things When I radio and the other just hope you keep going on keep pushing I've never get stressed out We don't ever get stressed out But ever move and strands stay here because we need you there's two things in mind that keep me going big time Okay, it's called the tenth and the 25th of every month. Have a great day pali Take care. See that's what keeps me going and by the way the tenth is like we from Shivou is from our Sunday from you whatever. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing So that means that next Monday the 11th would be payday See they want like do what I'm the night because that would be that would be really bad cut loose with that cash Beats these don't like it. They like taking it in they don't like kind of loose kind of like when you go in gambling You know, they like taking it and they want your money. They just don't want to give you any back It's 1057 at five 60 W to say I got that I don't know I think it's that botchillism man. I mean just pop right on the floor here in the middle of the show What do you think though? Now see it man makes me wonder I guess probably I can survive it because those pizzas and that macaroni and stuff that sits out there and those places It Amsterdam I'm always talking about I'm not exaggerating It sits out there for weeks and months You know and then they pop into like a wave and he got a little bit and here you go I'll still leave for years I've been telling you about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company around But are you where the dry conscripts concepts can also save you hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas dry concepts also specializes in drapery cleaning a post-releather furniture restoration Matt Chris cleaning Oriental blood cleaning repair a pet odor treatments and water damages well Dry concepts also clean and restore your tarland grub quickly and efficiently Throughout concepts professional staff is always improving to serve you their customers with the most advanced cleaning systems anywhere in the universe And during this month during the month of July It's dry concepts summer sizzler sale take advantage of great savings on all the dry concepts services from carpet cleaning to talent ground cleaning It's only one place to call that's dry concepts and date route and upon beaches call 1-800-248-5071 Tom at Troy really website a hell of a piece of copy to that's 1-800-248-5071 Run their website is dryconcept.com Dry concepts clean today entertained tonight call 2-8-241-800-248-507-1 That is it and it's hot dog It's the TV show that sweeping the nation this week on 50 baby one more time. I can't eat a turtle Damn enemy. This is bandwidth cake. What do you try to miss cake, man? That's a big meat drowsham is cake. That's not the question. It's bad thing. Okay. Come on. Time to miss cake. Time to miss cake, man. You can't get away from me. Who are the one Alright it's 11-0-0-0-0-560 WQM happy July 55. We got both for Mo at 2-2 Med USC 430 Miles tonight anybody go on for that game knowing Donkey Brewer's in Tom Bud C looking steam They're kind of like like speak in a blood-light Coca-Cola has returned to a rank after an episode lastly for decades triggering your cola-worn a liquidity but potentially hostile market market. Coked at its 37 year exile last week by setting up a joint venture bottling company to compete with Pepsi for 26 million consumers. And of course on this show we like Coke I held a lot better because they're one of our fine sponsors we love Coke. The websites for Coke include a thirst including climate inducing climate, what I say, and versioning Islamic Conservatives, which is banned beer and other alcohol with drinks in much of the country. The downside besides Pepsi's head start, our raging insurgency in Bantutri which threatened supply routes and a perception that Coke Coke Cole is linked to Israel and American Zionists. Coke withdrew from Iraq in 68 when the Urblig declared a boycott because of business ties to Israel leaving Pepsi the United States market for soft drinks. The boycott ended in 1991 but sanctions in wars kept Coke out of Iraq. After a trickle of Coke Cole imports from neighboring countries the companies attempting a proper comeback by launching a joint venture with a Turkish company, F.S. Invest and its Iraq partner ATMBS which reportedly will bottle the Coke in Dubai and instrumented cross-irac. A local bottling company will employ local people to do this. A Coke Cole spokesman said yesterday this happens in most of the 200 companies which we operate around the world despite the perceptive us as an American company. The response and bag that yesterday was mixed one drink whole-sater Abbas Salih said the initiative was doomed. Coke Eccola does business with those who are shooting our brothers in Palestine. He said how can we drink it? And it's got a bunch of other silly stuff. So there you go. Coke is invading Iraq. A lot of people invading. What's the time? I'm going to get there. 6-7-0-5-0. Oh, right can we? What's McDonald's going to get to Baghdad? Oh no. You are so happy and for being here free. The college president is a dumb who's saying has defeated the infinite treatment and the Satanic America are causing great embarrassment to the college and infecting great pain on our enemy during the recent year and inspections. And this is why my fellow Iraqi citizens, I've got my fellows. It's the best thing. Celebrating most renewatively this weekend. Yes. Automating weapons have to be fired to the end without record for human safety. As you enter the Baghdad McDonald's. Bring what remains of your family to be meeting the grandfathers Muhammad. Do you have to be forgetting? And do today I have to be shopping out the hands of the 100 grand. Oh, you are conditioning the fruit of your lunch. And I am the kiddy monkey. As you choose from a most tempting menu that includes big nets and secrets got sold. I guess my phone's and which work the thunder with fuel. Not to be forgetting how famous flies. Yes. My fellow Iraqi citizens, we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Muslims victory. Oh, my dear, soulless ones of the United Nations. And keep this weekend at the Baghdad McDonald's. The portion of the policy is given to our great leaders. Adam would say it's a pretty touching program to be building weapons of mass destruction. But what does that have to do with town crews? It's 11 or six and five, 16 WM they had the mother of that chick that's lost in a rub on her again. Hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm Lavine crying. Only moments of once CNN. I'm certainly not news network. You won't get any news on American news channels. I'll say that right now you can bet your life on it. You won't get any real news. I'll get his warm gover propaganda. WM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Iraqis of Wilk drink Coca-Cola just like American's smoke cigarettes. We kill 400,000 Americans every year on America. Okay, great. Why is this that 0560? I'm very important. What was that? What was that? It was pretty obvious what that was. 560 and pound 560 and the Verizon Caterer Rivals Live. I mentioned that the Vokeprinduscus down there are some something little something because that phone is ringing back. It's certainly and by the way, I forgot to mention that call that I got from normal last week. If it would have been on my cell phone, then you could understand, right? Right. But as you know, I don't use that cell phone ever. Right, even turned on. It was my regular home phone. Home phone. My home phone. So the idea that somebody would ask, it would be like if I call you and work on the on the bet line. Right. And say, hey, you were working on it. Yeah. That's my agent. He's an agent, provocateur. W to Q AM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're not going to believe who was on Fox 4. Last night. I don't believe it. Fast right now. Who is it? Scott for Rout. Yeah. He was a great man. He said that he owns this town and he said to say hello to you. He wasn't he owns this town. What was that? I don't know. He's like, he's like three months. Yeah. Well, he's a right man. John. Yeah. That's obviously one of his crowd. Yeah. Make no mistake about it. He's a real laugh riot. Just like you are. It is. You're right. He calls you. It's today. You're. Who said that? Oh, yeah. That other guy. I got it. I was one of your people. Let's take away his energy. You like that. Maybe he's gotten out of his outer tube. Taking both away. Why do you worry about such crap? Oh, I don't just move right along. We don't keep paid one more dime for like hitting good calls, bad calls, no calls, we call great calls, strong calls, who cares? Dominic, you A M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Dominic, you A M. Hello. Neil, I hope you had a happy foot. You're a little bit too much. He's all whipped up because you made the promo. No, no, no, no, no. Actually whipped up. WQ A M. Hello. Q A M. No, I'm not. Yes, man. I just been out of town for like a week, but some of those new bishops are so fun and they're so great. This is the only thing I don't agree with you about is today's ports really boring. Good to meet you by that. I just think it's a boring pole. Well, it's the fifth is your life. What do you want from us? You want like a chop deliver every day? How about more firework? How about one more firework? Okay. Wow. Wow. Wow. See there we go. This pole is boring. I don't think it's boring at all. I mean, I could have asked what I agree with me that that would have been boring. I would have been just butt-looking. That's all. But I'm asking you, what do you disagree with most? I think it's kind of interesting. Sure. I mean, it's not like overwhelming like it's time crews going coming out of the closet and something like that. Some middle of the summertime. It's the dog days, honey. Just leave us alone. It's the best I can come up with for today. I have no apologies for what we've had plenty of poles. A lot worse than that. In addition, which it's just a pole part of the show. The important part of the show, the video that the passion and eye documentary from Sunday night from the CBC, that's the important thing. And she's worried about it's a boring pole. Maybe we ought to have a boring pole on it to make sure that people stop at the top of the website there. Or it says the world according to Bush part one and part two. They won't watch it. They won't watch it. It's just like that thing about the other thing we've had on there for how many months now? Which thing? The thing is that it's still the power of nightmare. Oh, that one. Yeah. Parts one, two, and three. See, the American people can complete all they want about not getting the truth. The fact that they're mad at us, they don't most of them don't want the truth. They can't be bothered with it. It's too serious. It's still boring. They want important stuff like Angelina Jolie is stuff like that in the basement. And the basement is attic. Door to door to door to door and bed. Stuff like that. Crap. Cock eyes. The mad dog would say. Seriously, that Dan LeBasser man. That was here a whole last. But he said, when the ego, see, one thing if you're going to have a big ego, you better have a lot of talents. And that's a problem, Danny Boy. You better have some real serious big talent and you ain't got it. WQA in, hello. Neil, good morning. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Vacation. How are you doing? You got a great recommendation on that ice cream banana coconut. Yeah. The thing is it's grown up smooth or comes out chunky. It's really chunky. My record. They are good, Arthur. You're right. The best. But the eye enjoy. As opposed to you to get like all bed out of shape. Yeah, you do your bed out of shape. No. George Kimming into the look like a pretzel is Abby and what's his name? Josh. Whatever your guys names are. See, one of these days I'm going to forget because we're not going to any see us each other again. But you remember, yeah, I got your picture here. Yeah. Yeah, coming on myself on what has turned off. Right. WQA in, hello. And that's there right there. Maybe the best call we've had. So far in the today. No, I think the first one was pretty good. I remember what it was. But with somebody saying something actually like relatively serious. We don't want to get too serious. Not in the middle of July, man. Not in the middle of the dog days. WQA in, hello. Hey, Neil. You're yes sir. It's going on. I'm not going to ask you how you doing because everybody says that. Yeah, I'm doing it. Hey, would you like stuff to be a bit of current? No, they might be required to the website. You won't see that no more. That's the law now. And Fashist USA. You won't see it no more. James, hey, can you write a meal update on hockey season? Yeah, the update is that's it. Here's an update on a hockey season. They're not having one. Okay. And according to rumors, it's supposed to be we're supposed to get the big announcement today. Is what we're supposed to be getting. The rebound in the net. You see what's up. Gilmore thinks about scoring that ball. Yeah, we saw it. You want to hear the rest of it? He's gone. Go by. Go by. Go by. Great. There's there's your hockey stuff for today. That's more than enough in South Florida. They don't know from hockey. Okay. They don't want it. They don't enter. We don't want it. We don't want it. We don't like it. I mean, the fact that that frog would call and beat you about the pole being boring today. And then once more fireworks. I think you're already had enough fireworks. You're going to call us. Have a good part. Are you getting better on the shape about the colors? Not at all. All right. Not just bitching her out and will deserve in her case. Caseian notice. Okay. Let's give you the result of that boring pole so far. What I disagree with Neil most about is his taste and music 74. Well, guess what? I already played that. How about the little this? Two low, two low key. Yeah. There you go. Oh, right. Maybe you want to give me two sweet. What are you anti-Semantic or something? You know, like Smokey Robinson? Anyway, it's based in music sucks 74. I agree with Neil on everything 71 sure you do. His taste in hot people 57, which is so foolish. It's just as an eye. Of course, seen some of your spouses do. Politics 46 golf 35 religion 27 is tasting ice cream 23, which of course is impeccable and beyond reproach NASCAR 18 is Tom Cruise Gay is eating a game. Well, eight people say they disagree. Rick Sanchez talent six six people think he's got some and everything he says five. Well, guess what? It's 11 14 check it out. What it comes to sports. Could unwrap all the slime all the time. Six of Michael Jackson Tom Cruise Gay the Hudson with these his long-rattle. We crack. Six of E. Reed Harris Hill can voice and how can we take red back? Six of the O's in twins. And here in Rizelo, we're lost so much. Wait, she's not just bald. Don't want to hear about men at black. Or when Russell, Trost, are strolling phones. No stars at Braccees are always a trouble. Ten is silly and seem. Always on the cover of the top line. Magazine's I've got my own problems. I don't have a family. Jackson, guys, I'm with Mitchell. Oh, what new one thinks shit and looks at the thing. Six of the C in Brittany. There'd be Mark M. Rindy as a boyfriend just in Timber Lake. Absolutely. All of them are flashing like a boys and all of them will stop. They've got tired of the raya. Riddly sell wager terror, read opera and hello, rethought. St. Gauke, reedemble, belly aches. Shug your mouth I've had enough stuff. Those don't stop at Braccees are always a trouble. Ten is silly and seem. Always on the cover of the top line. Magazine's I've got my own problems. I don't give a family. It's a lovely trial. Love that one because it kind of just disappears. Yeah. Okay, that's it. Without the saying and saying. What? Exactly. And I was two. See a 560, 750, 160, 20 Verizon and sing it a while. I'm going to have a piece of cheddar cheese now. Okay, the 50 July. I've got a little several white molds for his on it. Not just a joke. And that would happen to be cheese when it gets old. It gets old. Oldy and moly. Yeah. All in a molding. Good. In fact, all in a molding. A huge, a molding. Oh, that music, man. How can you like that crap? Jesus, God Almighty, that aerosmith and foreigner and Motown and Beatles and all that crappy you're like Neil. What's wrong with you, man? You got to start playing some your fran. Like George does. I do. Don't you? Some pink floor. I don't want to talk. Have it yet. No. That thing by the way, I'm going to make me want to barfe. Oh, how could you say that? He's doing a wonderful thing to try to help those starving people in Africa and bring me attention of all that. Yeah, right. You think that there's anybody going to get like one meal. Yeah, better hurry up. Bob, okay. Crank it up a little bit. Sing a little faster. Oh, look at that. He's got one on the event and what the president can expect. Little problem. G8 reception was. They have a little bit of problem there in Scotland. It's not just. We got their kills out of joint. I mean, you know, if you want to shut up the very Ontario, which they did over the weekend on Saturday, you'll see a bunch of old burnout rock musicians. Try them one last gas. All but it's for a good cause. Well, they got if they want to do a good cause, but on each one, I'm right out somewhere between 500,000 and 500,000, depending on how much books they got. You know, like McCartney is there in England and all this other crap. Right out of check and raise a quick 100 or 200 million dollars and buy some grits and stuff for all of them starving people over there. Maybe see a few lives. What do you think of that? Oh, that's a world. Yeah, USA, for Africa, Michael Jackson, he loves the children. Maybe a little bit too much. All this other crap, you know. It's just ridiculous. And people are starving. Nobody gives a crap because they're black. And that's why Africa's in the condition that it's in right now. Nobody wants to say that even though it happens to be the truth. 567.0560. 56560, leave a rise now. And don't forget, of course, as Jerry Falwell says in this documentary, Mohamed was a terrorist. Right. So, in other words, so it should be any surprise that these ragheads are all committing these terrorist acts. Should that be any shock to anyone? These anti-Israeli lunatics. And that's another thing that's made very clear in this documentary is that Israel might as well be called the 50-first state. And of course, when you have that kind of like one-sided relationship and your attempting supposedly to create a balance in the Middle East, don't look too balanced to me, you know. But that would a window. And then they had they showed that aerial sharon was speaking in front of all these gishgis these Christian-designists, boardigan, public-mellost, the group, see them. There was aerial sharon. It was meant nine times, by the way, with your president, which is more than any other world leader, nine times. I can't imagine why, can you? Maybe just like the free food at the White House. What I disagree with you about most, we got 400 votes on there. That's not too bad. You 400 people, at least I hope you took a look, please, I'm begging you. The CBC documentary was originally on Lifestyle, October. They were painted at Sunday night and thanked the Lord. Thank God. I happen to find the right from the giftco, right from the beginning. The world according to Bush, best dancing you'll ever see in your life. And they also have Hans Blix on there talking about how they rate him over to colds, did everything to spread to him and muddy his image and make him a bit because he didn't tell him what he was bad for business. Okay. I was messing up all their plans. There's nothing here. Oh, no, no, no, no. You were talking about the fact that as the people were holding hands, jumping out the windows of the world trade center, so it wouldn't kill the other way by the flames, that as that was going on, the dictate was coming from the White House and from the Pentagon, pin it on Iraq. While the people were still dying in the world trade center. Oh, they couldn't cut this up at any time. Could they? You mean to say we've had almost 2,000 Americans killed over there and over 100,000 Iraqis because this was all cooked up at again. My Bush and his Rio Con, Ropu Witz and Furl, Shaney and Lemie, and other right-wing maniacs, all these Nazis. So that's the thing I love about this documentary is that they don't pull any punches. I mean, you just like that Norman Meeler clip that we played earlier. Yeah, that's just the beginning and they escalated from there and of course it all happens to be true. And any of you out there, it's still supporting this fascist regime. You people need serious help. They should take away your voting card. They should take away your- oh, yeah, I was going to say take away your passport. You do realize of course that this person never had a passport until he was elected? No, I don't. Never had a passport. You want it all? Why? Because you never went anywhere. Right, no, that doesn't work. Never went anywhere. Never had a passport. Didn't know the names of half of the world leaders, which I remember the interview only had. I was talking about, uh, Musharoff. He said, oh, that general guy over there. I don't know. I can't think of his name right now, but he's a general. General, what? General, pain in the ass. You know, our good friends, the packies or busy helping us. Right, all that the new community that you're in. Take care of. Did you call Tanya name? 26 past 11. We're going to get some great calls between now and two. You'll see. We just roll a long man. Just roll with it all through the summertime. Just roll with a punches. Is what I say. Oh, thanks. Go. I just played it out. See, that wasn't good. Let's try another one. Yeah, we're talking. I don't know. By the way, do you know that it was a word in the spot that we've been taking my break-up? These people, they don't like the Isle Brothers Keith and Carl. Shame on you. You're tasting music as in your toast. Just like a lot of you. Do you understand what you all can say about this business? Well, nothing to me though. What is going on? Absolutely. Takes down action repeatedly. Have you seen any church walking after a woman like you, once I looked here, self-worked on. That it does work. No, that ends here is the most exciting moment. Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people's identity. Thank you just off. I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as it went up. Can't you? No, maybe I should go outside. I know the bill. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got a bunch of them. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to teach our straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. Hell yeah. I mean, don't get it. And I don't get to the East. I don't get to the West. Oh, and I don't get why that look up Sanodale. Kind of as best. I'll be told you. Let's go. Well, yeah. That's Sangradillo, Connor Manch. He's a stepping down. Which opens up the door for and this business about. Let's put Alberto Jose Jimenez. He's going to fall. So that every crime of punishment will be the same. It'll be torture on the rack. Right. The bill. That'll be for the trial. That's just for Jeew walking. For starters, anyway, 1132 a QM, older as I'll present, he's going to Denmark. It's a thank the day. And of course he's never been there before I'm sure in Copenhagen. Maybe go to Timberland Gardens. I'd be good place for him. I can explain all in little kitty rise to him. John Ashcroff may have departed from the department. This is a Patrick Moore news day. John Ashcroff may have departed from the Department of Justice. But under the direction of his successor, Alberto Gonzalez his morality crusade continues. Just like this thing with a B.D. curtain that we can't put pictures on anymore. Because if you have them pictures on there, it has to have on a file proof of age of the whoever the picture person is on there at the time the picture was taken. If they have like 85 pieces of proof, I'll show size, ID, etc. and so on. Or your ask goes right to Jeew. And since everything wanted to go to Jeew, bye-bye, baby curtain, we're sorry we apologize but too bad. In fact, I'd much rather have you look at the World Accord in the bush than some nudie picture. Under the guys of regulatory powers, the department is planning a punitive and any illogically motivated to solve on the adult entertainment. In the industry, a legal challenge last month, the lay of the onset. But justice is hoping later this year to begin forcing a host of regulations so on honoris that they may represent the end of pornography as a viable business in America. I'd be like that. Oh my God. Regardless of one's feelings about adult entertainment, the situation is a disturbing illustration of a larger trend in the Bush administration. The use of regulatory powers to advance a conservative moral agenda. Part of a revision to the child protection that I'm sending the enforcement act of 1988. The new regulations were quietly published last year and targeted seemingly mundane part of the porn business record keeping. While at huge corporations such as Time Warner make a hefty private broadcasting adult entertainment, porn is largely produced by smaller entities with often operating without even an office. Kind like Caliburton near India, Bahamas. Individuals in small companies producing adult entertainment will be devastated by new regulations requiring them to provide copies of government issued IDs for performers retroactive to 1995. In addition, these small producers, perhaps operating out of a garage or second bedroom, will need to have a public office open at least 20 hours a week where their records are available for inspection. The largest target for the new regulations is internet porn. The free speech coalition, which is legally challenging the regulations, estimates that 50% of websites carry adult content will be shut down by the rules because they don't have sufficient records. The internet is long-winded, they bait and war and an American culture war, because it is so difficult to regulate now, the Bush administration has found a way to potentially eliminate half of the cyberspace if fines of action will. One can understand that the government wants to ensure that porn performers are of legal age, however these regulations ensure no such thing. In fact, several lawsuits involving underage performers, the miners have provided government issued IDs to producers, as we're learning in terms of both national security and immigration, government IDs are easily obtained easily, falsified, and demanding proof of age for performers who are clearly 30 or 40 years old. Teams lost about protecting children that about punishing an industry that government deems immoral. By focusing on regulatory enforcement, the Department of Justice cannot can't leave a voice repression adult entertainment on the basis of content, knowing that the first amendment presents a challenge that probably cannot be overcome. But the effect suppression of protected speech, whether or not it seemed to have seen, is achieved outside the normal checks and balances of our agreement. The Bush administration has a track record of attempting to regulate morality behind the smokes screen of law enforcement bureaucratic rules and scientific research. These efforts are often focused on unpopular issues where the administration is fairly certain that public opinion will provide protection regardless of the ethics involved. Few citizens in an increasingly conservative, America will fight to protect the constitutional rights of pornographers. Aides is another example. For seven years now, researchers applying for national institutes to help grants to study aides have been told to remove verprencies to gain men, even though they continue to represent the majority of cases here in the US. And famously, the Bush administration is touted its compassion for those dying of AIDS in Africa, even while it's in aides funds to organizations that offer reproductive health services or stress condoms over abstinence. All of these efforts represent the promotion of a conservative often religious viewpoint through use of executive powers, circumventing the proper constitutional process. The Bush administration is displaying the very abusive powered rails again in so-called activists' judges. These suppression of the porn industry may not stir patriotic outrage in most Americans, but the manipulation of regulatory powers is supporting moral agenda should. Will it? No. No. One thing about America, you're right, you're going without a wimfer. And you want to know why? Because there's only two things we're concerned about. One is Tom Cruise, and the second one is Safety Safety Safety. Sure, what's off of a convenient that the terrorist attack took place this in the time when we were like, fraudigent to mouth, is it great excuse to do the Iraqi attack? We're not a convenient excuse? Sure. What a lucky piece of timing. Yeah, lucky. Yeah. Jerry and Benina Springs, who's out there, let's see, he's recommending Bush's brain. Yeah, got it. He says, hi, Mr. First Party is sure today, so I don't know if he mentioned the documentary Bush's brain. It's an 80 minute documentary based on the book. They're running it on the Sundance channel. It's a profile of Carl Roe from Instaices Young Republican in college up until now. It doesn't really tell most of us anything we don't know about this power hungry sinister man. They're running it again in 130 PM July 6. That sounds like tomorrow, Jerry. And I won't be working tomorrow. They're running it again in 3 PM Friday July 15. I found it very interesting, especially his early days and takes his politics. If you're already discussed, there's places we got to face during the day of spring. No, I didn't discuss that, but I discussed much more importantly to me and much more, just absolutely vital. It lays it out so brilliantly, so well, so honestly, so openly, you're for it. And then, of course, they interspersed somebody's, some of the people are part of the problem. Like Frank Carlucci, Kuchi Kuchi, there's Frank Carlucci at the Carlisle group. And who the hell is that speechwriter, David Frum, all brother? Hey, where are you from, David? Man, I just just see him and I get spooky. He's just from seeing his face. He's the one of Pup. And they listen to their propaganda, they interspersed through there and then just rip my ass rightfully. So, I want you to cue up that thing again the beginning. Okay, I have to play the, I have to play where it was, but I pause it where it was, but I can cue up the big. No, I want to play the Norman Middle East thing again. I can't even tell you how to play a few minutes of it. He's kind of in incentive for people. All you gotta do is go to thearajers.com. It's nice right at the top there in pink. By the way, downloads quickly and starts playing right away. Immediately, if not soon, that's right. Part one and part two. It's a two-hour documentary from the Passion Dye on the CBC. The one we never, sorry. The core, that's okay. It's very informal. It's a middle of the summer. Let's see. Here's some possible explanations says this thanks about the preponderance of Oats for Neil Station music. I voted that choice not for what you like, but for some of the stuff you don't like. Well, see, Kiel, totally. Yes, too soon. I'm dying of the real. Oh, man. I'm right over there. I'll see you in the normal. No more today, by the way, we got bowling. No more. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What? What? Oh, go, go, go, go. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's the perfect thing. You fair. What? What? What? What? What? I'm sorry. Let me go get a weathery tour to do a radio market tour. Oh. Oh. All right. Anyway, as a PSS, it's true that George W. Bush had no passport before coming present. Like, like, we don't know that. I just got through saying that. Thank you very much, but I think you're repeating what I'm expecting. He's repeating what I just got through saying. Yeah. If I wanted to, you know, I get a mine in board of parod or talk to him. Something like that. 19 till noon in QAM. When it comes to a 15. It means you'll rock your steel by the way. It means it's a 20. What were you five to see? He went yesterday. Anybody has a pain, yeah. This sent me from our way. I'm making your name in two dusties. Now, as in the me of yesterday, don't even have a two-quad. Now, just follow who don't be. Everybody's hanging back. You're the fastest you ever see. Since the act of history, we're watching all of you. Everyone got the fastest. So, back what you knew. This act is for the nation. And I know you'll find that. Because fatherland nation, I shall swear say, I gotta hate those two. Oh, and soon they'll give all those two. Be with everything we've made. On the state run you. Let water for comfort, we love your husband. I hope in Jamie for his family. That has to be a thing. Oh, don't do it. Please don't say you see our job. No, not that bad of honey's blue. We're passing made by J. Welcome. I've never happened to Terry and her cue. That's your lot more important than this crap you're talking about. Which is it? Absolutely. Here's something that's more important than any of it in Jacksonville. This story, even as silly as it is, this story should give you a real good idea about what's happening in your America. You know, I said you're right. Right next to Uranus. Oh, what do I mean? Here's a fact that says Jesus asked. Is it true? I did not say it is true. What? I guess that refers to another fact. Oh, but the. Okay. No, look. So, can all the fence of okay? We appreciate it was a good fact. I just pointed out that nobody had said that Bush didn't have a pass for when he's elected president and it was true. And that's fine. Just, why didn't you even send that to me? I just trying to be agitating. No, I just wanted to show you what's kind of nitpickers we have. How to craft that we get? Just like the lady. We get one lady call or probably the only one we'll have all week long. And she calls coming to pull is so boring. It's so boring. Well, you're boring. Okay. Your life must be pretty exciting. If you take this hand to call me and tell me you don't like the pull. I had a comment about that. I could use back in the day, but you wish would definitely raise four eyebrows if I said it about pulls. But nevertheless, Jacksonville, a church is asked for a city wide ban on low hanging pants and gold cap teeth, send the commote to the image. You ready for that? One of the national dress code guide coming out. Friday. Changing the image of young people could help Jacksonville cut unemployment. Racial profiling and raising. Sorry. Cut unemployment. Racial profiling and a rising per capita murder rate, which is now the highest in the state, said Richard Burton, deacon of a fifth and a Baptist choice. You show me a deacon, a preacher, a rabbi, and I'll say, what do they look like that? We're talking crazy people. Okay. People peddle and poison. Pick your poison like I said before. Pick your poison. Because in the end, you're going to be in a box in the ground. Okay. A 250 member independent Baptist church approved the resolution last month. They're tired of seeing kids under were said Burton also serves on the end of a C.F. national board. Well, I got a solution for that. Make underwear illegal. You can be arrested for looking too much. Okay. They kind of were illegal. Okay. Then you can just see their. Right. The police are not going to be in the middle of the court. Jacksonville City officials have yet to take up the measure of a council woman Elaine Brown, said she was going through the scuss of a church members. Others were less encouraging. I think it's unenforceable. Councilman Daniel Davis told the Florida Times Union, dovall county public schools have banned sagging pants and exposed underwear, but not removable. Golders silver teeth caps. When you come to school every day, you're going to have to like a flash your teeth okay or flash something. Then I say the caps can help breed tooth rotting bacteria. No. A proposal to ban exposed underwear. Harder died to Florida Legislature this spring. They took it up in the legislature. A ban to it. Oh. Sorry. I'll get to what are you eating now. Be okay. Oh. How is. Tell you how it's. And addition lawmakers in Louisiana Virginia field of the ban exposed underwear. This is what a religion is. We're looking at favorously right now. What's in your pants? What's in your mouth? Okay. And of course in some cases, it may be a little slop over there. Angle French that this is a great story. This is so amusing and so great. Angle French tensions heightened last night after Jacques Chirac delivered a series of insults to Britain as London and Paris fought to secure the 2012 Olympic Games in face fresh disagreement of the G8 summit. The president chatting to the German and Russian leaders in a Russian cafe said, the only thing that British have ever given to the European farming is mad cow. Then like generation to the French people before, we also post-funded British cuisine. You can't trust people of Cookies badly as that he said after Finland it's the country with the worst food. But what about hamburgers said, Vladimir Putin, the Russian president referring to America? Oh no, hamburgers are nothing in comparison, Mr. Chirac said. Mr. Putin and Gerhard Schroeder, the German Chancellor of the left, Mr. Schroerach then recalled our George Robertson, the former NATO Secretary General and former defense secretary Antonio Blair's cabinet, and once made him try and unapatizing Scottish did you're apparently meaning haggest. That's where our problems with NATO come from he said. Mr. Schroeder, Mr. Poon-Tain, laughed again. Unfortunately for the leaders, all of whom really guessed have written that the G8 summit opening in Glen Evel's tomorrow. The remarks were recorded by a journalist without their knowledge and published in the French newspaper, Liberation. Well, too bad, okay. The truth speaks for itself. British cuisine, my ass. Okay, but I want you people to get on the O'Rodgers.com. It's, I mean, why are we? Look, we can say we're sping our wheels right now. It's just like when we try and uninsured violently to fight back on a sense and all pull back to the rest of the station was mandated to give the other station about a three or four thousand vote lead. Well, our management was busy wimping out. Yeah, yeah. But you're whimps. Why do we got that sound on the year all the time on this station? Yeah, yeah. But you're cry babies. Anyway. Tonight on the passion of the country will not be intimidated. Many of the pronouncements made by this administration are outrageous. There's no other words. A filmmakers explosive take on George Bush and his White House. This administration has chosen to use the propaganda tools of Hitler, and garring, and girls. Fundits from literature to the CIA all challenged the dubious backroom politics that have paved the way for the 43rd Commander-in-Chief. It's starting to look like a third world for publicism. But now, let's talk. Hello, I'm Mikael Jean. Welcome to the passion of I. Tonight's film makes no apologies for wearing it seriously critical heart on its sleeves. The award-winning French filmmaker William Carotix relentless aim as the president and his closest advisors. As with Michael Moore's a Fahrenheit 911, there's little territory left on coverage here. The impact of the Christian right, the secret relationship between the Bush's and the de-laden family, and the premeditated decision to go to war on Iraq. Last season, the passion that I presented a film by William Carotix called the Dark Side of the Moon, a giant hopes about the US Space Program. We think you would read that Carotix's late documentary, which focuses not on the lunar landscape, but the American political landscape reveals an even more intriguing place. Here is the world, according to Bush. Hello, is the view who received honors awards and the stations. I say well done. And to the sea students, I say, you too can be president of the United States. You have the most president in America's history. He's ignorance. He's arrogance. He's stupid in always but one, which is he's immensely shrewd about the American people, particularly the less intelligent half of America, because they're very happy with him in that they realize how stupid he is, and they say to themselves, wonderful. If that stupid guy can be president, so can I. We have elected a puppet for a president. Actually, we didn't elect him. He was appointed. His brother, Jeb, stole 50,000 votes in Florida, and his father, Supreme Court, appointed him. You know, if God has spoken to you and said you're going to be president, you know, to worry about court decisions or retowns or things like that. All right, so he became president, but he didn't know why. And on September 11, he discovered why. In January 2001, George W. Bush let his native Texas for Washington. He had just won the most controversial and muddled election in American political history. I was not a sad time. I guess it's enough for right now. There should be a little tease. Maybe one like you would up to like later on and think, why don't you feel? All right, like little tidbits. So if we can motivate somebody's people to get off their ass, two solid hours, we can watch as much or a little, you know, at a time as you want. And it downloads immediately on real player and watch it like, you know, in two seconds, right? Yes it does. There's tropical storm Dennis, which for some strange reason, they have that thing over floor to that big wide cone. Oh my god, that cone anywhere near floor. It's going right through all the lines. And that's God punishing all them drugs in Orleans, by the way. Here's a fast from Eric who says, I don't know if I would call this agreement. I just can't believe that Bush is ever going to be impeached. I don't think there's even a remote possibility that ever happening. I wish that weren't the case, but it's the pathetic truth. And all I can say, Eric, is you probably are. That's the real little wreck. What a tough discourse. We were the authorities. So, Bush, when you fight, you can change the way you are. Jamie, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magnell and massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome one hour. We're doing a gay. And of the day as a six month robber's, we are, he's going to tell us all what to see. And say, don't wild for you. Don't wild for you. We're gay, don't wild for you. Don't wild for you. Not to be over on the moon, those with this for you. And we're glad to be back with you. But so the point is that we watch an hour or a year, kids on the internet, as he monitor the eggs on a wild for a while. He'll never know why I'm on a wild one. They don't have to be confused with you. We can hear him, he's a man of the boys, all gone wild for him. And putting him to lay, sand, tomor, ground back, to be locked away, slamming, standing bare back, on a wild for him. He's twisting, on a wild moon, on a wild moon. He's a frugged in the bull, night change, down sun, despite his aloe vervadon wild for him. What do you think the same have a brown back? It's 12 or two or five, 60, WKM. That's a good church. How big of a friend? Now that I know what you're talking about. What? What you're talking to Josh about through the break? Oh yeah, it's certainly going to take care of that. Yeah, they're going to edit it out right now. Yeah, that's probably a really good idea, because that's the second time I heard it. And they can do whatever they want the other 20 hours a day. I don't want to be responsible for irresponsible people, okay? And then they're making a quick buck. Okay, you may need to actually grave robbers it easily, all right? It's interesting, if we even suggest, if we make a rise, then somebody wants to interpret it before. Oh, you're in being trouble, Mr. You're farting on here. Not that there's anything wrong with that, of course. Of course. But if in the name of a making a quick buck, they can put something on here that very clearly, well, nevertheless, I'm certainly glad they're going to be taking care of that. And you'll notice what I don't want to go into specifics, but you'll notice what it's in. And with grave robbers, you're not a church in Christ's back-skay marriage. How do you like that? Oh my God. The United Church of Christ rule making body voted overwhelmingly as today to a proper resolution that endorses same-sex marriage, making it the largest Christian denomination ever to do so. I think them, Christian Zionists are right. We're going to hell on a hand-caskin'. The vote is not biting on individual churches, but Kukha's some churches to leave the fold. Lakaja folds. Roughly 80% of the members of the Church in general sinna devoted to a proper resolution. They've been in for about an hour before voting. I mean, why do you folks need to go to church? What's the point? I'd like to be in a member of the LX, the FOP, the, uh, what are some of the other ones? A club? Uh-huh. The Mason's member Perry Gay. Sure. On Sunday, a committee of 50 United Church of Christ representatives gave nearly unanimous approval of the resolution, recommending that the general sinna to approve it. It was supported by the UCC's president John H. Thomas. I wonder if he was related to John Boy, which he'd Thomas. Remember talking about him last week? Yes, we were. Traditionally strong in the Wingman and we're apologizing for it, by the way. Traditionally strong in the Wingman, the liberal denomination of 1.3 million members has long been supportive of Gays and Lesbians. You're fairy. The committee also voted against the military and the resolution to find emerges between one man and one woman. A small group of conservative congregations had proposed that amendment and suggested that approval of Gamerage could lead to the church's collapse. Wouldn't that be good? Be great. The church was criticized last year for its television advertising campaign featuring our gay couple among others being excluded from a church. CBS and NBC rejected the 30 second ad. The P on M. In the early 1970s, the UCC became the first major Christian body to ordain an openly gay minister 20 years ago. It declared itself to be open and affirming of Gays and Lesbians. The same sex resolution was submitted by the 7th California Nevada Conference. The resolution specified that by sexual and transgender persons very if the same support and protections as Gays and Lesbians. No hard data exist on how many Gays and Lesbians are in the UCC. No hard data and no soft data either. Here's a fact that says from a very chronic piece of handwriting here. Although I agree that Bush is a terrorist and a crook and probably had knowledge of 911, he must consider the sources that documentary reports on the website. Nobody in this country will put credence in anything the French say. Remember they hate us and were even pretty illegally with Sodom in saying, keep up the good fight, lover. Oh, yeah, right. That must be it because it's a French producer a world-renowned French producer who directed that piece. Therefore that means it must be jaded. Watch it, okay. Watch the thing for two hours and then tell me what you disagree with. Okay, what's inaccurate? And the hostess has a really thick French accent. Don't forget that. Yeah, I cut it up to another, you know. Well, let's hear it. These those spoiled child of a rich family. And while he was growing up, he had an awful lot of fun. A lot of parties, a lot of girls, a lot of alcohol, normal story. At a certain point, he had a religious experience. God spoke to him and said, prepare yourself. I have a mission for you. And he stopped drinking and he stopped a lanterning. He considers he turned himself around because of relation. And he deals with a lot of very conservative people. And they truly believe that they're right. In an interview with an Austin newspaper, George W. declared, I'm invested with a divine mission to promote a biblical world view in the policy carried out by the USA. David Frum, Bush's speechwriter, witnessed the president in the over office, telling members of Protestant congregations how God had saved him from booze. He said, you know, I shouldn't be here. I should be on a bar stool in Texas. And I'm only here because of the power of prayer because I found God. The religiosity has a genuine quality to it. It has affected his life. He does feel it in a deep way. And a lot of born again Christians who have met with Bush come away, believing he is like them. He is them. Everybody prays the first thing in the morning. They're believers. They're believers. And they pray in the White House. Bush declared during his campaign that heaven is open only to those who accept Jesus Christ. John Ashcroft has a journey general proclaimed, we have no king but Jesus. At the White House, David meetings took on an air of prayer meetings, where in between readings from the old and new testaments, those in the room managed the affairs of America and the world. Oh my God. And I entered the Westway, the very first thing I had said was that you were listed by the study. Because they would have evangelicals had a weekly Bible study, they'd Christian fellowship. And the religion was very important to that staff and very important to that presidency. I think Bush over does the religious aspect. It makes me uneasy and I think it makes many Americans uneasy. It is not true that George Bush goes down on his knees and asks God, what should I do? The idea that God gives him every morning and agenda. You know, George Bush does not think like that. But he finds his source of strength in a religious spirit. I mean, this administration co-tows to religion to stream the religious, Bush's strongest, his base, his strong base, is the religious conservative right way. Ed Nakatea, who lives in Memphis, is a Christian Zionist. He withdrew his support from George W because he rejects Dick Cheney as a suitable vice president. His reasoning is quite surprising. Bush says that he's against homosexuality. Yet he picked a vice president whose daughter is a lesbian. Now, I tell people I said, I'm not blaming the father for that, but George Bush knew that when he picked him. And so, during the Republican convention, I was played over and over that lesbian girl, and she seen all of the country people know that. All of this is disturbing to many people, but it happens to be a fact that the president is part of the Christian right. The founder of the moral majority, Jerry Fowell, blamed Pagan's gaze and lesbians, according to him responsible for the September 11 attacks. Bush declared, let us ask for God's wisdom and presence in what we're undertaking. It's crusade, this war on terrorism is going to take a while. So, what did you get for the Christian right as its own foreign policy? Support for Israel because they know how to fight. It was, but also because there's a distinct and de-Muslim bent among these people. New Zealand, modern, and this is all, no? They believe in God and they believe in a mission. They believe in a crusade against evil. I think Muhammad was a terrorist. He read it enough for the Israel, his life, written by both Muslims and non-Muslims. That he was a valid man, a man of war. If we are in harmony with God, then we should allow people. If Islam is in contact with some spiritual forces they claim to be, would that spiritual force want to annihilate everyone that disagreed with him? Well, that would be another Hitler, a white supremacist. I mean, this is terrible thought. I don't hate the Arab people. I got Arab friends. I love them. But I have a Bible believer and see God give that land to Abraham to the Jews. And I usually appreciate saying that every grain of sand on that little piece of geography called Israel belongs to the Jewish people. Okay, that's all for that. That I mean, he's a Christian Zionist, by the way. He just loves Israel. I love the Jewish people. At least the ones that are going to submit Jesus when he makes it enough for the Can't refuse. I thought this meal was a descendant of Abraham too. Oh my goodness. If you want to know a lot more about the people who are like behind and supporting and part of this whole government, you got right now. Just watch deliverance. That's all you need to do. I'm going to try and Josh got to see that. Now we can understand his government work a little bit better. Come on. It's past noon at 5, 60 W.C. You can do the popular demand. David Rich, the vice president and GM of Armstrong for the Homestead. He has extended his low press guarantee that he'll be to competition with the lowest prices on every Ford in stock. And David puts a money behind his promise. David has an offer in an envelope along with $100 in cash. Shop the competition. Then free David their best deal. You opening envelope. If Armstrong force deal doesn't beat the competition price, you keep $100. It's that simple. Not only do you get the lowest price from Armstrong for, but you also get their exclusive unmancipal tires and batteries for life program. So what you'd be waiting for? Pick up the phone now and call 305-247-51-12. And ask for David Rich. Remember Armstrong for the Homestead is locally owned and operated. They treat your likes family. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch. No full need deals. So to clear your independence from high prices right now save thousands of Armstrong for Homestead, you'll find him at 307-25-South-Tixie Highway to us 20 minutes south of the E36. Give David Rich a call 305-247-51-12. And ask for their need. Deal for the lowest price guarantee or check them on the web at armstrongcards.com. Grab a little and save you thousands of dollars at Armstrong's. What it comes to sports is really the story. Sports where you'll find 60? She will get... Very thin girls. And the American got only listen to the message from the Uber brought. Will have their tables hoged line. As the troops from home did, they found the comfort of the night, I'd nunder the bed. I never served in armoured, I'd do a great of fat, so I just right here near the TV far from liberal night, under the covers you discovered. I'm a pinched, they would prefer to have some mother do the fighting for prey. Now this country I love is on keep tying our rack, and all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the crack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In Mushu, big brown eye. The pig mouth tower, so the world who gladly follows blind. Reconning of the same up to a prey. To follow in this, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist, and my plan will fly from the back of my truck. Not in any attitude, oh patriotic. You'll apologize to him. I'll be with you, I'll go for a kiss. What I see on Foxy. Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior. Who's a dritor? You know better than you. I'm an in-bred jerk. Who's parents anything? They say, don't have a reader or a surrogate. So much easier this way. You watch TV or look at pictures. In USA today. With my, I made dislovelty. As I jiggle my brain, I'm gonna go shallow to a flight. If you've got all you list, but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist, as I go to my plan. So I can pull on my butt. As long as I still proud of me, show the slots that could have killed on my butt. That's the right. The Saudis are our best friends in the world. Not those Iraqis are tears. You fair. They're not a normal. They're a warrior. They're no better than you. What's up? I thought you were a son. You're a man. You're having a line. I'm a man. I'm a loser. I'm a senior. From 19 at five sixty, nobody QM happy to be too detailed. We got bowl from all. Don't go. Two more for your money. My dog is four marlins on deck at six thirty. Seven or five. It's your milk. I mean, you're Florida Marlin. Soasty. I'm a walkie brewers and then any K after the baseball game. A walkie brewers in town man. I bet you're all going to be packing up a whole bunch of stuff and flocked over to ballpark. That's right. No rain today. It's been high. A last couple of days. And sunny and hot. Hot is held over there. You're swat someone and big mosquitoes. The ones are big is blowing balls. Have yourself a hundred times. That's right. Oh, the skitties. Marlins better get it in the gear. Okay. Now it's time to crank it up a little bit. Boys. I mean, down trails. Kick and ask these thirteen winds. But nevertheless, then they lose to the brewers yesterday. I do believe I just can't get it. It's bad. You want to lose to a horseball team like that. Firefighters soaked in twin engine commuter airplane with fire suppressing foam today. After a passenger. What is all after a passenger said fire, Florida, an engine is the aircraft prepared to take off. This is in Fort Latterdale. These six passengers in two crew were safely evacuated from the continental connections flight, which is bound for a key western Fort Latterdale around 10. What is this? I'm telling you, this sounds like a website. They don't waste any time in order. Firefighters said the beef craft nineteen was taxing to the runway nine left. Oh, runway nine left is twenty-sugar weather would tell you like all of us who've been in South Florida long time. No, the numbers in the names of all the uh, and a Tony or a silly first man, you're silly goose. When the crew heard popping noises. And a passion to the port of the fire. Number two engines on fire. The pilot pulled over and radioed for help. As firefighters race to the plane, the crew opened the door and calmly lowered the ladder and evacuated everybody. There was no fire at this point, but firefighters via the engine with foam just in case. Just to be on the safe side. The passengers and crew were brought back to the terminal to wait another flight. The cause of the incident remains under as it always says in every one of these stinking stories under. Investigation. Okay, so it's uh, you know, an accident of the nobody got hurt. Hmm. Why tell you're this story? It's going to raise up. What you're going to buy into this, you're going to say, have been tired of this for years. I've been telling you this for years. It's not about a story. This is in the New York Times. No, this is about to buy sexual men. Oh, you're gay. They're gay, straight, or lying. As some put it, research looked at gendered or arousal patterns in men. Some people are attracted to women. Some are attracted to men. And some if sign-in for a doctor, Alfred Kinsey and millions of self-destruct by sexual Zarder believe are surrounded both sexes. By the way, you don't have to keep changing what I said just because you lost that argument. I'm doing your favor here. Okay. We're getting this story, but you can't, you can't leave well enough alone. You just have to keep digging, even though of course you're full of crap in your head. Right. You have no idea what you're talking about. He can't do what I said. That's all right. What did you say? I said that you never had sex with a straight guy. That's what I said. Not true. Okay. But a new study cast out of whether or not true by a man and not right that. What's it to you? Right. I know that was so important. I would have shut up. There you go. But a new study cast out of whether or true by sexuality exist at least in men. See, I'm leaving you right right down your garden path there and you just want to shut up. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If you let me continue, maybe you might find something of her or an appadil kills him good time. The study by a team of psychologists all time cruise content all about that. A time to forever. Team of psychologists in Chicago and Toronto, lens support to those have been long skeptical advice. Sexualities, a distinct and stable sexual orientation. This is in the Toronto star. A people who claim by sexuality, according to these critics are usually homosexual, but are ambivalent about their homosexuality are simply closeted. You're either gay, straight or lying, as some gay men have put it. In the new study, a team of psychologists directly measured genital or rousal patterns and response to images of men and women. The psychologists found that men who identified themselves as bisexual were in fact exclusively aroused by either one sex or the other usually by other men. The study is the largest and several small reports suggesting that the estimated 1.7 percent of men who identified themselves as bisexual show physical and traction patterns that differ substantially from their professed desires, professed being operative. Research on sexual orientation has been based almost entirely on self-reports. This is one of the few good studies using physiological measures that Dr. Lisa Diamond, a few of the time, and I said Dr. Lisa Diamond, an associate professor with psychology in gender identity at the University of Utah, who was not involved in the study. Several other researchers who have seen the studies scheduled to be published in the journal Psychological Science, which Tom Cruise definitely does not approve of. Said what need to be repeated with large numbers of bisexual men before clear, before clear conclusions could be drawn. Any experiment, psychologists at Northwestern University in Chicago and a set of four addiction and mental health in Toronto used ads in gay and alternative news papers to recruit 101 young adult men. 33 of them identified themselves as bisexual. 30. About 38 is homosexual. Attention men. Where did they find 33 38? I don't see 30 is straight. Where did they find 33 of them? The researchers asked them about their sexual desires and waited in the amount of scale from zero to six on sexual orientation with zero to one indicating heterosexuality and five to six indicating homosexuality. 5 sexuality was mentioned by scores in the middle range. Not a two or three. But the men in the study described themselves as bisexual did not have patterns of a rousal ever consistent with their stated attraction to men and to women. Instead of three quarters of the group heterosexual patterns, identical to those of gay men, the rest were indistinguishable from heterosexuals. Since at least in middle of the 19th century, behavioral scientists have noted bisexual attraction men and women in debated its place in the development of sexual identity. Some experts like Freud concluded that humans are naturally bisexual. In his landmark sex, or raised in the 1940s, Kinsey found many married, public-y heterosexual men, and reported having sex with other men, males do not represent two discrete populations, heterosexual and homosexual kinds of road. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats. Say I agree with him. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats. He said sheep is lea. So what's the point? That different strokes were different folks at the end. There you go. The point is what's it to you? Who cares? I mean, don't label me. Don't label me. Because anybody who says don't label me is you're fairie. Right? Don't label me. Okay. I have it in that all of them. Oh yeah. They're all gay. Mark says, hi Neil and George heard you talking about the live-a concert that took place over the weekend. I had every intention donating 150 bucks to the cause. My mind was changed for me with the African rappers Zola, who demanded we, whoever we is, are obligated to donate based on the history of slavery. With this, my wife and I used the money instead of treat our friends to stay together and Ruth Chris asked me if I feel guilty. If you feel guilty, Mark? No. Good choice. Indeed. Yeah. Good choice because we almost went that money. He's going to go. And it's not going to help anybody over there. And it's just all a dog and pony show. Right. My bunch of talk about people with auto control egos. This Bob Goldorf, man. He's just he's a crazy person. And then he's going on and carrying on about, oh George W. The Bush is the best person we ever had for Africa. Look at all he's doing for them right. He is really doing it. We have to play that bit where he talks about wanting to meet some Dark Folk some day one time. We have it. You notice the only black people in this cabinet have been condoliser and the colon pal. A role in colon by the way, really takes it big time in the acto with documentary. Does he? Yeah. It should have been holding up that file. That's one of the most wild things ever seen at the UN. Show the cartel. Lire, liar. Your pants are on fire. Roll in colon. Okay. Sellout. There's the word sellout come to mind. 27 past noon at 2 a.m. Good live credit. Ask the question. You know what's on your credit report. If not remember this number. 866-625-0444. It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit score. And we all know the problems that come if you have a bad credit score. And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report, you know what a pain. That can be. Good live credit is here to correct those errors. Good live credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you. There's no set of fees. Good live credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. Write the letters of the script and season straightened out any inaccuracies too. So, don't let somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score. Before you visit the dealership for call, they'll do this a favor and call good live credit. Right now the first 10 colors will get a 10% discount. Just tell them the yield for the recall. And number again, toll free. It's 1-866-625-0444. That's 86-625-0444 on the wicked web. It's good live credit.com. Thank you. Please, person now, hey. Watch your side of the day. It's a 10% discount. It's a 10% discount. It's a 10% discount. It's a 10% discount. She will be there. It's the day, plus gas. While I ran in Lincoln, gas your credit, I drove up in the hill. You want insurance? And the recall, how it happened, well, It still gives me chance. And what a weirdo, followed my map of Star House and sight. And what shot to see? Sitting on her front porch was, And to lean it down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I walked them like I knew her. Hey, do I know you? And I saw her hesitate. Hey, what the co-op on Star of Work in Lent for her. There was too many. But her in my car and roll the windows down. Now she was my queen and her. And who am I made her cry? Because the snow would cry all the time. And I got in Jolina, Jolina, You're my basement. And I think I'll keep her there with me. And shot her red hair. And I can't wait. While I walk you, don't mind. I hope that you'll find that she likes the cement. I think you'll find the cement. How long the floor life is, Where the Angelina Jolina made my bedroom. No, it's me, how about that? Watch get some bread, egg, follow her and man in. But I bet you've given your lesson. Help me. To have Angelina, Jolina, You'll need a locked down in your basement. I'm gonna grab your door. I'll do it myself. Don't hurt pressure. I'll hurt your self. Baby, not you couple, man. So, that door, place we know. Not a very important thing. I'm a big and fun person. I said, you know, not a conference call. When do you mean by that? Okay, you played two bits and a row. You scared me. A conference call? Yeah, I didn't know if there was some issue going on. What are you talking about? When you play two bits and a row like that, I felt like I just finally read about this sister. I'm not gonna play that. I'll play that next break. You just totally panic man. Yeah. Jesus, what is your story? Are you playing two bits? Yeah, I don't know what the first time I've done that. Is that the first time I've done that, Josh? It'll wow. No. No. Every once in a while, the mood strikes. Plus one is the fifth of July, and it's the middle of the summer. There's nobody around. It'll kill a couple of minutes. I swear, plus it fits in perfect like a door if the glove don't fit in your full of smith. Yeah, you can go. And I'll write this second. We had to interrupt that random. We're just where he's gonna say his first name begins with our dad. Which of you? Look at that documentary. By the way, you'll see the, we have great connection between the Bin Laden family and the Bush family for a long, long time. I can't allow a group. And there's Frank Carlucci. Kuchi Kuchi is named Carlucci. He's another crook. He's a whole trampson thieves, baby. That's who runs America today in the world. Crooks. All of us are crooks. The bodies of two Navy seals have been found in Afghanistan. We came for the four-man team when missing. The US military said today, more great news. One CEO remains missing. Another was rescued. It's right there to make a full recovery. According to a statement from the US, let coalition press information said her. And the beat goes on. That was in Afghanistan, of course. But nevertheless, are we doing some kind of a job? No, or what? No, we're not. How we do with a molla bull, are we got him yet? No, and I'll start counting. And Osama, you're mama? Oh, and any of those people. Oh, these go in, we got him yet? No, no. I just asked, just asking, out loud. All the lobert targets in Afghanistan. That's right. I'm begging you. I'm beceeaching you. Anybody out there? I mean, the bubble heads forget about you. And we understand you can't help yourselves. Okay, you are what you are. But anybody with a half of brain, take a look at that passionate eye documentary. We got this click it right there at the top of our website, on eurog.com. Part one part two, which is two hours, baby. And it lays it all right out there for you. And I check in, I said, sin and that facts of all the French. Yeah, right. French this. And if you recall, wasn't it that North Carolina mugbubber was a Virginia, for you, which which state makes no difference that introduced and resolution about changing the name of French fries to freedom of eyes and all of a sudden he said, guess what? He's against the warning. He changes mine. He apologized. I think it was a Virginia. Whatever. Whatever. This is a may. Once you get south of Pennsylvania, it's all the same crap. In fact, I'm taking south of Michigan, which I realize sounds pretty ridiculous. South of Michigan, it all Ohio, which are Ohio's little southeast. But you can I will draw the line for you. Okay, imaginary line. Okay, you draw south of Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and then to zip it right over the ocean. And anything south of that is a Yahoo bill. That's America for you. That's Antania. That's entry. Entries a lot bigger than you folks thought it was. See, no wonder they got done in the woods up there. They were getting punished for a win so stupid. How can you miss someplace so big as entry when it's like about 200 million people? And wherever don't go dying. Yeah. Man. 560560, pound five 60, I mean Verizon, singular wireless lines. She was good. You like interrupted there. And let me play some of my bad music. Marcos, it's C.K.L.W. Dad sucks. I apologize, I'm front. Thank God they weren't in that country all the weekend. There's something along with the world today. I don't know what it is. Something's wrong with I's. I've had a happy birthday. We came here to get rid of it when we got those that they use. The show we know when it's the best. Stop! Leave it on the couch. I see I found this jingle and now I put in my motel number my 80 million motel CDs I realize that many people like small town because I sped I do right at very gory was probably a communist Come on, I got a jingle. Let's see learn more would be good. What starts out kind of like Well, that's not too bad. I'll always still dead Not strong Not strong enough. Well, the only one that starts out really is but tackle these strongers Now why did I get started doing that? I don't know for fun. It was kind of head of small months. I liked it together. You go on. Hey, Goli by the way beyond tomorrow afternoon and he was on this morning which I'm sure most of you missed that It's a 20 to one at 2 a.m Maybe you know Do I'd chase him round forever With our tanks and all our troops But special forces are some tired But jump in through them boots You told me need another airplane So let's cut out all the nonsense And we'll blow up back a stain Oh, dry, I'll get a need to nuclear tank Why don't we stop to see food? And blow up back a stain I'm dying on the land Boom, boom The cold 406. 14 to 11. See we got it in an air no problem Just give me a little preview before I guess Teaser 570 votes If you like or teaser When I disagree with about the Neil most is I agree with one This is so ridiculous but nevertheless thank you so much for a lucky lucky I got bad but burn now Through degree I agree with Neil on everything 109 His taste and music just sucks 104 Okay, that's a wrong one This taste and music blows 104 His taste and hot people 80 which I find most amusing Politics 64 Especially when I think of some of the real meas Brods that have been on it that be the curtain thing over the years Oh god Oh, I think I think boobs Okay, whatever you say Golf 61 Can I say politics 64? 11% that's very sad Golf 61 religion 48 His taste and ice cream 41 which I forgot to tell you that thing about the cold stone cream Did you see that story? What about it? I'll get to it Alright NASCAR 29 everything you said 17 I disagree with Hey, it's 1247 it's a Tuesday It's like that is agree Rick Sanchez, Talut 9 I didn't know a hand in it And his tongue cruise gave only 8 That's a nice place Hey Tommy You're fair Yeah, it seems pretty unanimous See the one thing about that is the more these fake roll manses that they keep staging in the more these fake weddings and fake babies It just strings your credit Credibility to the poor we don't have any I get back to the ice cream and speaking to my botulism or whatever it thought it was a grenade I guess I didn't have it From the veg stables Yeah, you know this is not a veg stables There's nothing worse than a slimy pepper But anyway Last I guess it was over the weekend Yeah, what was he must have missed a story about cold struggle trying to realize they were like nationwide cold stone creamer Okay, no, no You know that Josh Oh, what things though there's plenty of them down here Nationwide, I said nation That's just Florida But anyway, so the point is that they had we called their cake batter ice cream Huh Because again, evidently the cake batter factor I don't want to use the wrong term because I don't know what the it was better than they wanted it to be I don't know what the term is in terms of when that stuff is like raw eating like raw cake batter Not good for you I like people give me Oh, like I don't know what your main cake batter ought to because it can have that powder dig like you're talking about Oh, but other things that shouldn't be raw And so they should about that and there's something that definitely ought to be oh not your all But anyway The cake batter ice cream had it because I remember we had a color remember that who called it he was Raving about that flavor and how good it was he probably did now But I'm sure I enjoyed it Man 560 5060 see we're just different right along here It's almost one o'clock. I feel like we haven't even started yet And guess what we started we haven't five six seven 0560 pound five 60 me Verizon singular wireless live. I'm surprised there is no more that they you know they just agree with but then again There's nobody out there. So what am I I'm just farting into a wind storm Joyce. I'll at lay of course. I'm Joyce and just joy seeing into a fart storm WQ I am hello You want Dr. Man speaking I mean Did you mention that movie war the world Did I mention it? I mean it's horrible Yeah And right I've written it's good and great reviews most of my lot of people say the end is not We were all regus gave it four out of four star I mean It's got to be you got to be a sign now. Okay whatever five six seven 0560 pound five 60 And the Verizon died to know you were kind of in a Richards who WQ I am hello Okay, that's that takes care of the calls boy you were wrong you promised me a Jim very Everybody said before the show Josh you said man the phones are going to be smoking the whole great right they're on fire Like maybe the and five maybe some of these people have some of that cake batter ice cream and they're just taking a trip to the magic room to kind of get it out of their system I mean I don't want to alarm anybody but I'd hear it like right there on I think it was CNN which means that it might had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit to it probably not But anyway they have recalled the cake don't get the cake batter. Okay. I don't remember the two flavors I tried but all man That stuff was just I'm seenly good now. What was the other one marble slab? I don't know the marble floor boards though since you started talking about it. I drove which one billboard for our slam. No, just the the creamery itself the place Do you understand what he just said? He's got a mouth called cold cold. Yeah, yeah, I'm going for them right you know the primary they got a great product why not to went and down just don't get the cake batter What's angry Marie just make sure it's well done WKOM hello So people to eat sushi man. I don't want something that's looking back at me. I'll pass Q. I am Hey, there are sushi. Okay. They're the first one you eat it. You know now. Okay. Okay. I just hope we let you know I've been interested in knowing that about one third of my point is for you. Oh Okay, what was that? Huh? Well, the third of why his don't turn that means I think why did you even repeat it because you asked why would it ask you to repeat it I do when she said it and a whole ass It would have been a half an ass on appetizing maybe now what was that's the right yet about goats and sheep kids He said about coasts and sheep and ass something like that. Don't think WQA. I'm hello What's going on? Yes sir. What are you got? What's the schedule for the summer because I'm sick of tuning in here and that don't George talk well I love tuning in and just tune it out. What did I tune it out? Okay. You're like George. We hate you like poison. How do you like that? We're just one big happy family on the show and all you mouth contents that work across the street Uh, your mama. Okay. You can you can phone any big info out there on the newspaper and sit there and tap it out all day long It don't impress us. Okay. Don't impress us that much. I remember that Clinton that we got to play that. I don't impress us much. You don't impress us Dan Lobaston with an ego to size of a Virginia Oh my god size amount rush more. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised it by the end of this weekend They're going to be taking a pull along Dan Lobaston's picture. I'm out rush more along with O.J. Toast and spinach and juice it on. Let's get them all on there Look for get breakfast burrito. See what you can't talk yourself into something. Okay. You can succeed in life But you can't talk yourself into it. You can't keep throwing you so it's like if you're a schlepper It's like 40 bucks in the bank in your whole lifetime. You can't talk yourself into being a millionaire. Okay. Enjoy it How many of you in the world? Yes sir. Hey, you know it's so funny about the Tom Cruise, the co-controversy. Yeah. Don't give him a harder time than the mission that it pushed him that is straight. No, they're given him more time. That's the point. Oh, I'm giving him a hard time. Give him a more airtime. Of course, how about the Renewade Bride? How about all this crap? How about that missing Bimbola and a Ruba? Right. It's just about how about Terry and her. She was almost like alien over again that Terry and her tube cramps. Joe's like they're afraid to discuss real issues. Right. Can you play some for me? Sure. I'm sorry. A couple weeks ago. I'm not going to play it. I better not. What? Well, it's first thing and I want a soldier or something like that or I'm either soldier. You have a place to see in. What is it called? I need some soldiers. Okay. Thanks, Charlie. I need some soldiers. I don't have the soldiers. I'm just going to be 95. Oh, why don't I? Oh, no. No, they know it is. I need some soldiers. We need more boys to be in them, homership and so. And we're having trouble reprieve. And we'll end you on and learn to be salute. And salute and join the army. And we'll give you a free haircut. The military needs some new persons. Her sense situation is urgent. Her sense. There ain't no shortage of insurgents. I saw that better ask you before I have to draft you. If you're living in the hood, we'll be looking for you again at the street. And what I'm suffocates. I need some soldiers. Join up. Oh, pretty please. You'll get a cool pair of boots that are totally free. If you're fresh out of school, you won't find a job that arm and ass fund. And we'll give you a gun. I need some soldiers. Drop down and give me 20. We'll sign you up today. Just be sure you're not gay. I need some soldiers real bad. We need you in a rat. We need some soldiers right now. Where are you at? Where are you at? Who wants to go, fuck for me? In a rat, in a rat. It's a 255-56, the deputy QM. We got both for Mo. To the set. No Mo. No, no, no, no, no. All we long, which is a little bonus for the audience. Everything. Not that we don't love Mo. But it's just, you know, absence makes the heart grow. It's a good thing. And then we got mad dogs. You managed it for Marlon's undecided. It's a brilliant time to play Marlon's. I keep repeating that. And hopefully there may be somebody who will go out there. You think they will? No, probably not. And then we got any K after the ball game. Don't forget tonight's the great night to bring some Browers to the ballpark for Josh and the broadcast crew. Yeah. Yeah. Why not? We were given up on that. Or we'll have to turn that guy troys listening. That's the only one. Yeah. The rounds for life, in fact, they're so desperately. They'll even take some of that great Baba Genu. But it comes as four times. We're leaving us four. Suppose when you'll buy six. You'll win. Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Yeah. What's up with your life? And go to set off a few rides. All right. Here in the backyard, they're flying out of control. Yeah. We're gone round, round, round, round, round, round, round. We're walking to the side. I don't know which way to go. And now I'm starting to inspire. Because some things don't catch up on. And the plane that you can hide. Burn in the long. What have hurts? I'm burning apart my friends. Yeah. Now the same two ways inside. It's a far, far, far. And it's my name, love for sky. Burn in the long. Burn in the long. You're fair. It's a hunk of something. One on one. I figured I'd play the egg notes in the live. Let's get it in there. Mary and can have an interesting facts here that we just got to say, Hey, George and Neil is even tough in the hay. We got to know the sewer called Miami. We lived all of our lives three years ago and moved to Greensboro, North Carolina. Daddy. George, you probably know where we are about 60 miles south of Vanville, Virginia. You know where they are? Sure. You know, anyway, it's heaven here compared to the hell my husband and I grew up. And we could go on as you know, George, but we don't want to bore you. Neil, you mentioned in cold stone, Creamy got me to go to one. Last Saturday, they had free tastings of new flavors. Wasabi ginger, nasty. Wasabi ginger. Food cereal, fair feel like foody pebbles. Old narration cooking over a good and tantruying pretty good. It was also dry and also dry and each door shut up, Christy, to win free ice cream for a year. So early, at 2 or least Saturday morning, my husband and me and the two kids went to cold stone. We got four tickets of the Ryan. Guess what we want free ice cream for a year? Oh, right. Speaking of Christy, I think they have to drag them all out with a crane at the end of the year. We had two creations each month plus for a year plus coupons for case once a month. I feel about a 10 pound weight gain already. She had told him, Mary and Kim, but I did not see my favorite flavor, cake batter in the case. I asked about it was told they were out watching the news that night. The cold stone is recalled all their cake batter ice cream because of a salmanella. I break. Oh my God. How do you like that? Can you just pretend to have salmanella? I don't know what they did. No, I don't think you can pretend to puke and have wild diarrhea. No, I'm not sure if you're good at it. I have it. We love listening to you both. In other words, you want to sue somebody. Is that what you're trying to say? No, I'm not saying this. How about a slip and fall would be good. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Right there in the hallway would be excellent. We love listening to you both. You always make it so glad we left the homeland. It really is so much better away from Miami anywhere. So Mary, can't. God bless you and that's the course. Oh, God. And can't good luck to you. You'll need it. That's good. See there on his people there. And he got out of the home on jealous. There's another fact that says, please put hockey on your pool. Okay. PS aerosmith rules. Well, there you go. Oh. We got it on that case. See. Come on. Go. See. See. That's my bag. It's all going to get you done. All right. Listen. Cue it up. I'm. We'll wait. That's that fact. That's that. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. See. Help, robin' you. Go. Ha, ha, ha, ha. You're the beautiful Somers. I know. It was more fun, I wonder. Oh. Hey, out. You felt. You found. You found. See, that's a more than a bag music. I like, I'm sorry. It's four minutes after one and five. Who's that guy on CNN, man? He's, uh, looks almost human. Can't believe he's talking about. He's at a roba, by the way. Holloway's mother lashes out of the freed suspects during Dutch. I talked about those Dutch tonight. Had I worn you for one, I'd bought them for years there. Look out now. George McClure writes in the Denver Post. This is good. Another liberal column, right? The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals. I was informed of this fact by Rush Limbaugh and Thomas Saul and Anne Colbert and Rich Laury and Bill O'Reilly and William Saffar and Robert Novak and William Fuckery Jr. in George Will and John Gibson and Michelle Malcolm and David Brooks and Tony Snow and Tony Blankley and Fred Barnes and Bertie women Larry Cardlow and Sean Hannity and David Horowitz and William Crystal and Hugh Hewitt and Oliver North and Joe Scarborough and Pat Buchanan and John McLaughlin and Cal Thomas and Joe Klein and James Cook Patrick and Tucker Carlson and D. Roy Murdock and Michael Savage and Charles Crodham are in Steven Moore and Alam Q's and Gary Bauer and Martin Kendrake and Andrew Sullivan and Nicholas Von Hoffman and Neil Kabuto and Matt Drog and Mike Rosen and David Cappel and John Cal Vera. Hey, where's the court and lady? The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals. For instance, if you know there's an ultra-elected professor at the University of Colorado named Ward Church, Trilor Oden, SA three years ago in which you call the victims of 9-11 little icons that you never heard of him as the liberalist to put the Kabach on embarrassing stories like this. The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals. Look at how they all gave Bill Clinton a pass on the harmonical of Winsky affair. Remember, it was never in the news. We never heard of any of these silly issues details. The work of his presidency never had never came to a virtual hall by he defended himself. The mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals. They are so closely elected that no Republicans can get elected. Republicans don't control the presidency. They don't control both houses of Congress. They don't control 20 to 50 governorships. Last year, a lot was made to be appropriately spotted. The two research center for the people in the press, the report found that 34% of national journalists identified themselves as liberal, 54% identified themselves as moderate, and 7% identified themselves as conservative. 23% of local journalists identified themselves as liberal, 61% as moderate, and 12% as conservative. These figures can be interpreted in a number of ways. First of all, if you actually read the whole report, you've come across a commentary that's specifically warned against drawing an easy across-the-board conclusions. We would be reluctant to infer too much here, it said. The survey includes just four questions, probing journalists, political attitudes. Yet the answer to these questions who get journalists head and mind something other than a classic figure of my liberalism and something more along the lines of libertarianism. But, continue doing a story on the peer report, and the nuance comments about our not sufficiently dramatic for your medium. You need to reduce things into the digestible soundbites. If you wanted to sound the alarm bells on the right, you could say the national journalists were nearly five times as likely to identify themselves as liberalists conservative. This would be literally true, but perhaps a little misleading is the same polar results tell us that 61% of national journalists identified themselves as moderate or conservative. If your John Gibson of Fox News, you just make up your own statistics and claim that 80% of reporters themselves ascribe liberals. If you're actually in ball, you'll offer up the same lie and day later, and specifically set the polar proves you wrong, most of those journalists are liberals, 80% of them will admit it in the latest press poll, he says. Just for the sake of argument, let's assume that the media in America really are predominantly recalcitrant leftists. Say you're a conservative media-mobile named Rupert, and you have the wherewithal to do something about it. Here are the three paths you might take. One, you could announce your beliefs that the reporting of news is always subdupped in their forebised, so you're going to start a news network that comes to things from your own perspective in order to balance out which you perceive to be the bias of the left. Two, you could set up your own news network that actually is fair and balanced, or three, you could set up your own news network that is consistently and demonstrably in the call yourself for in balance, guess which one he chose. This just in at Fox News, the mainstream media in this country are dominated by liberals. QD, 560, let's get about 100 calls in here before the bull for Mo show. Two to seven, what do you say, huh? Let's get in three, 400. Are there all in a way to call stone creamer? There's one. They're out of the cake batter, I assume I think. How many QA and hello? I thought you said it was a call on 16, you say that? It lit up, there he is. Hello. Tom Rogers can help you. Okay, good. 560, 560, pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. You lied, man. We told me that this would really be worth getting out of the, out of bed just morning four. Sucker. WQA and hello. A deal, I worry. Okay. A deal first. I, on your pole, the only thing that I don't understand about it is you're like four vanilla ice cream. I have one like vanilla ice cream. Yeah. Second of all, second of all. Second of all, second of all, second of all, second of all, second of all, second of all, second of all, you know what, second of all, you know what, second of all, you know what, I don't know. A lot of people think Paris helped us pretty exciting too. God, she is such a, never mind. Nothing, I guess she is such a joy. I saw the movie, or the world, my family and I did, two weekend and actually, you know what, I liked it. I was good rendition of it. I thought the ending was just fine. The ending was the same as the ending before. There was no, no change in it. The fight with George may think it was a good movie. And George usually complains about just the ending. To pick one small thing of a movie and then pick on it. But yeah, like Magnolia. I thought I said George, George, how about the league of the extraordinary gentlemen, how you just like to hide hat and criticize the whole thing. They complete piece of film from the beginning to end. So, I'm sorry. It was a part of the film that was trash. It was amazing money. The league of extraordinary gentlemen, you won't find two people to agree with. It did well. It did well. It did not. It bombed. George. It bombed. You're lying. Like the victim of an idiot. I like the female. Now, when you keep talking about George F. I'm talking about, I'm talking about a project. Call him tomorrow. I'll be on your mind. I'm 100% right. But I get what I actually George is entertaining to agree anyway. Right. Can we deal? You know. That's all I have. Thank you. He wanted to talk to you. He didn't want to talk to you. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. He wanted to talk to me. I think this really started big time with, well, first of all started with a 24 or seven news channels, but the OJ thing that was what really began with this whole cycle of insanity. And we have to become obsessed with it, whether it's alienity to it, whether it's Terry and her. You, whether it's so the runaway bride, whatever now and most of our stories that nobody should give a crap about it. Except those people were involved in them. Who gives a crap about it, right? Well, George does because he was telling me about the adutch kid and about his father is whatever it is. Oh, he just said, yeah, he's a big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the Big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big bear please support this moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth or the big moth and if you just explained with your inspiration, ah, so you ask him, you also ask him, you ask him and, oh look, forgive me, forgive you, forgive me, forgive me. perfume that man was so didn't like, he asked me, forgive me, forgive me. forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me for divergence, forgive me, forgive you forgive me, forgive me for this as well bless you forgive me alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright. Alright alright alright, alright alright alright, alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright alright for now. The fuss says the obnoxious, the anxious civil rights leader Jesse Jackson is over a stamp honoring an urban black boy with large lifts bugged out eyes and monkey like gestures that smack of sandbo type images. Who? The black sandbo. I say. African American, Mexican American groups are calling on Mexican President of the Sentai Fox to withdraw the stamps. White House spokesman Scott McCullan said the stamp images have no place in today's world. Well, guess what's got neither of you and your leader have no place in today's world or any world. Fox doesn't understand the fuss. The other minorities or the Afro-Americans or Latin's have a suggestion that first read the magazine get the information that express publicly or opinion fox told the in P last week. On our side, we know that all Mexicans love this character. The Afro-Follows foxes may 13th remark that Mexican migrants in the US tapes did not even black civil wing to do. Fox eventually apologized for their mark lamenting and he heard feelings. Many minority groups in the US felt as apology was half-hearted or half-hearted. And Mexico, though the frakers is created, mean, mean, and mean, yeah, sending hundreds of people to post offices. Many we responded to reports that full sheets of the 60 cents stamps were more to be instant collectors items were being auctioned on eBay for up to $200. I'd like that. Everything. It's like the stuff on the fry pan, the fried pan and the virgin Mary and a fried pan and the toast and whatever. The toast and the toast and the toast. Speaking of what a great segue. I just told him to a bucket of crap. You got a toast out of story? No. I was thinking about the virgin Mary on the immaculate pizza that Totino's pizza. Yeah. The pizza delivery man allegedly robbed by admitted child killer Lionel Tate said he most remember his master's say on his eyes because they left the impression that the stick up was a game, according to investigative documents released Friday. The robbery victim 44 year old Walter E. Gallardo has positively identified Tate as the end of robber move. Four Domino's pizza pies at gunpoint. I made 23rd in apartment. In a statement given that Tate a police gay artist was asked when he remembered most. I'll be honest with you. If Domino's came to my door, I'd probably like pull a gun too. Speaking in Spanish to a translator, Gayardo replied, his eyes. The expression I think I was making with his eyes. This was a game like almost a smile. Take the 18th place of knock guilty to charges that he robbed you. I don't have to use any young friends photo or the pieces. At a hearing set for August 60, faces of potential life sentence because he was on probation as part of a plea or green in the 99 killing of a six year old family friend Tiffany Unic. In a statement Gayardo said there was no answer on the apartment door when he initially brought the 33 dollar order of pizzas. Then he heard of voice say, hey, and then he went back thinking the customer maybe was in the shower that her was slightly open so he went in. Behind the door, Gayardo said it was a black man wearing a black bandana or a handkerchief covering part of his face with an old hand gun pointed at him. He dropped up pizzas, fled, tumbling down the stairs and losing his glasses and cell phone. A 13 year old boy who lived in the apartment told police that take used his phone to order the pieces and return with a gun and committed the robbery. The boy, to Quincy Tompkins said he wouldn't have taken full of gun from his waistband and put that care yardo. Lionel fried a taste and but he got away to voice said in a second statement given when investigators were working for Tates lawyer the boy we can't have what he told police and identified the robbery somebody else. I heard who said he was formerly a police officer in Peru identified the weapon as a 38 caliber robber that appeared to be an older model because it had a bronze tins to it, quarter the new documents. One of three handgun stolen earlier in May from the home tatures with his mother, a Florida state trooper, was either a 38 caliber or a 357 revolber police said, one of the weapons that we covered were police reviews to say which one, where was found or believed to be used and they teach a robber. Pretty bright hit there's so lionel huh? Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, smile kind of like Prado. What comes to aintegence you walk your real bedroom. Good Fifth I'm pretty sad Brooks used, oh it's bottom blue. The thing that I'm saying about Brooks is that there's misinformation. Okay, and she doesn't understand this history of psychiatry. She doesn't understand it the same way that you don't understand it. Can't you just come but to die in poverty? Now, see you in that same church, just because you're the end. Oh yeah, I'm going home. Long after the drill of marriage is gone. Oh yeah, they say I'm going home. The world's getting pretty sick now of bleeding and child. You got suckered in and gone and spent a money, your heart and money. You'll see that piece of crap. I thought we were going to, whether it sucks or not, at least to give me something to talk about. So another genogosci, a mediocre movie with a really annoying... I was hoping, he was a magnolia, Mr. Yeah, I was hoping that it would be been true this to me in the time. He's been in maybe three good movies. He was like a good man. I'm hoping. I was given a chance to be in four good movies. Well, one was the last time he was in a good movie before this before Magnolia. Yeah, yeah. Before I see. And what you was at? I don't know. Long time ago. It's September 97, not long enough. September 97 was what I disagree with Neil most about is then we had the one lady caller. That's the only one we had all day and she pitched me out because of the boring pool. Oh, he's 15. My whole day is ruined now. Soon as to a clock I'm going to sit in the corner with my thumb and my mouth like, Oh, yeah. How come we could have been more entertaining for that lady? What I disagree with Neil most about is I grew in the amount of everything I'm 188. Right. Okay. His taste in music, how did it end 27? His taste in the hot people 94. See, I'm thinking that maybe part of that is thinking about it. Yeah, you know. This guy is voting because I think, you know, like Tom Welling is out of whoever I like meant that. That's actually how to good point. It's not who you like but who you don't like like when you knock our girl Anna. Yeah, that's one. Well, that's an example that's a, you know, that's a pretty big deal. Oh, excuse me. I just, I'm very at pitch. How dare you talk about the, yeah, that's why he's tasting hot people 94. I've whatever. Golf 708, Paul Fix 70, six religion 56, his taste in ice cream 44. Stay away from that cookie. That cake batter please. Okay. Stay away from it. What do you want to find in any way? You better stay away from it. Oh, by the way, let's interrupt you. Miguel's earned too many things. I think they coupon for some three ice cream from guess where. Who'd be able to? Miguel. Yeah. Try to kill me. I'm going to throw some cream right. You're loving it. By the way, the picture took a glassy coupon with a really colorful picture of some ice. No, wait a minute. Let me just straight my brain out here. You haven't had it yet, right? That is correct. Oh, geez. Well, Josh, I'll tell you. I'm not exaggerating. It's pretty, and you know, I'm pretty picky about my ice cream. Good stuff. Yeah, what do you know about ice cream? They have a picture of a chocolate devotion on here, which I think I might just, you know, to put a lotion in the devotion is what I heard. Politics, 70, 7 religion for these six. Yeah, 56 as in Q 56. The religious people are the crazy people make no mistake about it. And during this documentary, they have somebody talking about one, you know, Christians and Jews and Muslims, and we really get along. And I'm thinking to myself, why is it like inherent? Why is it should be necessary that you can't get along with other people, because they believe different fairy tales. So that's, that's be sure itself. Of course, they do not mention atheist agnostic Hindus, Buddhist, any of those people. Remember that they're atheist who say when the atheist tried to put everyone to death and torture. Right. When Madeline O'Hare got sliced up, oh, is it the other way around? His taste and ice cream, 44, which I find most amusing, because believe me, if I tell you, the flavor ice cream is great. Then you look, the vanilla ice cream crowd, you have no taste. That's all your taste buds. Probably were scraped off at birth. I can't help it. I mean, you need to transplant on your tongue. It's like sugar water. Mads scar 37. So it's not sugar water. It's just like bill called, I used to say, at a great line delicious, but no taste. You know, it's a no taste. It's a big, there's no flavor onto it. It's just, it's cold. It's just something cold. You go on your tongue. Which I had a great line for that, but I better not. Mads scar 37. Everything he says 20, they don't agree with anything I say, but they're still listening, because they just can't handle it. They just can't stop. They just want to hear what you're going to be wrong about next. Right. It's time cruise gate 13. 13 people disagree with me about that. Well, guess what? Hey, Tom. You're fairie. Rick Stains says it's Talon 10. And I keep thinking about this, not that it makes any difference. Hockey five. I should have asked. Well, what does that mean? Whatever. Is it mean? Whatever. Why say about it? Because I don't care about the fact that I'm not playing that. Yeah. No, no, seriously. I don't know what that really means. I guess they don't like hockey or the fact that I don't know what on the surface. Yeah. Or maybe the fact that I'm not all whipped up into a frenzy. I've never had a JD from late. I've got that didn't leave the ice. Oh, Danny Gallivan, he's still dead. And in fact, he wanted to be alive. He said it will on the dead side. Hey, Danny. It's a resensation. Let's say a simple eating broadcast. So anyway, guilty ought to be happy because it looks like it hasn't been any announcement. Better check over with least TV. Had not again because Rimmer said, but it would put about. And Leafs launches and commercial now. The class fundamentally altered RDN. It's certainly not. I've always wanted that hour. Would the only ones who could stop it? Play them out. Play them out. Yes. And a little bit of interest in the TV has been made. We have the statistics. We're going to see that. Fantastic. Yes. And a little bit of interest in the TV has been made. Yeah. Now you're going to see that fantastic for? Yes. And a little bit of interest in the TV has been made. So war the world, but then you can't ever make it. I'm hoping for the best just like I was for the war. Well, at least find your money on something good in the best part of it. It is time cruising in it. What comes to sport? Really? What's going to be your 5.16-thousand win? Mackonon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Gaugh. I'm going to ask you. It's a good man. Everything gaming in that map of the game for you saved. And now. What did you give you to save? And every four year mother exists. That's a new thing. We're going to keep going outside. And outside. And hope it's in our head. We're going to try. No. What Josh goes up to be your man? Brother, do you remember her son before? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? We're going to bring her to save. Back to the way of standing on the floor. Are you all right? I'm just in the way of doing it. Please, we scored the goal for the win. We had a hard time. We did that. We did that. Yeah. We did that. When Josh was up to be your man? What does Josh do to be your man? Where Josh was up to be your man? I've never heard this before. Oh man, I think I'm just going to take like the last five seconds of that and just make a bit out of that. Anyway, so once I'm piece Emily, I've got both from O, no mode today. No, no, no, no, no. I can't both hand-brst any by sitting by a hulking by. I wonder if he brought the cow this time to put on a friend of the building. And of course, that would be the cow would be abbreviated for coward as in our coward. Remember the cowardly lion, Bertlar? Right? He could play Greg Reed in our next full-length feature film about the cow. Oh, let's just ignore them. They'll go away. Oh, the cow, wait, please. Oh, wait, please. Oh, wait, please. Speaking of radio and things like that, North Miami Beach, you're a police detective on June 23rd. The news was a little late in around. Seasoned and crowded equipment being used by an unlicensed radio station that used the 91.7 megahertz frequency, the same one used by Christian station WMKL, Christian rock in Kylerdo. Oh, Christian rock my ass. Accordingly police report, the pirate station's transmitter was located on two-story orifice building. The station was unattended using a windows media player running on a PC with a DSL connection. Furthermore, police say the pirate station's transmiters turned on their evening using a hot water heater type timing switch, which would turn off every morning. Local police were aided in locating the unlicensed radio legislation. By WMKL staff were as who pinpointed the source in under 30. But third man in it's a complaint was also filed with the FCC. WKML's courage to another named county signal was effectively restored. When the shutdown of the pirate station, thank God for that. We got to get that Christian rock crank in baby. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And the hit, just keep on coming. C-T-L, coming. And that's right, they're not Christian. Anyway, don't forget to get on our website. Please, I'm begging you, the best thing, the most important thing we've ever had on there is nothing else than even a close second. When you agree, yes. So far, you haven't watched it. I'm going to watch it all as soon as I get home. From the CDC, pasted I was originally aired last October, which two bad it wasn't all over North America, because Bush wouldn't have a Chinaman's chance in hell. The world according to Bush, two are documentary. You can watch part one, part two, and a three, whatever you want to do. Okay. I'm begging, I'm pleading. I'm on my knees begging. Kimbernext, then we got Mad Dog at four Marlon stuff at 60. Those red hot bro was coming in the town again tonight. Bye, bye, bye.