when you're wrong you know you move on hello hello oh I'm on you're on that was Reverend Jones by the way the anxious Reverend Jones your last color last guy was so maybe we can get familiar with his voice to keep that guy up and hook him up with Joyce and the two of them we can get a package deal I wouldn't yeah I would I was thinking when I heard through the grapevine about your latest development here I'm thinking maybe you had a mad dog and I can like chip in for a hitman you know can be too much oh why do I have to go through this it's like you know it's actually I I understand totally what mad dog is going I thought I added done I went through the same thing I know to exactly the same thing let me just give you a little piece of advice not that you need it for me just tell me to blow it out there is do not sign any of that crap and you know they should have paid in like she did with me I mean I should sign something that says that if I say something it's offensive to somebody who ever heard of something that mean I have stupid stuff you guys that they pulled verbated word for word of this choice this rhymes with which and other things she's got the these these convincing oh she's gonna save them for all of us the dangerous people like these talk show like us as opposed to the you know the book comes out I'm trying to give this tremendous book where making money handover fist if they could sell it which they can't but and and all they want to do is a browbeat everybody it's like some kind of a a peeing contest I don't get it I just you know and I also I'm not going for it no course not absolutely not I mean this is I mean basically it's most one-sided right document I've ever read other than you know other than a Ricky Williams column by what's that I said if you woke up in a morning on a wrong side of bed or came in a look at somebody cross-eyed you're fired I mean it looked kind of a contract is that yeah based on somebody's whim especially in a place like that so were you it's a trump wedding you know I was it would buy a better off as they say I'm winning 1200 bucks not to be not a bad a good day actually betting ghost dream up the Palm Beach cannot put and I know you want to apologize for I'm lucky everybody else selling my favorite short I'm Friday and it was that's okay that's okay that happened nobody gives me the like the Rodney Dangerfield and Truffle Paul nobody gives me respect to my I respect him I keep pounding the crap out of all that's right how did teams the cold still stealers they just outpaid and out coast them to how about power going for a fuel go on fourth and one and a half yeah that was for the on me pay is very first decision and then the Patriots get fourth and one and a half late in the game and they sewed up the kill off for about two and a half minutes that are clocked by a going for making it I'll tell you the very first decision power made in the game going for a fourth and one from the 39 yard line was ridiculous to give them the ball there right when you know their defense company it has backward when he shouldn't have done he did the other way around but I thought the game was over when Brady hit that first touch down past right I mean I didn't have to suffer you know it was just you didn't I yeah I know you didn't but I mean it was over at that point and I was hoping they played another quarter and get least 60 70 points just you know this is like I and even that but you're right you know when you have fourth down on a two yard line and you're too touched down behind in a four right what kind of a base move was that basically is like going for a two point conversion you mean you've got to do it right and then so given you know they take that to fall the torch at that point and they were stopping the way so but you know what I won three of my four props yeah so I'm happy about that they had the big mogul and you I mean that guy anyway yeah you know something yesterday we had a massive power figure in Toronto okay yeah I water main first yesterday morning about seven o'clock freezing just unbelievably freezing so I can't watch the first game on TV some listening on radio now who's the guy's at L Westor who did that first game no I don't think he works anymore I don't know who this guy was really bad and then he's promo in the fact Marm Albert's gonna be doing the the Patriots dealer game yeah and I'm thinking to myself if somebody weren't such a hard ass he could have been doing that second game I don't want my chain name so I don't know you should work for a Westwood one I remember him yeah yeah but he is not doing more because everywhere he goes it's the same deal oh oh is to know him is to a hate him can't like Joyce maybe he could have low-poed Joyce oh he has a white yeah he's not gonna get something going or maybe at least he can send her the muskrat wouldn't be the same song from Oda muskrat ramble you gotta get me credit for that I'm the guy that embarrassed him out of this in the muskrat just like he did with Steve Ziggler and I would be oh yeah I didn't know this Steve did that yeah well what little I have is mine yeah so I can say the same thing but I'm not talking about here I know well listen don't spend it all in one place spend what I have no contract don't talk about that I'm talking about your what he's from the weekend oh I did well with the ghosting card the unsighted actually but you know something you talked about but you answer there and I'm alive in the pick six after four races I got a horse who's on top of me by two lengths as they get to the top of the land he's soon as he said he's like mush in the Brock's tail as soon as he said he's the strong horse coming down the stretch and he's extending his lead and I'm looking at the horse shorting stride and I just took my ticket and ripped it up but I do like his frozen meals though hey you have a nice afternoon whatever yeah I'll give it a shot stay stay warm give me a good choice a shot too I'll write it just in the leg to wake her up Dr. would Hank don't do it don't bend don't yield not to worry there you go see Oh girl Boy Three years old days, I'm free to your nose. Guys watch out for your nor-goers. I'm just a lady, he's crazy. You may go from a day to a wake up, cause it's colder than hell than airtight in town. I drop my knees and lay down her belly. And stay in the door for a meal. I'm gonna go, damn it's cold. 10.05.5.60 WQM happy Monday too. All of this is supposed to be the most depressing day of the year, do you know that? Do you know what? Because of the jelly thing? Oh, and I forgot to mention the heck about Roger Dinging, the guy. Got killed. Who? Jockey. All the long-term moose. South Florida Jockey. Some you wouldn't know about, right? Something really important. And of course, the big news, which I've stored down Friday, right here. So, you have to take my phone. It isn't. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now. The first thing I've stored in here is that I can figure out why. I can plan a theme song for it. I had to store it from the inquire. And I saved it because it was such an important story. Now, why I saved it? Oh, no, I saved it because the picture of Miguel from Passions was on the that district has my shows on the other side. Just dark naked, just about. And any right on the other side, Johnny Carson, Secret Medical Emergency. We had it for you right here. First, okay. So, when somebody's dying or on a virgin, you'll hear it here first. What do I mean, Joyce? The bullet. What? All right. Listen, seriously, if she had like an embolism or something, I mean, we'd have a party. I'd actually fly down and I'd cater to the party, right? I'd spring for big bucks to celebrate that. The way that they're brow-beating the talent, man. You know, this crap of our Greg comes in around Friday. We'll be sure to tell Neil Congratulations on a great book. Yeah, thanks very much by the way, Greg, for jerking me around and lying through your teeth. And thanks for the way that your corporate is treating all the other people on the year. And it's kind of like this is an automated radio station. I see very Jackass has got that column above. So-called 1,400 is the sports station that nobody ever heard of before is blown off all the local town because they can't make payroll. You think we got no spots you can imagine what they're selling, not even a dollar a dollar. So just brow-beating all the talent, man. This is why I keep telling you. That's why the people listen to this radio station. Not because of joy-spits, not because they love the beeslies and they're corn cob whatever they're doing over there with them. Or because they love Greg Reed or Mufflin Z or Clarence who's out sick again today. Probably got a bad dose of something from the beast. No, it's because of the talent, man. I'd have to keep tying out a play of loop of that all day long. You know, it's the talent, okay, until the day I want. Monarch has it takes a shot of Hank in there too, the Humphor. That's okay. Well, I was back in the day. He was a one of the sports nerds on IOD. Him and Joseph Gackackackackackackackackie. Johnny Carson is dead and it's just, I don't want to pee under everybody's parade, okay? Heather, peace of my childhood. And, you know, I was ice-roaching with my mother. I remember she would, she would be to stay up late every night watching. So that kind of person showing the late late show and- I mean, you really don't want to say what you really feel because they're old, the guy's dying, he's a legend. Okay, I just was never big fan of his. After growing up watching Steve Allen and Jack Parr, to me, what Johnny Carson did on the night show, was like, pedestrian at best and just overrated at worst. I mean, highly overrated and I think that's the guy's dead. But at least the one good thing I'll give him for is like after he retired. He went out on top, didn't hang on too long. And then when he retired, he like, I went to the background and enjoyed his life, whatever he could while he was dying of empty seam on. He was drinking and smoking up a storm. And that's it. He's dead on everybody's face. I can't do Williams as another guy. I've stayed out of your face, right? I haven't seen it. No, he has that golf tournament, I guess, or at least he used to, where we know him. And that's it. He just stays out of your face. That's the way to do it. Instead of keep coming back and popping up, talking some kind of crap like Cheetos or some garbage, you know? And then Jay Lotto was a pain tributator. Of course, you know, up until he croaked, Carson was right in comedy, bits for Letterman. He was right in jokes for Letterman, because he wanted Letterman to beat the crap out of Jay Lotto. Because he realized that Jay Lotto was garbage. Just a walking chin. Jay Lotto ought to be Chinese when you think. He's one of those eight million chins in New York, on board. God, can't stand Jay Lotto. I don't want to start bitter though, because this is the most depressing day of the year. We got that story. Got a lot of stories. Johnny Carson, late night TV legend dies at 79. You know how many years he hosted at the time, Joe? 30. But 30 man. Diet Sunday of Emphasima. All you punks out there and smoking those bags. Let me tell you right now, Johnny, you should be listening to me. Okay. What was that? Am I inphasing there? Oh, he passed away yesterday morning. Carson's nephew Jeffrey Satsin told CNN, No memorial service. No big dog in Pony show he is a private guy. I want to be left alone. And I like that. More power to him. I was going Johnny. Even though your show I thought was marginal. Carson a long time's worker was 79 and not since 2002 that he was suffering from the disease. He was hosted late night talk show from October 26, he made 22, 1992, taken over from Jack PAR. He could lick Jack PAR's ass. And handing off the Jay Lotto after 4,500 and 31 episodes. It's a sad day for his family and for the country. Late show host David Letterman said in the statement yesterday, he was the best of star in a gentleman. That's what he said. Carson has a hopeful father. He's been greatly missed since his retirement letterman said. Thank God for video tapes and DVDs. This regard he'll always be around. He was born John William Carson October 23, 1925 in Corning, Iowa. I didn't even know that was a Corning, I would you? Yeah, the Corning, it's sure it's special. There's Corning in New York where they have made their glass rhymes with. He survived his fourth wife Alexis and son's Christopher and Corey from his first marriage to Joan Jody Walcott. Another son Richard died in a car accident 91. This five decades on television Carson was never open publicly with details of his personal life. Nobody got to know him said comedian Joan Rivers who often substitute him for Carson's blah blah blah. He was very private. Well, good. I like that. It goes down about how he did this and he did that. It was a nicer and Lincoln Nebraska. He had a show called Carson Seller. Fiend, Tom Redskill, my heart Carson is a writer. Put him on his host on live TV when Scalm was injured during her rehearsal. John Carson, show spent 39 weeks on CBS and 5556. He did a quick show. Who do you prefer than ABC and met Edmund Mann, who became Carson's butt-looking sidekick can totally return from the 9-show 35-year later. Here's Johnny. You aren't correct sir. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Here's Johnny. That was it. Nice going Ed. Talk about making a career out of like, uh, kiss an action and with a very similar, we're far, never. Just some of just a great Larry Wasting. No time to have a panel on last night. Here's our panel. Okay. Here's our panel. Johnny Carson, crook, here's our panel. We got a panel. Man, oh man. I'm saying I think right along with Joyce. Maybe Larry King could be in the same, uh, accident. Oh. It's on the same boss, Sellerby. Oh, I can't see Larry taking a boss. I can see Joyce on the boss back to Maryland with the, because we paid the, we paid the Greyhound people. I didn't pull it up with gas. 12 minutes after 10, if I have 60 L. Well, let's say before we do the Greyhound, here's the Resolver Friday's poll. What historical event you released, believe, could have happened. We actually George W. Bush out of 2000 plus votes wins, hands down your pants. 726. I mean, who could believe that? What rational person could believe that? That anybody with an IQ larger than their digit could possibly vote for a lunatic for a crazy person for a line pathological, a dry drunk maniac who's killing thousands and thousands of innocent people. But anyway, the real-life to George W. Bush, it did happen 726. So they tell us the resurrection of Jesus was a distance second between 91. OJ gets acquitted to 35. 9, 1176, Noah's arc 1116. QA and gets to check together, 97. Call us and let us know when that's going to happen. Red socks win the World Series 63. The Holocaust 49, man walks on a moon 48. Like P. Otsig gets married 44. It's happened in any day in South Florida. The World Series 62. 20, 24. Ricky Wavigum leaves football 23. The heat gets 22. The assassinations of the 60s 12. The QM Fall ratings book 11, which by the way, IOD got a real bogus with a lot of wire diaries. December, you're not full of anybody, Russia, anybody else over there. A real bogus right winged December. Otherwise we'd have really kicked ass. We did great. But we would have unsuper-super-super great if we would have been for a phony December. Rush, PD, all you phony's over there Diody. And by the way, I'm not going to knock cheap channel anymore because after what the beeslees are doing to all of us. Who the hell are we to knock anybody else in the business? Right? Right. The beeslees may career channel look like a bunch of benevolent kindle, something, kutes. But they have the last part. And if he had not more head only four. So there we go. It's 1014 at 5.16. WCM, we got our usual unwanted scheduled. They got the mad dog at two, which is not where we want him. It's not what we wanted. More Howard David at 4-7, which is definitely not what we wanted. You got guilty. 7-10, which is nobody wanted. At least we rounded out with any kid 10, who's a fixture. Oh man. Hey, well this is what was your new year's resolution. May it all be the same way again. You're trying to get rid of some of that disgusting fat. Are you sitting at your desk when you're car. You feel like unboxing your belt. I'm doing the top button on your skirt. Yeah, I've got a button on my skirt right now. Or maybe you've already done it. That wants for life for the little of you. Five meals a day. Everyday, I'll based on the popular zone diet. Let me say it again. Enjoy five feeding today and still lose weight. The best part about the deal is balance for life is the only meal delivery company. The office you menu choices. Go to balanceforlife.com and check it out. Let me again advise you. Lay low on the babaganoo. Put up the netted scrape. And don't yourself a delicious goodies like blueberry pancakes. You'll free cheese cake. You'll often tune a burger. Real filé with parsley potatoes. They even have a chicken and veggie pizza. And all you snowbirds in South Florida right now to avoid a freezing nasty snow frill. Oh man, should check this out too because they can tell you the meals you're specific needs. Don't think you're overweight? I'll take this simple BMI test fat. So at balanceforlife.com, just go to the bottom of the page and click on body mass index of your scores over 25. Guess what? Your PHAT. You need balance for life. What do you wait and for? Pour over to the side of the road right now. Put down net pen and get on the phone. Grab it and discwesit. Call balance for life right now. 866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4545. 3-1-866-4543. Run away. It's balanceforlife.com. Pour the things that the meal runs. And 50-50-m. And embarrassment. That's your duty. Just push. You done this before. What then? You've all been money for. What if your sworn in and for for my years? No one changes. Growth sets. And there will be a few. But none. I'm fucking into you. That's so much about you that they hate. With your nantees. On this day, the will have to stay. Turning the bat. And you will catch my way. That's a piece. You don't like it to do me. Tell me. What if all the love you get to win? Not you, baby. I'm so sorry. You're too big. I'm not even four. This week. All that you have is made. But you've got to spend it to be tripped. On yourself. No one else. And I want another truth. That's me. My arm always was out of bed. And I got to go with my friend. I'm not a god of all that's gone. I'm a friend. Oh yes. 10. I got to write here. That's all those folks over there in the Indian. Sri Lankan. Whatever. All the mud stories around the world. But in the meantime, 40 million antichrist. All of those balls. I think that most presidents had two balls. But this person had ten balls. Which is really pretty embarrassing. Anyway, here's our poll today. All of our friends. I said, listen. Alonno was on the beat of current. We got three pictures there for the price of one. We're doing the top five from our poll last week. Your favorite beat of current. And check. Alonno is on our show. Number five. So we'll run five or four three two one. And of course. We'll all kick Joyce in the. Yeah. Yeah. Bad news. I should have mentioned this to the hump. I'm sure he's aware of this. Broward Jockey killed in crash. Roger Dangeen of Southwest Rances. We retired Jockey. Race horses and softboard around the country. Diet in the car crash. The Hollywood is riding with him in the 30 years. Not 30 men. Roger Dangeen race horses. He came to love the animals for their speed power and beauty after he retired from racing in the early 90s. Dangeen saw those in qualities in a blue 1960s. Ford Cobb were convertible. He fell in love with the car brought at home and cared for it. As he would have. I'm centered in that as Dangeen. The French have to co-brand a joy ride around the block. And Hollywood. The X Jockey lost control of his shares. Tarrant hit the median launched in the year and slammed it away. Sement. Light poll. Oh my God. Dangeen 60 of Southwest Rances in the strength of the Mustang 43 old mother were killed. Police said the cover was traveling in a high speed. Yo, who else has a co-brand on you or did have? Who wrote it? Yeah. Did you still got it? I don't know. Mustang of Hollywood was at a party year and Hollywood on Saturday night hosted by Dangeen's family. The X Jockey has party girls. If anyone would take a ride around a block in his co-brand experience, the Sleec cars power and beauty. Uh oh, bad choice. Mustang a long time-fended Dangeen is why family are eager to go to take a ride. Dangeen drove the cover around a block for a few minutes. Was headed back to the party right at 8pm when the X Jockey happened in the 40 200 Blockers Sheridan Street. On Sunday, Dangeen's family and friends more than lost her man who raised three children had Mountain more than 6,000 races of Herbert Riftax in South Florida across the North Eastern USA. He was a good man and a good rider said Dominic in pressure 86 with the trainer for Tindley Wider or horse Dangeen wrote in the 80s. He had a good head, good patience and he was tough. And I catch the watch to take it. It's not a lot. He's way to price rider Dangeen. He's been pretty good price. Anyway, he's dead. A lot of that saying, oh, I guess what else is dead? What is all this stuff going on? You know what? Next in Secretary Rosemary was a 7-day. I heard about her and PR this word. Right. Rosemary was the devoted secretary to President Nixon admitted to him and It's a very recent part of a crucial watergate tape as died. She was 87. That's definitely old enough. I must have 86. What? Well, no, it's the truth, right? I mean, it was 93. And you say, oh, that's old enough, but unless you're 92, and then he said, well, you're going to die when you're 93. Oh, I don't think so. How about 95 sounds good, you know, in 97, right? Right. What does that said, right? And I'm nursing home in Alliance, Ohio. Roger Ruzek, owner of a funeral home in Siebring, said he has to He didn't know the constant death. The 18 and a half minute gap in the tape of a June 20 72 Conversation between Richard Nixon and Chief of Staff, HR Hall Domin was critical of the question of what Nixon knew about the American. What do you know? And what do you know? That's what they kept asking. What did the president know? And what do you know? Of course, this president, we know what he knows and nothing. Right? He knew it before. Nothing. It's strictly our revvoso time. Now, here's the full today. Going to rely on your audience. And don't tell me Johnny Carson, okay? Because there's no one he's going to be more famous now after death. Although it's kind of ironic that I had this full picked out on Friday. We did the Johnny Carson story from the inquire on Friday, and all of a sudden, oh, you did. I like that. I'm dying of a half-time. He's down. I couldn't have been an Edmund man instead, you know? It will be. You think? Who best fits this description? Some of it became more popular after death. Now, I have two on there. Jesus Christ, which says no question about that. Do he just cry during his day, so it is written, so they say. During his day, he was just one of many of these South American philosophers, preachers around around preaching, you know, to his, uh, Giskies. He had a couple of people paid too much attention until Paul came along like 90 years later. Oh, my God. He heard this, uh, very tail. I mean, story. Jesus Christ. And then, of course, Patty Klein. Right. That's a record. Huh? I got one for you. Okay. James Dean. James Dean. Oh, much more popular after he only made three freaking movies. James Dean. That was the whole mistake about him. Right. Maybe Josh has gone on for us, but I doubt it. Not up to something I had no. No. You're still upset because of the Patriots kick such bad ass, you know? Yeah, you're right about that, but I am. Why? Did you bet against him? No, no, I thought they were not fitting in horrible games, right? And you're kind of, not going to be one of those QM quizlings who get taken under the Gamber's wings and starts punching your, uh, meager salary away. You have a bookie, Josh? No, only on the Super Bowl, I bet. Yeah, and who you going to bet on the Super Bowl? Patriots are six point favorites by the way at the moment. I haven't decided. Yeah. Let me ask you, did you watch the game yesterday? I did, of course. Yeah, and what was your impression of that game? It was pathetic. Or was the number one defensive team in the league this past season? Pittsburgh Steelers, right? Yeah, team was 15 and one or one like eight million games in a row. Pittsburgh Steelers, right? What quarterback had lost the single start? Rockless, uh, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, y's, there, is. What I, I, a, a, a, oh, yeah. Your, the, a, a pretty much, a, I, and if so, you are simply just smiling together when you've had pleasure. I don't usually have three days to relax with. You're married to another day, doing it not to be much next, your older brothers, and back do you have your own knees there. But oh, yeah. And what happened to them? Well, I, hey, she would extremely suffer. I, oh, but he said, the day, hi, he would say that he is playing in a new home for Christmas, and I didn't look for a new home for Christmas, but he said to me, a, I said, a and a set you know the long talking about I do I do yeah they chose that was that wasn't close I mean one more than he was on a ground that the house of the will be reversed but this well wasn't even a contest and there's Jim that's trying to make a story there for the dealers now since that about five things during the game where I I just couldn't handle it just cringe yeah yeah because he's a jackass I think we have to take Phil Sims and Joyce pitch and they haven't both the lope on a slow boat to China so a small rickety boat when it's got a lot of holes in it there would be a sense of agreed seriously you people out there if you had any idea what's going on a qa m you think that just because we give you like a little surface uh... buys a what's going on you haven't got a clue what they're trying to do and who to screw you know i'll never forget that day that i get a call from normer can't oh well they called me this afternoon or please won't need to reconsider and please don't send those but bonus side those uh... signings back we uh... yeah right see that's what happens when you bring them to the brink and dog and hopper those both of those guys you tell listen if you don't cut the crap and get this deal the well done away you know you promised you were gonna get a done we're both going across the street it was served them right they deserve to lose in both that of course we'd really be an island but you know what what happens is and make as long as we get paid it that's what they deserve the way they treat people in this company they make like i said they make clear to and look like a like the guy that hands out candy christmas time can't be for the hands out collect any clause something like that and that that's what they make them look like the neverland that's how how evil these people are in a course in most of it is this joys brought in the bread in from Maryland who would know a radio if you step up or ass your clueless on a your clueless and you're gonna keep trying to tell yourself that the beast is what a genius you are and your national almost and the main time let me show anybody doing a hell of a job at the per professional provocative by the way not you are pathetic honey by to just crawl back in your little uh... you know your little pickup truck and drive back to Maryland where you belong and go do some more medical now practice cases and leave the radio people alone and stop bugging a poor beastly they and the problems of the run out right trying to find that banjo that a kid stole a banjo from the beastly the one he was picking up their in the tree in deliverance he had to listen yeah was missing that means you have to be the best news of the week if you're turned up missing well american this is Paul Harvey stand by for new on calling the lane jackson to florida chup you finally gave up chup enjoys marijuana so he decided to accept all her be suggestion he gave up he went to the phone a call me he ordered a bomb bomb as a pipe used to smoke marijuana torrentia here this carefully because you're thinking about a valentine state present for somebody you love very much quote my mario one of bomb arrived Saturday and after i opened the box i was in shock my eyes were locked open wide my whole house was now a concert hall i went to the washroom and even from there it sounded like a real-life lady singing right outside the door the quote with heat eating your ears you're gouging out and tearing loose and pulling apart gulping air and tasting black your windpipe is closing and you've lost track of which way is out there's a searing in the down your neck search rescue ventilate somebody's sender to kitton quote i'm listening to all my old CDs again because i have never really heard them before now for that valentine state gift it's not too early for you to choose a bomb and if you're anything but happy with it i'm buying back to locate your nearest dealer telephone one hundred that uh that long man ten thirty three twenty seventy four eleven sounds like he was just using one right there right uh anyway we need some names for this list before we get out of our like a pointed grounds here which uh map of merlin man roll there you go i mean she was popular during her life obviously but then after she died very mysteriously after the Kennedy center kill i mean she died then she really became like legendary right right i would say so who best fits this description someone who became more popular after death five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only for rise in singular wireless lines seventy two a.m. hello uh yeah i got one for the poll yes sir uh Jim Morrison from the doors excellent choice thank you thank you Jim Morrison he might still be alive though we're going to check it out we're going to France today going to be doing a remote shows the rest of the week from France and your pants Jim Morrison became huge jogging in fact he uh i he might give Jesus a run for his money ever seem to get their same person didn't you think it is later years they're when he had the whole facial thing and he looked a lot like years didn't and yeah that oh yeah and there's neat uh slippers he had the best sandals gone oh yeah double to kill him i don't know what he's holding double to kill a him hello hey how you doing today pretty good pali last time i gave you a name for your poll it was uh rubber to fall and he won okay so today almost time today i make it help us uh i you know i thought about that but you think he's more popular now than when he was alive when he he he made more money and then and more stuff since he's dead than he ever was yeah okay it's a good choice okay thanks i thought about that but then you know he had eighty million number one hits and he was extremely i mean you can get much more popular but since he dies far as making more money i would agree with that two about the current late here to enjoy not only Colonel Sanders even what was his name Tom Parker Tom Parker very good Colonel Tom Parker thank Elvis could have been a lot bigger except Colonel Tom Parker and since they be all those grades he movies he was in ooh yeah he was responsible for that every what's it a while you'll catch one of those by accident ever about three minutes and then you say oh how does anybody ever wants to do well with all these hot babes on there those pastel colors oh I so if this is a good movie then Elvis walks on but his Frankie ever on it that's what i seen WQAM hello hey yes sir the father i got one for you Bruce Lee Bruce Lee is okay Bruce Lee is very good he's big now that he's dead and what's his sons then pick it Lee Brandon Lee yeah now forget about small potatoes right yeah compared to Bruce that's a little right oh he's also died and only one of the on there no pecky Lee no pinky Lee who else no Robert E. Lee right Lee majors no Los Stan majors only Bruce Lee only one of those uh karate crub one of the martial arts and what other mar is truck Norris dead yet we can only um no yeah I know huh yeah we're working on it WQAM hello QAM you're a million here you know yesterday last night you know what movie was on man hunter we've never heard a movie before and I read the review of it when I heard it you do sure now was that was that uh the red dragon was that the movie of red dragon right red dragon soon as he said talking to doctor doctor doctor doctor i said wait a minute this is uh this is the prequel to silence at a land correct that was that was a good movie it was a good movie very good movie it was outstanding but where did i see that the fruit cake that played the where we see him before unless i already saw that movie was there a different movie called red dragon they they they remade it with rape finds the movie is kind of played the uh the illuminating the much um oh you know i yeah you know that guy creep me out and i wish i wear my scene him be from the office please that same kind of character and go jame gum but he was and they got to play doctor doctor is a Brian Cox who we uh spoken about Brian Cox oh my god my god i'm not a game playing football no more just still hangry in it okay WQAM hello I knew yes sir uh do you have so many oh sell many oh is more popular around i don't know is he really popular no we can only pray we can only hope for the best for for us very jackass rights local shows in jeopardy oh my god and now it's perfect don't even know about it even at jerkeh one all that money on their horses name that there was on eight million chosen wrote everybody hated oh ten gennings ten genny the market sports talk radio landscape appears on the they see this is the kind of crap they write about in your like weekly reading your profile you'll yorkled papers there as if anybody listens to that station which they don't the markets sports talk radio landscape appears on the verge of another shake up 1400 the fan the least popular sunflower the three-year sports stations could eliminate most of all local programming because of financing issues is early as this week right's very rhymes with Mary Carl Foster no relation to butt foster who's listening wfl a m signal from James crystal ink has been speaking with investors but mispride his payment deadline is uncertain if you'll have funding in place by today when ownership wants it resolved acts to the station will have local programming today foster said as of now i can't say or no even if i secure funding i might not go with as much local programming so this uh see this is all these people alone are placed for it's all these little people at our sports nerds and one of the i'm gonna do my own sports station that that's how 40 sports stations local programming on 14 of the fan includes foster and anita marks seven a ten a m Gary Furman and mark bidnarchic ten a m denoun Frank fort and Bruce water three to six in frank eight is good when it not a got the mull taken off an alternating host including ex-dolphin Jim kicks six to eight p.m. the station carries Jim wrong national show noon to three and fox sports programming overnight let me take a look at the ratings okay okay okay well get them and get all right just hold your horses man let's see if i in men 2554 they showed up let's work at midday wfl l i am thinking anybody knows what those scholars are do i'd have heard of it used to mean the light bulb fourteen hundred i'm looking i'm looking i'm looking there's waxy with their one point uh oh not too good not too good waxy they got Joe roden that's all they got so far joys don't be sent anybody also but in a stick it down our throats okay you miserable hateful saw you let's see i'm looking wfl l i don't i don't see a whimmer i don't see a number i don't see uh anything even w nma mr ego stations got a point uh well they got a zero but they got a few people nothing w f t l i'd say fifty at a zero point three but that's bill roly i forgot to mention that a Friday when ratings came out bill roly and his midday on the f t uh they went from a point two a point three they're moving man he's making a big impact in a market another will fear him Steve lap a general manager of James crypto said he likely will stick with fox sports radio nanzial program for least couple months even if fosters least is not renewed i like bananas foster myself wf l which went on a year may third has been heard by signal problems in parts of the county and i got like five watts and if you like sitting right on their tower maybe you can hear it in the daytime even then at night you can't hear it right next to the tower very hurt by uh allows you signal and they did competition from seven ninety s p n radio which they've used September 1st and w q a m a like we're an afterthought he's he's got his head so far up seven ninety's asked because they're the Harold's partner now their partners you know like highman Roth the s p n seven ninety continues to move toward agreement with the dolphins rights and means in discussions with q m host Jim Mendech about a one to four p m show i'm going to tell you we lose the mad dog in the home for joys and you're going to have to answer for it okay you're going to have to answer for uh sentino right says absolutely correct today goes very take your silly ass of the little column your brown paper bag lunch and stick them both up your ass very you little you quiz when you you little simple then you little pudgy piece of turd that's very jackass if they're working for a perfect newspaper to for him you Andy Craig please Cercielli. What's in a repurchase? It's a regards to me being... Cercielli. Hey. Here's Chevy 2. No, I'm not. This is way together. Max, I'm busy being shamed. Why don't you call back after hours? Two, one, second. Here's a... No, I'm not. Who's this? Cercielli. Stop calling me. Cercielli. Cercielli. Stop calling me. Cercielli. Cercielli. Cercielli. Cercielli. Hey, hey listen girl. I'm so... Cercielli. Are you called Jenny? Hey, are you? Are you called Jenny? I was just telling you about those TV spies. You haven't seen me. No, no. You only weighs like 700 pounds. Soking wed. 16, before 11 and 5 and 60, WQM. January 24th, that's today. Is called the worst day of the year. And a wonder about these people starting off their feet today. So why is it the worst day of the year? is the midwinter weather wearing new down? See this is not a war here it would be a brother. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, nice xp, fantastic xp, Yeah Terracon, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, aw, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, So, and of course, Ben Affleck Center again too. Don't the two of them ever do anything like a without the other one? And I do that. I think they got a bit. I think they got side by side commodes those two. Everything they do they're like doing it together. They're pretty tight. Anyway, this equation is broken down in a several seven variables. Whether, debt, monthly salary, time since Christmas, time since field, quit attempt, low motivational levels, and the need to take action. Our NLFWD is technically a longer activity, December 21. Cyclonic weather systems take hold in January bringing low dark clouds to Britain. See this is a brick thing. Meanwhile, the majority of people break their healthy resolution, 6 to 7 days in the New Year, and even the hangers on a fallen off the wagon, tore off the nicotine patches, and eaten the frig empty by the third week. Any residual drugs of holidays year in family fun to pick the bucket by January 24. Following the initial thrill of New Year celebrations and changing over New Leaf, reality starts to sink in, and I'll say, the realization coincides with the dark clouds rolling in, and the opportunity to pay off Christmas credit card bills. The formula was devised out of a travel company, analyzed when people will call it days and held a trends. It seems that people are most likely to buy a ticket to paradise when they feel like hell. To paradise. To paradise. Stay with Mo and Mrs. Well, you think, and the Muscran. Today, you're almost the abrit thing because in South Florida, it's not sleeping and snowing and freezing. Oh, it is a cold for there. Right? Right. I'm really going to cry for you. You know? Yeah. I've turned a little heater out in the bad. There's race little. Are you still doing the in your act? Yeah. You like that? Oh. There's a cold going of paradise. Pretty cool. Let's say do John. He said, she, that's great and all. I just wondered if, you know, they forgotten who I was. That was almost like hearing the real Johnny. Wasn't it? No. No. It was almost like hearing Rich Little doing the real Johnny. 10 48. It's 5. 60 WDQA. I'm a dark Paul. It's been cast over the whole QM proceedings. It's spite of our 10 no matter what we do, no matter how well we do, no matter how much the audience loves us. We just can't, we can't get our heads above water because of this outfit, man. Because of this company. They just, they just absolutely refuse to treat people like human being. They don't have to do it. They don't have an item. They got a brawl beat, they got a abuse, they got to play games, they got to play these legal games, they got to lie. They can't treat people like human beings. Remember the human beings nobody but me? Yes. Anyway, here's the deal. Who guys fits this description? Someone who became more popular after death. Jesus 54. James D. N. Elvis 4. Dear Morrison 3. Merlin Monroe 3. Bruce Lee's got a pair. And patchy clients got two out of 76. That's too many people probably remember patchy client. What were here, guys? No, no, no, no. Walk it after midnight. All right. And what was the other ones? She had a couple of big heads. I'm not going to look it up, it's not worth. Oh, a country music was on deck at record, remember that. Used to play that as a disc jerky in my youth 100 years ago. Walk an after midnight and see another one too. Patchy client, somebody will call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 under Verizon, singular wireless line. WDQ, weigh in. Hello. Yeah, I miss you. Can you help me? Speaking. I knew I'd go one for the poor. Uh, Vincent Van Gogh. Vincent Van Gogh is much more popular now. Right. Better believe it. Thank you very much. With it would not be your thanks a lot. Sweet dreams. Crazy. No, not sweet dream. That was the answer. Well, what is it? Crazy. Crazy was big. That was patchy client. Crazy. I found the pieces. I followed a piece. Yeah. So wrong. Now strange. Oh, yeah, she was. That can baby's arms. Too little. Look a little die key to me. I don't know. Back in the day, you would never talk about such things. I'll be kind of you. Oh, really? They did love. Yeah. Why can't he be you? Yeah. You're stronger than me. I know that. Leave it on your mind. That's it. That's it. That's it. I followed pieces. Walk an afternoon night. And what was the craziest? It was really, really crazy. Crazy was big. Crazy. Crazy. Q AM. WQ AM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. I'm going to see you. Come on, stop. We've been. But it's a graph. Yeah. I'm going to the list. I almost said thank you and Russian actually. Don't say that on you. I think that's what you've got. Listen, I got one for the list. I'm a Brit actually. And hopefully. Hopefully, love people enjoy it. It's Alfred Hitchcock. You really think so. I heard Panty Klein, distantly in the background there. Let's put that in. That's not my answer. Say the same. That. It was on. Simply. Oh, you're sampling from Amazon. Panty Klein. Alfred Hitchcock. I guess so. He became very popular after. Yeah. If you don't like him, maybe Copernicus. Okay, especially with the church. Yeah. Okay, thanks. All right. Put about on there Copernicus. If you can spell a Josh, I want to see what he spells this. Who do you want to know being a good Catholic boy that you are? Just like a tell. Right. Copernicus. And Alfred Hitchcock. What a talk of. Well. Oh, love me. It's funny. It's funny. You. She had that kind of geoshock. Sure. Like that. Did you? Yeah. Kind of like Eric Weed that is the heat games on TV. Like Michael when they when the closky broke his child. They're. Yeah. Personal right. Business. 1051 five. See, and then he kept drooling all through the rest of the. And all three movies. He's kept drooling all in. What was quite a punch he took there. He's sure they didn't. Told him off straight. WDQAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I got one out of really want to. I don't have to go on. Right. We'll see. No, you don't have to. I got one for the list. It's a famous famous, but not popular. Nicole Simpson. Oh, absolutely. Someone said we didn't say celebrity. Somebody came in and I'm very good. One, thank you. That's a good choice. When you agree? Absolutely. I mean, who'd have really ever heard or Nicole? I mean, you're other than like people that were like on a West Coast. Right. And knew about that whole thing out there. I mean, we could take a bit further and say, Lacey Peterson. No, whoever heard of her. Um, no. All right. The different, I don't think so. I don't know what I'm thinking about. I don't want to. I don't want to. I would put that in the same category with Ron and Nicole. Okay. But we could put Ron Goldman on there because we don't want to get Fred Goldman pissed off because then he'll start popping up on TV all over the place. And we've seen that after that handlebar mustache, nobody does one out 100 years ago with knickers. But, you know, I don't want to sound disrespectful. But I think that the goal is in a different category when you, it was the way. Yeah. It was her. I mean, he was just a pain in the ass by state. It was her body in the wrong place at the wrong time. Damn. I hate when it happens. It's so that he obviously. WQM, line nine. Hello. I just touched it. Hello. WQM. Hello. I enjoyed the news. I enjoyed the news. Okay. Great. WQM. Hello. Yeah. I guess some for the poll. Okay. What you got? Kurt Cobain. Kurt Cobain. No doubt about it. Thanks a lot, pal. No problem. Okay. Kurt Cobain. Okay. You don't think so. I mean, that didn't mean so. Whatever. They were huge when they were alive and they were alive. And I thought I'd agree. Never watched his hair all seem to have a hair Cobain. His name was Kurt. Now he's pushing up dirt. Cobain. I think the dog done to myself. His black thing drew from his chin. Courtney Gillen, arrow win, Cobain. No, but it was hot. And now it's Kurt. They ain't got Cobain. He got hot, said goodbye, then he died. Cobain. He died. I'm dying of hair. He made a man and power never took a shower. Cobain. He's a number one hit in heaven. Big mosh pit. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge with my fame. Cobain. No, with your fill without don't take Kurt's way out. Cobain. He got hot, said goodbye, then he died. Why do we go toward a soundwriter with Paulagers for picking a landed beef of up yesterday? I can't tell you how sick Michael Hick must have looked in that game because I didn't see it. Because the power was out. I heard some of it on the radio. Oh, you didn't see it at all. It was great to see one second of it. You know when fans run out on the field and they don't show that when they fan runs out and they tackle them. They actually showed it yesterday. It was great. That's part of the game. That was the highlight of the game. Well, that was infully what he expected. The worst fans in the world, the most up in the box, they make the Yankee fans seem like churchgoers. Like a bunch of parishioners. That's what a bunch of roudy up in the box just disgusting. That's why it'll be extra sweet when a Patriots kick for these ass and the Super Bowl in Jacksonville in two weeks. Even though you don't, you're still not fully. That's the thing that just amazing me. And they were talking about that was watching WSBK last night. The post game festivities for one on for hours in Boston. And they kept talking about that. The fact that nobody believes and they don't really care. You know, Rodney Harrison was talking about that. They all every week. They have to prove themselves again and nobody buys it. And they're always, you know, nobody believes they're going to beat these so-called good teams. The great team do you or any week they kicked their ass. No, I mean, I told you, I mean, I realized they couldn't beat a team as good as the dolphins. But that was just an aberration. You told me what? I told you on Friday I thought they would win. Yeah, but in that this morning you're like apologizing for like, He hadn't picked that out of that good. What do you mean? Well, you said before you're like a little bit depressive. I'm the fact they kicked Pittsburgh's ass so bad. Well, I wanted Pittsburgh to win. I didn't think that's why they didn't. Wait, why would you want Pittsburgh to win? What is that all about? I'm a little tired of the Patriots winning. Ah, you see, this is a typical software to mentality. It's not important that the dolphins win, but that the Patriots lose or that the Jets lose. See, we know the dolphins suck that they're an embarrassment. That Wayne is, you know, started with a brainstem in Jimmy Johnson. But he's the, the whole organization no matter what he calls the stadium, it's dissolved into crap, okay? It's dissolved into something that you ought to pay you to go watch. And so that's why we're not getting anybody caught and saying, and we're finally going to get rid of that one paper guy that knew when Paul we finally lost him. But other than that, it's like, although it wasn't even an e-game yesterday, it would mean the game happened. Not that we're doing a sports show, but it wouldn't be something for somebody to find the admit. But, you know, what you're right about the Brady and Venetary and Bruce Key and the whole team, and then beyond branching and everybody on that team. And Corey Dylan, who didn't have much of a first half, and then exploded when it really caught in the second half, I feel like that touchdown run, huh? Impressive is what I thought. But you don't want to say anything about it, because you thought you were rooting for Pittsburgh. That's enough to really, I don't understand it. What do you mean? I mean, they've wanted to be the last three years. I'd like to see somebody else. Well, it's wrong with having a dynasty. What's wrong with it being a really great team that goes out there and like just kicks ass. They just put out a phenomenal performance. That's wrong with it, but it's easy. What would you want to see this student? Why would you want to see a guy like Bill Cower who behaves like a crazy man who belongs in a straight jacket? Why would you want to see him win anything? Why is that? He needs help. He needs emotional. There are times that they show him on a sideline. He looks like Dr. Elector on a bed. He's like the District of Weber Ballon's mouth. And put him in restraints. Judging at John. And he's there's something definitely wrong with that guy. And I'm, I, everybody, are talking to him, reasonably. I won't argue. Nice caller by the way on fourth and goal from a yard and a half out for the field goal. Now, what a chicken Schmidt will that was, huh? I feel I'm angry with it. I'll play crushed and destroyed. You're listening to a new Roger. I'm looking for a car on 566. A Q A M. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. What the fuck? Any questions? Don't want to hold me. You need some tip on putting your crib. This is the end of the hood and garden channel. Each week, ice tea trays in is not nine for a nail gun. We're not as a crack-out. Knee you. That's right. Boots are the crack holes out. He'll get busy with this old his out. Thursday night today. I'll show you how to cut from the dime a kitchen. Put cooking up some crack and create a cup of liver wounds. It's core. Chub's purpose. We're cracking a couple of quarters with your potty. And then you know his bitches over the cup. So join ice. Each week, if he fires up his bulls, it's this old his ass. This old his ass. This on the end of the hood and garden channel. Be up for the 136 votes on a poll so far. Who best fits this description? Someone who became more popular after death. Jesus is untouchable here. I think. Jesus is as 81. When you agree? Yes. What about some of these other religious figures? Right. Boota. Abraham. Mohammed. Solomon. Abraham. I'll get a put of all of there. No. I'll just go. Okay. This relax. Okay. I want to get to that story about the survey finds church going Americans. Less tolerant. Is that's a shock? Elvester teen James Dean 13. Same person. Merlin Monroe seven. Vincent Van Gogh five. Nicole Simpson four. Jim Morrison four. Kurt Cobain three. Bruce Lee is got three. Patsy Klein two. She's still walking after midnight though. I'm always walking. I have to. He is pretty weak. Perfect. It says one and after it hits cock don't have any. I'm almost into to play the thing from Alfred and it's quite sure if I can find it again. Don't start playing those things again. What are it? What about? Yeah. I tested you. That's just a story off until you get the L.M.Q. I. And all those terrible stories that only anchors is like tipping headwinds about what he was like. He was ponding all over the minute. They're all true. Yeah. Well, it's wrong with that. I'd paw all over. Tippy. You tip you all over a headwinds. Right over. Five. That's for the birds. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon and singular wireless lines. That are really. This is the most depressing video in Britain but we're not in Britain. Okay. And it's going to be all the way up to a toasty minus five Celsius. Here's what's not to like. Well, I'm going to tell you. Well, what a unprofessional state for the. A power to go out all over the city. Yes, they man. Twelve hours. I think I'll assume somebody. Don't you? Yeah. Go for it. Just for the helmet. Do you have any Q.A.M. Hello? Yeah. I get a suggestion. Okay. Friday Mercury is excellent. Is that right? Right. I think that's a good one. Hey, you're from Michigan. Are you from Michigan? Am I from Michigan? I know that I live in Michigan for 12 years. Yes. From all pathologists curious. Just wondering. What does it have to do with Michigan? I don't know. I like Cleveland. I'm a Cleveland boy. I don't know. Oh, you like Cleveland. My god. That's a horrible thought. That's a brown. That would be like, you know, I was a brown span all my life until until I came to Florida. Oh, well, and we had to build out. How do you figure that one? How do you click to anything? Because you used to have the real browns to until our model. That's the right one. We had to go inside. You should have those neat uniforms. Well, where did those one and that one game they played, which game was that? Where did it had those really freaky uniforms? Oh, yeah. All orange. Wow. Yeah. It was pretty ugly. I'll see you in the limo, okay? Yeah. Ready, Mercury. Good luck. Thanks, man. Pretty Mercury, got it. Very popular during life, but certainly every sporting event you go to now right? Yeah. But the weird champions. We, yeah. Going on long before I died, but it's going on now. Or it's this. Speaking of Peter's file, Peter. You still got that Peter Folly. You got another one? Yes. That's the animal lover's in Peter. That's a gop boy. If I ever hear this again, it will be too soon. So, I'm going to, I'm going to say we're going to avoid the pain and punishment. That's a good choice, pretty Mercury, I think. You know? No. But what about, uh, I got one for you. Frankie Lyman. Get it on there. So, yeah, be it into the punch. Frankie Lyman. What's up? I'm sorry. What's for Frankie Lyman on every pool? No matter what it is, right? I think that's a good idea. This could pacify that one guy. He's got another hot of the free. Why do fools fall in love? That was a mentally of his a smash. He was big. WCUA and hello. Hey. How you doing, no? Pretty good, pal. Before we got another poll, uh, with a suggestion. I just got to say something that irritates the crap out of me. That can't be. You're out of the show. Yeah. What is with George Corso in that, in that Dan, E.A.N.S. test? Oh, they're still doing that in the middle of the show. Yeah, they just did it just in front of your stop set. Really? Yeah. You'd know sweet for no reach. I came up in the middle of the first spot. Well, that's because he's an idiot. What do you expect? Can't complain about our engineering because we don't have any. That's why our fast machine is still screwed up from Friday. We just got a bunch of losers who will hang around and complain about their overwork. They don't want to do anything. A bunch of fakers. Right. That's right. That's the beastly effin' away. Man, you oughta know that. Well, and I'm also, uh, inquisitive to what happened to screw in, where did she go? Well, man, well, we'll see her and I'm more fired at it. She got the Donald Trump treatment man. Fire did it. Why did she get fired at it? I don't know. Maybe they found her pick, they collection the picture she was hiding, and they won't say had them, they need her anymore. Oh, those pictures don't do that. I think it's nothing, man. This new sales guy. I don't think I, I don't know if I'm mad about that, but he's showing too much of a job. We don't have any spots. We have no spots on the law, man. We got all these gigantic, we got an 87 share. We got everybody in Thomas and they can sell it. And my friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza offices and our sales department's jerk in him around and trying to charge him $8,000 a spot. Because he's, that's the way we're doing. You see if you're a regular. I'm not Jewish. You have to crap on the regular customer set. Right. Anybody who's a fucking old-fashioned, they treat our clients the same way they treat the talent. Crap all over a man, abuse him and they use him and lose him. That's what they're going to do. They're going to lose mad dog and then probably going to lose the hump or two if they don't cut this crap. That choice. Listen, you think you have some idea based on what I'm talking on the year. You haven't got a clue. What's going on in this joint? I can only imagine. You know, when a general manager shakes your agents' hand and says, oh, we got a deal. And then you find out that nobody else in the company knows anything about it. There is no contract and there is no check and there is no nothing. All of a sudden you have to raise for what I was going to want to fuck a bunch of crazy people I'm working for. You got to remember he's been in town for 19 years and for 19 years it's been nonstop. It's the same thing. Right. You know, he just he doesn't know what he's doing from when they're the third day. Yeah, at least he's consistent. Who's that well? That's all. That's true. All right. I have one for your poll. Yes, sir. It's wishful thinking. Very king. Oh, please. Okay. I'm holding my crossing my legs for that. I'll be the Larry King store and we'll do the same thing in for Johnny. Yeah. And for podcasts, you're fat. So what's the weather up there today? Okay. Thanks a lot, Tom. Get out of the business before it's too late. There's our PD friend from over there at the light one. Oh, well, whatever. It's great radio. Yeah. Now, I'll put a light and I see Josh. He's going to put Larry King on there. It's not dead yet. Really? I know it's not easy to tell. He's serving as suspended sentence, but whatever. Wow. Survey finds church going American. And one other thing too, that business about on Friday when the ratings were coming in Atlanta and you tell me, Greg comes in and wants to make sure I know he's a congratulations on a great book. If he would have been over and farted right in your face, that would have had a greater impact. That would have found that at least amusing. It would have had some impact on me, you know? And I have to do that. Yeah. Oh, that's really. What does that mean? I'm supposed to be impressed by that after all the screwing around and the lies and the crap and the kind of insanity that goes on in this company. That's just, that's become so much worse the last few months. It's like, it's like these people have just got all the, you know, it's one thing to have a screw loose. It's all the screws just came on, then, you know? It's like all of a sudden you go out to your car. You start the engine like everything just falls apart in like little pieces on the ground. And that's what's happening to QAmen's spite of our big numbers. We're doing it in spite of these people, folks. Just astonishing. It's the only radio station I can think of in America. It's got a line up on here. It's not the one that they want. They got the people on there. They don't want on here at all. They got them on in a wrong time. It's just amazing. Astronaution. And then we keep hearing that Mad Dog's got a deal. Oh, if you see, it doesn't hang head and deal. Oh, not yet. Get it done already and stop the procrastination, stop driving everybody crazy. That's my suggestion, the okay. Grants sell some spots. Go make some money. Go sell those big numbers. We just put out the, put, put the girl out there in a street corner. What a, what a 10, 10 tough. A dollar a hour. What would give you a spot? Don't you think that's a good idea? But we have a lot of plastic cups in here already. Whatever, they're pretty shaped. Plastic cups. Same thing we got. Some of those baseball caps. Just go back to your car like those homeless voice people do. No. And don't give me started a man. Please. They just called her. Anyway, Sean Kanani. He's a, maybe he could be dry. He could be doing shotgun with the Joyce. Sean Kanani, excuse me. Who's full of the loy. Yes. Remember what they said? Huh? As a Jesse is. And you remember what they said in the guy from? I think they got. They think they know. Which almost runs. Not quite. Sir may find church going Americans less tolerant. Let's do that story after the break. I got a few big time stories here. A little mixed and match. A little something for everybody today. Including our sales department. I got some for them. It's called my foot up their ass. What it is. If I sound a little bit wild today, it is be every hearing that the whole thing with Hank. That's just sent me off. I was in such a good mood even in spite of that horrible day with a power out yesterday. Kill about an hour and a half of that time with a power down. Have it a great dinner at Ruth Chris. And the Hilton Hotel in Toronto. The best Ruth Chris of mall is this one. Now you'll say well why is that? Well I told you I didn't want to say anything but when I was down there that week, that awful week. A bunch of us went to Ruth Chris because I thought I was doing something nice for everybody. It was like disappointing. And even though the very isolated call the next day called the house, oh thanks very much for coming by. I was nice to see you. But it was week. How's that possible? I don't know. Opti. No. Because if Beast. I remember Josh when George was on vacation. I was going to Beast crap because he said he went to the one of the crowd of the Ables and it was a disappointing. Yeah. I thought I was right to the Beast because I don't know. Maybe since Ruth died, which is not long ago. Maybe your things are going to hell on a handbasque. But the one up here is just the brother. That French onion soup and they bake it in the oven so it's just almost burns on top. You know what I mean? So the cheese is really crisp. And then they rip by. Just cooked exactly the way you want it. And just without the butter by the way my case. And you're juicy and tender and just enough clatter around the edges to make it so tasty. If you just almost spazz out on the table. It was great. But sure, glad we got food on the way. What do you got? AC subs. On the next set he said. On the next set he said he's coming today where our used to make the difference in how the guy's name is Jason. And thanks again today. Thanks. That text makes. Whatever that place was on Friday. He wanted to text he company. He wanted to text he because George and Josh are very good about it. He said not only was the price right but the food was sensational. They fed the whole building and everybody loved it. Great. See the head then there's a smart guy. He knows he's going to get a little plug on the air. He comes by brings it to food. That's a smart guy. Forty-four hundred. It's out the university drive in Davy. See an area well. Now if Jeff Cohen would do then instead of belly aching about to affect the sales department keep screwing them over if he'd bring you buy some food. Or we get more we'll get again. That's the pizza law in Davy. What? Any time we want to set. I'm university drive between 5.95 and Griffin Road and Davy. One of my final longstanding sponsors that are sales department's trying to destroy trying to put him out of business because he's Jewish. Armstrong Ford vice president general manager David Rich called last week. I was at two weeks ago now and said that he's overstocked with mustons. I think it was week before last bad boy. I don't mean you David. I mean Jeff high. He said Armstrong Ford will block these new 2005 six-order mustons for a little 17,900 bus which saves you over 3,500 dollars. That's what Bill Collem used to say dollars. You want to know why? He's from a Pittsburgh Western PA. Goalers. They say dollars. Plus at Armstrong Ford they have a couple of 2,000 for models left and get this. They'll let them go for just 12,499 original MSRP on these was 18,60 which means you save over 5,600 bucks. Great deals plus is always Armstrong Ford includes terrorism batteries for life for these vehicles you buy. Great prices added value for the service that's the Armstrong difference. So when you're ready for a new vehicle come to the leader that treats you just like family Armstrong Ford home-stead. Southwest 307 Street US 1,x8 Campbell driver off the turn by the leave you me. It's well worth a drive a few extra miles because we're going to save you thousands of dollars. Price is included. Larry Mcinea饒,musicEsvert, UK transport worker president, Tech, council clerk, So he's showing Tom's right to put on his care tag� manufactured rollercoach. He's there. That's a niceколmyeong station on my weekend 17th century folks. Captain Propag orada arrogance, tech campaign's Oh, the bride! Oh, the bride! Oh, the bride! Oh, the bride! No one here has gotten in the star. Jesus, you and all that, go ahead and see the two of them, right? What the hell! Who the hell is this? Jesus, you and all that, come, three, Jesus may be the best, see the two of them. Jesus may spend all the fun, see the three. Jesus, you and all that, Jesus may be the best, see the two of them. God, here's what the Spirit is saying, No one here has gotten in the star. Jesus may have gotten in the star. Oh, the bride! Oh, the bride! Oh, the bride! When the 17th of the 560, WCWM, Hey, let's do this all day. It's not an enjoyable day. Come out, Jesus, the bride! You and the 17th of the 560, come out, the star. They will be here. Daddy! Nothing so. Survey finds church going Americans' last tolerant. Church going Americans have run increasingly intolerant in the past for years of politicians making compromises on such hot issues. As a abortion and gay rights, a quarter of survey release on Saturday, no forget religion without a scapegoat, worth a damn. At the same time, those polls said that we're going bolder about pushing their beliefs on others, even if the risk of offending someone. They're becoming more far-business than Chinese say. The trans-good indicate that religions become more prominent in American discourse, more salient, according to Ruth Wooden, President of Public Agenda, non-partisan research organization, which released a survey. Speaking of organization, Terrelindan says, looks like two seasons would know hockey, but nevertheless. Also, I got a very disturbing call from a rumor last night in the middle of the Patriots game. Don't call me when the Patriots are playing Remember, you maniac, you idiot. It can also indicate more polarized political thinking. They're not seem to be very many voices arguing for compromise that they should send in. If you, it could be that more religious voices be longer siege, pinned against the wall by cultural developments. They may feel more emboldened as resolved. The November US election saw voters in a number of states back game-marriage bands, and President Bush, one of the election-collectives, who have a support from fellow religious, far-business and conservatives. Those surveyed were nearly all Christians, not by design, but because the sample reflected the makeup of the population in groups said, a 2002 Pew Research Council survey found that 82% of the US populists considered itself to be Christian, while 10% identified with no religious group. On the question of whether elected officials sunset their conviction decided to get results in government, 84% agreed in 2000, however, four years later, that had dropped to 74%. It was a sharper decline on the same question, among weekly churchgoers, from 82% of the first survey to 63% of the second. About 40% of Americans claimed to be weekly churchgoers, according to Corwin Smith, SMIDT, Schmidt, director of the Henry Institute for the State of Christianity and politics of Calvin College in Meshigan, some surveys of place to figure it's 25%. Weekly churchgoers. In other words, they talk of the game, but on the day day, they show up now, hell no. They're busy drinking, screwing, doing drugs, stealing, right? Judging it. In the survey, 32% of those who attended church once a week, said they were willing to be compromised on abortion issues. How does goes out with numbers and numbers? The poll also found that 37% overall felt that deeply religious people should be careful not to offend anyone, where they spread the word of God, the client from 46% for years earlier. Only 37% and there were 73% see what I'm saying? The word of God. Number of those who felt that committed faith, politicians, spread the word whenever they can, rose to 41% of six points. They've become a more militant, more obnoxious, more making you an offer you can't refuse more inquisitive as in Spanish. On another issue, the survey found little change in the opinion of whether the US political system can handle greater interaction between religion and politics. As if there was a threat. If religious leaders and groups got a lot more involved in politics, 63% in 2000 and 61% in 2004, said the system could easily handle it. All right. But to remain there continually, the system would be threatened. I guess that's the 20 of us who are a fifth and third of the perhaps a people trying to beat you over the head with their bull crap religion, but they're superstition and phony, will only garbage. They're holding you then out of crap. All these on the left, they're in U.R. hypocrites, phonys like R.L.R. and Aslim, Biden, Biden, Bill, Bennett, and all these other phony and Asis and your president of course. Well, he just Abu Ghara rapes his dumb. W.K.A.M. Hello. They caught my check. W.K.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, I just had a, for the pull. I had a person for the pull. Okay, we're going to head. John Holmes is much bigger than that. Wow, I don't know if I'm about bigger than that. Which rice palies stay away from him by the way. Oh, definitely. Thanks a lot. Alright. So if I'm that body man, it's still got problems. Right. John Holmes and unliving legend. How much Sherlock Holmes? Just a joke. I thought he would make Sherlock Holmes on it. We're name no such guy. Although he was so often Conan Doyle certainly much more popular after it. But how much of those authors? How much Shakespeare, William Shakespeare? Right? Not even a contest, though. I think that's the winner. Marginal during his lifetime. Right. In fact, a lot of people aren't even sure if he wrote all that soil. I mean, all those great employees. It was not Francis Bacon. It was Kevin Bacon. Six degrees. Those on guiding light. He's still played. He was a son of a little short nurse that came up about your hip. Sarah McIntyre. But what? Now see what I mean about my mind? That woman, she's probably dead by now. She hasn't been on that show at all. I don't even watch this show much anymore. Except it's before passions here. But she was a character when I show like 100 years ago. And I just, you just make some moments to Kevin Bacon. A right away, there is her name. Just like that. Right in my mind. I kind of get rid of these things. I have to clean the way for like important stuff. I don't know what that might be, but anything. Yeah. I don't hurt. My mind is cutted with crap. My brain is just filled with soil. All those soil that I like, because nobody else knows about. Except that one guy would have floated a venable junior. He's giving me that. That one's great. W.K.A.M. Hello. Yeah. I bought a soup bottle. Two podcasts a good one. He's a big now. He's huge. Yeah. He's huge. But almost. Let me ask you. It's Chris boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. Under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. There isn't anybody else there for Michigan. Has any idea what I just said? Or maybe Dick Fineberg might be listening to Pomp and O'Park. He ain't got much to do right at this moment. I don't mind either 11, 23 in the morning. I should. I'll go in probably get ready to put in him slots. Now, see what I want is I want my own machine with that money. Yeah. Yeah. We'll lose. We'll afford to find out our machine. That there's nothing but spin and pay jackpots over and over again. And fat rich in all the plant. Come to QAM, hello. Yes. nomination for the poll. Yes sir. Go ahead and head. Bobby Darren. Bobby Darren is a perfect choice. And you put him on there. Oh, oh, oh. I can. Bobby Darren. You can't have the honor tonight. Just for fun. Back to nice. Right. I'm going to head it from this show. Back to life. Be on the sea. Dream lover. That was my favorite. And so I was a great song. And what did I say? So I was also in a lot of those cornball horrible movies. You know, like Connie Francis and a methamic cello and Fabian and what's the name of say just set me for Frankie Avalon. No, Elvis was not in those movies. He was in his own bad movies. Who have you QAM? Hello. No. Yes sir. Have you watched the game show network? Occasionally. I was watching. You're going to get a kick out of this. They got new show. You know, a poker royale. Yeah. You're never gets to the host was. Eugene Rayburn. No better. Tom Ractis. Tom don't like it. Tom. Tom. Tom. Tom. Unbelievable. Is he still that same black leather jacket? The same jacket. Yeah. The guy said, could you take it off as Melville of that? Characan or four million? Okay. Thanks for the big hand. That's a good place for him. I'm a game show channel of playing poker. That Bobby Darren do is split splashed. Yeah. I've got records by the way. White and yellow label. I do that strictly for Book of Brian because he's very impressed with my another piece of crap. Frankie Lyman. Why do fools fall in love? I don't know what the label was. I put my mind. It was an orange label. The record. See back in the day, all you punk saw there. We used to buy records. You know, 45s. Before to wear anything like CDs. We're even cassettes. Records. 45s. They even still sell 45s. I don't know about 45s. They sell record. Well, I know that. I'm talking about 45s. I don't know. I mean, use it. Obviously, it's far as pretty well. They don't know what they don't know. They don't know what they could. Single is out. Or 45 now. They put them all on CD. It was an orange label. Why the fool's won't love them. Also in the Still Tonight by the five sentence was on an orange label as well. How about it? Look it up, huh? Go ahead. I'll play some Bobby Darren Roy. No. I don't have to play it. Well, we can do this. Yeah. Let's hear it. Here. I think it's pretty impressive. Let's leave. Bobby Darren. You're on the same. Where'd you get that? Amazon. Oh, sir. Oh, this is a new thing. We got now. We can come up with a new artist. It's not new, right? Yeah. What would you ever want to be full? It's just a new idea. If they let you preview everything they have on there. So you can just click on it here a few seconds. Right. Well, what about the Frankie Lime and why do fools fall in love? They got that. Frankie Lime. There's a lot of people in the world. And why do fools fall in love with it? They got that. Frankie Lime. There's the Arthur Lime and group yellow bird. Oh, that was a turd. Frankie Lime and the teenage is what's the label? It was on. It doesn't say what label it was on. Are you kidding me? Oh, here it is. It was on. Gee. That's right. Gee. Or is that a Gee? Like a doctor. Rackens would say. Don't eat to Gee. Gee. You got Frankie Lime? Oh, I'm not. I'm getting it. You better get it. I'm asking. You're asking. You got it? Get it. Wait a minute. I mean, you don't have to look. You're going to be between his hits because you only had one. No, but you got to find the right place where it's got the, the sample screen. Right. And I found it. See, how would it let me come up here and mess with my computer. I could like, played it here, but I don't want to make it. You made the right choice. Yeah. I also. Buffering. It's buffering and we're suffering. Well, I'll tell you about it. Give me during the break. Can we do the break? All right. And then when we come back to that kind of fact, that guy might want to get out a couple of towels because we're going to play a little Frankie Lime in the teenage. Well, where did this come from? What is this all about? How do we follow it? Oh, it's because we're doing who fits the description. Someone became more popular after that. Well, Frankie Lime and definitely is in a category. I got another one for you. Even much better. You'll agree with this big time. Buddy Holly. Oh, absolutely. Is that a winner or one? Like the perfect answer. At least that we tardoguy to play him in the movie that grilled geeky actor Gary Bucy. Gary Bucy, even the name just whoo. Gary Bucy, right? You see? And there used to be a harness racing driver in the in the York and his last, his name was Marcel and the last name was PUSY PUSY. Which is the name. 28 past 11 at 5.60 WDQM. The main man, Anthony Kelly and Odessa Fins capital mortgage says it's time for a new year's resolutions like most Americans paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pouring out cash and visiting in real estate, arts at top of your list. Sound floor is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. So why keep so much equity in your house to pay high interest rates? The main man's new year's resolutions to give back to the community and this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track-recated 25 years of helping over 5,000 views in the budget children each year. Acceptance capital is donating the portion of all commissions on every closed loan this great cost. And if you're on the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations too. The main man, call him Anthony Kelly and Odessa, 888-483 loan. That's one trivally for a three loan or go to the mainman.com and follow our application right online. Here's the number one more once one trivally for a three L-O-A-N. You are the same as me, you are the new Rogers. It's crucially on five six six. You are the same. Look at them now Royal families and families. Where they say, boy, driving their prints every year. The main difference is that they feel about the way he would dress and if they are so enough, they will be the same. So let's take a look at the next one. So let's take a look at the next one. Don't forget to brush their mostly on Nazi light. If it's 1132 or in his case Nazi heavy, 20-till noon and 5-60 WCM. Who best fish this? Are we got the Fraghi Lime here? Oh no, I have it. Wait a minute. When you put it up. Time, do you say pot? Fraghi Lime and done from some bad pot. Oh, that's low. Maybe dad like Elvis sitting on the pot. There you go. Where is it? Why does it do this? It keeps buffering every single time. Maybe he's prepared it. Yeah, that's enough. I started to say before we had a Fraghi Lime and it would pass to by that crazy person out there in Radio Land. Do you realize, let's see, what did C-valent die about two or three years ago? Okay. And then Jack Parr, right? And now Johnny Carson, right? I want to tell you that there's been an honor and a Fraghi Lime. I'm going to give you all these years and entertain you. Five, John. There goes, come. Hallelujah, hooray. But nevertheless, I mean, yeah, it's inappropriate to say that on his day after he Croaked, but it's just, you know, the inconsistent. I've always said that before and now the month of he died. I must say, man, he was really a lot better than ever. It's only one. No, not here today. Those clips, those old shows. I guess it was pretty good, but I don't know. He got hired. He was pretty good. I don't know. I mean, there were some moments. I mean, when the Indian Don Rickles were like wrestling when he was in his bathing suit. You know, they keep showing these old clips. But quite frankly, I could have without it. I think the praises in its day. No. I don't know. I don't think in its day it was that great. I don't think now it's that great. I don't think it was ever that great. Jack Parr was great and Steve Allen was great. But this, although compared to Jay Leno, respect factor, it was sensational. It was fantastic. Jay Leno is another one of those states of mind. If he didn't have the chin, he would be making like four bucks. You could make four bucks a week without the chin. Now that's just thing. Yeah, that's a thing. Alright. Pentagon runs client destiny intelligence gathering infrastructure. Oh, no. The Pentagon's defense intelligence agency since 2002 is running intelligence gathering and support unit that has authority to operate client destiny anywhere in the world where it is ordered to go in support of anti-terrorism and counterterrorism missions. A senior defense official said yesterday. The official said the role of these strategic support branch described first in Sunday's Washington Post is to provide an intelligence capability for field operation units, including the US military's secret of special forces unit. The SSB got its name in 2004 after operating under a different understores name before them, said the official confirmed the units of existence in mission that they see in end. There goes on and on. It's, yeah, what do you expect? Okay. They're doing all kinds of crap. Under the Xuswa, you know, it's the war against terror, the war against terror, yadia. Everything that's illegal, everything that's clined destiny, everything that's, uh, uh, infringing on everybody's lives and rights, uh, it's part of the war against terror, you know, just like I like that. But I've got that same crap too. Wait for your this bad news. See, no one to January 24th of the city, first of all, we lose Johnny. Here's Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Johnny. Oh, Rhett. How did it lie to see the Subcap that fast, they love us. I know they love. Damn well, shoot. Quite a how not. It always even has caught was there. Man, he, I hope he's long gone from that organization. Right there's a gun there. Really rub me the wrong way coming here. Remember, when he used to get me those things to read on the year, I mean. Oh, that was just unbelievable. It's one thing people bring and food to get nice plug. That's right. I don't cast, I mean, nothing wrong with that. But he used to bring and he writes stuff out about. rights stuff out about their super bowl party platter and I'm supposed to read this on the year and then I am bear us in and I'm like two spots once remember that about two spots speak about this one I can't stand as free loaders ponytail I mean no you know I know at least ponytail spend a lot of money on the show they are they like to be doing it now to the far south department wasn't jerking them around if they weren't screwing them over I like to know who has that account was skipping before so that's you tell you it was on a way into the toilet and who's inherited now I get no how do you like to have a thousand dollars in your hand right now for every sales hole who's coming to us as we've been in that building I'll please would be rich man oh man oh shevets not to mention Scott what's his name there was there for like about five minutes we told him please don't do this Scott Schwartz remember Scott I do our friend was husband professional sure and and even looking at picture or whatever until you write on the wall there look at all the previous PD0 no no no there's a frank no all you don't even need that even the selling dollar how on the speaker anymore frank Brian Schmutz he's gone screw in let's see that bitch no more John we can't say his last name anymore oh that's right John weaness won't see him in there no more he's gone and look what we got left on there you got Todd's wreck in fat boy oh brother hey that's a Adam Adam's good guy that's it I guess Troy didn't make some picture huh no not yet draw a we can't wait to get him up there about Dan Marino yesterday you know about all the comparisons with Sandy Peyton Manning and Danny Marino and the fact that you know he those great receivers all those years you've actually had no running game it no great running backs bro had Mark Higgs in the course he had Troy Strafford I went to Troy Strafford as you're a most productive running back I mean what does that tell you huh never had a chance old Batman lips Joker lips I'm sorry what kind of stuff is that Josh chicken tend to okay huge oh is the chicken tender right wow anyway who is the bad news I was gonna give you a try to postpone it all right a new deal is in a worst-ranBC's morning star oh my god see the regret see unlike the beeslies who and one of their stars is on a virgin in sign-away like mad dogs you manage to the hump or goldberg and they sign up right away to an extended deal and like a sign sealed delivered you know like the three of us unlike that these people have been here all the whispering about CBS wants to stick that bitch on air to replace Dan rather and he said well we rather have her here because we're desperate anyway then we see the peacock is like molting NBC has begun talks with the extent of the contractor today show anchor Katie Kirk which would be clued in the sense of her job at the CBS see that's the way a real broadcast organization works Carolyn had him off at the bottom of the business these over there and Joyce had him off at the past I guarantee when they were at the center of contrast I can say oh well if you come in and look at somebody cross-eyed or if you like uh... behavior way that's not the conducive to a uh... pleasant environment or look if you could decide somebody a little bit too much or if you look at uh... what's his name Matt Lauer cross-eyed are gonna fire your ass she not gonna sign that they're not gonna do that they're gonna grow leader because they want her they want her so they want to be nice to him and one like kissy kissy kissy as opposed to the abesley way which is his he's he's he's he's he's in his fight because Carolyn uh... or what's the name Joyce he's gonna show him how sharp she is with her uh... legal background in that medical malpractice which has nothing to with radio she would know a radio if you start fourteen thousand bows uh... those big super radios upper ash you would know a radio and if you reach in their deterrent to the house he still wouldn't do it NBC president chef Zucker said for i'd have to be critics association with a press tour that discussions to keep kady cork at an over beyond the eight months left in a contractor under way and the new deal is likely to keep her on the today show as well that she's any talent because she's pathetic but never nevertheless that they don't have much cork has reportedly been at the top of a wish was the replacement for dandr rather who steps down marks none on the cbs even news but it says here let's emphasize the word wish this is tb guy dot com even though cbs is if may uh... make contact with cork she's contract with a two-meter two thousand six just like mad dog i see exactly the same thing no right was contract with the last of the industry to two thousand five but nevertheless we'd like to make sure it stays a matter long time and doesn't jump ship and go over to the seven ninety which would put them on a map right now they're like off the just the edge of the map they got your rose and up doing much they're not doing much but you put him over there and any put the homper over there and we've done more finitur we'd be okay but on that this station just a shot it off except from ten to two right it says by the way cbs could get to work wouldn't make more sense to put around in a morning with all the talk about the statuary the new zan could the morning shows our far more important to the financial well-being of the news divisions even in third place cbs in the early show makes more than a hundred million year in proper due to the demand for add time on morning shows today the rating leader makes close to three hundred million but NBC isn't taking any chances cork saturday's currently at sixteen million year with today's profit you can probably expect to have the rays how do you like that she's making sixteen million a year at his bitch pity correct lightweight will be an understand it's the call her lightweight will be an insult to every lightweight in the universe and i right and she's making sixteen million here like they try to tell you all new chinese kids zine america baby even you got a shot no talent no great looks no nothing what you got she look great those shoes it's those shoes that did melda marcos showed her the way you were listening to new rugs it's lucidly on five weeks and they tell at five six oh w coming up tonight on inside the behind the true holding with celebrity music five if you broke out story he came from Detroit actually romio michigan with a badass name destined for hip hop actually is real name is bob richie and a career spanning decades and actually it hasn't been very long and he's been almost completely surfing in him he's kid rock listen man i was one of the first white guys to be mixed and rock with hip hop dude i open the door to rock metal dude i slept with pammal Anderson okay uh oh whatever yes kid rock is so monumentally uninteresting they didn't image of a naked pammal Anderson writing like a running will debased could do little the must of the enthusiasm of our inside the behind interviewer my dude pammal Anderson how you guys suck kid rock and what they want before when you look up done in the dictionary his picture will be there right next to burn five it's a big juicy something went look at show business tonight on inside the behind 255 15 golden five 16 w could have mad dog at two although uh quite frankly and then we got the mullower debited for the door to the door to the door even more quite frankly and then we got the gildy making one of those appearances seven of them and he came to collect tonight no ball games no mutton who best fits this description some of it became more popular after death Jesus Christ 141 you can't get much more popular than Jesus James Dean 25 Elvis 24 in a cool Simpson 17 Merlin Monroe 14 Kurt Cobain's got 11 Bruce Lee 10 two more to nine Vincent van Gogh eight oh I like the way we spell that oh man V a N G O villa was it's like that dog B I N G O remember Vengor was his name van Gogh was his name uh patchy client six Capricot four two packs got three he's got a three pack buddy holly's got one wooden Shakespeare one john homes one Frankie lineman's got one I can't imagine who that could be Bobby there in Freddie Mercury now for his cock so far got the big oh how do you like that even Freddie Mercury how did how's that possible because it's not uh appropriate on because he doesn't fit on there now everybody think he was more popular life yeah he's old news now by the time he died the career was long since over extreme touring and uh right company Q AM hello yes are you doing pretty good alright I want to speak with Neil speaking alright I go with curly Howard how about love oh course and shampy too okay curly Howard not anymore not all of huh how about the three studios we could want to like separate and honor how about this all trey right the three snore incredibly in but отд you I think it's fee-barcle. The biggest tight cast? Yes sir. Please thank George. Please, George, please, George, can do it. That's pretty cool. I like it. Thanks for your protein. No problem there. Thanks for your protein. I think that was the crazy guy. What does an crazy guy? Oh yeah, we don't have too many crazy guys. How many are we going? About 30 men. And how are you? That was him. I think he actually finally burst up in the smoke. He found a guy an idea. And we give him a good idea. Okay, sure. Write it down. Right. Who's the most tight cast actor or actress? The most tight cast. Kind of like that one that can't act at all. I'm off you one that we talk about, Danny I.L. Right. Is no one will you chat or let her knee more? They're always complaining about that. Are they really? Just this morning. Well, let's not start making this scene. Now you're doing a wrong thing. You're going to make this. You might be this tomorrow. Whatever day we decide to do it. But now you're making a list here already. And then they're going to be calling it. Oh, for that tight cast right now. Forget about it. If you call him for that poll today, you've had it. Okay, you're going to join Johnny Carson. Here's going Johnny and the card in the box. Okay, that must be Doc Simranson blown out of the thing. Thank you. Come in to Q. Way ahead. Hello. We hope for that type because now I'm just kidding. Never again. Never again. When I down your page, It's me. I bet it against them last week. And a week before that. And I will not bet against them this week. They are kicking. But another thing. They had a special. I don't care. This week they won't lose. I bet anybody knows what I mean next week. Two weeks. They had the one of the most special guests with Johnny Carson on a new segment last night. The amazing Randy. Right. I hate that guy. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want any envelope. The fact. Were you blows any envelope? Exactly. No. Not the character that Johnny Carson was in. The amazing Randy. Oh, it was the. The radio guy. The radio. James Randy. I have no idea who that is. I'm not. He said he boasts myths and religious coops. I have no idea who that is. I thought you would know that by now. No. I know. I'm a storyman. I'm a storyman. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. How about you? Hello. He says Hey. Well. You? Tony? Why don't you? It's a normal. Nice to meet you. Namaste, Namaste is great. Right. That's good. Right, exactly. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thanks. See, Namaste is a fact that I actually thought of that yesterday when I put this pool thing on air. And then I stood by mine. I had more important fish to fry. I tried to stay above so I tended to read the little was zero. Wow. With the power out. If I had a choose, and I'm sure we've done this pool before, what one invention could you least live without? Right. We don't have something like that. Electricity. Right. Because all of the things that it powers. Right. Anything else? I mean, I don't know too many people got a battery operated TV. We have battery operated radios, but who knows, it cares about radio anymore. I mean, radios like a dinosaur. Especially radio radios. Right. Oh, we're aim-raders. Oh, history. Get rid of it. But seriously, I mean, electricity, when you're with them, and then of course you start thinking like, well, how did they reach in the Romans in the old time, and he can come back in colonial days and also history. How did people survive without electricity? Is it head-based? No, and then seriously, don't you ever wonder that? I've experienced it because I didn't have a TV when I was a Christian all those years. So we do it. We didn't have a TV when you were a Christian. Right. So I'll tell you how to survive. Oh, no. Yeah. A lot of heavy petty. Wow. You must have really been there. They must have hit your brain inside out. Yeah. But I got that. You like when you put up a pair of underwear out of the door in a morning and like his inside out and you got like turned it back outside in. That must have been what your brain was like. I came back. Great. Nothing like being a Christian, baby. I'm not talking about just ordinary pedestrian Christian. I'm talking about hard work. You're a brain watch, do we? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Christian. Wow. We have to put it in the way, and hello. How about Jericho? Yeah. He's been on talk for about 30 man. I would think that I think is a good choice, don't you? Sure, what a jury Garcia. Are you eating non-eir again? Sorry. So good. I'm not thinking about food. Last night, big fat meal. Hello. I'll tell you, that's one thing about a meal like that. Onion soup, spinach or arotten, and a nice big juicy, revised steak. Doesn't your blood sugar actually is stable? Don't you want to say anything? No crap. That'll hold on your carbs. No. No carbs. Maybe a little in the cheese or the spinach. Why should we like spinach all grotten? Not like plain spinach. All those spinach with butter is okay. You don't like spinach? You don't like that all. Or broccoli? Right. I can both broccoli all grotten, which you also want to know. They got a real good words Chris here and he helped me out telling Toronto also in this is saga. The one and four love of real, ah, ah, ah. How many Q.A.M. hello? I know, I know. Pretty good. Kitty Curse Q is a button for small. Sam Kinison for your list. And Robert Creeper's that. Oh, wow. Okay. All of that. I'm glad you mentioned Robert Creeper because Georgia, we're continuing before the show this morning. The rumor is that from now on, Robert Creeper is going to negotiate all new contracts for the town of the Q.A.M. And we'll have just as much, just as much cloud as when the grave. Let's go see some now. None. Yeah. When you shake Robert Creeper's hand on a dealer Q.A. In fact, tell a Hank and the mad dog if they want to get their deal finalized the way they want to just make a deal with Robert. Have their lawyers have it up and they haven't placed for Robert to sign it. And they'll have every much the impact and the cloud the Greg reads signature has now even with the even with the squirrel. When and out they throw it out. You're out, Greg. WQA.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Q.A.M. You're out of here. Are you coming for me? You're out. Your Roger's Hank, mad dog, 80K, guilty. No. What do you got, Pally? When and out. Not much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you want to. What a moron man. What an imbassil. Why did you pick up the phone? Why did you go to the effort of having somebody dial the number for you? Okay? You just can't cut it man. A task as simple as that in life and you just can't get the job done. Just when and out spit it out baby spit it out. WQA. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, Pally. I've got two religious figures that haven't touched on for your pull, but first I'd like to say the Jeri Garcia and Sam Kenneth and made their mark long before their death. So I think some of your listeners are getting off to you as people would get it. Sam, more than anything. Sam is not to who now cares about Sam, Kimis and now. Well, that's my two for the pull. I think that's the thing to be in Jeri's and like, Jeri Garcia. I think that I don't know. I think the grateful that are like bigger now than ever. Yeah, that's true. But the two that I have for the pull are the religious figures. Yeah, that's true. I'm sorry. Who you got? David Koresh and the Reverend Jim Jones. Excellent. Reverend Jones. That's that one too. Okay. I think. Leave the chorus you got it. Yeah, Reverend Jim Jones. That's a cool, you guys. As opposed to the other Reverend Jones. Who called the last caller on Hank showed today? You better like, yeah, you better start giving them a little heads up there on someone who's chronic callers. Well, who? Who? Huh? If we would listen. What do we do by that? We had already potted it up. The caller was on the air. No, but from now on, we'll have to listen earlier. No. I mean, nothing personal with Hank. We just don't listen to sports here. We don't listen to any show when Stern was on. We don't have time to be listening to the morning show. We're too busy spreading evil rumors about QM. Oh, not even just truth of absorbing them. Yeah, we don't need any rumors just to truth. I think the only question about today's poll is who's going to be in second place? Who's going to be right on Jesus behind? Because Jesus has 160 votes. There ain't nobody can touch Jesus. They don't want to touch that shroud of terrain. Or maybe that toilet tank that his daddy signed, but he could touch you. Jesus 160, Elvis 31, James Dean 29. We got a good battle there and quite frankly, who cares about what else. He said he'll rushes. And who's going to be? On 560, she's a M. Just Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QA-down. Who, all their wives, she's here before. Who, all their women, he's made so. He threw them from his hands. Who make rules for commands. That's billionaire playboy, man-hard. Who, all their wives, she's here before. That narcissist thick man, he's here before. Without cash, she's a joke. I dare say, dumb Trump, would have no prayer in hell. Who's strong? Got rid of my lollipop. He threw them out from power. Was this guy smoking marijuana? Yes. Or getting high on his power. Who, all their wives, she's here before. There's no question that he'll have more. Will I be a slumber free? But I can't wait to see who Trump will take as long or far. Who, all their wives, she's here before. Who, fact, there's rules and hate of dogs. He's such a horny pot. Who they hire, clad, brains up. And they see him waving on corn. Got rid of my lollipop. He threw them right out of this dream. He met a new girl and said, hey, what a love. He might know why, but from my skin he's here. You turn out, you can't hear. Probably two or five 60s, if you have happy Monday. Don't believe any of that crap about this being the most depressing day of the year. That's only for the brids. Okay. And one of the brids is not the brids don't know Schmid. Well, actually they do know because that's probably their last name. It's Schmid, right? It's in Hell, what Schmid? Things like that. Five, six, seven, five, 60. And a variety of things. We're taking congratulations calls for the Patriots from End of Splashing Victory Overty. The Cedar is last night, 41 to 27. Even though it wasn't that close. The final score was not indicative of the game. Is that correct, John? Very correct. Because they didn't get, I don't know what the hell they did that for the end of the game. They just basically backed off. And they said, well, I want you to go out and feel another touch. That's going to feel so bad. And that went, it meant the way it looked pretty much. And what was that? They were like playing no defense. It just, it was like a screwdriver to do something. When he threw that touch down past in there was like, okay, honor God. There's one for you. Now let's get this over and go. Go get the trophy again. Kind of strange. Stubby QAM, hello. What's the rule? Come to QAM, hello. Hey there. You okay. Who is it? JFK was the more proper. Yeah, I would think Charlie's only present in lessons for years, you're right. Okay. So you have to get a good choice. That is the next one, choice. Yes, it is. WQAM, hello. I got another one in the same genre by the way. What about Martin Luther King? Okay. When you agree? Yes, I would. Two here. The WQAM, hello. They're in his coming way. During his coming ways. Yeah. Well, I'm not. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Just for that. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Five, six, seven, five, six. Pound five, sixty, under her horizon and singular route of slime. Whatever you say. WQAM, hello. You know, yes, sir. Michael, so. WQAM, hello. Now when it comes to that football game, you had to finger right on it. Yeah. And then we'll do the game too. Uh-huh. You know, I can't wait to see him run up the score again. So we can see that sour push of coach tower. What a clown. Yeah. Some wrong with him. Don't you agree? Yeah. I'm definitely wrong with him. And Josh says, oh, just because he's got that, well, what did you call it? Scowl emotion? Yeah. Emotion. That's not just emotion. It's like emotion. I mean, you know, everybody's got emotions. But emotion like a crazy person like Renfield and Dracula. He had emotions too, but it was like a little over the top. You know what I mean? A little over the top. But I think that's funny. You think it's funny? Yes. I think it's scary. I think you could be like the next. What he has, he's been like, uh, belt one of the players point of these days soon. I could be wrong about that. But he just looks to me like a loose cannon man. He looks like a wild man. But he's got a great record in these playoffs. WKOM. Hello. Welcome. Yes, sir. Go on for the poll. Okay. I'm seeing the cruise and I am dead now. I mean, my huge, just right. People that have heard of seeing that cruise before you. Oh, I see like, like other Anglo people have heard of seeing that cruise. No, we only heard about it. But that's the point. That's what the poll is. That's a bigger popular big. Someone who became more popular after death. We didn't say big, but more popular. Is that 80? Yeah. At least in our crowd. Yeah, record sales. Get right there. I'm a bigger person. So those record sales really took off. Not more popular. We didn't say more profitable. We didn't say sold more records for the record. We didn't say sold more movies. So those are DVDs and DVDs. We saw the news more week. The popular. Well, please. How about this guy? Everybody with a short we got to see the cruise going on. Okay. Put a seat on there. Don't be so Cuban phobic. Whatever that is. Or like Stan Maydou would say so hit for phobic. I want a jerk. What a check-in. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty in the horizon. And sing it around his lines. WQAM. Hello. Bob Marley is big now. Mind right. Job Marley. Yeah, man. When you agree there. Right. No? Yes. Okay. Please. Okay. Okay. I give you another one. Same genre. Timmy Hendrix. Okay. No? No, I do agree. What about ten Hendrix? What is the ten place for the whole ten and a rest of your hawk? The beak? Huh? Before your time drive. For phobic. For phobic. He's a big head-in. He's a big head-in. He doesn't know who that is anyway. The stalk, the beak, the hawk, the something like that. Ten Hendrix. The pelican. That's it. Brief. WQAM. Hello. Hey, it's me. I'm going to say Bob Marley. I'm about to get an engine. Timmy Hendrix is a little less than that. Thanks a lot. See, it's that psychic ability again. I have a feeling I know who's going to die yesterday. Oh, no. Job. See how people take me for granted, defected on Friday. I had that story from the inquire. I mean, what are the odds? And remember, I was like, oofling over that picture of Jesse Metcalf. And then I turned, I said, oh, I can't do that because the other side's got the big story about Johnny Carson's secret medical emergency. The beloved tonight shows that was unable to breathe. And the fact that he's got this after the medical drama, Johnny said, I couldn't read. I thought it was dying. Well, guess what? Guess what you were, Johnny. That's the only correct story. Yeah, you were. You just didn't know yet. What a horrible picture. Photowage on he taken two days before his ordeal shows how bloated he became to the illness. I'll tough up like a bullfrog. Just looking really bad. Given like a little wave there, this little very low key, little wave like, I'm out. Guess what? What? He's out. Oh, I guess he was going to be next. I hate to say it. I'm thinking of you. All right. What's it called? Oh, here's one of three. Oh, yes. You're a star, baby. See? Oh, no. There's a lot of difference that we liked, Johnny. Kersh, neither did I didn't think he'd show us all like right and he was overrated. It was not the not the like. He was okay. Never sold for a dream. Whereas Dick Clark we find out from Michael Moore after all these years had us buffaloed and played it was basically a pretty decent guy. And I did like the name of pyramid show the 25,000 or 50 of whatever was pyramid. See now, I'll only watch the one that's got Bill Cohen on it. Now, I couldn't Bill Cohen still be alive and Dick Clark we did. Wouldn't that be justice? What are those things? Yeah. That's God for you. So, you know, he had show us kind of funny things. I mean, I thought he was a good guy. He was a game show host and a group of directors or a gang of panelists. That was just thing. Like Kitty Carlisle, right? Right. Two of some other game show panelists for official panelists. Arlene Francis. Brett Summers, Charles Nelson Riley. Sure. Richard Dawson. Yeah, he did. Every afternoon we watch a match game we read. Right. Do you remember? Absolutely. You know, though he a show was kind of funny. I mean, I thought so back then, but you know how things are. No, it is good. He made a very nice game. Still good to watch. Marshall Wallace was on there from laughing. Right. Every now and then. Uh, and right next to Brett Summers once and a while, was our last Ben Jack Clarkman and the upper left and the court. He was there with some while. Not when he could still speak. Um, another one. Very white. Right. Right. White. Mary D'Alen Luden, who made a helicopter, and he also was a WQAM hello. Danielle, I got, I have two for your pull. Okay. Two pops your cool. Got him. And then up along, let me go. Go on and let him shan. Go on. Go on. What's he, Brad? I didn't notice that. It worked. Oh, good. I think he said Gordon Strongford. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. That was Jim Probswood. Yes, sir. Uh, about. I, I, I, I, I, whatever. That's the name was. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm. I, Alia. No, for my, I, Alia. I, Alia. Alia, Alia, Alia. Yeah, she's a big now. Alia, in fact, she's on the her videos now, Alia. One more thing, this Friday could be really story about Carl Rhoff. About one? Carl Rhoff. Well, what do you mean? The story about him. Jimmy, can we make a magic coming like you, where you magic comes from? I see. Okay. Hello. I kind of thank you. Good idea. Yeah. Like the one we did by Johnny. Yeah. Thursday, I would be disturbed by Dick Clark and then Carl Rhoff, whether that roping maniac on Friday. We'll put it. We'll put a hex. And I'll be clung. We're going to talk about Joyce. Not that we wish you any health choice, or anything like that, or that you should fall and break your neck or something like that. You are definitely the trigger in our wood file. I'll say it that honey. You come along. No. It seemed to me that we're like, even though they want to pay anybody on time. Other than that, they were fairly reasonable and they minded their own business. So whatever in West Coast and Naples. But once this broad came along, look out. Now she's got a, you know, come in there. Really be the bus boss. Yeah, and she's got to piss everybody off and turn to place in one nightmare. We don't need any more of this chaos. Okay. There is a New Year's resolution for measly broadcasting and Greg Reed. No more chaos in 2005. Okay. Cut the crap now. Get it done. And I'm going to tell you, even though we've had, you know, the column, Sarni had a column and very jackass rights, his crime. And let me tell you very instead of wasting your time right now. Whole article this morning about a station that nobody even listens to. That doesn't even show up on a way. He's doesn't make the needle move on a Richter scale. You're not even coming close to getting the real low. No matter how much they write about where you're okay. I said, I'll never stop. You're not even coming close to the shenanigans that insanity that's going on in this company. A company right away, which is listed on a NASDAQ stock exchange, which passes itself off as a respectable honorable company. And it's like playing fast and losing people and trying to like, I don't even know how to describe it. Like how much they say this. Oh, you've been signed this and you've been signed. No, we won't. Oh, you will do it. No, we won't. You have to be a lunatic to sign this swirl at this broadest put in that. Oh, yeah, you've got to be nice. You've got to talk nice about this one and be nice about that. After six months of that, we wouldn't have anybody left listening. Why don't we just put the Joyce Fitzgerald on 24. What do you say, huh? Here's that bitch. Old Joyce Fitzgerald. Here she is. Got a theme song for her. Basically what we got now, we got a pink contest between her and Greg. That's what it all boils down to. We got a power struggle going on. And he's on the losing and he's on the ass losing in right at the moment. His power, it's like on a small building, you know, when they bring out the, um, the crypto. The crypto night, when they bring the rocks out. All of a sudden, poor car. He's like a wimpian, limpian, that wimpian, that wimpian, that's what's going on at QAM now. I think once the cut is here, real sure what I live. Faggy, the least me girl haircut. I think since then, he's been impotent. He's been a very impotent guy in the, uh, mail store of things. 1213 at 5, 16 WQM, you know, IRS tax problems. There's no doubt about this. They have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially. Physically and emotionally, you can never really forget about those IRS problems. They come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. Ready to like pee or pants. CPH-in, the buck wall to the buck wall tax. Formal help and your IRS promise forever. And give you back peace of mind. Which is why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax. The buck wall tax, for when they have problems with the IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution. Get all unfiled tax returns prepared. Even if he lost all your records. Now, maybe you've got an IRS lien. A wage, levied. Old payroll taxes and penalties. Or you want to settle for a thousand less than your or any time to pay. Whatever you're dilemma, the buck wall tax firm will get that monkey off your back. The offer you a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately relief from the IRS harassment. Investible, you don't even have to go to those IRS meetings because the buck wall tax handles all meetings and discussions. You don't even have to be there. So call them today and they'll get some help. Okay. Throw off that life wrap. 954, 575, 2800. That's 954, 575, 2800. Whether you attend grand or a million IRS taxes or anything in between. The buck wall tax firm will help you out. Call them today for that free consultation. There's absolutely no obligation or visit them on the web at irrestreetem.com. And stop worrying about the IRS knock an arm at door. Call them today, 954, 575, 2800. You want to send that email, Roger. Best, crucible. On 565, 800. And. Break it, you know, in this state of the state's speeches, over Governors often begin belitting their accomplishments of the past year. Well, I would do the same. Last year on the May administration is flipped into a financial black hole. And we have other good news. Ladies and gentlemen, I did not approve, a fair of frivolous and shaped on lawsuits. And we cut the outreach waste time at the department of motor vehicles. To 13 months, now that's terrific news. My colleagues, I say to you this year, we must do two things. Throw the drive up to spending by billions of dollars and throw the destroyer of people's faith and their government. Thank you very much. And that's all of you. Thank you. We're happy to have you in 30 2017. We've found 60 WQA. Who best fits this description? Some of it became more popular after death. Got a good list going. I think we'd have this many people on you. I guess we'd be up to 300. A bit lower done. Some of me. And lower. Well, I haven't seen all of us. We put Jesus Christ one 81. He's in the league of his own. Elvis 36, James Dean 34. And a cool Simpson 29. Doing very well and cool. Right? That's because we hate OJ so much like poison, man. Remember, I'm a close to got that duck with the poison sauce? Let's serve OJ some duck with poison sauce. Merlin on Ro 15, Bruce Lee 14, Kurt Colman 13, Jim Morrison's got 12. I love this cafeteria. Vincent Van Gogh was spelled embarrassingly poorly nine. Two facts seven. Pacifline seven. JFK says anybody ever see Vincent Van Gogh? There he goes. William Shakespeare five. Caracca Perkis four. From Buddy Holly. Three. Buddy Holly should be doing mud. I didn't know. I used to make me Buddy Holly's only got three. That was a lot. Cracker please. Wow. Fraccy Lyman tree. Jimmy Henryst two Bob Marley two. Martin Luther King Jr's got a pair. Jr. Jury Garcia two John Holmes has got a pair. Freddie Mercury two David Correch one. No synonymous one. Bobby Darren one. And then none yet. Well, they just went on their lovies. Alias he decruves the George protests. Or in his timing way. Reverend Jim Jones. Uh, why would you say Reverend Jim Jones is like popular now? And anybody think he know who had the easy man anymore? All newsworthy. No one knew who he was until the event. I think that's what they're pointing. That's what anyone's got to understand in this question. Three stuages and Alfred's car. And he's car still got a car. I can't believe that. Alfred and his car still don't have any. Like they still don't know who he is. Even though he is that I see. No, I see. I'm not just talking about obviously we're talking about his movies. That the TV show. Right. Yeah, that was all right. But the movie's all the great movies which became cult. Like, uh, psycho and rear window. A stranger on a train. Oh, is it in the street? Hitchcock movie's rope. Vertigo. Smoke and a rope. Vertigo. Do a psych Northwest. Right. James can't. I mean, uh, carry Grant. They're always same. What? They're all great. And now you'd like to turn on a movie channels on there on your TV. And there they are over at Wolverorgan. And you can't watch them too much. If one of them comes on, you can't shut it off. It's like a godfather. If we're a window comes on. I mean, can you turn that off? No way. No. Raven and ver. Raven, ver, who was? Yeah, I had no idea. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. WQA, am hello. Hi. Yes, yes. I am. Kim Crochi. There you go, man. Perfect. You look at a national man. Pooners are the most famous Dead News decision. Right. He was a real smooth operator. I'll say that. Exactly. Nice. Nice. That's a good one. If I wanted to stop this release, it wasn't released until he was dead. Really? Is white released? She released it? After his death after his cry. Maybe if she released it sooner, he might have stayed alive. WQA. Hello. Me? Yes sir. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. How about for your list, Selena? There you go, perfect. That is, that's a good one. Oh I knew. Nobody ever heard of Selena until all of a sudden. She was dead. Not Cambana. Guys, a little carried away. Selena? How about Alia? We got Alia? We got Alia. She didn't have any votes for Alia. Well, see her and I'm wearing guess what? A case you two didn't like? Yeah. Johnny! Three! What? What's all in this? Still dead. Nobody QAM hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes I wanted to speak with him. You're speaking with him. Oh. I got a name for you Paul. Okay. Selena. So, Selena was a fantastic choice. Thank you. Thank you and have a great day. What about Selena George? I don't know. You're seeing it? Selena? Nothing could be me now. The label is old. Selena. That's what she didn't smell too good no more. How about QAM hello? Hey, Niel. How are you? Pretty good. How about Leonardo da Vinci? The Vinci is fantastic just like Vincent Van Gogh. Exactly. And I think I'm giving a prediction for the Super Bowl or Patriots. They're going to probably win 35-10. Sounds like a winner to me. Alright buddy. Thank you. Thanks, Paul. All of our T-O is coming back supposedly for that game right? I did. I thought they said after the game yesterday was coming back. Well, it's what they say, but I got it. So, on other words, you got the inside track. You got the inside info? No, but I mean, he did break a bone. Yeah, he broke it. Take a time. I think what's your name broke it? Nicola Chirin. She broke it. And there you go. Anyway. I see where I was going to go with that. I better know. Yeah, just start. Yeah. In the extreme. No, but seriously, I don't think it'd be played makes that much difference. Just like, you know, all the great running back that are running game. It was steelers yesterday and all this other crap. They were humiliated, degraded and embarrassed to be honest with you. The Patriots made them look like an in-at-a-luck just another pedestrian team. They just, why would they mocked up the fuel room? How was it? And I think they'll do the same thing with Donovan McNabb and Witter without T-O and all the other high-falutin. They're just another one of those hot-chat teams do yours. And I'll say in the Boston Globe. First it was the colds, then it was the sewers. Now it'll be the Eagles, you know? I'll say it again, just even if the Patriots weren't playing, whoever it would be playing in the F.C., I'd root for them against the Eagles with their fans. They're all man. They are just obnoxious and disgusting and grotesque always have been. Just ask Mike Schmidt, he'll tell you, or anybody else that it would play in any sport and fily. Roodle. W2QAM, hello. QAM. Nia. Yes, sir. Name for your family and also a comment about a statement you made earlier this morning. Go ahead, head. The name for the poll. John Lemon. Yes, I know. It's a marginal. Okay. And you've had a statement earlier this morning. You and the guys were talking about how they were upset about the Patriots winning again. And this and that. Yeah, none of the Miami fans had a problem. And Dallas was a dinosaur, a steedy one, Joe did. And Washington Redskins were a dinosaur, a dinosaur, a forty-nine. You know, all the reason I've been, but see, there was no, there's no rivalry between Miami and any of those teams. There's no national rivalry. There, you know, and now we got two teams in the same division. Not, not just in the same conference, but the same division. And the dolphins have gone so sour at the same time. All the Patriots now three out of four years. They're going to be visible. And so it's just jealousy. You know, it's just rampant and same jealousy. That's right. It is. It's the same jealousy. You got it. Thank you. Have a good day. And back to you. Thank you. Boy, no IC out there, George. Holy. Morey. I can't see nothing out there window. Look at that. I don't know what's yesterday. I can't even describe it. You know, I got that. I don't want to start like pat my self on the stomach because it's a big target. But how I don't, I kept to get all day yesterday because no one's going to be working tomorrow. I just can't do it. And I didn't sleep well all night because my whole system was like turning inside out from like, In fact, I think maybe I might lose one foot from frostbite, not really. And I'll be honest with you. I read those of foot from frostbite then be in South Florida. I'll tell you that right now. The snow. Oh, sir. The snow. The cold. The wind. It's not just a snow and a cold man. It's the wind. It's the rain just blows man. It blows. Wow. I see my those a couple of toes. Or maybe like PC or nose. That's how it goes. Right. That's what they. That's what the host say. 5 670 560. Tom 5. Yeah, that man. How does pretty good moving? It was good with Brian. I still say I saw that guy. The guy that played the. I'm going to all the research to write now because he creeped me out in that movie. Yeah, he's a very creepy guy. And then what about when he had the sexy would I blind you? What was that? More than that. Yeah, I was watching pieces of it because by that time the game was basically over and down with but I was flipping back and forth. So I didn't see like none interrupt this. It'll be back on again. So now you need to see red dragons so you compare them. So because they're actually a little bit different. Well, which one was first? Red dragon. The one we saw. No, no, no. The one that you remember. The one that was first. Then red dragon is a remake of that. But they changed it around. So it. It ends differently. Different things happen. That's part of the story. That was all in the book. The blind check that you fair with the blind check and all that. I wish you mind if alive. You come out of that thing alive. I tell you that. Oh, no, that's it. It's okay. I'll have to watch it. He has to do with the ending of both of them. So I'll be man. Oh, at least nobody in this movie said. Dr. Lecter. Dr. Mader. No, no, no, no. No, no. No, no. Now this was. In fact, the right up in the my movie book. This was glowing about a phenomenal spectacular. It was always a matter of fact. You have to see the new red dragon because one of your favorite characters is in that. You know, the reporter that wound up in the wheelchair. The reporter looks at people or something. You'll see more hot for the first. The guy's name. What do you mean? You're a little wheelchair. And man hunter. Are you didn't see that part? Yeah, I started part when I was sitting in the chair. He said, please let me go. I saw it. Yeah, so in the middle of the sea more. And red dragon. It's full of sea more hot. Oh, I see. Because I thought, what he sure changed. He sure felt the change. He likewise does a very good job in that movie. He looked like he all went into. Very good. He's a, you also enjoy him as Freddy and tell them. He's just a little bit more good. It's a little, yeah, he's not gay. He's got the girlfriends all over town. Twenty seven past known at five, sixty WQA. I'm on your shop for quality food. Where what story immediately should come to mind? Brandees, you've got it. I'm going to talk brandy by looking at us. Looking glass. Very good. I know who would've come up with that today. I don't know why. We got more bigger company for all. Huh? Frostpithead. Is that what it is? Yeah, but I came up with that sir. Mac and terror from guiding light and Kevin Bacon. Anyway, Brandees and Palmetobetes is just unbeatable because they give you the combination of everybody's looking for. They take good care. You make sure you get a perfect fit every time because they're salespeople. You know, they take the time to make sure of that. And number two, they give you unbeatable prices and number three. The top quality names in all your men's and women's shoes. Rockports. For a shine. S.A.S. Very timelomatializer and lots more. Which is why Brandees is still going strong while others are coming. Go on. Brandees is open every day of the week Monday through Saturday. 9 to line every Sunday, 10 to 5. Brandees use it 1290 North federal highway in Palmetobetes. It's always worth a trip. And this week is a great time to buy new balance. Which everybody with a brain love new balance. Choose their fantastic. This week, if Brandees save up to 20 bucks a pair on great new balance. Choose. So be sure to come and visit this week or do your shopping online at Brandees Shoes.com. To be your lunch box. Exclusive. We're going to see. We're going to see. We're going to see those. In the first interview, she's ever given. Number five, we're counter-intired tortured relationship with Scott Peterson. A romantic gift. Pillow talk and lies. He's ended in a courtroom. But it began with a blind date. You know, it's in the door. I thought he was handsome. And he just wanted to go. And nothing more than that. I thought, wow. Okay. Scott had told Amber he was married. And tearfully declared his love for Lacy. You know, he's sitting right in front of me. And we're only having an East Side. You're not angry. I mean, I could be angry. And just stand. But soon she came to feel she had a mission. Just that the ocean currents and San Francisco Bay. And she bought a second hand fishing boat. I was going to do whatever I needed to. The next day, Amber Fry, the other woman from Lacy Peterson, into the chili waters of San Francisco Bay. And that sounds crazy. But I was thankful that there was a missing pregnant woman. And nobody knew where she was at. Is it fair to say Amber that you would have something to do with her disappearance? Yeah. Scott had nothing to do with her disappearance? Okay. What were you thinking at that time? She couldn't breathe. I had a good feeling. Almost like putting salt on that wound. I'm dealing with a sociopath here. Pretty much, yeah. You know, it's really good. Roll a yeast or a strange cool strawberry. Okay. I don't have an indigestion or anything like that. But it just happened to have a big, like, I just bought these because we know it in the, you know, we could like some bad harpoon. Especially when you have good and IBS. Oh, I thought that. So I put it up. I'm not talking about for harpoon. I'm just talking about like for a snack or per candy. Yeah. Okay. I just picked this up because I went to look how to win. No man who is blowing snow again. What is this crap all about? You think it was winner or something like that? You think. So Tom Newton is that guy's name. Tom Noonan and the guy's name. The guy that played Hannibal of a, the killer in Man Hunter. Yeah. The two-thurry, I guess. Oh yeah. Really bizarre. Yeah. Tom Noonan and he's been in a million things. I've seen some of these things, but I don't know if you have. He's a very scary guy. Yeah. Like Luca Brassie. Kevin's Gate. William Phil, Wolf in the easy money. Eddie Maynard run best defense. Man with one red shoe with Tom Hey, he must've seen that. No, no. Robo Cup 2. Tom Hanks is wearing a red shoe. Apparently. I just, uh, Or that before after he started even in chocolates. Anyway, who best fits this description? Some of it became more popular after death. Somebody came up with that on Friday, right? Somebody called it in. Thank you very much. 449 votes. The people with no votes yet Alfred Hitchcock. He can't buy a vote. Ernest Hemingway, none. Same person. See that cruise. And Alia, don't have any in John Lennon. I can't even know about the John Lennon one. I don't know if he really ought to be on there. No. I say no, but what do I know? Well, it's ran a borderline. As old as those. Because they made a lot of news when they died, which he did. Because he was so huge when he was alive. Yeah. He couldn't be any more famous than he was in life. So I have a little leave it on there. And won't get any votes. Bobby Darons got one. Salina's got one. Freddie Mercury's got a pair. John Holmes has two, three, two, just two. No, for Thomas, two. Um, Jerry Garcia's got a pair. Reverend Jim Jones has got two. The Reverend Jones. Martin Luther King's got a pair, Junior. Jim Crow cheese got two already. He just went on there. That's an excellent one. Freaky lime and three. David Koreshtary, Copernicus 4. Buddy Holly 4 Bob Marley, 4 Jimmy Hendrix 4. Will you give a Shakespeare 5? Patsy Klein 7. JFK 8. Vincent Van Gogh 10. Two pack 10. Jim Morrison 12. Kurt Colbaine has got a my laundry zone of dried here. No, Kurt Colbaine 14. Merlin Monroe 16. Bruce Lee 17. Nicole Simpson's got. Bob Birdman. Elvis 38. James 139. See the battle. A desperate battle for a second behind Jesus with nobody against Jesus. 203. You can be touched by an angel, but only pray to be touched by Jesus. When you think he can touch you. Can he? And that would lend the Blair was saying. Now let me ask you so after Jesus after this resurrection came back and all of this good stuff happened. What happened then? He rose again. He ascended. He left us? Yeah, he went back to heaven. But he'll be to that one again. For the second coming. He said, sit at the right hand of God and he won't. He won't. He won't. He won't. He's there for moral support. I see. Well, he is wasted a lot of valuable time on 10 of that. He's your advocate. He's your advocate. He's your advocate. He must be gay. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? You forgot to put big mouth on there with poop duty. That guy though, I just started. Oh, good. WQAM. Hello. You got one for your pole. Uh-huh. Jimmy Hendrix. Jimmy Hendrix. Alex. 56056. Yeah, just got through into the hole tonight. Did we not put him on there? Did we fail to put him on? I'm sure we put him on. He's on there. Okay. I'll get defensive now. But I don't see it. I see. He's got poop. He's got full. Give me Hendrix to know what. Oh, I admit man. I learned it came to my answers. No, I'll be sure missed that. Here. That is. There's rockin' at me. Yeah, just for those American publisher of sweepstays or whatever. Hold this. That alone. We like Johnny. And we could live with you. You know, piece of turd. WQAM, huh? I'm going to help. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Uh-huh. Purs for your pole. I bought George Orwell. George Orwell became very popular after 1984. That's correct. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I wasn't able to get back. Yeah. I got that hour dean information for tonight. Can I give it to you? Oh, yeah. Go ahead. Well, you're going to face it to me. Yeah, and head. Listen to this. I got it to a car accident on the way to the office. And it was with a car that had a W-O-4. And they rear-ended me. And my bumper sticker, but my window sticker said, uh, any Republican who votes, uh, excuse me, any working person who votes Republican is like a chicken who votes for Colonel Sand is and boy to be getting to it. Really? It was really funny, man. But, do you know what I'm talking about? Four years are our opinion. Yes. Do I still have one? That paper? I could call it still the same phone number I think. I just hang on. No good pushy now. I still haven't here. I'm very excited. You know, King of Del? Um, okay. Here's Howard Coast cell for the pool. Exactly. Oh, like a week ago. Well, I got a whole bunch of crap here. And I didn't have it the other day. Oh, here it is. You got it right here. I see. How do you like that? I love it. Because I love Howard Dean. You're not being holly. Uh, let's see. This is Vud Russell. David's House. I'm going to give you a little interview. And Jim McDonald who drives the Pompon Occasionally in every well. Join them for reception and go to Howard Dean. benefiting democracy for America. And that's tonight. Yeah. Let me tell you. Again, the venues Miami Beach. But, uh, I'll give you the number and you can cross check. And it's 305. Yeah, baby. 604. 1906. Right. And that's the number they can still call it. It's at a private residence. But, uh, you could just plug it and give me a little, uh, the Indian, uh, the Indian, uh, screams I'd love it, man. Well, wait a minute. What does that mean if Prager Ravens ever, it's not going to be a little bit. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah. It was at the high, I think, remember. A sunset harbors out. Okay. Yeah. Now it's, uh, at a, at a, on Pennsylvania Avenue. Pennsylvania Avenue. Yeah. Yeah. He only wishes you were on Pennsylvania. It's in that ironic. But it's at, uh, I can fact this. I don't know if I'm going to get to the office. But he can't. No, you can't. Our fast machine's messed up. 1545 Pennsylvania Avenue. It's in Miami Beach and a private residence. Oh. But the phone number is still the same. It's from the, it's from the democracy for America website. People want to go check there. They can probably find it there too if they don't, you know. Six to seven theory tonight and it says, host, 100 bucks, $50 a couple of 25 per person. What does that mean? So, you, yeah, you got to pay it again. And you can contribute $5,000. But it is a pay event for the democracy, you know, democracy for America. It's a fundraiser. It's still six to seven thirty. It's 25 bucks, you know, one for one. 100. 100. For one. For the most of the monitors you were there. That's, that's our dean organization. Exactly. Go to the website, Neil, if you're feeling a little weary. But that's his own. Oh, I'm feeling weary. I'll, right. Believe me. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. I'm feeling weary. No, absolutely not anything. I want to car up here in the ice and this still have to be a lunatic. Exactly. Brother, see it to saw grass. Okay. Good luck. Pretty much. He would cast her over. You have to saw grass. I'll see if the Eden City or I'll be doing a feed and center. Eat. That's it. Yeah, I'm looking out there. Is that looking too promising? I think you may have to take a can to get some of my duties done today. They got to like my rounds. You know, drop off our FedEx here in the single, but they're looking a little on the bluster side. Remember Mr. Bluster? No. You're doing a feed. Come on. Don't remember how do you do the show, Mr. Bluster? Princess, some are following her spring. No. Sure you do. Big now. My awesome stills of the Howdy Doody Show. Yeah, they had a stool. That's why Buffalo Bob always seems used. They had a stool in the back. That's why he's to talk to puppets all the time. That core and liquor sure is special. Yeah. All right. I guess it's the Auschwitz remember Prince Harry is going to be there. He's having a celebration. You don't understand. It's like something somber in the door test that they're coming in. You understand? He's having a party there. They're the Royal Family. 1241 and 560. We've been back. I'll tell you what. Since we worked so well on Johnny. How about we going to back the British Royal Family? That's going to be back the 20th of the year. Yeah. I don't want to fight bag. Just running around and speaking of bags that will silly purse. Oh, you see the thing? Oh, look at that. Look at what's that guy's name from the US one. What does he? Harry? What's his name? Harry Odzer. Eli Ellie Wizzell. You look at the CNN right there. Look at that hair. What does his name? Boy. Hey Donald. Ellie Wizzell. He's from the, uh, the Dupy people. He says, what do people think was going on in any way? In Auschwitz. When you roast. Is that it? Now, I'm going to say something so important just until I got sidetracked by Ellie Wizzell. And I hear what they're like. Something like just kind of close. Well, I'll come back. We're not. 1242 or 560. If I sound a little bit, first of all, the freezing day yesterday. And then of course, all that news about Hank and Joyce, I can't, I can't, I can't survive much more of this, you know, even though I keep telling myself, okay, you've got your deal done. They're actually paying you early now because they're stuck in a lot of so heavy duty with me after like, uh, incurring my wrath. Um, but it's just hard to work in a vacuum, you know? What they're doing, you look at people who don't who they, you know, we, they want to keep them around, but it's like they, uh, like keep in, you know, like you got a beautiful, I'm just, this is just hypothetical. If you had a beautiful young hot wife who was, uh, great cook and a wonderful mother and all of these things and just kept beating the crap out of her for no particular reason at all, you know, like, like, like an invitation to leave, which is what they do with Hank and Amanda, because no reason for it. Cut it out, Joyce. Stop the crap. Now speaking of crap. Yeah. You hear any background crap that's the, uh, back's the machine getting worked on. Who's working on it? We're, we're, we're trading it out in order to get it done right away. Hopefully, we don't run. Is it? We're going to get it out. Print it, print it, print it, print it, take it and grab our county. Oh, thanks to printer, taking grab our county. We love him. I'm profusely. If any call this, we'll give her a full on plug as soon as they fix it. Good. Okay. They fix it. They fix it. We're going to rip my ass. 1243 at 5. 16 WQM. Hey, if you decided to start the new year off right and lose some weight, lose some weight, like Anne Bankrod said in Fatsau. And maybe you're trying to do with the Atkins, the South Beach Sugarbusters, or some other low-carb sugar-free diet. But head forward, you like Southwest Boca. I think that the Roy's, I think it doesn't sob in the year's nothing gives it to you, but it sure does taste good. You can chew them like for hours. Even TV's biggest losers are following a low-carb diet and their weight loss is absolutely... Hey, could I even... Incredible. For years, the license up bounds of low-carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals. The license-wise book is your low-carb one-stop shop for the right supplements and best selection, and best tasting low-carb foods. Stop it and try and if they're over 1,200 low-carb product like their bread-new, chocolate-dipped cheesecake on a stick. And their famous carbolite sauce-survice cream. Their staff knows low-carb dieting inside and not and they'll have to add. And they're open every day till 10 in the PM. And don't forget to let their guaranteed lowest-priced policy on all Atkins, carbolite and pure-delight products. The license-wise book will positively not be undersold. You'll find the license on the Northeast corner of the AXN441 right next to Boston Market, or column-tool-free, 1877 low-carb that's with a W in their LOW-WC-A-RB, or on a web-low-carb.com. Don't forget to do the official Atkins retail center. The bar hammer had hammer in the morning. The main goal for the winch is to have a winch. The only thing that's in the world is to have a winch. Of course, where you'll find this piece. That is the swimming pool, Miami court-loader name. George, I read that yours for us is a discontinued search for WMDs. Those weapons and masters thrashing gotta be somewhere. George, you promised you'd find them. I will not rest. Oh, no weapons over there. George, what are you doing? No weapons over there. Mr. Bush, I switched the medication if I was you. George, chill. No weapons over there. Wait out. Heal. Time out. No help. 27 and 560 WM, speaking of your fearless leader, global warming is already hit the danger point. The international attempts to curb it are designed to avoid. According to the world's top time at watchdog, in other words, we've reached a point in return. Although, of course, there is no such thing as global warming, right? That's reassuring. That's a time to eat. Right. Dr. Regendra Pachow, the chairman of the official intergovernmental panel of time had changed. To an international conference intended by 114 governments and Mauritius this month, that he personally believes that the world has already reached a level of dangerous concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, and called for immediate and very deep cuts in the pollution if humanity is to survive. Oh, my God. His comments rocked a bush of administration, which immediately tried to slack him down, not least because it put him in the post after S.S. on the major world company, most opposed to internationalized global warming, complained that his predecessor was too aggressive on the issue. In other words, they put him in there thinking he was going to be a softy, and do a little cover up like his predecessor, and he's even more aggressive. They just can't get everybody to live for him. What does your income like? A memorandum from Exxon to the White House in early 2001 specifically asked it to get the previous chairman, Dr. Robert Watson, the chief scientist of the World Bank, replaced it to be quite to the US. The Bush administration and lobbyed other countries in favor of Dr. Pachow, who made former vice president Al Gore called the Let's Drag our Feet candidate, and got him elected to replace Dr. Watson, a British born naturalized American, and repeatedly called for urgenation. And we're Dr. Watson, 221B Baker Street, low. But this month, that a conference is small island of Elfing states on the Indian Ocean Island, the New Chairman, a former head of India's Tata Energy Research Institute at TATA, not could say another way about it or not. He himself issued what top UN officials described as a very courageous challenge. He told delegates, climate changes for real. It is real. We have just a small window of opportunity. It's closing rather rapidly. There is not a moment to lose. Said Watson. And Homer said the needle Watson quickly, the needle. Afterwards, he told the independent on Sunday that widespread dying of coral reefs and rapid melting of ice in the Arctic, and driven number of the conclusion that the danger point, the IPCC had been set up to avoid, is already been reached. In fact, Cornide is brothers and sister-ro is we're singing in the background two later, turn back now. You think? Reefs throughout the world are perishing as the seas warm up, as water temperatures rise, they lose their colors and turn a ghostly white, partly as a result of two quarter-the-world's curls have been destroyed. And to November, a multi-year study by 300 scientists concluded that the Arctic was warming twice as fast as the rest of the world, and that its ice-catheter jump up to 20% in the past three decades. It's in the great that Democrats did such a good job of making this a key issue in the election, and of pointing out this to the American public, the ice is also 40% thinner than it was in the 70s, and is expected to disappear altogether by 2070, which sets like 65 years from our hobby did, and you will soon. You too, Josh, may be not. You will. And while Dr. Pachari was speaking parts of the Arctic where having a January heat wave, temperatures 8 to 90 degrees centigrade higher than normal, 8 to 90 degrees centigrade higher, and that's just Fahrenheit, which is more, much more. He also cited allowing measurements first reported the independence on Sunday, showing that levels of carbon dioxide, the main cause of global warming, have left abruptly over the past two years, suggesting that the tonic change may be a solidary out of control. He ended up because of an air-share building of the earth's natural systems. The world was not only experiencing the result of pollution emitted in the 60s, and much greater effects would occur as the increased pollution-related decades work its way through. They concluded we are risking the ability of the human race to survive. Well my God. That's all about the climate-pinkle propaganda, cover it up. That's what your friend Bush says, that good, the devout Christian, and any rate. What's this thing that you just sent me here? What? I actually sent you something? Yeah. Well that's exciting. That means the fact that machines work. Although there's a page here that says, there's this must be your set of things on the SN there. Okay. Send error reports for the new Roger show. Some like that. Right. That's why we've heard the page that came through, the filmography, for Tom Newman, right? That was our test page where we're trying to say, oh, right. Um, a Wayne Dang. Excuse me? That's what it says. It's a, again, a 1999 Wayne Dang. That's, I don't think I've seen movies, but I have seen them in something. Oh, the last action hero. I've got to start that with an auto-loving. Man hunter. The man with one red shoe, Tom Hanks, really. Ooh. Any make-ins run. I don't think so. Easy money. Willy and Phil, are you sure? Heaven's Gate. Maybe I saw Heaven's Gate. Chris, Christoph, just... Oh, God. And a bunch of other stuff. Okay, well, I'll put that in the bottom of my pile. Right underneath the Johnny. Johnny. There's going to be, I don't have another panel. I've got to have Edmund Man tonight in 20 more panels on Johnny Carson. What do you say, huh? Uh-huh. God, what a disgusting piece of turd you are, Larry, to know you as to despise you. How can I sound so filled with hate today? I think Joyce did it to me, you know? I don't know. I wasn't such a good mood to pay for it. It's kicked ass last night. Oh, contest. It was just a... I'm a high-end, a watch-ed. Oh, it was great. Even after, like, sawing out. And of course, they agreed dinner with Chris. What's not to like, right? Right? Nice big juicy rib eye. I've never tried to cowboy rib eye. I've just got the bone in, you know? The big, big, heavy duty steak. No, I have that. I mean, that's a big woman. That's for big eaters. I like the taste. Do you know what I mean? It's like petite filet. Like for little... That petite... petite... petite, like little feet. Five, six, seven, oh, and it's good little bite. Oh, boy. I'm not talking about little feet on your legs. I'm talking about little feet singing. They're trying to sing. Why are you like a little feet? I didn't have a problem with it. Get out of here. That's because you never worked as a lady with pity, bolder hair. A little feet of session man. He was obsessed with little feet. He had a feet fetish. Yes. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. I have a corn siding over the weekend. Yeah. I'm John Dumaid's Io. And I thought the boat wasn't supposed to be on until tonight. But he's yet to be on the weekend. He's got a lot of fun. I thought it wasn't supposed to be on until tonight. But he's yet that re-tread sports trivia show on already Saturday. What do you mean? Oh, where the every answer to the first question is A. Oh, brother. Oh, boy. I almost pulled over the car and threw up. Isn't that something must be part of his deal? Wherever he goes, he gets to the horror Saturday morning deal with that pretty actual. He's pulling over to be a famous scams. That old. Wow. The only difference is this one wasn't sponsored by the engine. Bonsed by another company. Another scam, man. I'll come back to the bag. I'm telling you. Thanks. I guess that guy's right. The radio pollution says not just carbon dioxide. Maybe it's the airways that are polluting so bad. You think that could be it. Maybe that's why the whole world is going to hell in a handbag. All the soil that's polluting coming out of your speakers coming out of radars. Of course, I don't think that would be because not to many people are listening to these things that like what he's talking about. Yeah, see, very jackass. You're not full on anybody. That 1400 goes belly up pretty much in these right in there. Oh, well, you know, the facing problems with the crappy signal. I know it again here. And also ESPN 790 and like an afters our QM 560. Then had the big numbers in the book on Friday, Barry. Big humongous, smelly numbers. Huge big fat numbers. Okay. And ESPN radio. Well, let me just say this. Yeah, like that. And I would play the far side. But we can't. Joyce. I would be a microphone a little bit. You'll be. I mean, I'm going to tell you. If they didn't have to your rosé, man, as well. Shut that transmitter off. I asked. You know, guys. For the same dribble moving around from one spot on the dial to another spot on the was 60, 17 hundred to fan 14 hundred, our 790. Just all these same people are wanting a car or foster want to play radio. Want to play sports radio. I'm a sports expert. Yeah, still got it. And then I'll advance to it. Okay. Oh, the marlins did win the world series. The Cubans. We wanted the Cubans. Okay. What did this disgusting? I mean, it's in the same company. That would be like if we like it for who does he play for now? Jeff Garcia. The Browns. No, that's right. The Browns were the super bowl I've ever like in the night. Of course they won't. But if they did, we'd like something Jeff Garcia said. Oh, what the Browns, the team did when it's the fags one. Yeah. It's just stupid like like that. Right? Wouldn't that be disgraceful and disgusting? It might be honest, but disgusting. The Browns. You're not off to the Browns. See, this is a little classic bait and switch. You know, get a bunch of people. Put a certain uniform on them. And then like, oh, here. Poof. You're to clean the Browns, you know. Poof. Like the dolphins. Think about you like like AJ touchy. You're feeling put a uniform on. Hey, poof. You're a quarterback. You know, like the quarterback I ever seen. Who's going to be the dolphin quarterback next season Josh? Probably him. Are you serious? Oh, it thinks so. Probably him AJ touchy. Feeling you have to be Kim. You have to be. This is what the next statement is. Okay. That's what we have when we're waiting. I said we have to. You got to wait 9 minutes. You saved me a freaking petty feeling. Oh, my God. Exactly. You're a 60. You're a 60. You're a 60. I'm a 60. And I'm up and about to take a slap in all the women with a painted lips. I ran the pole. I listened to the new Rogers one to two. I mean, I just didn't know the Rogers parent balance one to two hours. What the f-. Oh, the little- Bracom. I just so breathed, star-wagoned, strong. All right. I was squirming in my seat, oh, boy. That's all, Lily. Cos I'm talking about his gorgeous fur. Bracom. She believed I was going to be in. Yes. Back then the mouth opened warm to me. Where's the shoes of the shooters? Because I know the spirit of the more snow. And even these other girls, things just meant- Are you sure? Cos Bracom is such a solid face. Her hair, hair, hair, hair, hair. So the shoes, baby, I know one love, hope is next to the moon. I'm sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're sure you're and I heard beep beep and I of course you're like into a hero when you wake up and like something had happened you know like the power went on because even though you were asleep like when you're afraid you're ready to go off or just a little sense of when the power is running sure like that he does on and also like everything goes and you wake up and I heard beep beep and it was the power pack here that we have in the studio you know right the battery pack that runs for like a half an hour every that one time on a year and then I had to do the rest of the part of the show on the phone and that was the first inkling I had that something was not kosher I looked after window and all the neon lights were not good. The only stop lights not good. Hey Josh, come in here take a hit of this. And you think people there don't do the four way stop real good? Holy Toledo man is Rick Weaver would say. How's Rick Weaver doing? Huh? I'm feeling okay. I can smell that on this page. Whew! How's that possible? This is my paper. How's that building building? Contact. Oh no, it's snow effects. Holy cow. Let's see, here on PR Ralph, it's his facts. It says, I hate you and we'll tell you why. On Saturday, take the white to 2 jays daily. A great motsomol soups away of lunch. Then she wants to go see the puppies. I said no but 700. Hahaha! Oh, that's his great. It's the power of THE OGO! 700 buss later. We now have 2 Jack Russell theories and I have a drinking prowl. I love the Dawgs, I'll thanks to you. There you go PR Ralph, be good under the Dawgs. You can call one of them, need a one of them during. Thank you. comes to produce you don't like little feet they wrote a song about you I don't like little feet This is Batman and Bat All I can hear another system coming to that's why I was blowing and stone before but guess where it's all going right now You know something see one thing I would rather be in Florida than and ever it'd be anywhere the Nuts state in the York Upstate if Lord is the anus of the universe then Upstate the York is like the colon it's like the Liver it's all the sludge and you know the liver is like a cleansing thing all the sludge and what goes through your That's up to this whole system is all this gone through here to so stop There's like about a timid radio guess where this big blob of mong is going right now Right at you throughout it no That's what I'm trying to take somebody going through here mister. It's going right to Buffalo and Rochester when I think of and Syracuse Qs Yeah, oh, how does anybody ever survive growing up in upstate New York didn't even cannon they were panyan around a quote Honey Roy falls only on to all these things all these things all the needs connected to the And you know what the other one part of the tri-city's all the needs connected in Troy. Oh for Tony is Buffalo and the Pew and Hamburg Anyway, here's a fact from Bill and for a lot of Dale where it helps evenly Lisa's although there been many musicians and artists throughout history Who've been more popular after that? I would say the one we came most popular ever having practically no notoriety doing his tragic life With little bit of Beethoven look at one good choice bill good one little bit of on duck ps what does that say? I don't know got a screen oh, that's the a Jeff Garcia thing. Okay, oh, do we still have that where do we have that just for a scene drop on The vault you got a touch got a screen You got it no, oh He's got a story taken out. We just can't find it. I just didn't that remember what it was under it It's not the audience remember you have to know the exact name of it. So very yeah Thank God that passion didn't the stickers with that remember that that the one for the passage We're trying to put a list that that audio vault and remember when when Greg first got the audio Well, we got the audio out of it. We still play mushy cards for like six months afterwards. It was all over Ema for who? Yeah, right I that was said that should have told us everything we need to know when we first started on this radio station They were playing money old cards I'm talking commercials commercials that people were paying a lot of money for All the back in the beginning the only thing we had on were like sports books and Lymph a year to response that's it right. It's it right. It had a quesies right and then that's all we had They had nothing on the air like Greg said So you came here we had no ratings to which I said But you might as well look at the hapory man dog. I've been waiting still because everybody loves them now See might as well want to take care of them and get that joy softener back and stop trying to play fast and lose with their lives I think I think you're right. I think the man dogs are lost cause it did. I hope not But I think I think they've changed him away. I think he'll do the professional thing he'll play his time off the rest of the year and then he'll be gone Which would be really sad? L. Mers says could you add this is a very good one Princess Diana and also a sports figure Pat Tillman that those are both very good ones because unless you're a sports nerd Whoever heard a pet film and right I mean he's a good play right but most people certainly wouldn't have heard a pet film And what after he died in Afghanistan he was like a superstar Great as opposed to all these other soldiers who died in a racking Afghanistan We'd like three second and I got to be honest with you as much as I watched CBS even news for years and will At very disturbing you ever see the thing they do on their fallen heroes a lot of quarter up Yes, that's disturbing to me because it's like Like legitimizes the fact that these people are being made a human sacrifice and instead It's kind of like this glorious and all they love their family and they love the football Yeah, whatever, you know it it's like legitimizing their death like they fought for some glorious cause They're just human sacrifice. I don't know I can taste a little bit of the backhandedness of that when they do it They always close it by you know, they're you know their their friend says it No, I said it's way too esoteric you think your average smoke out there gives that no No, I think people really work in that but the average is very joe author's and oh well There's nothing they died for their career right L. Mers says Princess Diana look at that the adana excellent choice Elmer and he also pets them and you got those two under we got him now what does that thing call? Princess Guy is gone is gone. There's Prince Harry again boy. Oh boy. What a piece don't get in that Mercedes We're begging please If you I Is It's really fortay for 11 it's a one on nine and five sixty-one you can speak it a women Afghan women still in chains under cars. I how do you like that and here I thought that the F. Kansas They had that wonderful glorious election freedom of yours away now what freedom is all the March freedom John and Mars is no question about that Man in chains just the way I like it no Jennifer these are women in chains Sharifa data quotas to a little daughter Krishma Krishma in process has never seen the outside world who is born in prison He'll be at least three when she's released her mother's crime running away from home Kabul central jailhold female prisoners who's only crime is the refusal to be second-class citizens Sharifa was 12 years old when she was forced to vary a 30 year old man But third man He may need to be again prostituting her but she referred with two-ish image of her family and who would be to her if she complained After three years she gained enough confidence to run away with was caught 15 minutes from her parents house by the Taliban as a woman traveling on a row And accompanied by a male family member she was committing a crime when the Taliban realized she was also fleeing her husband She was instantly in prison. She was released after six months before three turned to her prison a year later She fled was caught again receiving a longer sentence only this time her captives are going to install by the American leg coalition And president Hamid Karzaz Afghanistan women are still in prison for running away from home and it goes on so it's on our website Yep, they again Russian news media. They don't want to give you the real stuff if you want to know what's going on in the world look on the internet Okay, scourine and especially for like Websites from like you Europe anywhere anywhere outside of the USA For a few of our ultra left wing websites that actually tell a little bit of what's really going You really believe this liberal crap. Yes, yes, I do. I don't believe it. I know it I know it to be true just like you know Jesus walk the earth Jesus Christ in sackcloth and ashes That was so but no diseases who's with a J Job. Oh, Job mama. I thought was Joseph his name with he's he autographed that toilet tank. That's right. Yeah, he said thanks a lot everybody You It's that Comey step on I your step on something. They'll let me cross up Look at all Look at all and you cross Yeah, it's Charlie Now let me ask you some of them when he came back when he had this whole resurrection thing and did they say here Jesus did they do that? Yeah, they've been great if only man would have been there and there was they's probably more people believe that of course Look at how many people believe it now all these great 2000 years later this building them very soon doubting Thomas was able to stick his fingers in the holes. Yeah, well Okay, probably Jeff Garcia know something about that even though we don't have that bit Let's see who best fits this description someone who became more popular after they croaked Jesus 243 holy God Jesus Christ are you here again James Dean 44 Elvis 42 Nicole Simpson 40 we hate you O. J. We now why couldn't have been O. J. Instead of Johnny Carson Huh, hey, here's O. J. We're not even great We want you to die O. J. That's just an ordinary pedestrian. We hope to get rid of her by a Mac truck I will take anything and that of course if you get rid of her by Mac truck you'd be like real suddenly I've talked about like long slow and painful So like maybe just server some artery or something just bleed to that out on the highway like maybe on sunset and kind of Column cancer. It'll be good Elvis 42 so James Dean is past Elvis. I think that's appropriate Nicole Simpson 40 Bruce Lee 18 Boy, it's a big drop down after that Maryland and Ro 17 2 fact 15 Kirk O'Bane 15 J. F. 13 Jim Morrison's got 12 Vincent Van Gogh 11 check this spelling Bob Marley eight By the way, I don't want to get into a thing on the air, but since I have no other way to do it This thing with Eric and these stories on the website I want to apologize to the audience the fact Josh has had problems with bell sounds or whatever and so his home computer is like Caput in my ride. It's a good way of putting it. Yeah, it's piece of crap and it can't just like George was having for months and years And so actually we've spent a lot of time I guess it's just practice makes perfect his the idea So I email all these great news stories and I spend two hours every day like even on a weekend Cindy stories that I find out that they never get on there because Josh can't get him at home in America course he's busy It's chasing around our Being a curtain thing change in old era as opposed to like you know coming up with some way that we can get to the zone there And we can when I send them so anybody that thought boy you have the same crap on here all weekend No, we really don't what we do but we don't we don't say we do what we don't what he said Like Jesus he was the savior, but he wasn't see what I'm saying. I mean they be going up on the weekends No, yeah, but just no Okay, no Trust me the stories I didn't even bother sending any for yesterday because there was no point because the ones I sent for Saturday They never made it on there. You said one right no I did not well, I wouldn't know I would send one story you did you are dreaming Mr. You must be hallucinating You must have really had a while weekend You and would you ever believe that I would send one story I called Eric just to make sure and yeah That we were boggled as well for for for a Saturday or for yesterday For yesterday I didn't send any for yesterday because Saturday's new man I said it doesn't for Saturday never go on there So I thought to myself well first of all how can I send it anyway? Cause I didn't have any power here all day. She muck hey, he can prove it Mr. All the time or yeah, how do you like that? It got you're not many like that five minute witnesses here. We didn't have no power So I was I'm gonna send you a story. I'm in Josh comproved you got your email time and date coded Right pull it up Yeah pull it out 150 and please don't at five sixty wq. I'm what was your new year's resolution was it to lose some of that big fat Flab if you're sitting in your desk right now when your car and you feel like I'm buckling your belt cuz June is busting out all over maybe you are maybe I'm doing that top button on your skirt like I've done maybe you've already done it Balance for life a little bit of a new five meals a day every day based on the Lyley poppetersone diet invented by Dr. Brian a very serious five meals a day needs to lose weight five Feeding sedation satisfied even a fatdest of the fat and the best part of the deal is balanced for life is the only meal delivery Covenant offer menu choices this go to balance for life.com on a web and check it out and tell yourself with all kinds of delicious But he's stay off at a bobba ganotion digging to these real good time blueberry pancakes you'll free cheesecake. You have a thin tuna burger real filet with parsley potatoes Which I do like parsley potatoes and even a chicken and chicken and veggie pizza and all you snorberries and softwater for the winter time check it out Because they can tell the meals to your specific needs to if you don't think you're over right well Maybe you're fooling yourself just take the simple BMI test the balance for life.com go to the bottom of the page and click on body mass index If your story's over 25 you are chubby man. You need balance for life So instead of waiting if you really want to lose that weight this year pull over to the side of the road Put that pin down right now and get on the horn and the phone two call balance for life 86 225 4543 that's one eight six six 225 4543 or like I said on the web balance for life.com Okay Beaties built isn't bawd it all the chase rank often more that's no lie Oh, there's no speaker. No speaker, the community would like to know. Otherwise, high-use, you can look at how many of these buildings. I'll see. Oh, do you hear that? Oh, look at better sheep. No input. Oh, look at the sheep. Oh, look at the sheep. Oh, look at the sheep. Oh, look at the sheep. Oh, look at the sheep. Oh, look at better sheep. No input, probably. Yeah, right. I don't get no front of that sheep. I saw him working on his big eyebrows. All ready? You came here off the bathing. But we can all do. defended automatically. Put up the tricks. Well, everyone must have thought that guy. Come here baby, I mean, then you'll see I speak for a moment. Blue's King, which does a hanky pain. Blue's King, which does a hanky pain. Blue's King, which does a hanky pain. Blue's King, which does a hanky pain. Blue's King, which does a hanky pain. No! No! No! No! No! What's funny is that I sent you WQMA for many encampling. She just started to report it for making up a story about a couple of an English son Yahu as a sign of gratitude for meeting over the internet. Do you hear this story? Yep. Well, it turns out that don't hear it because it's a Hokes. Not that there's any Hokes on the English. You understand that? It could never happen. He made up a story that they named their son Yahu. Earlier this month, Major Booker Res Daily, Libra Tatia published a story saying two Raleignians had named their Yahu and printed the picture of his birth certificate. It was his wife. They picked up on the internet. As your president would say, the internet's. It was the reporter's child birth certificate, which he modified said Simone, I'm an escu. But that's right. We had that on the other day. Remember? Because I couldn't pronounce the name then, right either. We fired him. We fired it at the guy because he made it up. She said, I am darn odd. I don't work for the paper for some of it. You just had admitted inventing the story to look good. If it were real, would have been a good story. Indeed, I an escu said, Garno was not available for college. That's got a good idea. We need boring there, huh? Look at it. Since Valadade, it just seemed to seem as used to being a woman Hit talk. What do you mean? Here? That's the bottom board. Oh, God. I'd rather go through the snowstorm again. I'd rather go through the 12 hours without power yesterday. Am I frozen ankles? See, I still don't wear socks. I can't wear socks. Right? Because being that, I bet if they mess up my ankles and Cut off the circulation and stuff like that. So, no matter how cold it is, I don't wear socks. So, not like my ankles and it's like, It's like, I already, you know, like, Maybe you got like freezer burn on my feet, you know? I see. You know, I'm talking about? You're right. Yeah, well, don't do that. Don't do one. Well, I'd rather have that. I mean, it's just a temporary thing. You've sure some stuff on it. It's there, okay. I didn't like, you know, Frostbite, yet. But I'd rather have that than like, Cut off all the circulation in my ankles. So, it helps in very warm boots that have nice Lines, you know, or socks. Oh, get boots, get outta here, man. You have to talk about a lot of, you know, You know, you know, a ton of boots. Yeah. Just nice boots, like fleece-lined boots. They'll feel good on your feet. No, you know what kind of person? I can't say it because Joyce again, I've said, But let me give you a clue, the kind of person. You know, that cat food, pussy boots. Yeah. That's the kind of person that wears boots. Well, if you have to talk about regular or nerd boots, I'm talking about it in the wintertime. We'll avoid looking a little snow in your shoe or something like that. What's wrong with a snow in your shoe? Nothing, if you're not going to be out there alone. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, only Verizon. And sing you the wireless line. WKOM, hello. Hey, hey, you know, pretty good. I got one for the puller, is it a long way? I'll just give it to you. And you're on right now, man. And you can't keep working with your dad. Just give it. I'll go near you at the shadow and put it in, Frank. And Frank, yeah, very good one, good choice. And it's great. And for everybody, we're sending regards. Thanks. Have fun, Charlie. Yeah. And Frank, whoever had an infranc in, and when she was up there, and he, that would be very bad taste if I play that, what is that very cool? Well, what is that very cool? Well, what about a bit called Jews in the attic? Oh, no. In the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloydwebbers, Jews in the attic, the end Frank Dyeries. You'll leave the fear, humming those catchy tunes, like no more beans. I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till it not, he's going home. I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic. Van Frank Dyeries. CD available now. Well, look at that. Tended two. I guess, must be sending me some of these. The ratings break down down. Men 2554. We had a 9.6 year. And this is 10 to two. Right. CMQ FM was second 69. I was through it. Six three. And spread to that humongously, several days. And the entire winterbook is done. It's going to take three months for that to happen. But what that's done, that the simmer's going to drop off in this appear. So unless they can get a bunch more right wingers to wire their diaries, like they didn't December, that's going to vanish. Just swear with some vanishing cream. Well, that's pretty interesting. Did you see it? I'll look at that right now. Yeah. Now, let's see. What about Waxi? How about that Waxi manager? They're kicking ass. Well, let's go down to list. Okay. Hot 105. Big 48. That was because that great lead in the Paul and Old Run. XDJ, life, post, EDR, MIB, power. This is meant 25 to 54, 10 aim to 2PM. WMXJ, magic, 3.6. Not bad. They kind of hang around the same number. So all of us die. Love 94. Oh, geez. Kiss and party. Oh, brother. The party's over Disney. I'm not going to waste my time playing that thing. Azzaeda. See this got a 2-2. Right. Do you believe that? What kind of a name is that for us? One's for him by Kimba. A big fat 2-2. Once we're by Big fat Kimba. You'll come, uh, must much of them Kimba. AMR audio on more one nine waves. INCA, M1.7. That's, uh, that's the goddess, of course. And Al Franken, a cast in Lamper with a 1.7 share. Kick an ass. RMA, Rario Romancia. Slave. Rario Mumbi, 105. Pretty weak. Why 100, 105? No, they're too old for them. Rario Ridmo is a down at 1-3. Waxi, a 1.2. All my god. How do you like that? Tied for 25. Tied for number 25. Tied with WQBA, No Speed English, Ikea. Uh, just, well, I see after that KAT with a 0.2. And WDN, and the radio FA, FA, 0.1. WACC, WNBM and WNA, M8, that's Mr. Ego station. Have a, I'll have, I'll have, I'll have, I'll have, I'll have. Let me say it again. Oh, oh, oh. Wow. And guess who doesn't even sure up tended to, Bill Rario, the O'Ralee factor. Oh, my god. WFTL, a 50 on the dial. Uh, and does he show it off? Oh, he has like a 0.1. Oh, nothing. Maybe his big hour is 2-3. Oh, man. The O'Ralee factor. My big fat ass. Oh, brother. That's something. Talk about a hype job. And by the way, Kashi missed it. You still then? Lone 28 at 5.60 W to QMH if you're less than 50 grand last year, you aren't making even chicken feed, man. You better get with it. If you did, then Stanford career chains as our suggestion. Pick up that phone right now. It's called a refocic fast-rain tool-free. 1-866 fast-rain. Because these folks can have a train to ready for new hype-hank career. And just four short months. Fast-rain offers high-demand high-paker-rear training. If you love computers, ever thought of becoming a computer never-professional, here's your chance to do it. Call fast-rain. Get on board. Call 1-866 fast-rain. This quiz more would say, hot dog half-a-board. The demand for computer professionals is in all-time high. And fast-rain like I said, can't be trained. And ready for that new money-making career. And just four short months. Fast-rain's got locations all over town. It is about to be won nearby you. They're in Kendall. Miami. September 5th and 4-Lauderdale. And fast-rain even offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify too. They evening-week-in classes forming at fast-rain right now. So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts, ah, here's your chance to get out of that dead end. Call fast-rain today. 1-866 fast-rain. You know what? Seems a meal. Rogers. Resume. Fast-rain. You a-am. I like meals, Paul. It's widely believed that they fear some reports that might be coming out, accusing one of the other as cheating or as likely as they could. Ugly in the press that they wanted to come out unified and say we decided to separate more friends and respect our privacy. Sure. Two. Two. They were through Jennifer and Brad Biddy. Who the fuck am I drunk? Cause I thought that day last forever. Who is too late? Why this blitz? Did it join us, feel this dip in? No silence. No shake-lead. Man, I thought that day last forever. Shining and brass day. That still remains friends. But that's what they all say. When a relationship ends that of change, way to see. When they appear before judge shooting, she'll say, have a stay. He'll claim she might betray me. Cause when it's over, and all that is wrong, each of them will blame the other. That's right. It's wrong. That's what they say. One thirty two or five six. You can't be money to you. See we're not going to get depressed anymore. It's the most depressing day of the year. It's just fine. Yeah. We're fine. Let's see. Here's the hour by hour with a shower of power. Find the six A.M. This is the entire rating period. Find the six A.M. a little on the weak side. Who that was on then? Sporting news radio. Oh, huh? Right. Wouldn't it be poor Howard? We're talking October November and December. Right? Right. So we're sporting news radio with a zero point. Ray, uh, one point six year. Pretty weak. Very weak. Then look at that. Stern comes on there at the six to clock. A seven point. Oh, I'm going. How he. Thanks by the way for bringing some people back to the M radio. How he before you left. Then in the seven o'clock, our Stern had a seven point seven share. In the eight o'clock, our six five nine o'clock six one. Ten o'clock, our week, come on sometime in here eight point six. Oh, letter clock hour 10 point three. Oh. New hour nine point eight. One to two hour nine point eight. Two to three. Look at the mad dog there nine point four. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. To the clock hour eight point four. Before we're going to hangs for the seven. Keep in mind that somebody was on there for the. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. It's weeks why Hank was getting that it was vice suspension. That we paid a price for it wasn't just because I would think that all a wide die at the reason December we got screwed in December. If just Hank would have been on a whole rating period. There, and he have to known. We, to made the full bonus for you all. Same. A sand station. Are you second guessing people again? Yes, because the mad dog's got a nine for an eight for an And it for it's a five point five o'clock four point nine six A clock three five and then after that in tank. But how do you like that? How do you like our numbers there huh? 8.6 10. We'll settle for these mediocre numbers. Yeah, we'll settle for these mediocre numbers. I like that. The overrated the garage show right that kicks him serious fat ugly ass. Which these numbers like I told him just preparing you for the because, you know, when you're a student of this crap. When we lose October we're going to be settled with that growth test in December. It wasn't growing like September. Was that not good? Week. 2m saying right still. But still eventually when a whole when a book comes out that December will drop off right at the end. Just like that drop right off like a zero. Uh huh. Right on the flow. So there's some pretty interesting numbers there. So Stern was doing fine. But, uh, what can I say? What can we say about that whole deal? The whole deal was just ill-fated from the beginning. And it's five of the fat. Well, I don't want to go through it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. What's the point? I'm beating a dead horse. Oh, forget Ed McMan is going to be on with Larry King. Did I come a little far? Uh huh. Make me feel like a teenager those two. I guess probably it would have been on the panel last night. But they probably had to sober him up for a second. Uh huh. WCWAM, hello. Yes. How are you doing Neil? Pretty good, pal. Yes. I go back to the days before a madman mo. Oh, Aaron. Um. Um, Alfred, Gal team. Aaron, my Pantel are right in pieces, right. Did Aaron remember seeing you, like it? Uh, the gentleman share a chopplown chop on sons that strip. Son he's can fast shopped? Yes. On sons that stripping University? It never hurt of it. Oh. Well, anyway. Um, I got a couple of good ones for this one. Okay. Rex Taylor, the cowboy and majors of Maudzi ason. That's correct. Hahaha. ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. just forget about it. Okay. Tell me, you're going to have a little meal? Yes sir. I'm going to have two for the bread. Okay. It is lazy peaters and yeah. And Bob, I'll retire. Okay. I think the alliance do we're calling from the same ship, right? Like right in the edge of the stairs, same bar. Right. Five, six, seven, five and you know, they all have a pair. They all have a pair. Which best fits? Who best fits? Not what 20 people you know? Not the list, list all the people you can start from 80 Z. 80 Z. But you know, who best fits the description? But that's okay. We're in the waning moment anyway. We're not waning? Yes, waiting. Now five, look to these numbers. And I thought to myself, oh, I will my lose the mad dog. I think I would do it. I would get on my hands and knees just like they just about it with me. Oh, please don't send those search back. Please can't we get this deal done? I would do the same thing. I would, if I were to always I'd be in there on my knees, a 201 staff note, actually a 159 before that's your starts and looking at your mad dogs, knees and ankles and anything they could and say, can't we please whatever you want. We're worried about however you want. And we'll even up the ante a little bit. And please don't go nowhere. Please. That's what I would be doing right now. And then tomorrow at 6.58 the morning and we do the same thing with old fat over. I'd be on my knees with the hot words what I would be doing. Go on these people. They just keep playing fast in those with everybody's emotions. Keep making it feel like you're unwanted like you're some kind of swirl. Oh, what do you want? You only had a nine share. My God. It's just amazing how any outfit can be a successful as this one in spite of the management ownership. It's like they want to throw up like any 500 roadblocks. Every time you come out of the box, here's a whole bunch of roadblocks to see if we can't knock your ass down. W2AM, hello. Good. Finally. Congratulations on the rating's news. I think it's wonderful for you. I hope you get a big fan ass. Just like the Patriots did in Pittsburgh last night. I got a question for you. Did they give you bonuses? Are you going to get paid more as a result of this? Sure. I hope you do. Because I mean, you know, the fruits from the pudding, baby. You kicked everybody else as you know what? Didn't you? Asked you. Yeah. You kicked everybody else as you know what? Didn't you? Asked me. I'll tell you. Okay. I'm going to ask one of the questions now. What the hell happened to how we're starting? Why is he not on your list? So they could chop this short, like a meat and a meat grinder, but all those dumps in there. And number two why they took them off. They only they can answer the question. Don't look at me. What? What kind of incompetent is trying to ramp it over there? I mean, now you're getting warm man. Now you got your thumb right on it, baby. In case. Me, I'm not going to go negative today. I'm just going to second congratulations. It's wonderful news. Keep up the great work and congratulations to your team over there. You're doing a nice hot. We're doing it. We're kicking ass in spite of our lady manager. We call her mismanagement. I mean, Greg, he ain't the manager anymore in name only. He's got these. They're impotent. All the vagra, all you see, have us in the world. I can like, but you're up again. She's the one who's wearing a pants in this family. Now, Joyce over our Naples man, she's goose stepping through the place. She likes like creating a forest fire. It's just running ramp it out of control. You know what that forest fire is doing? What? What? What? What? W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. k. W. W. black. W. W. Come up. Oh, what a fool, what a one. Wh. K. W. W. W. W. While I've got in a while. The power of your native cow food is too wide or finely fire yet. Yay. The land is iron and we'reifying it for pleasure and time itself. We're telling you to make your bird home the next day. We are moving it over here. And then the east to the south coast, Oh god, they're all dead. Twenty-two or five, sixty-one, but pretty interesting. I have no idea what went on here. I'm in coherent from yesterday. But amazingly not sick. I don't understand that. Not that I want to be sick, but when you fully end to, you know what that's like, you know? I don't. You're all willing to put positive at you're going to be sick and have been ammonia just done. And I'm not. I don't know what it is. The sick of Joyce, I'll tell you that. The main man Anthony Kelly, and over to 7th Capitol mortgage says it's time for our New Year's resolutions. Like most Americans pay off your credit cards, lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash when and out pulled it out. And investing in real estate are at the top of that list. So I'm full of what the hottest real estate markets in the US. So why keep so much equity in your house or pay those high interest rates? The main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community in this year. They've partnered with Kids in Distress. But the track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abuse in the elected children each year, acceptance capital is donating the portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause. And if you're in the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations too. So call the main man Anthony Kelly and over, toll free. It's 1-88-8-483 loan. That's 1-Trippily for A3 loan or go to the mainman.com and fill out that application right online. Call him today 1-Trippily for A3-L-O-A-N. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. Mark Tartin and a voice that's for a loan. We'll offer you some secret mechanical value. And if you're in the mortgage business, you can't get the money. We put the button on the left side of this loan rate to the lower 10th floor give you with your choice so much to the appointed views. So may not doubt that this will come as a show. And this part of the daily everyone can't flow. We'll go! We won $45.600 a QA. And even if you know what that means, you know what it means? I mean? I know you know what I mean. Santa Democrats put off a vote on White House Council, Alberto Gonzalez's nomination to be Attorney General, complaining he provided evasive answers to questions about torture about torture and the mistreatment of prejudice, but Gonzalez's most surprising answer may have come on a different subject. His role in helping President Bush escape jury duty in a drug-indriving case involving a dancer in Austin's strip club in 1996. The judge and other lawyers in the case last week disputed a written account of the matter provided by Gonzalez to the Senate Judiciary Committee. It is a complete misrepresentation said David Walberg attorney for the dancer about Gonzalez account. Bush's summons to serve as a juror on the drug-indriving case was in retrospect a faithful moment in his political career. By getting excused from jury duty, he was able to avoid questions that a blood of required him to disclose his own 1976 arresting conviction for driving out of the influence of alcohol and kidded on court maine. And incident that then become public until the closing days of the 2000 campaign. Bush who had publicly declared his willingness to serve had left blank on his jury court, near whether he'd ever been accused of the criminal case. As by Senator Patrick Lehi described in detail, the only court appearance he ever made a behalf of Bush, Gonzalez who was then chief counsel of the Texas Governor, wrote a statement that he had accompanied Bush that he went to court prepared to serve on a jury. While here, Gonzalez wrote he observed that a fancier make a motion to strike Bush on the jury panel to wish to prosecute it and not object. As by the judge, whether he had any views on this Gonzalez recall, he said he did not. While Gonzalez account tracks with the official court transfer, he believes how to keep part of what happened that day according to Travis County Judge David Crane. In separate interviews, Crane along with Walberg and prosecutor John Lasterica told news week that before the case began, Gonzalez asked to have an off-the-record conference in the judges chamber, Gonzalez then asked Crane to consider striking Bush from the jury, making him a novel conflict of interest argument that the Texas Governor might one day be asked to pardon the defendant who worked at an Austin nightclub called Shivers the judge said. He Gonzalez raised the issue, Crane said, Crane said, Crane said he found Gonzalez's arguments surprising since it was extremely unlikely that a drug and driving conviction would ever lead to a pardon petition to Bush. But out of difference to the Governor, Crane said, the other lawyer is one long. Walberg said he agreed to make the motion striking Bush because he didn't want the hard line Governor on his jury anyway. But there was a little bit of a month before the participants said to what was going on. In public they were making a big show of how he was prepared to serve said Crane in the back room that we're trying to get him off. So to speak. Chief, it sounds like an actual guard thing. Yeah. Gonzalez, we refuse to waver. Judge Gonzalez has no recollection of requesting a meeting in chambers. They see you right now as a official sent and in that while Gonzalez did recall that Bush's potential conflict was discussed, he said he never requested that Bush be excused, is instantly sent and questioned his accurate the official sent and of course we knew that's a big freaking lie. But you know what they say, birds of a feather lie together. Right, great. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. So what do you think of these numbers? Pretty impressive. Yeah, what do you think? Yeah, what do you think? I'm impressive. I'm wondering, Shane, that we got screwed on in the first one as an extra whatever, a couple of shackles there. I've actually charged last month to his bonus money because of more. Yeah. Are you not going to make bonus for the ratings, Josh? I guess you didn't want to tell them that this is the rating book you're buying them at TV. Yeah, that was good. I was supposed to be surprised. Sorry, I spiraled it for you. Okay, Toro, I was going to remind him. I'm sorry. I still can't get over the fact that I had to hurry around Friday and it really scares me because a lot of times when I talk about somebody is going to be dead, they're dead. It's the power baby. I got the power choice, 560560 pound, 560 only for rising in senior wireless lines. Just the ass into this storm is blowing out. There's nobody to storm like a system. You know what I mean? Like a system. But it's developing a storm as it goes over the West Endily Country and entered Buffalo and Angola and Hamburg and the Pew and John Sound and El Maira and the Palmira and Canada and they went to New England, Binghamton and Enbicot and if the guy, how do you like that? Well, upstate the, I was especially Buffalo and his dear old worst place in the world in Buffalo. Oh, even Bangladesh has got to be a light years ahead, you know? Anything. Buffalo is just, they keep saying, you know, so such or places the A-ness or the armpit of the university. If that's the case then what is Buffalo? Huh? I don't want to say it. We can't say it. Can't say it. Can't even say it. I think it has something to do with raccom. Thank you, A-m-hello. Yeah, I mean, I got two more to your Paul. Two more, two more. So, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And, uh, Rosio Dahl that she died? Not yet, but well, you know, we're, that's a good one to work on next weekend. Our rate trial is not bigger after death than he was in life as ridiculous. I'm afraid of it. That's just ridiculous. And I'm adding your positions here. Can't afford to look like a jackass. Thank you, A-m-hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes. I checked that democracy for Uncle website. He had me thinking about that Pennsylvania Avenue and it's on there if you have George or Josh look just, uh, you know, the Pennsylvania Avenue thing. But if you look on there, it is legit. Right. I knew it's legit, but you know what? I never even thought of it when I looked at that Pennsylvania Avenue. I laughed to myself as the Holy Holy Schmidt, you know. I think you're saying, you think you're some irony in there? Absolutely. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow. Okay. Have a good time. Say hi to you. Thanks. Everybody, how he deemed, maybe he'd a man. We love it. How he, they did the same thing to him that they did so very well. They like, you know, he made him out to be a wacko. He's, uh, he's a hot head. He's irresponsible. He's, uh, a wacko. And we're, and they did a very good job. And they're doing a lot of them after the whole thing was over Carl Robson. Oh, yeah, we were scared to death of Dean. We wanted to carry to be the iPhone. And we were scared to the, Dean would have won by 10 points. He could kick his ass. Because you see, Dean didn't have that one. He didn't have the one liability that carry in. And that was the, the war issue. He was in the beginning. Right. He had the balls to come out and tell them like it is. Sure. And they were going to come out and sing your time, rage for the lying piece of phonic craft that he was. And of course, there was Julie, I know, Tom, where you'll never forget that Sunday, man, a Sunday that will live in infamy that the numbers and the Schleptown Jewelie Breman. You talk about sleeping with the enemy, right? He did a great job for them in 2000. He did a great job again for them in 2004. And the mole I see in the wide as spies in Julie, Breman. I hope he doesn't need any bad kishki this week. But that would be bad. Wouldn't it float and something out there, right? Yeah. Hey, Jewelie Breman. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Hey. Let's go. Oh. Oh. I'm tired of it. Yeah. Wouldn't that be your shame? 152 or five. See, there's a sound so evil man wishing for people to die. But now that I mentioned it. What? Nothing. No, I'm not going to worry. I just have like some bad bad case of hard burn, you know? That even roll-aids wouldn't cure. Agida. But just perpetual agida, the rest of his life for Julie Breman, for all he's done to hurt us. They're hurt to cause. And of course keep in mind, he's another one always apologizing for its importance to legal the so-called war, which election days a week from yesterday, all we can say is, Oh my god. They're dying over there. But it's a, they're going to have a big turnout. How many people are going to vote in this Sunday? Not turned man. He's you're the fixid that way when a very small turnout. You know, the Emerald Coast wants to wish all you a happy new year. It's not too late to do that and it's proud to announce you can still enjoy lobster Fest every Friday through Sunday. The Emerald Coast is Florida's no-mater or Uno Asian-Germay buffet. Not just my opinion, which of course it has been for a long time, but also as rated by the get restaurant review. In addition, Emerald Coast's Audit can eat buffet. Now you can enjoy succulent delicious juicy man lobster, serve thermator's job. You can start out your mouth watering experience. You're big feast with a choice of six different suits or a like sample all of them if you like. And then sample doesn't the Oriental treats including fried Stanford and Thai sweet and sauce and an old favorite whole roasted duck and a poison sauce. Also enjoy the brand new sushi bar featuring over 30. But turn man. Different items. And after sharing all of this fresh delicious good stuff down your throat, Emerald Coast out of this world is Zerpar features to your Masu ice cream with all your favorite toppings. And at new and exciting, state-of-the-art chocolate fondue found. Just take a nice chocolate shower under that fountain. Don't forget the Emerald Coast for most healthy living, too. Can you all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free can all oil? No MSG added either. The Emerald Coast relocations for their in sunrise sunny house vegan femur finds for reservations called 954 57723822 954 57723822 is absolutely unbearable. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. You're listening to Neil Rajesh exclusively on 565. Absolutely. Don't go totally. They're all in my albums. For my songs that we've got a notion like a banana. By two fan-focusing my Canada. Got a notion like a banana. Of my no-joo keep it half of the city of Atlanta. I write the song. I've got a heart good. Look at the eyes of the hungry. When I get a slope of nose, I be dressed in your hosed foot now. On the kids, my life is back in place. And so I'm still a gannest ticket. My shrines in your face got a notion. Like a banana. By two fan-focusing my Canada. Got a notion like a banana. Of my no-joo keep it half of the city of Atlanta. I write the song. Rock story. Okay, 159 Maddox is going to be up next and more. How we're giving it to four guildies. Trying to investigate in parts is I almost took them. I said when I heard you say scooke guts. Prouds exactly the same. In Italian, Neil Palton by elect means, Croch in hand. But wait till he finds out what scooke guts is real name is. His name is John Weiner. Am I making that up? If I'm lying I'm dying? Yep. If Greg's lying we're all dying. So there you go, bro. Okay, so I'll probably run out of a while. Okay. Let's see, Jesus is leading. The more popular after death I'm doing. Jesus is 285. Elvis 52 and the Colz Simpson got 50. James D. and 47 are great paddle for second place. Bye bye.