Time for Neil. To do do do do do. Good morning. Good morning. When is this? Neil, I had that thought earlier today. That's not good. No, but this was a pretty good one. I don't know if you heard about this Florida State quarterback. Yeah, I got to stir in my file here. Have I got that here, Bonham? Well, I was thinking, what if, you know, let's say Moses? Moses? Yeah. Yeah, that one. I heard he went. To do do do do do do. Yeah. And then he went, Oh, what if there was a guy today who said, that God spoke to him and he gave him these ten things. They'd like him alive, live by. Right. Or for that matter, the original son of God, or whatever, if he was around today and said that that's who he was. Yeah. People would think he'd been drinking or doing drugs, right? Either that or he'd be on TV for at least ten, fifteen minutes. And yeah, the good one is on show. Like Nancy Grace. So much of religion is based on, to make some things. Right. Today you look at a guy who does something like that, or tries to proclaim something like that, and you say this guy's crazy. Go into any big city in North America, including here in you find people standing on street corners, talking about just what you're saying. Yep. Proclaiming to be God, to be the prophet, whatever. And of course they're all crazy. Well, that's what we think. Maybe they're not, maybe they're crazy. Maybe they're not crazy. This guy really is right. Like some people say, everybody else is out of line, my son is in step. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like he like him QA. Everybody else is out of the building. One guy. The march into the right drummer. Oh, we've got that. Yeah. Oh, look at that. Yankees to unfail loose stadium plans. 800 mill. Isn't that great? 800 million. But they're paying for it. Wow, that's good. Hey, if they want to fill one, that man, I say the London build two. Yeah, what's the sub to them? Sir, money, sure. One in the Bronx and one on Long Island. They're going to get one on Long Island for the, for the match now, according to the mayor, because then that's the bill. The delivery goes about. Oh, he's got to be in Westbury. Isn't there one? No, it's a, it's a condo complex now. Are you kidding me? Well, but it's not too late to tear it down. But in all city of the day, that place is going up. Yeah, looks like it. Well, it's good. And I see that the fan asked governor is finally getting off his ass. And he's going to talk to the Indians. And maybe then now the per mutual. They're saying, well, he's going to let them do it. And then we're going to do it too. And everything is moving along. They're good. And it's only the 14th, the 13th, the June, why should we be in a big hurry? But he, he's not talking. He hasn't changed his opinion. And they're going to have to wait till he gets out, which is 2006. Well, I hate to write the news to him, but the first to July is what they legislation said. And that's like about two weeks away. Last time I checked. Yeah, well, it's not happening for the power of mutuals. So. But that's what the bill said. That's what people say. I know, but it doesn't matter what we both, we don't have free elections in this state. We might as well be in an Afghanistan. Or in some other, uh, county place like Cuba. No free elections in Florida. Maybe that's because of our geographical location. Maybe it's too close to Cuba. Maybe they kind of like drift it up. That whole concept, fascism is good. And everything else is bad. So I think, I think we have supported, you know, or busy building democracy in Iraq and other places in a world. Move me or export it, whatever little democracy we had left. Yeah, we have to worry about our own. And we have to go out with the bushes, you know, a bunch more dead people there today by the way, and I want to support you day, but there's a bunch more dead people in Iraq today. 7, 106 now. That's the number. Go. That's the American. Of course, 12,000 wounded, and of course, wounded, some of them are without legs and arms and eyes and things like that. But we don't want to talk about that because it's bad for business. Talk about more pleasant things like gambling. So what's this bullet race you're going to want to Saturday? I still can't get over there. You got the best game. I always think, and they don't know anything about horse racing. You could just make up the name of the Black Eyed Susan. There's a series of shows on the SPNN ABC called Super Saturdays. Right. And two of the races this Saturday are at Churchill. There's also, I think, a big one from New York. And I'm not sure where the other ones come from, but anyway, it's a two-hour show, and it's the first in a series of five shows. And it's either they have the Freddie Capacela Memorial Act, or to follow them we too. You might want to tell them what it's running now. They already had the Freddie Capacela Memorial. Do they? That is, or there is such a reason? Yes. Get out of here. Would I kid you? A Freddie Capacela Memorial? Why not? He deserves one. It is now post time. That's the only thing he ever said that I remember. He's pretty good. You know what he used to do me a lot? He used to hang out after he was retired at Highaliah once in a while. Where he also remember called the races. And he'd stand in the corner, and they blowed the gate, and I'd watch him, and when the horses broke he always went, and they're off. No, yes. Are you serious? What I kid you? He must have known Ernie from Calder. Did you ever know Ernie? No. Oh my gosh, that's because you grew up in the oppressed box. There was, here's the girl I had called her. This guy was the funniest guy I've ever seen in my life. He was there everything he used to wear. He's, I mean, dressed really, really sloppy. Like where these arguisals socks and this very strange. But anyway, or any of us sit pretty much the same area. And Bill Carter and I, we would go and if we could find him there, we would sit post him just for the free entertainment. Because before the race, he would sit there and he would call a fake race. Loud enough so that everybody around could hear. There, I'm fighting to say, you know, he would do this whole crazy, cool. All right. That was the cap of stuff. We called the whole right. No, no, but he would call the whole right. And then he would do it in this high fall set of horse. And then when you'd go, you'd leave to go make a bend. He'd say, who do you like guys? And like a real deep, I think, if you're forced, kind of like a gym neighbor. And then he'd say, oh, he'd say, all other old race track guys. You know, he'd die. Probably buried him at the finish line. He was great. He died. He really allowed. He would scream me and he'd be like, and everybody liked looking. So a cap of soul would do. He would do it very quietly though. Really? And you're up. Oh, well. Yeah. Maybe it's just forced to have it, you know? Yeah. I guess when you get to the hospital. He gets to the old and see now he goes, who? Like that. Yeah. He still won't be able to understand what he's saying. Let's get rid of him. First racing stuff again. You know, nobody wants to hear that. Oh boy. Nobody wants to hear about that. All right. Well, you have a nice day. I certainly will. And you want to know why? Because we got a Marlin game all over. We're not going to get up. Yeah. He's got up in Chicago. 1.45. It's a girl even we're talking about. But 15 minutes will take it. That dog doesn't have much to do this afternoon. No, he's on a 530 and somebody else don't even have a toe toe toe toe toe. Which is no different for many other day. But he and no. No. No. No. No. No. Today. Who won our intermediate pull about the worst force catcher. Somebody has got Jim and Pembroke Pines. Had an idea for pull that he actually back in February. He's been strong of an idea. So I'll put it in my intermediate pull in between for an hour. And Molgarity beat out the crow and Lini Martesh. Nice going. No. No. Wait a group. It is. This is stiff competition. But he imaged to come out on top. Well, have a great day. I listen to these big day. A Wednesday. I think you're going to like win a lot of bundle. Not today after. Really. I have to do a go take an outside the lines for tonight. The subject is Ricky. Oh, God. That is his second most tiring subject on earth. Well, let's see on HPITV. I got Dalmont Churchill Monmouth Hollywood. The Windsor Raceway would buy in Thurabreds because it's Wednesday. Metal lands, harness racing, low and star in Australia. So I just mentioned that in passing. I'm going to finish with your work. Missing all that. See you tomorrow. All right. Have a good day. You too. I'm going to be a good day. I'm going to be a good day. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. I am an outgatherer, so I am only a ten minute call. Look at this. Excuse me, Mr. Harriet O. O. Oh, God. Oh, God. Yes. Yes. I'm sorry you can't go back That's right man That's great timing Get your chance And I'm just gonna get this man Will you get this guy free from Will you be so fly out of your mouth Where the fuck are you going to enter? There's nothing to say Okay What two people Two people Two people Two people Come on Two people One people Yeah Two people Two people One more guy One more One more There's nobody's critical Bad I don't know You can bring your face to me You can always walk me Hey Hey Come on, get your hands out I'm gonna throw a squint That's a point I'm gonna throw a squint I'm gonna throw a squint This is clear It's not my life It's my life I'm gonna start a life like a ghost I'm gonna go to the door 1009 or 562 WQA Oh man They just give better and better Oh yeah And we got a Josh Cortis as a zoos It's first bit today about him We'll be playing that shortly Top it if he can 20 or 30 times Bad news from Iraq Let's get on the way right away Get all the bad news from him We'll be right back Good mood and put a smile on your face A once time suicide bombing today The restaurant on an Iraqi military base killed 23 Iraqi soldiers wounded 23 other people Mostly soldiers police said That's enough of that We don't want to put any bad news out there on here because the government might not like it And another dead guy I don't know who this guy is But somebody who knows probably does Lane Smith, a longtime character actor played a small town district attorney who crossed words with Joe Pesci and Mike Husnvini Vide Monday he was 69 Ward traveled slow I guess because they just put that up this morning Smith has also played Richard Nixon in the TV movie Definal Days and they played a planet editor Perry White and Lewis and Clark The new adventures are Superman Vide is home in LA according to his wife Debbie Benedict Smith Born in Memphis Tennessee Smith appeared in numerous films and television shows Most recently he appeared in the 2000 movie The Legend of Bagger Advance starring Will Smith and Matt Damon What? The Legend of Bagger Advance in your pants Make some on a dance To call them, but you know Take a chance It is Get out of here By the golfing movie Yeah, Will Smith is the catty No, no But he's got lots of wisdom You know, to share Why does he something A racial thing to me Lanes Smith also appeared in the original stage Production of Glenn Gary Glenn Ross You're fairy And the revival of the one-floor of the co-cooos nest Film credits include the distinguished gentlemen Sun and Law, the mighty ducks and the high-low country Besides his wife he's survival and nobody cares much So there he goes I hope we don't know I looked him up I'll see what he looks like Now he has You know we have Character, he's been in a whole bunch of stuff Well that's what I just got to say It was a character Actor A lot of people are character No, no, no, no Okay, here's the appole from yesterday We sneak in that pool for Jim and Timberpines about the worst sportscaster And what a shock I really am shocked that Who took the go eat one of And he's got accused me Well you're a football I mean I never in my wildest dreams Is especially with a stiff competition Tuddy could win that pool, but he did What one TV showed today That's under the universe we asked yesterday And I'm not sure Please with a result 1555 oh It's not that makes any difference Whether I'm pleased or not But I mean so when we'd after the break Well like run down to 85,000 shows under There'll be 10 for the Marlin game All right No mode today No, no, no, no, no, no We got the Marlin's on deck at 145 And early exit today That's here Marlin's at the cubs 220 and then Jim Mandates The Maddogs got a tough afternoon What are they bringing him in there for like an hour and a half Can you believe that? Why not? High price guy like Jim Mandates comes in for an hour and a half after the ball game What? I mean right five through to seven And then guilty seven to ten Now I see whether bringing the Maddog and then we're gonna have something in there and then the 80k at 10 o'clock So there go Marlin said a rough night was eight nothing to final last night or it was a worst of that Believe it was nine nothing nine nothing Well can't win them all Anyway, let's do the break and then we'll get to view that 14 to nothing I figured part it was 14 to nothing Or 10 to nothing No, come on Yeah, you just making that up No, I stopped watching and I just looked out and ended up 14 enough No did outlighter picture this game at all Gosh, Beckett Oh, Josh Beckett He had another blister That is bad Oh, he got a blister from a sister Probably need a piano to make it better Well, that's right I forgot about that Well, he'll probably be when you when you run to the team And they'll probably be at the urinal number two 10 13 and 5 60 WQN All you racing fans since that's what hanker out We always do wind up talking about what you stop us from doing that, please All right Be happy Start start screaming make a guttable sound Because nobody cares about that except us old Jews Who's gonna get brick a ball? For a Josh goes up to the team He's gonna be a friend Ha ha ha Baby, they gave me the thing That hasn't been for you since No No We've always said what if you give me the thing And before him, what if it's nothing Huh? We'll see go outside And outside And open it in my pocket And we'll try We'll try ourselves up to the team And start playing Brother June 98 We've never heard of a song before And we're shocked Every person who's saved That we stand out to pull our own rhythm Please, they scored a full song for us We'll have a good time Yeah We'll have a good time And try to play And Josh goes up to the team We'll have a good time What's going to Josh be? We'll have Josh goes up to the team We'll have a good time We'll have a good time What's going to Josh be? I never heard this before Who? What is it? Ha ha ha ha Oh man, he's got two down What is it? Yeah exactly 1019 a QAM happy a Wednesday We're pretty pumped here Because we got that 15 minutes early at the end We didn't even know it was like 15 seconds We'll take it, you know? Not that we're lazy We're trying to like slack off But never you are Yes we are In fact we like to have like a special pregame Because it's a really field man Just to set the scene You know the atmosphere You're Roma The ambience I feel flies up there We can do the pregame Now listen, before we do the pull result I lied I said it was going to do that right away I just found this story Very moving for something Okay University of Utah And LSD hospitals The amount of the 20 ld Yes, I say LSD Oh they are 80 University of Utah University of Utah LDS hospitals The amount of the 20 trauma centers in the nation It will test a new synthetic blood Trauma patients will be selected A random given the product poly heme By emergency workers in West Valley city So this is in Utah Salt Lake City in Sandy And by Michael Halcock recruit 36 patients from Utah Maybe in rural state Eventually had 720 participants nationwide A synthetic blood is something With the waiting for 4 years Said van summers Chief of the West Valley City Fire Department When patients in traumatic situations There was a lot of blood emergency Personnel can give them a salient solution To offset the laws But those solutions don't transport Oxygen throughout the body as blood does Poly heme has a hemoglobin base And can transport oxygen Something that's compatible to all patients A matter of blood type they have It can be transported to the scene And given almost immediately On the other side that's pretty revolutionary in it It's exciting No, it's seen something good So maybe we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to the rack pro So we can send it to a rack pro And we can send it to a rack pro And they can send it toå“‡ pro So we can send it to a rack pro And they can send it to box pro And we can send it to<|uk|>5 And they can send it to mafia pro And they can send it to ACF Yeah you can send it to Khal, send it to the bin And they can send it to insisted They came with a video And they know it was now I call US by boy good morning America 7 when I do find that show like on a Sunday morning I only watch it just sort of get to the end of their just here by by I didn't play that if they maybe I'll play tonight the more America 7 really blows the wire 7 ER 6 America's most wanted with our boy John Wall six he does a good job John Wall. Yeah, I like him. He's all right. You're gonna wrestle us six mad tv six passion six which it's about time that Beth and uh old Mrs. Wallace got over the closet trailer park boys five NBC date line five American justice for American justice excuse me bill Curtis and so sorry I'm not a congestus four 7 7 3 blind justice two the first 482 and a any biography none What about um what's the uh cold case files on a any that's another show we didn't put on it would also get none here watch that I've seen it see that's so much better than the ones that they have those fiction lies ones and it's like for real right The ones where they don't want to see none of the any biography that really frost my ass and but you know something I'm gonna put it on right now there's a real any audience There's Last time I don't see if he could put on my mother was so happy then I think I showed up with a bundle of money Said perfect for us. I'll explain you all there in the background that's excellent for the central rod and Nice going any biography some of your people out there man your taste is in your touch in your Tushy Okay, we sneak this pool in there for Jim and Pemper Pies and I'm so that it took me so many months to stick this in there And I put just about every sportscaster in town. I could think of on a poll So don't give me a certain dance or you left out. I like it Who is the worst sportscaster in South Florida? I don't give a crap about any of them 45 Well, then take crap. It's a joys. I don't give a joys about anything 45 That was George's choice because he's just a mister militant And Tysports has an basic rep more Howard David a dough one. I'm not a dough dough dough I mean I haven't shown today. We just still managed to Get some top billing 27 the crow 22 so mold edge down the crow 22 for the crow Let me martesie 18. I mean I'll take it one thing when you get like a hoated worst in the crow in any martes That just tells you that they hate you like poor as the fluid ability is for a sports casting has to do with the fact that they just Spies you don't don't Try train monkeys Jim a toughy 11 head goldboard 11 hopper girl 11 votes Dan LaBastard 10 and Joseph Dachy 10 Dave and boring head eight Rocksy Bernstein had five yoli five rich walls had five. I think rich walls doesn't get more because they don't who he is Who exactly Jim Barry for a gym you're fairie Steve Shapiro three Jimmy cephalo to Curtis Stevenson had one Rob Burke had one who does Rob Burke Oh, that that was on Jim's I don't even know who that is If it was not it is no Rob Burke well he must be something and in no votes This is what you were hoping for you hope to get no votes in his pool See most tools you'll get the great number of votes on this one the less votes you get them more than like you know votes for Try strap or nice going try my boy try any the K Eric Reed cost to his teeth man dog Oh right none the big oh oh, no, that's really rock solid and the Joe Rose The dog had none of almost two of the votes we speak that intermediate pool and I like that Well, bunch of people didn't get any you but people in the audience must be in a good mood, you know what I guess man is shocking Okay, our regga. Let's see beven curtain is actually I haven't looked it actually yet We have so much other important stuff going on and stuff sounded like a little bit off her feet this morning And she's done a little bit sour. I don't know there's actually with a very very ugly face my god She's got a nose that could you you know this is our can't know you know Is your nose is a can opener all right? I will here's have actually there and believe you me She looks the same from the chin bound. She's a spotless. She's just fine But she sure doesn't mean chin ball. I'll tell you that she got a nose for oh Yeah, it's not down. Oh, hey, Mollace. She is nasty looking But anyway, there's actually and your sandwich you can get because in a few days the 23rd that will be no mass no more that stuff I'm praise to God and say a trail that my conjunction will have the ability and strength to move walk his way to justice It is my hope that Michael Matt's off of the computational combination the activation of accusations The inspiration without the intimidation let us instead implement rationalization That's their aggregation for reconciliation and re-examination and we are bound with a reconsideration for the Foundation a classification of pre-ventaculation call Lason and this appropriation devolentation for Marker I will answer your questions now. Yes. I'm sorry. What did you say? Exactly. 1032 and we got 139 votes on the pool Best vacation city in the world. That's great vacation time. It's like almost summertime in a few days and Just about everybody went in a brother if they haven't already gone on your summertime vacation This is a little primer for you. We do deserve a year. I guess right? I guess and this is your opinion You know, of course if you ever been in a wear well just dummy up Best vacation city in the world is in other words if you would recommend Just one place you were gonna go. What would it be? I voted for Rome a Roma a That's my choice Rome. You thought I was going to vote for Amsterdam, didn't you? No, I didn't Because Rome the food is the best and the sights to see are the best. I mean cheese It just just walk around there and like even just ordinary buildings that are like 2,000 years old You think holy crap. This is unbelievable not to mention the form and the Colosseum and the Spanish steps and the wedding cake and all of these things But anyway best vacation city in the world is so far we got 139 votes on the Louis 35 nothing wrong with that except it is so crowded But that's okay. New York 27 and Sudan 24. Yeah, if you'd ever been there before if you've been there don't go Rome 15 Paris 11 Chicago 11 Florence, but ends a really crowded. Oh, man. Hey, I got this great restaurant A Florence for you if you like coming for eggs LA 4 Boston 3 Colone 2 and Berlin is got none. Now. Why does Berlin have none so far? Are you people crazy or what? What a great city. What a beautiful city. We're lots to see in fantastic food and fantastic beautiful people and just a modern and glissio know after we bond the crap out of them and the WDWW2 that we go to law those cities You know like Berlin You want to hear something that's gonna really frost your eyes all right if I lost not sure I was talking yesterday about this some anti-wrenching vote and how I'm sure what I had the names of the 20 senators and refuse to sign and now I realize why why Santa majority of your bill fist Right wing fanatic of Tennessee refuse repeated requests for a role-collevo that would have put senators on record on that resolution of apologizing for past failures to our anti-wrenching laws officials involved in a negotiation city yesterday and there was disagreement yesterday Over whether Sashby Chandler so on a George's two Republican senators had supported the measure when it was approved Monday night and Does this are the sentence of lynching victims watch from the Senate gallery the resolution was adopted Monday evening under a voice vote for senior The didn't require any senators presence 80 senators however had signed his cost bosses putting themselves on record is supporting the resolution by the time the Senate were Resets Tuesday evening five other senators that added their names as cost sponsors leaving 15 all Republicans who had not George your Republican Senator Johnny Isaacson was among the 80 sponsors listed Monday night Chameless name was added to list of cost sponsors after the resolution was adopted the credit of the congressional record But it's office said he had signed on the bill as a cost-bossed before Monday's vote The resolution was adopted and are what is called unanimous consent where it's adopted as long as no senator expresses opposition But the group that was the driving force behind the resolution and asked Chris for a formal procedure that would require all 100 senators to vote and the group had asked that the debate take place during business hours during the week Instead of a Monday night when most senators were traveling back to the capital first decline both requests The group team sky chair group chief council mark planning said last night It's very disappointing that first handled a matter of what he did planning said other groups have gotten rule call votes So there was nothing new to this nothing different that we were asking for Bob Stevenson first chief spokesman said last night the procedure the majority of leader established was requested by the sponsors The chief sponsors of the resolution senators Mary Landro Democrat Louisiana and George Allen public Virginia disputed that assertion said that was just a Pock of light right Landro said Monday before the resolution was adopted she would have preferred a rule call vote But that were set for conditions set by Senate leaders When Stevenson was informed of Landro statement he admitted his comments to say at least one of the sponsors had requested Duffton of voice vote and a combination with the resolution related to black history month Allen press secretary David Sceptok issue with Stevenson I don't know about Stevenson would characterize it that way he said Snaps and Allen since agreeing to sponsor the resolution that insisted that he prefer a rule call vote So in other words from the this Schmendrick another patch of light Plane agreed that Landro Allen made every effort that the resolution debated during the day when it would attract the most attention from the public and with a formal rule call of the senators We were very perplexed at Chris without agreed that planning said good old boy bill first You know a rednecky boy from Tennessee bill fest Jan Cohen the wife of former defense secretary William Cohen and one of the key figures in the committee for a formal apology expressed outrage over lack of a rule call vote America's the home of the brave but I'm afraid there may be a few powers left a coward in their very narrow minded and backward April constituency cool until they be seen news while hiding out and its reminiscent of a pattern of hiding out under a hood in the night writing past scaring people Yeah, like with a big your pointed hat on and robes and stuff like that How do you like that for another Is that something or what now we know what we don't have the names? I wanted about that not disgusting and grow test This is 2005 and there were a bunch of repunk 15 Republican senators who didn't want to be identified because they didn't sign a resolution for anti-linching Resolution, you know we're tired of you gay key do boys tell us what all my goodness give me a break and of course Joja what about we talked about that in ten Joe Joe just go in the past Emissus to be an Alabama, Louisiana, Alabama, Louisiana Marylanders from Louisiana, but nevertheless speaking of race and over night Gallup poll released yesterday shows that 48% of Americans disagree with the verdicts during pop star Michael Jackson of all charges within the last in case in a way 34% agreed And they are split along a major racial divide. I don't get it How how can he be a racial thing? Who I mean he's a racial thing he's he's almost as wide as you are almost Why it's disagree with the verdict five out two to one 54 to 28% while non-wise take the opposite view by two to one 56 to 26% more than two to one this recalls the OJ Simpson verdict 95 when vice-disegree with him Getting off by 62 to 27% while non-by supported by 67 to 24% a queer a clear majority or 62% queer majority You fairly believe that Jackson celebrity status was a major factor in the verdict nearly half said They were surprised by the verdict with 24% saying they were outraged Peot and fired up. How do you like that? I haven't played that drop in in a long time You know It's fired up when I hear someone say that all right Exactly one for you said there was still a fan of the singer almost as many said they were one stand But no mass from us. Hey like that Yeah, he put out some good music long time ago And the Jackson five they put out some good music long-long time ago and you know what hummel and rear to hell with them They just make me nauseous but then again there's some other slime balls out there selling records right sure Big our Kelly big pedophile Yeah, oh much of other people that are like fairly unsavory In fact two pack was like our son records like crazy even when he's dead. Also his Elvis, but I mean different story Anyway, there you all I got a great story about Arnold. I just got so much stuff here today Now if you only add some cities to our pull that's fine, but I'm my man on a mission today Spices have to get such a short show 50 minutes chopped off there at the end. Do you think we have a like protest about that? What about Vegas for the poll? Las Vegas there you go of course How could we forget Las Vegas see and Josh wants to go there desperately so we can play the slots But he missed his made trip to Vegas this year so he's going to Vancouver raise against most of big fat ones and I have to worry about getting busted I hear that it is just absolutely magnificent out there in a BC right? Nothing but good things and don't be taking a VC powder up there either 1040 24 11 at 560 WQA And don't forget Marlon pre-game 140 five the Saturday no accounting the minutes we're counting the second It's gonna be great It can picture is zero It is cold it is so freaking cold And I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants Something is shrinking I'm so cold I can't live seen Let's be called it zero baby And I cannot feel my toes Let the thing in my fingers And my pride with parts of truth Oh my nose is above too far There's a cloud every time that I go in my hands up And I can't live see my toes I can't live see my toes Oh right Let's become zero baby I can't live see my toes I'm a red hot red in lava But first I need to be broad clouds Yes try me to be broad clouds That's the earth is beautiful I say free your home I'm a 10.40 set of a lot of our happen to my close personal friend and we can't hear too much about her no more I don't know I would imagine try look like that I'd be busy 169 votes on a pool in the bad news for Josh is Vegas is gone What's that all about? About a few minutes ago I thought the second you said that I'd go swimming up toward the top What is with you people? They just don't have anybody to gamble Things are kind of tough these days Lots of big outside of gambling You can go see all the shows you can go eat tonight There's a lot more to do than that They got them hooking They got all kinds of hookers they got all kinds of night life and day life and morning life and real life People right it's a fun place They got those rising fall off in your killdown 169 votes on a little before he won New York 31 And today I'm as god Rome 17 which is my opinion strong I would urge you very seriously if you'd never been to the To Rome please the eternal city or you can go to the infernal city Chicago's got 14 Paris 13 Fadens a Florence 10 Boston 5 nothing wrong with Boston You guys are both like it you never been there. I'd love to go to Boston. Their food is sensational They're talented to see and go see the Paul Revere house you can go see go to Quincy market have some Climbs strips and chowda and a fanny roll hall and just it's just a beautiful place not like he used to be though Los Angeles 5 Colone Germany 2 Berlin finally got one in Vegas is still got the big Better take a few calls all the lights that like I said I've got a very busy agenda here today Cause we're less than three hours away from the pregame show how do you like that? That sounds good to me. I'll tell you the QAM hello. Yes Yes, sir. I like the speak with Neil speaking. Oh, yeah You know a large percentage of those lynchings were perpetrated by black mobs On other blacks. No, they weren't Thank you. I am hello. Hey, Neil the morning. Yes, sir. I'm here. I'm ready anything about Donald Trump backing up Charlie Chris. I don't know Anything about hey Charlie Chris. You fair. Okay. I know what I want more city Neil Go ahead Yeah, right. Okay. Sounds a little jerky. He helped a turkey right and that's two good calls in a row I like I said I got a big pile five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in fact I like I told you the first guy was like 175 years old. We're gonna come and let's year old as how do you like that sir We're gonna even take away your bag Hmm, WQAM hello Neil wants her to pull yes sir. My am is truly Chris. Oh, get out of you. So that's three in a row 32 a.m. Hello Now, yes, sir. I can't believe you think Boston's it's it's it's why they won't they won't let the sidewalks at nine o'clock Oh, you know, I'm a measure for what life forget it. I think they closed the last strip bar in Boston a couple of years ago Yeah, good up there man. I wouldn't go back there for all the T and China I think it's one of the most miserable cities in the United States and the weather is getting worse to air for your view. I know it's Yeah, I mean it's like man. Oh, you already yesterday was 56 in Boston unbelievable. Okay, I said it sucks. Right? And that's what I'm back. Okay, thanks. He's right. I used to be right. I saw my memories You know, I lived here in 60 and 61. I come along to have it on the back bay and it was great the restaurants that are all gone. It were really fantastic And in addition, which all those Italian restaurants in the north end of Boston that people rave about Many of my pretty mediocre right best. I think many of me will notice I've tried different ones. It's just I don't know. Sure ain't wrong. I'll tell you that. So the guy says stay away from Boston But even so if you never been there, it's okay, but it's a shadow of its former self and any like a lot of other cities, huh? Name me one city. Other let's say Chicago and I don't care what anybody says New York. I mean without all the perversion and time square and a lot of the And we're just like, you know, it's like a Disney World North. I who needs it. But LA is a nightmare at the jungle. Chicago is about the only city I can think of this city that is as great today as it was like 20 30 years ago. I mean Detroit, you should all want to go there. I bigger part about Seattle. I just told you already. I've never been there. Bad. I've been there. And it was nice. And you're nothing bad about Seattle. But then again, when you think of big major metropolitan, total philosophy. Ten billion long time. I don't know. I can get all I know is that was a very it lived up to what same was a very filthy city. Man, it was just what's everywhere. WQA and hello. QA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm fine. I got one for your poll. Yeah. Yeah. I'm quite a crack of ill. What is it? Cracker. Cracker. Yeah. Go back. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to give you a thinking. Like to talk about our city. I see the source area to best see. This is the best vacation city in the world where we know. Oh, no, it's not. Namacity. Go ahead. Got to stir. Get out of here. That's too much for the lielocks. You lose. These people. Just have the money. Why don't know why this is going on. Because all the people that know where the goods cities are. They're out of town. Yeah. They're there. They're there. They're having a good time. These people are just left behind. I think you need a big good for you, sir. Okay. Do you need any to buy this time of the year? Wow. Let's say what does this say here? Oh, 15 over Republicans. Here's the list. Thank you so much Fred. Here are the final 15 senators could still close bonds. After the fact that they choose to. Obviously they don't want to be anti-litching. They build a little apologize for the anti-litching thing. Lamar Alexander. Tennessee. Another Yahoo. They're all Yahoo's. Bob Bennett of Utah. That talk on a Mississippi. John court in the Texas. Michael Krapel of Idaho. Is the American or APO. Colin Krapel. Michael Enzi of Wyoming. Chuck Grashley of Iowa. Shame on him. He should know better. John Greg of New Hampshire. Never trust a guy named Greg because he always gives you a pack of life. Or in half of Utah the answer it. Trant loft that's here later from Mississippi. Lisa McCouski of Arkansas. Richard Shelby of Alabama. We seen him. John Sonunu of New Hampshire. Craig Thomas of Wyoming and George Voynevitz of Ohio. How about with that be? He's just a one of you lynched for that thing with Bolton. As you're saying I understand. I don't get it. But you'll notice all Republicans and most mostly from the beef south. Must be just a coincidence. WDQA and hello. QAM. Hey Neil. Listen. My brother lived here for a couple years. I think for attractions and things to do for a collective case. San Diego is pretty good. San Diego. I hear that what's his name? Mr. Playwright. Thank you for the chargers. What's that? Kevin Winslow. Kevin Winslow. You know I was so aggravated with that. And I looked it up and of course you are right. But I mean I looked it up on the internet. And I just I don't know what it is. And it makes me I was just positive. It played for the 49ers. I don't know why. I could even envision him in that in the uniform. The whole deal. But he's just I don't know. What are your Alzheimer's kicking? Yeah. That's right. 560, 560, 560. 560. And you see as much football as I have. When you've forgotten as much. And if I remember that be dangerous. WQA and hello. Yeah. CD for the poll please. Yeah. Watch the loner. Beautiful. Are you been there? Oh yeah. Beautiful people. The food is incredible. The oceans right there. Architecture. The name it. And in United States. Seattle. Okay. Okay. This guy actually has something to say. Seattle and Barcelona. Well you wouldn't like it because they speak with that. Barcelona. They do that. They do that. They do that. They do that. They do that. They do that. And they do that. And they throw something. Yeah. And I actually, my Madrid was okay. I haven't got to Barcelona any of that. I was supposed to go to this year. It was. I heard it. Barcelona is all. You know, for tourists and party in Madrid is like business. Yeah. Madrid is like a business. Like like in Milan is in Milan. In Italy is a place you don't want to go because it's like in the Yorkshire. They say, I'm not sure. One of those artsy parts. I'm going to want to mature it. And he said it was the best place he's ever been in his life. Oh, Madrid. Like I said, I enjoyed Madrid. I thought it was very good. The food was good. And the people are just beautiful. And there's a lot. But as from the architecture standpoint, it's like all white buildings. You know, just very big, ugly white buildings. I found from what I saw. But it was fine. I had no problem with Madrid. And Barcelona, they say, it's even better. They say like that. And they keep speaking that way and speaking that way. And then they go to Ibiza. They go to Ibiza. That's right. Everybody goes over there and gets weighed. 10.56 in QAN. I'm not a C.N. So I'm 45. I'm a school school. You'll find my dog. She'll weigh me. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. And questions. This here's Lee Horsey. Here goes to child Bradstairdance. And I'm proud to present to you the right thing. If you don't want to mind about a jet with a meal, I suggest you check out the comedy, Andy. Of the right thing, boys and girls. You can get the humble little sea call. And I'll hold a help sense with you. Hold it right, Andy. I'm really proud to have your chef. You have your easiest to use your chef. That would be a sin. That's all to our knees and worship in a large black man. You know what's best for us. You've been pushed, boys. You've been pushed, boys. You've been pushed, boys. Wow. You've got your band rolling your pants. Hi. There you have it, boys and girls. A basketball lesson for the politically immature. No, Mr. Wayne. Hey. Ellen, do a small township at Aldeir, you. And just when you thought I was all over, about Terry and her shoe, here's the Autosciu Resolve. The Center of Anthology, examined her cardiac tissue. Yeah. The medic testing for cardiac eye on channel mutations was performed by the million in New Haven, Connecticut. The beginning lays it down. We markers for a long, qt syndrome. Cube. Complete toxicology testing was also performed. Cube. The vitrious tumor chemistry was examined. Cube. The court medical and other records, including public and confidential Department of Children's Family, Children and Families Records, and Ron Forzman Documents, were reviewed as part of the death investigation. Cube. Now certain issues have repeatedly surfaced. During this investigation. Two. These issues have been presented to the Department of Children and Families in the past. Law enforcement and have been presented in the media. Cube. I will attempt to address these issues here. But I have covered them in greater detail in the documents you have received today. Cube. I have also included references from appropriate medical literature as part of your packet. Cube. First. What was the cause of Teresa Shavos collapse in 1990? Did she suffer from an eating disorder? Mrs. Shavos was heavy as a teenager. And I was worried that it lose over 100 pounds. No one observed Mrs. Shavos taking diet pills, binging and purging or consuming lactatives. And she apparently never confessed to her family or friends about having an eating disorder. Two. And furthermore, yes, many other signs and symptoms of bulinium nervousum were not reported to be present. After her resuscitation from her initial cardiac arrest, the first blood draw at Humana Hospital, more side which was her admitting hospital, showed a low potassium level. Several other blood components were all in the abnormal levels. Oh my God. Her low potassium level and the eating disorder appeared to indicate where the focus of a malpractice suit filed by her husband. Witnesses at trial at the malpractice trial offered no testimony to witness purging and experts. Also, I showed a bulinium nervousum offered other possibilities for the low potassium level. Both clients and a thinnit in the malpractice trial generally accepted the theory that her low-potassium level was due to bulinium nervousum and therefore during the trial the veracity of this diagnosis is non-retirement. Two, but for low potassium level appears. A little bit. Ported to Shavosian Fitshid eating disorder. What causes hypotalemia or low potassium? Mrs. Shavos was near death and critical for over one hour. Two. Two. Two. That initial blood sampling. This blood sampling showed a potassium level of 2.0 millimols per liter. While normal is 3.5 to 5. She received approximately 1250 cc. So, over, you know what I'm going to say here? I give up. The man. A draw. She received five doses of epinephrine and separate eight. Pock-acquian handle this. I'll just get to summary when it's on the website. Okay, this is the autopsy report. I'm Terry Shavos and her. But I thought if I put it on here, we might learn something. I'm not going to put it on right to the ballgame. It comes out, but that would definitely be left listening. It is just a little bit too, and it's like I said way much too upon. More importantly, though, NTV is showing Jessica Simpson today. Very scanty bikini watching the car. Well, very good. Maybe for the duke's a hazard movie. Okay. So if I seem a little distracted, it's because of that. How she doing with her. Here's a guy from the BS. Oh, I think like that. This is a cancer to my name, but New Orleans is a great vacation spot. In addition, how does Fox News network get away with reporting netty and Natalie Holley's death confirming it and then I'm confirming it. And then the bottom of this is a missing. They something to see that. Yeah, that's okay. Well, whatever. Okay. So New Orleans, you got that. Oh, not for me enough to listen to that. No, I'll just go there and get the drunken. Have a great one on Burban Street, man. Burban Street. Right. Here's one that says, bestay the live vacation survive. Victoria British Columbia. A beautiful, great restaurant. History and macula downtown that drives with nightlife with friendly people. Average temperature, never colder than 45, never warmer than the low 80s. Have been there several times. Will retire there soon after I'm sprung from this hellhole. Many soft food obviously. Ma'am. Mons. Cool. Fabulous. You should go awesome. That's good to be. I've heard nothing but great things about Victoria BC. Okay. I'm going right away. Vegas. You're saying all the same Vegas wins. You may not be restricted by that press conference. Seconds. Oh, is that what it was? Phil or supplement containing caffeine was considered. Our tea drinking may have caused the colapsally like that. The common term heart attack is generally reserved to describe the medical condition of my cardiovascular. The colapsally I thought was good for it. That's when I bubbly always used to say, how about a glasalat. A glasamines? No. Good. Honolulu 48. Amsterdam 37. The best vacation city in the world. We're trying to get give you a little helpful information here. They folks all before we do that. So George and Josh both got their flavor wave albums. Which I use my everyday. I love it. Josh has used it because he went out to dinner with a very nice family last night. Yes, I did. And I see I know it. He got laid. And the second of course, I'm a good friend. I said, yes, I did. Well, there he go. That's her. That's why he's got his own pit now. Finally. And the other thing was George took his home. He did not get laid. But his wife enjoyed it very much. The flavor wave that is. Yeah, the other. But anyway. Oh, you're like it. So George likes it a lot. Yeah. The other thing. And she made a what? A roast roast. The matter of fact, she went out and bought one special because that's what I was kind of. I don't know. And square. Which is the most of the tables around it that we're like, because we only outside and like just the right right consistency on the inside. I mean, I don't really care if anybody buys one or not. And I couldn't pay the it's a pedal. It's not like a sponsor. But it's just when you find something that good. I use my error. Single day of my life. Anyway, New York 38 is second on the little Amsterdam 37 Vegas 21 Vegas is Zoom enough to which we knew wrong 21 Paris 18 Chicago 16 Florence Friends Italy 13 just a beautiful place. Boston 8 LA 7 Colone 3 Berlin one. None yet for these just went on Victoria B. See no lens. Marta Lona and 10 Diego out of 233 vote. And so we got so far. I was the Bones can perform and what did the result. But it's a strangulation was fine. You see that. Oh yeah. I mean, it's a guy taking like 80 million words to say what he could have said like in about the 10 is number is running. It's his moment. Well, he's his name is John fog Martin by the way. He's the medical examiner. He's the one that inspects it. You. WQAM. Hello. Two things. I like one den and can you put a front the source burger in the flavor wave? Ha ha ha ha ha. Ask Fred Hilltaya. That's cute London. Ah, too many are British for me. London. But put it on there. I bet you see a lot of Americans that they go to Europe. They go to London because they know that people they think that people speak English. They're right. Closing a hear them talking. They say what what are they saying? What are they talking? What language are they speaking? Well, I've reached a my skyrocket. That's a big piece of paper. Anyway, here's that Arnold story that just tickles my fancy. And by the way, speaking for the passion viewers, what kind of a name is fancy? Do you have an old girl named fancy? Not real or no. Not for real. But then again, passion's named for real anyway. I bet. The source of the language was written was on the moderate turned into an exercise in perseverance when virtually is every word was accompanied by cat calls, howls and piercing whistles from the crowd. Oh, actually. The source of the language is based appeared to redden during his 15 minute commencement address. The incident. The six hundred graduates at Santa Monica College. But he ignores the shouting as he recalls his days as a student. And later his work is a body builder and actor. Always go out and overcome your fears. He told the graduates, work work, work study study study. And soon he'll be as articulate as he is. Inside the stadium, the drone from hundreds of routing protests are as threatened to drown out the governor's voice in time. Is it great? Many of the crowd erupted in booze when a police officer pulled on a banner criticizing the estimated $45 million cost to be November 8 special election that's horse and egg proposed on Monday. The governor's backing three ballot initiatives of call for imposing a cap on state spending, scripting lawmakers of the party to draw their own districts, and increasing the time it takes teachers to gain tenure. At times during Schwarzenegger speech, tears and booze mingled, and the graduates themselves appeared eager to hear the governor. Many applauded at one point when the noise from the bleachers briefly subsided. It didn't matter. I just ignored them graduate rate Louis 21 of L.A. said when asked about the racket from the protesters. Schwarzenegger's political views down all had nothing to do with the graduation he said. Schwarzenegger's been feuding for months with groups he called special interest, teachers, nurses, other public union employee unions were accused him of selling out to big business while short-changing education and healthcare and other programs. Those groups have hounded Schwarzenegger with his public appearances which we like a lot. The special election is a waste of money that you can be using for education in the hospital care. He's wasting it on his vanity election said Sue Cannon and nurse was among crowd outside the stadium, hooting and hollering. A dominal radiographs. Two echo party. We all care. We just want to hear about her. Sue. That's what everybody wants to know. The previously mentioned what cervical spine Shirevo's bones were palpably soft from bone laws. Probably that no potassium and calcium right? I would have seen it just rank a little milk and have maybe a banana or two or several. Several bananas. Maybe if you keep it with a gun up there. Maybe if you see that cruiserwood in the croft. She'd have gone and visited the teria. You know that much of bananas. Strawberry, banana. You know, strawberry, banana. You know, strawberry. If Elvis was still around, he could have shared his peanut butter and an anher sandwich. You should have got her potassium right? Very high glycemic level and bananas by the way. All you better son or put down your banana please. It's not good for you. It's got very, very high carbs. But it's, I don't see that. I get you back with that banana and ice cream again. I bet you that's got plenty of potassium ice cream. See? Ice cream. Jesus. Man, I better slow down with that. I'm getting a mood carried away. No, seriously. I've been read it. If Hagen does would have invented banana nut or banana. What's the other one? Banana is fostered that everybody's talking about. Before she got ill, she might have saved Terry. She wouldn't have needed that. She would have needed that. Right. And actually she could have just instead of drinking it to a straw, they could have melted in the microwave about two and a half minutes. And she could drink her banana nut right through a shoe. Right? Sure. And got an all-life potassium if you need. And probably just jumped up out of bed and said, hey, let's party. Right? Let's go over to smoothie or something. Right. Too late. You can a lot of things. Right. If you rise your songs for it's whole may be old. W-U-A-L. From the producers of American Idol, it's a heart-borne collection of favorites and surfaced by America's sweetheart. Terry's childhood. You're the only star in the world. I'm the only star in the world. You're the only star in the world. I'm the one. And the two are the stars. And the two are the stars. And the two are the stars. And the two are the stars. Of course you must have seen. Look at she smiling. You're the only star in the world. Yes, it's Terry Chival Live from Rule 243C, another exploitation available now from the sub-button grass. So I think the bottom line is all fancy, stuff about Terry Chival Live is that she didn't die from, she wasn't like beaten, all these stories that the family had made up about the host. Remember during those last whisper days when they were all making up all kinds of lies. Remember that? And if I gave him from your fan asked, you have to get in your usual hack of lies. But coming to find out that was all bogus, she just was one banana short. And she's not the only one who's dead, by the way. She's not. Now, middle-time Connecticut, a shooting outside a superior court building this morning, left one person dead at least one other injury to 30 said, shooting half at about 9.40 a.m. About 20 minutes before court was to convene for the day. The victim was not a court official, court spokeswoman Ronda Steely Sterley Herbert said, she said the shooting happened in a parking lot owned by the city. Hillary Stevens, a spokesman for the Connecticut Bar Association said the group was investigating reports that attorney was injured in the shooting. The court was on partial lockdown, Sterley Herbert said, meaning people can go to the court house, but police are not from any animal to leave. Everything's kind of on hold right now if you say somebody's dead. What do you go all out of that? Not that stuff going on inside the court. Well, outside the court, we're trying to see American Joyce in way. Here's a story that everybody's going to really love. Let's do it right now before lunchtime. Olaith Kansas. Have you heard that place? Nope. Olaith. Olaith Kansas. There's that Olaith. Well, if it's Kansas, a high school student who vomited on his Spanish teacher has been charged with butter against the school official. There are a lot of people on South Florida here that language and they want a pub too. Remember that pool we took a while back? In fact, I think that was last week about the sounds that you were on vacation. Remember that charge? Yes. The most annoying sounds in a Spanish language. I remember for one pool, but it was right up there. It definitely did. And we put it on late. That's right. We put it on late, and then it went just zooming up. It was really great. Yeah. The misdemeanor charge was filed Monday against the Olaith in North West High School of Student Olaith. The 17 year old boy was charged as a juvenile, and then we got released Rick Gwyn, and assistant director District Attorney said, when this is controller corroborated the boy intentionally volated on teacher David Young. Wow. If convicted of boy likely with face probation, Gwyn said prosecutors are also seeking an apology. How do you like that, huh? We're seeking an apology. I apologize. I apologize. I apologize. You beat me to it. Sorry, man. Well, whatever. Anyway, I think a message is being said both by the school district and the D.A. that is behavioral not be tolerated young said. The student's father said he told me to not mean this rub on the teacher, but you may not have been made uncontrollable. You're by the stress of final exams. But it's just a loose end. Right? Keep producing. The father said the district has spelled a son and we're recommended he enrolled an alternative school in the fall. If you put on a Spanish teacher, we'll all be damned. How do you say puke in this financial? Belita? I bet you're pardoned. Yeah, I'm sorry. Don't say that. 5 6 7 0 5 6 10. I can't believe that we got that ball game. Now realize it doesn't seem on the face of it. It doesn't seem like that 50 minutes to make a dramatic difference. But it does. Because you see it's already 11 23. Right. We'll take it. It's 30. It's going to be 120. So like in less than an hour and a half. We're out of here. And then, all right. That's the way to look at the positive way of looking at it. Like to look at all the accomplished. They say, but I'm in 30. But look at the ball game coming up for the pregame at 145. I don't know if we've saved the world twice. That is correct. How does that enough again? The latest term. There is you have a high sodium or salt content. Oh, we just cut the crap. I think they're high. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it new? Sounds like me. Oh, hey. Listen. I love your show. Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm going to show when you're not there. It's like adding a hand doing the Johnny Carson show. I love, I love Carlos. But it's not quite a thing. And there's last very shallow thing. You know, I really love your show. But you don't make some kind of out people that really didn't have anything to do with their illness. You know, that's, that's what I mean. Well, I mean, we've been playing the Terry Shabo stuff five of a since. They stuck that Q. We're talking about, man. Right now. I just thought of what if they just think of bothers herd? You think she's upset by it? No, of course not. She's dead. But if it's a settlement. And even when she wasn't dead, she was a permanent vegetative state. I know. Not in her own hand. And that's why I thought it was kind of like not cool. But they know what I mean. Not in her own hand. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then what about Helen Keller? We've played bits about her. Was that her fault that she was blind? No, but I'm saying this idea was a normal person. Totally. Yeah, but just the banana man. If she's just eating the herald supper in her veggies and stuff, she'd probably still be alive today. Touch the crap out of her. I'm not here. Quick being so depressing. Quick taking everything so serious. You should be teased. Love is a show. He should always tune in the wrong show for that. We pass along a lot of serious stuff. I'm sure we try to like also keep a sense of humor. Love is a show. Just what you do where we're working. If we never said to humor, could we possibly be here? No, no. But I will take the checks. The best vacation city in the world. It's like we're doing three different shows here. I'm sorry. I apologize. But I got a big pile here, man. Yeah. That's a lot of change. But they just stuff the needs to be spewed out. When it's out, I want to spew it out. Okay. I'm going to do it. Do it. The best vacation city in the world is Honolulu 53. Amsterdam 41. New York 41. Vegas 29. It's moving up there nicely. Josh. Although if you go to Vegas, you might want to play those sloths. Wrong 28. Paris 20. Chicago 16. Was that Chicago? Florence 13. Boston 10. And everybody else is single digit. Number 7. Barcelona 4. Barcelona. I saw a thing on a, one of the travel channels. I have a lot of Barcelona. And man, maybe we want to just get in a plane and go there right now. Bar alone. Nothing but good thing. Whoa. London 3. Colone 3. I'll tell you. Underrated. Colone, Colone. Germany. Man, I'm telling you right now. If you go to Amsterdam, if you're there a few days. Hop on the train. It's only about over two hours. In fact, if you take a couple of, like, get a couple of newspapers and magazine. And before you know what you're right there on the ice train, the real fast train. Okay. And Colone is just fabulous. I mean, they have a boat train like we have here in Florida. Yeah, the bullet train. That's the one. The more you get in Florida, the bullet. We just had the bullet. We don't have the train. Colone 3. Victoria B.C. has got a pair in all ends too. Just go there and get drunk and lay down the street and bourbon street. San Diego went in Berlin still. Solumentary Uno. I don't want to announce to each of these things. I've got to see. I've got to see. The biggest person now. I'm watching. I'm watching. It's an awesome. It's an awesome. It's a portrait of your five. She way you have. Disgusting. Perfect. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Listen to the sound of John John Pauling. I'll be waiting to go see. You think I'm a community in there like J.F.K. Put a port of better play. J.F.K. at 4th time. Put a soul of hyper-tilted sheep and traffic made that close. A party that I had to bathe on. Now let's be the only one that's in the night. She's in the night. She's in the night. From what they call it in a deep curse. You're probably the only one that's alive. She's in the fear of it's only gonna get worse. Listen to the sound of John John Pauling. But it's what I love. What I love is what I love. You're the only one that's gone. It's not gonna fall in place. I'll say the one thing if we didn't maintain a sense of humor, we'd all be in the Looney bin after what they put us through with Terry and her. You, whether our fan asked Governor and a bunch of other Looney take great win crazy people. But it's been a lot of feeders. And stem cell huggers. And vegetative dead brain dead people huggers. In fact, she could've worked in our sales department. You see the result they just showed on there? They said her brain was less than half the size they expected. She easily could've qualified. Here's a facts from Adam who wants to know. It says, can you repeat the location and or web address we can order the flavor wave up and you and George, Josh and George got it. And I got actually how many of my bought for total I would imagine. Five for me and four for gifts. How you like that? All right. Five. That's how much I like it. Any of you already understand you already just started using it. Yeah. Anyway, even by a whole bunch of places online, I bought it the ones for you from First Street. So you can go to First Street online.com and then just, you know, I don't want to give a whole web or you can just do a search for flavor wave up and but the reason I recommend that one is because it's like only 99 bucks. If you buy it like from paying direct, it's 132 bucks and then it's throwing some little Trotsky that you'll never use, you know, the miracle pod. Now George says he was he had the miracle pod. But this is the kind of you're cooking. I can't smoke him. Okay. Okay. So that's where you get it, Adam. Just do a quick search. We have to be doing spots for them. You know, I've got to crack sales to Robin is right on top of that. Aren't they? No. That's not something. Huh? That's a national thing. Oh, and probably your answer is going to be involved in that. Oh, and yeah, he's probably walking around with a big, great smile on his face. BSO investigates his species package at post office. Oh, my. Oh, no. The BSO is investigating his suspicious package. Found in an Oakland Park post office around 940 this morning. This is from a Harold website. Boy, it's a miracle. Are there anything new? Can you believe that? Wow. The first office at 3400 north Andrews Avenue is not being evacuated at this time. And the BSO is not releasing any further information at this time. In other words, what they should have said, and I can't agree with what I've said. It would have said the investigation continues, right? Is that what they always say? Sublet that. But they're a life to be different. Now this is a, and this is the last story I'm going to read about Michael Jackson. Okay. Promise until the next one. I'm, you know, obviously we talked about Terry and her. She was disgusting. Michael Jackson acquitted but not exonerated. This is pretty interesting. I thought maybe I'm wrong, but I thought. You know what I thought? What did you think? Pretty interesting. Michael Jackson may have been acquitted, but if jurors were, is there anything we go by? He was not exonerated. In post-rock comments, several hinted and some said bluntly that they suspect they indeed molested children. Especially that juror number one has been on TV how many times today already? About third man. Faced with instructions to find him guilty beyond reasonable doubt though they considered that they had to vote not guilty. Something many who followed the case say is a victory for the justice system, but not necessarily for Jackson 46 who remained hold up at his neverland family ranch Tuesday. Not guilty is not the same as innocence as former set of our preprosecular craigsmith who followed the trial from the start, but our whole system is based on the premise that it's better let a guilty man go free and they're convicted innocent man except of course in the deep south. Jackson did not speak to his fans, but as attorney Thomas, what a mess my here is role may or do in your made one thing clear. He'll be far more guarded about whom he lets into it. I want you to listen to these words, okay? Because it's interesting the way somebody's media types these talking him to say, oh he's not going to do this no more. That's how many said. He said he will be far more guarded about whom he lets into his room and will not. And will no longer allow people to come into his life and run free me through his home. So that doesn't mean he's going to stop sleeping with little boys. There is no chance that's going to happen. He says he's not going to do that anymore because of the false charges that were brought by Mr. Mayor's a messerosa on today. Outside Neverland fans cars lined an arrow country roadly near the estate and projection signs indicated the international flavor of fan base that long go cease to be US centered because in the US or on to them. Iran is here for Michael, red one posted near the huge gates that open every few minutes to let Jackson and associates in the heavily guarded compound. From Italy, Michael, we stand for you, red another, long side of sign with a Japanese lettering and a message in in place, make love your weapon. Oh here I did that. Well, that's what it was on trial for. We are very happy with the verdict. We have what we want to say. Danuta, a slowsky, 22 of Germany, this missing suggestion that some people might still view Jackson with suspicion. I thought there was Terry Stanford that saying that's on. Yeah, there's no suspicious mind. Right. Sorry. We hate all this. In a new conference in an individual, no, I don't hate all this. You guys do. I just heard. I hate it personally. I thought it was because it was bad. Yeah, I'm quick picking on him. I already split that guy before. I think it's not cool to do that. See, he's fat and rotiske. Yeah, Phil Poppin. Yeah, quick picking on Terry and her. That's why I played the John John thing. Obviously, I might even play the while your window is open thing. Just to show that they show is about porting. Oh, it's wrong with it. It's sensitive bastard. You've lost the vision. See, this is my line. No, this is very revolutionary. Just like those people would say, what are cold-hearted bastard? You even go to his mother's funeral. One somebody is dead. That's not the time to be nice to them. That's not the time to pay tribute to them. The time to be nice to him is while they're still alive. I didn't wait until George and Josh were dead to send them the flavor wave of it. So, I said, I'm not there. I was still alive. And while I was still alive. Got it? Got it. Could there you go? Could creep once in your head? Yeah, that's it. Move on. Move on. Life is for the living. In fact, who said that? Was it Bogart? One of those biography shows. And all these dead people on it. That was, in fact, it was him. It was hungry Bogart. I can't more respect from this. I'm watching that show about his thing. I got fighting the comedy, which hunts of the year. Late 40s, early 50s. Joe McCarthy and that bunch of crazy glam. And then of course, he's a whole attitude about death. You know, he said, life is for the living. Just go on and live and don't worry about me. I'll be all right. Everybody wake up. Got a marble. He wouldn't hit a camel. He probably was smoked animals. He was a lot more mocks of than even the marble, man. And what we can knock marlboro is because one thing we know they're never going to be advertising on this radio station. Are they? No. We can knock all the cigarette companies. Like, let's do that. Let's make a whole show out of that. Hey, they're bad for you. What are the worst packets besides Mr. Raj? In a news conference and an individual interview is after Jackson was acquitted in all ten counts of euros and declare message they were not so much convinced of Jackson innocence and uncommitted his guilt based on faulty evidence and flaky witnesses. I like that. I don't know they had dandruff. Well, help. Their views were reminiscent of those expressed by yours. And March after they acquitted actor Robert Blake, a murdering his wife, who was shot in a couple's car after they had eaten dinner in the restaurant. You were a set of credibility problems with key prosecution witnesses, a similar issue to Jackson jurors and the faded worker come back spitted by the defense. Do I think he says it? I'll never know the blictory form in Thomas Nicholson said later, but the bitch had a comment. He didn't say that we did. Jean Rosenbooth, a former assistant in US attorney in LA who teaches Dorothy University of Southern California, said that while such comments may be disturbing to some people, they point to what makes the system great that you have to prove you're beyond a reasonable doubt. And even as Jackson's fans in defense team, a lot of the acquittal is a victory. Rosenbooth said that jurors' public explanation of their verdicts clearly said a very different message. Michael Jackson may have been found not guilty, but the world is certainly going to be left for the impression that he might be a child molester, she said, might my ass. None of that mattered to the fans who said the acquittal coming on top for prosecutor's figure 93 to build a criminal case against Jackson was the all the ex-autoracy they needed. Ryan Williams, 27 of London, was flying to LA when they piled on the verge of the war. He said, just as per veils, always from London, you're fairie. One person who viewed things differently was former Santa Barbara County Sheriff Jim Thomas, who was involved in the 92 molestation investigation that ended when the alleged victim said a lot of court rejection for about 20 million. Thomas called it a shame that the latest accused is credibility was taken by his mother. A prosecutor in witness who many jurors said they neither trusted nor liked. You learned to accept the losses from time to time, but it's perhaps a little more bitter when you know at least in your mind or heart that the crime is committed. As if justice was served, he paused for several seconds. I don't know, but it doesn't make any difference this system worth he said. A ball ball he said he hoped the outcome would not deter other young abuse victims from coming forward. He also said there was no guarantee Jackson wouldn't be back in court one day. My sense is if he doesn't change his habits, he'll be back there again someday. Or at the very least, right figure checks. What comes to a entertainment that it is real luxury, real luxury, and James. Who's real luxury? James, James. Yeah. Do you know what's going on? No. What you're screaming for? Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? Why are you laughing? I'm out to the truth. I feel scared because your temper will watch why you. I'm dying of a hair. I was at the first time. Claro. Get this thing over with Terry. damage woman. Penalist Panska medical examiner John, talk Martin concluded there was no evidence of strangulation, a rather trauma leading to her collapse. He also said she had not appeared or suffered a heart attack, and there was no evidence that she was given harmful drugs, a rather substance as prior to her death. Octopsie was also in the 41-year-old brain damage woman who made public this morning, Yadiyada Yadiyada issued that from hydration, he said. He said she would not have been able to either drink if she had been given food by mouth as a person said requested. Removal of her feeding Q, what a result of her death, whether she was fed or hydrated by mouth or not, he told reporters. He said that Chiveau's brain was about half the unexpected size when she died March 31, 13 days after her feeding Q. Those are moves. You haven't just eaten this so I can say that. Could it got better? The brain weighed 615 grams, roughly half the expected way that the human brain, the damage was so irreversible and no amount of therapy or treatment would have regenerated the massive loss of neurons. He said. There he goes. There is the final story with Terry and her Q. Now we can get to a lot of the things. Speaking of other things, yes, Hank Colden and says John Manan will be having a press conference at noon saying that he would be going to NBC for Sunday Night Football. I ride. We don't hear you. Oh, right. I like John Manan a lot. Thanks, Humper. We should carry that press conference. Especially John Manan. Well, you know what? Because the 140-Funders, because I can turn on TSN right now and I'm here in DMT that the sports center was on. But they're doing drill drivers. They're driving it. But they're in commercial. It'll probably be on right here and it's not that it'll be on right there. It'll be on somewhere we don't want to carry it. But nevertheless, we got that great man. What does that fit we got? It's fairly new to the Madden and oh, geez. You know what I'm talking about? No, you probably don't. I'll find it. All right. It's fairly recent. Anyway, moving right along. I don't want to get too verbose here, but I will anyway. Because we got a short show today. We got less than two hours to go. Okay. Okay. Because we got Marwan's on deck at 145 from Ridley Field in Chicago. How's that pull coming? I'm really amazed at Berlin's got only wine. You want to know why must we all the juseless thing? Or hoating? Well, because they had that German phobic thing. I don't know why not. Berlin is so much to see the bull and wall in the Brandon Brigade and the old bomb out church and oh, I'm just so much and great food and just wonderful people and the ones under 40. So we're just over 40 just to step over. 237 votes. What the best vacation city in the world is and you're right, Vegas will win. We gave it. We gave everybody also head start. That was a good idea, you know what? It was just by accident, but we gave everybody also running start. Because Vegas will win. Honolulu 58, Vegas 46, Amsterdam 45, New York 45, roll my 35, the eternal city, the city of seven hills. It's the best. Paris 27, Chicago 16, Florence 15, Boston 11, London 10 and everybody else in a single religion including Berlin with Solomon Feuhron. Oh, not bad news. Atlanta one last night had a brave one again. Mark that down. Because Hey, Marlon's got bushwack. They got slaughtered in Chicago. Well, get it all the way. Fourteen nothing is just no different than one nothing, right? Sure. Still, I still you put it in the alcohol. That's all. Whether it's one nothing 14, or 180, five, in fact, maybe the cup of the worst they saved seven and 14 runs for today. Catch my drift, hopefully. Yeah. A state of field court in New Jersey ruled yesterday that Jersey's constitution does not require the recognition of gay marriage, rejecting the efforts of seven same sex couples who sued the state to allow them to marry. You're fairly. The panel in a two to one decision affirmed a lower court ruling that said legislator's must change marriage laws before same sex couples can win without legislator. There was no basis for construing the New Jersey constitution to compel the state to authorize marriages between members of the same sex appellate judge Stephen Skillman, wrote for the, would you like to Stephen Skillman? Oh, sounds like one of my people. At any rate, see at some of my people against the amount of my other people. As opposed to your happen, well, that my people know when your people are ready. Okay. Uh, from what I hear, they're already ready. Opponents of same sex marriage will announce tomorrow an initiative for decision of what a constitutional amendment on the Massachusetts state by about in 2008 that would ban gay marriages law makers, activists involved in the yesterday. The decision amount, the effort for a defense of marriage act, valic question follows months of intense debates among foes of same sex marriage, many of whom worried that a competing compromise measure already before the legislature will fail when it comes up for vote leader this year. That compromise, which would could go on the 2006 ballot, would ban same sex marriage but establish civil unions for gay and lesbian couples, a provision of opponents call marriage light. It's a, well, not a euphosophoreal, if there you know what that's all about marriage light. The, what? Or you know, the marriage heavy. It's a bonus for for a ban on the same sex marriage without subidunance, even as a plan means waiting until the 2008 ballot. So there you go, Massachusetts, they're all whipped up into a frenzy, okay? Meanwhile, I think this is the week on Terry are in fact in Canada, not just in Ontario. This is the week in this country here that they're going to be like voting the apartment. They're going to be all screaming each other and pounding on the table. Look at that, I love that. I just love that. Oh, yes, the best. And I will tell you that, Chan, host dropkick. Did you see that? Did you see that? Little counter-times out there on the amount. Oh, that's old. Those old stuff they're showing. Now and discover that wanting to start a scrap, sometimes isn't enough. Why are they showing this stuff now? This ain't so, I don't get ready for John Madden, the press conference. So John Madden is going to go to NBC to do Sunday night football. Yeah, starting in those six because obviously he has one more year left. And with Fox. Right. Well, the ABC money night football. I mean, with ABC. Yeah, what would we just say? With ABC and my football with the Michaels, right? They got one more week. Look at the bat. Now let's see who's going to be on a game with them. Hey, don't forget good news today. Never one do we have a shirt, you're a but no more. No more. He's got today off because we have to model game on 45. No more. Speaking of sports, as Howard Cossell would say, this is really one of the most weird stories of all time. I think it's great. So yeah, that's because you hate FSU like poison. You hate the seminals. You hate Bobby Bowen and you probably didn't hate Terry Bowen, that Yahoo would his finger up his nose. Resid up his spectrum. But. The spended FSU quarterback Wyatt Sexton was taken to a hospital by police who said they observed him behaving strangely, lying in the street and telling them he was God. Oh God. Sexton was hospitalized Monday night and on Tuesday yesterday, if FSU official said he was still under medical care at an under-scores location, he hasn't been charged with any crime. FSU assistant athletic director Rob Wilson said Sexton had been suspended from the team two weeks ago because of a previously under-scores violation of team rules. He declined to elaborate on the world rule. Sexton broke and said the incident Monday appeared to be unrelated. I can't imagine what kind of rule it was. Can you? No, what? That would cause this bizarre behavior. Sexton's 20 is son of FSU's assistant head coach and running by Sexton. Wilson said neither head coach Bobby Bowen nor Sexton's father would comment. Sexton will be a junior in the fall to go over the starting quarterback job for the noils that midseason last year. But was expected to compete for the job this year with your weatherford and Xavier Lee, who were registered to this freshman last year. All registered. In other words, they're going to be there for 18 years. And incident report by Tallahassee Police officer Zachary Lin, the city was called or residential neighborhood about a report of a man doing push-ups in the street and acting strangely. Police also said they've heard a call from a different person about a man in the same location, laying in the street and yelling at passes by. Another report in the manager jumped on a car and then Josh you said that it was also something about him barking like a dog. Yeah, that's a throw that at two. The line said he found Sexton in the middle of the road wearing only a pair of what's shorts. The officer asked Sexton if he was okay, didn't get a response. He was asked several times what the man's name was and eventually Sexton replied that he was, God, it sounds like Howard Beale. At one point the man stepped toward Lin and even Howard Beale said, I don't want to he saw the face of God. You know, he didn't claim to be God. At one point the man stepped toward Lin and ran away from him when the officer yelled from the stop. He turned and got on his hands and he's yelled of identities at the officer and stared at him. He said, this is before he heard Sexton my charge and so we'd dust him with pepper spray and radio for our assistance. Talk to him. What? Talk to him. I love it. After officers about a man. After officers about the police handcuffed him. I identified himself as Sexton. They said he took him to the hospital for a few years. He was a danger to himself for others. They said that Sexton appeared to be on the influence of some unknown narcotic or alcohol. But officials at the hospital said they didn't have any information on him, including whether he'd been found to be under the influence of anything. He's one on his first high grade point average. He's from Tallahassee and grew up around the FSU program. His roommate stole him. That's six night of the day. Dave Matthews. That would do it. Dave Matthews band, concert in Tennessee with a world of your Monday. They didn't believe he'd been drinking or taking any drugs that saved and stressed out over trying to win the starting quarterback job in a fall. Well, what did that? You get stressed out. Maybe if that in your hands, it easy you underwear and you start barking like a dog and yelling up some of these, right? Almost every day. Guy's dang right. What a country sport. Although get carried away. It's a good friend you'll find. Yeah. Yeah, the ball's out. So, you know, that's just practice. Okay, just realize there's no pressure. No pressure. There's audio ball itself. So we came to those spots. And there's no English. Let me go. Let me go. Big one. Figure something out. Well, we're figuring something out what I'm going to do just to cover our ass because we don't have a lot of time to be. I'll do like my ritted spot from the next hour. How's that? Sounds good. Good thinking? Sure. Work ahead. Well, no. Cause that opens you up a slot. So you understand? Because I don't want to lose to a spot. I don't want to lose to a spot. I don't want to lose to a spot. I don't want to lose to a spot. Otherwise we're all going to get shot. There's no excuse. Now, figure what I'm wants and for all, including those new Asian subterranean termites. Always something that when growth tests crawling around your house, especially in Florida. So if you think you've got termites, you just want to be on a safe side and protect your house and keep it in one piece. Call our friends at RittedPestControl 2A for a free termite inspection. RittedPestControl uses this amazing orange roll treatment I've been telling you about that kills termites and termites 100% on contact. They're gone faster than you can say our equipment is a pilot grant. If you have termites as the best possible way to give rid of them forever, you don't have to take your house either. You don't have to move out to the motel or the hotel and have everybody laugh and ask off and pointing into your home like it's the circus. No worry about poisonous gas either. No worry about food or pets in your health. They treat your home when it's amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all when they're done treating your property. The only thing left behind for just a few days is the clean set of oranges. It is in a higher. So if you have a termite problem whether it's a single home and apartment building or condo townhouse call RittedPestControl today and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact. No tending. No games. No BS. No kidding. Calright now for a free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-447-448. That's 1-800-447-43-48. And that's really great in the sunshine state and we're a little late but are we going to do the break and on? No. No. No. Candace I'm just asking. No no pressure on me. We only got an hour and 45 minutes to go for Christ's Sates. That's already noon. Noonish. Right. I'm really looking forward to that break to have some lunch. But you can go ahead and have to install anyway. You're always talking with your mouth full anyhow and as everybody tells me. In fact George is going to be doing the summer shows eating on here. Right. Remember I used to do that once a time of time. It's perfect. Almost got fired over it. Who did? Me did. Well that's right. That was an important day. What about the first one? Well back until I said board gear was a joyshold but we already know that. Yeah. They're working on the vault right now as we speak. Yeah. And what would you like me to do? This continued moving or logging on the sun. Because you did come up on noon. No listen to me. This might turn out to be a gift from God. They all got it. Because Hank said that at noon John Madden was homeless press conference. Although I'm looking right now and I'll please don't tell me this offload show is on now. Oh please please tell me. Oh it's on now off the record on TSN. So it's not going to be on there. But the good news is I've got 75,000 different sports channels on my cable here. Oh here's soccer. We have to see the self-adjust. All right. We don't want to see that. I guess I'm going to have to punt. Okay. We could go to the horse racing channel. I was able to try to finish it out. Captain Marvelous says that following trepid moving up. So here comes stars rogue come a long way back. But what's your nutrition is keeping three out the toe forward. It's what's your nutrition to prevail. Is that a great area? Are you part of the SPN? Would they be carrying this press conference? Right exactly. Because I got the SPN on TSN but they got their own show. There's horrible off the record show on right now. One of them were shows over. Is that where they sit around on a little table there? Right you got to look at it right. Got these bozos sitting on high. Oh wait, man. Here's the Fox World Sports report. They got some good soccer stuff. I'm looking to take over a school possession of first place in group D at the under 20 World Channel. I'm going to curb that crap. Okay, but that football with you. Here's least lunch. They should be outside this. You said, again, you hear other. Yeah, Jason. Balls playing a call. We can't hear about that. That sounds that's rated to me. You're what he said. Tacing balls. Yeah. Can't do that. Here's the score. Jason T. Yankee stayed in my costume. And he's playing the ball. And he's the butcher. And I'm assuming capacity of just under 51,000. It will resemble the rich and like Yankee stadium in many ways should be done. It's like 2,000. Great. I mean, we already know what the press conference is going to be. Why the hell do we need to put it on the air? We know John Mann's going to go to NBC next year. And he's going to do a Sunday at football. And we love John Madden. And he's very funny. And I'll find that bit and the hear soccer though. He's back on the pitch. I can hear a bull kick. Oh, his camera's against Columbia. No, he's got the good drugs in that match. Let's see. I don't know if it will seem crap. Okay, so forget about it. I'm just going to continue. You let me know when you want to run some spots. Okay, let me cross this one out. Well, you know, fire gutting the airs. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, why not? It's Florida. Florida, Joyce and way. He kills man Heidi and Edic from police. Really, a good impact. I hope it doesn't happen to do well. Why I do hope it happens to Beth. But not Mrs. Wallace. Not all Edna. She's the best character on passions now. But anyway, they're in a closet. They're hiding from the recent Sheridan. I know you're watching that, Sheridan. Seriously, every day now. Oh, yeah. This is in a place I've never heard of. The Barry Florida, to where to DE, capital B.A.R. Why, the Barry Florida, have you heard that? I might have. You did? You know, all these little challenges. You drive nine or a little bit. Officials in Florida say a man hiding from police died in an attic where the temperature climbed above 100 degrees on Monday. Royal hearing 57 was hiding in the attic of a sister's home in the Barry Florida. Mary hearing Donaldson said her brother probably wanted to avoid the police. He called the house a judge in order to hurry not to have contact with the sister after him. He made 23 domestic battery charge. The Lusia County Sheriff deputies arrived at 3 p.m. but no one answered a knock at the door. Donaldson called deputies back to the house around 5 p.m. Deputies found the attic door wedged shut. Once inside the discovered hearing's body, officials said the temperature inside the attic was more than 100 degrees. They said that he died either from heat exhaustion or a heat stroke. But the bottom line is his last words were, I'm dying on the hair. I like that. How a great idea to hide in the attic when the temperatures above 100. Little less and all you kids out there. Okay, so what's the story? Oh four killed on suicide attack on Baghdad Marketplace. This is over and above the ones we had earlier. Says the two most wanted men in the US. That's not it. So we got four more dead people in Iraq and it's still a Wednesday over there. Just he just doesn't stop. Does anybody care? Is there anything what I happen? Is the madness going to stop? Jesus, okay, Christ. If the media gave like 1% of the attention, don't be pointing at me either because we do the Iraq stories every day on a show for an hour single day. So don't be giving me a son and that's because one day we did all that heavy duty Michael Jackson crap because that's all you could talk about. But if the media would pay 1-10 to 1% of the growth test in the bar bearities in sanity that's going on over there and the Downing Street memos and the six new memos that we've got on our website now, that's story which is much too long to go into. But all these other British memos, they would find out that there's something people need to know more importantly than about Michael Jackson who he's didlin. Okay. And whether he got it well whether was the giant economy size jar of gasoline or the small putting your pocket one. The pocket rock. Speaking of pocket rock at our fat ass governor, may let tribes espam gambling. Oh, you like that. Body white of it. Governor jab Bush agreed to stay to open negotiations with the seminal trial Florida ended allowing them to expand their gaming offerings and their reservations. The governor a vigorous gambling opponents sent a statement that the decision to open talks with the Indians was inevitable. In the wake of a photo of slot machines and grower per mutuals when Florida's voter signal change in the state's policy toward gambling. But Bush resisted the Indians requests and negotiations for more than seven months. What's the time that the zombies were going to give the Indians before a thermo spires in 2006? It's going to be a process to determine if common ground can be reached and entering into negotiations makes no guarantee that the agreement can be reached. Bush spokesman, Rushless twice. Oh boy. And then a good one. Let's see what it says here at the end. The governor will negotiate on the bare minimum voting provide is what he's saying. Representative Marco Rubio, a member of Republican House negotiated around the issue said he expects the toxic one for several months because he believes the governor will try to give his little as possible. The per mutual industry welcome news of the negotiations as a sign they could be getting close to the getting slot machines too. If the tribes were to get a compact eventually the playing field catches up to Alan Coslow, the general counsel for Pompano Park. I don't see the state giving the one and not the other. Well, good luck to us all Alan. So I can say. You're fat ass governor. It worked again. You. And we're doing the best weekend at a difficult circumstance just like with our spots today and we have a lot of real spots on the log that I'm noticing before the ballgame comes on and we damn well better get this all straight now or some heads are going to rule. You know what I'm saying? Right. What do you think? We're doing what we can. We're still can't do it. No. Can't play a model control room? No, they're both down. Oh my god. And the both out? Oh my god. Worker. They're building 90 chance. Who? Corporate. You know corporate. All corporate. You mean Bob for move? Yeah, he's probably working on something. That's why the audio vaults are right. Everybody's dead. Yeah. Audio equipment like falls apart. I think it's like a reflex. reflex action. When you're equipment sees him in the building and just all like, well, I think he goes in there, you know, shut up. That's all I see. When I see him, that's how I feel. Alan is rolling over and die. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 10. We'll take a couple of calls. This is all screwed up. I will do some live spots. Yeah, carry out a clear here. Well, no, that will open up some slots with live spots. Okay. Play nice long bit or something. I don't want to play a lot. We don't have time to waste. See, you're in the time wasting business. I'm a like the productive business if you believe that. Not. No, no, but seriously, we don't have the time to waste today. We got a short show. It's only 15 minutes, but boy, it kind of gets you all backed up. Plus there's no calls on there right now. Anyways, that's good. Oh, there's one. They're not. W2AM. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Are you done here, scored? How about your partner? Take a long time at a score man. I'm going to die. Okay, no, no. As in no Rogers, okay. No, no. Anyway, efforts go to end then. I don't know if I'm going to get soldiers. That's how desperately they are now. They can't get anybody to sign up. Nobody wants to commit suicide. I mean, be used as a human sacrifice. So whatever we would let you fake it to die if you were. Right, that's all you fake. It's come on down. We changed to mind. Okay. And in fact, we don't mind letting you guys get killed. You'll go and put credits to the military. Don't act. Don't tell policy are gaining new allies, including a few conservative members of Congress and a West Point professor as they press on multiple fronts to overturn the ban on out of the closet gaze and lesbians in the armed forces. You're fair. As part of their strategy upon this to the policy, I know highlighted in the ongoing struggles of our man Marine recruiters. The service members, legal defense that were says in a new report that many highly transpectualists, including combat engineers and linguists, are being discharged in volunteer and voluntarily while the Pentagon is facing extreme challenges and recruiting and retaining troops. How do you like that? I just mentioned that in casting. On you, fake. It's with Matt Lich back in because we're desperate. All I'm ahead of us, they don't want to get killed. They should also remind that the Muslim's really hate that. So that'll push it through right away. Dominic, you're a. Hello. Good afternoon. How are you? When is this? I try to get in on your shorted show today. That's quite a relief for you. Not sure enough, but yeah. I just want to make it quick. Comment about, uh, animal coast on the way to my right. In the paper today, they were closed down yesterday from the health department. Well, that's great. 5.6.7.0.56. The pound 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. Anybody believe that? No, no. Actually, really, introverted. What are you talking about? I'm a part of the truth, but we're not going to talk about it. What is true? Good. Why do we have that thing on me for? Just to make me look like a jackass? What the. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. You have to be kidding me. Nice job, Adam. You're right on top of it, sweetheart. Anyway, moving right along. Let me kill you. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Listen for your full, uh, caramel and California. Caramel California is a magnificent place. Beautiful city. Uh, I think a good thing they came out of for Michael Jackson's trial. Um, he was so scared yesterday going in. He can go to his septic surgeon and say, hey, look, that's the shit. And why did he want? And by the way, George, if you knew that, how come he didn't tell me that? You just found out? I just found out. And how am I going to tell you, you know, sir, a petition. Facts. Right. Well, the venue you have to stop beating for a minute. No, you wouldn't. It's um, not that big of you. Okay, good. Well, and that's something we want to talk about. They're not going to be that call. They're calling new it, but obviously just looking to create a problem. We've got several people out there in the audience. And now that we got our 75 minute delay, and they're going to happen. Trust me when I say it with the racial stuff and a sponsor stuff. And all day, the little games you want to play. Probably coming from across the street. And that's what the crap they got on the air and the numbers that they have. Not. It's easy to understand why. WQAM, hello. Can I talk to you? No. No chance. Not with a voice like that. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Meal. Yep. Um, those, those on the hotstay. Yeah, they're the best. 560560. In fact, I'm glad you mentioned that. I'm not going to be showing up to sack you. He must have been sitting on the other guys lap, you know. He was lap. So I'm going to do my life's boss because naturally we need to get these all in. And the rest of the stuff that's, let's say you guys problems. This is, that's our engineering department's problems. How to say that that audio vault stuff we tried to tell met a long time ago. Way back in the beginning. Remember that? First day I said, you know, this thing crashes a lot and it's good to have a spare. Yeah, the control. In fact, as ridiculous as it sounds back in the day of playing cards. At least if you play the cards, no matter how noisy the world may muddy in the camera. Because they wouldn't get eaten. Right. But at least you can pretend that you actually ran this spot as opposed to the audio vault where you can't charge nobody. 12 minutes past noon at 560WQM, the home of technical incompetence and at least we went up a good, but we are consistent. If you're in the market for a new card, truck, we want you to stop by Armstrong for the home set this week. Because four does offered new discounts and prices right now are well below the market price. Right now, Armstrong for this financing as low as 0% or rebates above the 6th ran or you can drive away in a brand new Ford make no payments for 6 months. The bottom line is when you add the Armstrong for discount and the bonus cash and send it from Ford. There is no better time to buy new Ford than right this moment. So pick up the phone right now called David Rich, use the GM at 305, 2475112, and ask him for the Neil Deal. They got a deal for you on a brand new Ford just for listing of this show. When you buy from Armstrong for the home set, you get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program too. Hi, guarantee it. I'll bet your animals life on it. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No phone deals. Armstrong for the home set, the refuel 725 south fixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 36. So give David Rich a call 305 24751 12 and ask David about the Neil Deal. Run the wicked way if you can check out the Armstrong cars.com. But whatever you do, be sure and stop down this week. Save like never before. Save yourself thousands for driving this if you record miles at Armstrong Ford of home state. Well, the home state. I bet your farm, we can actually take a break. That's right. Well, what do you know? What a fantastic sport. We are the best sports. The sports vehicle bikes is your function way. What a f**k f**k f**k. Here's God. Let's go. I've got my bag of books. The telling me and every one, you can't slow this stuff. No someone please pass me the pie. I'm a doctor's from their son dad's right. Pretty soon when I get the munchies. Cookies and mail will be nice. Have the body now. That we need make my play go. I'm curious and more real. And I love where I look in the mirror. And come come come back back back back. God will make me stay away from home. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I'm a doctor's from my son dad's. I don't want to pick. We hit the problems with the audio fault and all the other problems we've had today. I'm looking at our website and it's just on me. We got our straight now on the difference between cheesehead, tombs and tomorrows. We've got our big sign on there. We've got our big banner starting next week. I'm a little off on this. He's on the law. Let's get to the next week. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm 47. I thought our leaders were there to serve the people. Why is it that when the people strongly support stem cell research to one, the president threatens to veto it? They don't think that it's just the way they want it. Many of the people in the public office make crooked deals like Halibird and Pasor on the agenda and screw the people. They're not going to be a doctor. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. I'm a doctor's. Good, golly Miss Molly. Oh, we don't want to sign on to that. Might piss off our constituents, so care, good old boy constituents. Just like that killing guy there, Mr. Subby. I can't believe you haven't seen Mrs. Subby burning. Why could have a yearning to see Mrs. Subby burning? I don't know. You might be able to be looking at some times. Why would you be looking at some of those? So what does that mean? I know how it ends. I don't have to buy it. Send it to you. No. My not. You might watch it. No interest. You have no interest. I know all about the story. I saw you. No, the story was a terrible story. I was sad that the lynched region, I don't see anything you'd be meant to say to the events that I know all. Okay, so in other words, you have about as much interest in the United States to ensure that it was less. No, sure the list was a good move. Now we're even. Hey, all of you are burning. Was it great moving? All right. I'll watch this. It's a good move. If you watch sure the list. No. I'll say. We're even. You know, IRS problems, tax problems are going to be destroying all aspects of your life. They take it toll on you financially. Physically, emotionally, all of these things. All of you should come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. CPE, Jamie Bucklewald, in the Bucklewild tax for my help and your IRS problems forever. And give me back some peace of mind, which is why other top CPE and law firms are further clients to the bucklewild tax from when they have problems with the anxious IRS. I think any of this is a facility, you know. Line out of the potential criminal prosecution. You'll own file tax returns for fear even if you lost all your records. Now maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage-living, old payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe like a settle for thousands less than your own need time to pay. Whatever your situation, the bucklewild tax from these are the people that turn to get some help. The y'all pre-way free in the obligation consultation, affordable and guarantee fees, and immediately from IRS harassment if not much sooner. And best of all, you need to have to go to those IRS meetings because the bucklewild tax firm handles all meetings and discussions. Call them today, 9.54, 5.75, 28.100, get the IRS monkey off your back. Whether you attend grand a million dollars anything in between the IRS taxes, the bucklewild tax from a healthy out. Call them today for that pre-consultation or visit monnawebid IRSFeedem.com and stop fretting about the IRS not can on your front door. 9.54, 5.75, 28.100. We're the out for school, school, school, school you buy 60. God, not around. We'll definitely vote for Tika, slap in all the wind, and the paint and lifts around the bull. I listen to the new Rogers one to two of us. I mean I didn't send any other answers. I just earned balance when I failed. What the fuck? I'm going to the door to go to the door door doors. Hey Sam, all the things I did when you were doing the way. I still was easy. And the way you were doing, having to go to the door doors. You can't be the way you were doing. You're doing the same thing. Oh no, the door doors are going to the door doors. You can't do it. People get to the door doors. And they had to go in the door door because you could just go the other way. And it started to come out. It's okay to be adults. They always go all the way. That's Dring Del II was too crazy to do something to.... Your being to the bar with the door that the door door door doors doors. You can't help being a great Louis Vuitton. When I used my pistons, I saw it on thezystaus, I said I did not want or... You wouldn't wanna wear the stainless metal or It did! They picked me a little higher and set it up? Yeah. The doctor, I'm going to the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the doctor, and then the everything, and then the doctor, so it isn't time to get your hand on your arm, down the work, at the trainingä»¤. Okay, we made just a headache. What doso's going to be doing to Aiti deficits? I don't know what is that. Another said pro, pro, pro, pro, pro, kill. We don't know what you're going to do I just told. Tell him it's started and I just told him it's already started. If that's okay, go ahead hit it! What doso, pro, go ahead hit it? Want me to $0.04 at $0.56 in person if you do want we've got a ball gain coming up boys and girls? We're all with Doc ran in Chicago. We wouldn't make hard of him. We only got the free game, show 1-45 to free game, and of course the Marlins at the Cubs 2 20. Marlins I'm decked 1-45. How come it's time for 3rd? Not that I'm complaining, 35 minutes. And that seemed like a strange amount of time. I sure I got plenty of free game. Well good. In fact, I think starting 1-3, it sounds even better to me. We can get all this far. Right. Yeah, we could. Starting right now. Magogs after the ball game till 7 o'clock, and then the Galilee is 7 o'clock tonight. Wow, and the edicates in the clock tonight. I see Galilee on Friday morning schedule. That'll be enough to make me go on vacation, you know? Our recall petitioner, Ravigant's Mayor James E West of Spokane over that gay sex scandal, can proceed as judge's rule. Benton County Superior Court Judge Craig Matison throughout two of the recall allegations against West. High ever, the allegations that have placed him properly offered City Jobs to many met in gay online chat rooms, should be put before the voters the judge said. The recall campaign was launched by Spokane resident Shannon Sullivan, who was said to begin the effort after finding herself at lost with explained newspaper reports of West alleged behavior to where some West lawyers had argued that Sullivan's petitioner should be dismissed as spatially and legally insufficient, a treaty with him F. Enter said he would consult with West about appealing the remaining recall charge to the state Supreme Court. We respectfully disagree with that one charge going forward, Enter said. The Spokane reviewed newspaper last month published allegations that West, a former GOP State Senate majority leader who long opposed gay rights sought out young men on a gay website and offered them gifts favors and jobs at City Hall. It doesn't say what kind of jobs and of course you also have said if we said it. It also said that too many queues of a molesting them when he was a sheriff deputy in Boy Scout leader in the early 70s and 80s. West 55 acknowledged having relations with an old men and visiting the website, but did either molestation allegations. Sullivan now must collect more than 12,000 signatures and six months to put the recall on the ballot. I promise I will get those signatures in emotional solvents, told reporters outside the courtroom. Mathisan heard the cases of visiting judge because Spokane County judges recused themselves setting much previous work as a sheriff's deputy and his long involvement in local government and politics. 5607056, we didn't squeeze a few calls in here between now and 145 right? Start squeezing. We don't have anybody but we could squeeze some in. 5607056, and pound five 60 and we've arrived in City of Writers' line. Best vacations city in the world is, dear little tip to some of your friends out there or maybe give a bad tip and come back to go to the connectivity and see if they have good time there. Tell them they're like a locked port would be good. Yeah. Or maybe just downtown Buffalo that would get even with them. That's Vegas in first place with 86 on over 75 followed by New York Amsterdam, Rome, Paris, etc. I think we're going to get a close-ness last hour. We're looking at this like that. Very concerned. Of course that whole last hour was an abortion. I just feel like we've been sabotaged. Don't let me forget tomorrow morning when a certain somebody comes in. You're fair. You know, that would. What? Yeah, that one. Yeah, this is absolutely a scheme. They're about to sing with Adam. I mean, how Adam, you? Yeah, I said, but I do. Yeah, but I'm not a bad guy. Yeah, I'm not a bad guy. I can't see. Okay, I think so. I hope I'd have been here knows. He said, we're fine. No, we're not fine. I don't want to get blindsided with crap, okay? Jesus Christ, one thing about those people. How could they be in selling radio when they know nothing about communicating? I don't know. The biggest bunch of it. And you don't want to know something. And I'm glad that this came up again. Some half-assed way. The interesting part about the sales department as it's constituted right now is that the overwhelming majority of the accounts of these people have, they've inherited from somebody else. They didn't sell them. Somebody else sold them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He didn't sell that account. He inherited from somebody else. I don't want to mention Brian Schmutz. But we could go down the whole list. And maybe with a couple of exceptions, of course, not to mention it once they've already blown off, or maybe that's another story in skipping. It is an industry disgrace. The kind of slack and that goes on in that place. Discrace. And I say it with a heavy face. WQAM. Hello. Like to take some mason, shoot an mason. Okay, back to you. WQAM. Yeah. Listen. I don't know what I was mentioned a San Francisco. It was a beautiful city to you, Mary. Yeah. Yeah. I hate to admit it also. I can't hear before I move from San Francisco to Florida for the case. Yeah. It's good to the beach. There wasn't that bad. But after I moved here. Thank you. You made a bad mistake. I really listen. Also I'll clear salespeople. Maybe you should give them some Glenn Gary. Yeah. Maybe I should give them some Glenn. And it's not coffee for them. Coffee for closures. Like I've always seen guys couldn't close the door. Even if he had assistance. So he said that it would be fun to move. That was his answer. He said he just had just thought out about it. And by that told us to lay it. Yeah. You mama. That's my comment to you Adam. You mama. You can't complain about the service in these guys. Because it's not their vocabulary. Oh, he's usually, you know, he's usually the exception. And now he's let me down. Right before vacation, no less. Just to make sure that I'm a real sour frame of mind for the summer time. Thanks a lot, Adam. The one guy that we thought we could count on. Good old Adam, you know. Solid is a rock. Rock solid. That's the guy. And he comes to me. But we believe we'll be like that. We'll have an answer to that. But we'll be put a boop. So, how many QAM? Hello. How about my army? I know. Fox. Yeah. You're dying all right. Week. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, how come you? Yes, sir. Hey, I know it's already on there. I'm driving it for 11 out here. I vote for Seattle. It's like a dog. I just played that day that it's Tondress boring. See, some of the bits are good enough to play like almost every day. But that's like a once a month kind of a thing. When you agree with that, you're like, yeah. See, how many times have I said that? But 30 minutes. We let the audience dictate the stuff that we play. It's like record. This is same thing. Yeah. I'm using stations for years and years. Request the same song over and over. And then by the time you got your header for the 45 minute time, you want to kill somebody. You know, I think that's why he changed Taylor. I don't really care about his music that much when we were the other. But just if I hear fire and rain one more time, I will kill somebody. WQAM, hello. I'm Dan of it. Yeah, sounds like it. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been around many places in the world. Probably one of the best in the field. Born vacation. I don't want to be your. Yeah. Yeah, right. Right, Buffalo. See, there's another clown. Hey, you're something you've been in there perfect like your glove right in somebody's. Yeah. Like a proctorologist glove. He sounds like somebody at Tana Wanda, you know? I was thinking be a little more specific like North Tana Wanda. That's my favorite. How about Cheetah Waga or what you're even better than that? How about depue after you finish it Buffalo Raceway in Hamburg? How about depue? Man, that's how the Buffalo really is. It is the anus of the universe. I thought that was here. No. Yeah, Florida is the one thing all the max you can make on Florida any part of Florida. But man, it just shines. It rises to the top compared to Buffalo. Buffalo is like the most grotesque the most disgusting and the weather starts to, you know? Just just a horrible place. So let's all go to Rochester and sit the lielocks. What do you say? Let's get on that theory and go across Lake Ontario. Do fairy. Probably the center of what a guy that said Rochester I'm afraid was serious. Well, you know, maybe he's just he's just not a party kind of animal, you know? He likes to kind of quiet. He wants to go to Cobb's Hill and sniff the pansies. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit and price, those are the three ingredients that it's all about. All of these things. So get yourself over the brand these shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite sell shoes. Brand these carries a humongous selection of all the top brands in this you've been as no off brands. They carry this up names like rock sports and floor shaman, echo and the fistow. New balance, SAS and more. And brand these professional shoe fitters will make sure you got a perfect customized video your favorite comfort shoe every time ask for Arnie. They'll make sure you get a perfect fit. The pros and the pros and the brand. He's understand fit and comfort because after 25 years of serving South Florida, there's still a family business. They give you personal friendly service. So it's worth a trip from just about anywhere in town. For comfort style, fit, value and selection. It's always brand these shoes. It's 1290 North federal highway, poverty beach. Open Monday through Saturday till 9 and Sunday till 5. And just in 10 for five years, they floor shaman, new balance story and rock sports. Selected men styles all on sale right now and all this week. At brand these, so vision 7 of the store or do your shoe shopping on her website at brand these shoes.com. What a concept sports. We got story. Sports where you'll find 60. Two million. People are ice holes coming up tonight. Uninsighted behind the true Hollywood celebrity news biography profile story. She brought the general relaxing sounds of jazz under the pop charts. God, like the 80s weren't dough enough. She was shot day. Oh yeah, that's smooth all right. Oh man, this is music that came out of the sauna too. Damn, she had it. It took you a rip, but up a little girl friend. Oh, nice one, you freaking moron. What were you drunk, but much? No, no, I was listening to shot day. What? Oh, alright, that one, yeah. Oh, this, I didn't mean to yell at you, Mr. Oh, that's alright. Hey, you just got the wrong word. I've been sleeping outside the sauna. Shonny, if they won't refill your Zanax, she'll freaking do. It's a big juicy, sobbing with like a chill business tonight on its out of the behind. They have me recorded this part before it fell asleep. One 18-to-que way, yeah, Marys Lumbaz attorney asked a judge today for copies of the Conservative Comotator sealed medical records, so he can provide a list of privileged information that should not be turned over to prosecutors, investigating Lumbaz drug use. The State Attorney's Office said the records contain information at Lumbaz illegally purchased prescription painkillers and engaged in doctor shopping, where illegally deceiving the local doctors to receive overlapping prescriptions. Limbaugh now wants to review the records before investigators and wants to develop a log of those that would be relevant to the criminal investigation, so does attorney where black. Many of these things in these records deal with medical procedures, symptoms that are potentially embarrassing for my client, black told a judge during court hearing, they deal with intimate matters. Uh-oh, what could that be? Ah, that's enough to leave me limp, you know? I got what you're going. Assistant state attorney James Marys had investigated his one review all the records because the alleged criminal conduct spanned years and they could find evidence of a pattern or additional wrongdoing. The State should not have to in the middle of a criminal investigation, do business with a target of a criminal investigation, Marys said. He said the State's attorney should be allowed to review the records at the same time as Limbaugh's attorneys. We just like the opportunity to tell you why the piece is important before the court exclusive Marys said. Circuit judge Thomas Barkdale noted that the fourth district court of appeal ruled that prosecutors could only have records covered by the warrants, which dealt with the prescription drug allegations, he gave no indication after they 30 minute hearing. Not 30 minute. And when he would rule, but he's not another motion by a black to return the records to Limbaugh. How do you like that? So the whole thing is in Limbaugh. Yeah. Yeah. And I got a message for ourselves department, but I mean, I didn't move, but I'm up. That's my message. Double talk. By the way, nice job by a Todd Rector, too, and that's a situation. That's the lingering. Yeah, that's still moe. Oh, ring, please. Yeah. You see, they know the schedule. They know after Friday, my vacation to follow week then to summer schedule. So it's just kind of like, well, if we just avoided long enough, then it'll all just get off our ass. It'll all just, you know, we can continue taking our way along. You know, we will have to collect it our money and then it won't be. I mean, how is it possible just to have no conscience, no follow through, no, nothing. What is that? How is it possible? Yeah. I'll be used to it by now. See, no, I can't relate to it. I mean, you know, I'm not that in such a great conscience, like, but it just, it would be like somebody called in sick all the time because they had a sniffle of our hang nail, it was just because they could do it, you know. Got all mighty. By the name rate, nothing changes. But to be the loop through them up, wait to hear this. Kroll Gables, which is known for revolutionary progressiveness, not drivers lacking coins may now use cell phones to feed parking meters and the Gables purportedly the first city in the US to offer such a service. I was wondering what that was going to start. You ought to make this system allows drivers who subscribed to simply dial from their cell phone, touch in the number of sign of their parking spot and the required cost, plus a 25 cent usage fee, no, be bold on their credit card. I hate that usage fee. When leaving subscribers called back in end of billing cycle. Well, let me ask you this. Yeah. I mean, suppose you called in the end of billing cycle and then you kept your card and other three hours, how do they know that? I guess they don't. Oh. In my many suburb began offering this system this month and it's 4573 meters, so far more than 250 people are subscribed. It's innovators in Mari Malina executive director of the Gables Minus Improvement District. People come down and they start me and we're going to forget about their parking meters and we certainly don't want them to get parking tickets. Oh God, for good. It took cameras on saraph six and a half minutes to enroll by entering this credit card email license plate and telephone number. It's pretty cool you have a medical student said him regretting the fortune he might have made any invented the service. I actually thought that while I would go right into that you pay by phone. We didn't do it. Payment the Toronto based company that offers the service emails users copies their transactions plus allows subscribers to track their usage online. The service already has been used in several locations in Ontario and British Columbia. Oh man, are we progressive or what? Yeah. Even when being used by payment users, meters without sufficient storage will still continue to fly. They're expired signal. Oh, parking enforcement officers use a wireless handheld device to identify which cars are using the system. There could be some minor impact of the number of parking tickets we issued said William Carlson, the city's parking director. But I think the service to the public far outweighs that. So it starts flashing, expired, like all kinds of lights go off and fireworks things like that. Just to make sure you don't cheat the system. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, we got the Marlins pre. Now why am I asking why? You know, the story that's missing chicken a roba? This is the missing person to your right. What's his cute is why? That's why. She's white. She's a man with a vanjoiner right. He's from a nice white bread state. I see. So it's either a Sean Relievy or it's Jennifer, the runaway bride and else this one. This one is actually good because more thousand missing people do you think there are any US right now? About 30 minutes. It's probably not more than that. Little kids or kids old people are like the lost Mandarin around. Right? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, we've arrived in the right of lines. Get in some important calls between now and pregame time of 145. How many QAM hello? No, listen, you have a seat from Volca. Yes sir, veggie from Volca, voice in the past. Yes, I'm having a hard time hearing you in like work. Yeah, I'm always like me to do a veggie. Then listen online. I can't do that with them. Like, are you want me to talk louder? Is that a black one? It's just a little bit. Oh, this. If not, those QAM is over there. It's not bleeding. No, oh, I see. That's what it is. And now we don't care about that. You lost. Feeding from Volca, your day is up. Okay, Mr. Your time is up. You were a voice in the past. I would deal with some, just to always win. Complain them. That's why I hate to do about him the most. Right? Yeah. We don't give a crap about Lake Worth. How do you like that? People in Lake Worth, you know, they don't count. What are we going to do about it? Oh, I heard that. Yeah, exactly. What am I supposed to do about it? Yeah, it's raining too much. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not making enough money. Yeah. Once stuck yesterday. Yeah. Hey, Vedi, it sure was a pleasure hearing from you. Not. Governor QAM, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I, maybe to live for your poem, but I think that nobody mentioned I'll know, center in the angry. Mitch, what? Santorini. Santorini? See? What is that? It's an island of Greece. Although it sounds Italian, but it's one of the most beautiful sounds. Santorini. It does sound Italian. No, it does. It's not Greek. Okay. Oh, so we'll say that. You go around. I know you go around all the time. Please, so bye. Okay. I'll stop by and see your incentive any. Sounds like a witty. One, twenty five. We got that big ensures we'll very get those spots in. Twenty counts. Good. Baby, launch a couple of missiles. Substitute. Four to place we know. And aim a matter of fail. Whose surname begins with old. There's one thing we all understand. Without cater won't be finished. Until we blow up that castain. We could chase him round forever. With our tanks and all our truths. The special forces are some tired. Of jumping through the ambus. We throw in the need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up that castain. We're here. We'll do something. We'll come to the need and knew we were dead. We're at dome flat. Don't we stop to see food? And we'll blow up. Back to stay. What do we even meant to say was why don't we stop? We're hoping to get out of the boat. One thing you two and we've never played that is because it's just dawned on me. Did you see the story yesterday about where your ran is beginning their nuclear technology and equipment stuff from? Yes or it? The packies? Sure. Our reference to the packies. Another one was great democracy. A large-delf-kind of kingpin, Abu Faraj Al-Libbi, has not provided information to pack standing interrogators that could lead them to Osama, Yamama President, Provert Musharraf said this week. Al-Libbi, Al-Qaeda's alleged number three men was accused of mass-domining two assassination attempts against Musharraf. Was captured after a shootout with Pakistani agents and countries northwest on May 2. He was translated trans for the US custody and he spent a lot of his time since then peeing in his pants. No, he didn't give any information. He still hasn't about bin Laden's verbal, for sure, of said of Al-Libbi and Abu Udayin P. But he did divulge a lot of information which led to the West Naparanchin. I think of 14 other individuals who he said. Despite being Pakistan's most wanted man, Al-Libbi was reported to the US recently and expectations he'll be grilled on the wear of boats of bin Laden. It was assumed to be hiding near the Pakistan Afghan border. It's not a fact that the story that had on yesterday suggested that Osama Yamama might be hiding in Iran. Do you see that? How about that? Yeah, Iran. This fast is our cannon here. I am, is what he said. Well, how do you like that? Here's a fact from Mark and Cleveland who says, don't forget in 13 minutes we got the game show for the Marlins. There's the music. All right. The boys are back in Chicago. Mark says, I'm so terribly hearing about Rush Limbaugh and his volishment. I love how the shan-hannadiies and go to the rallies that the world would say. Poor Rush has such terrible backpins. He needed to relieve funny though. Every time I see that Fedwin back on TV, he's on the golf course. Kind of like OJ with the bad knees. Somebody was such terrible backpins would not have could not play golf. Love your show, see it Northfield Park, not as Mark and Cleveland. Have a great life, Mark. I mean, I think he's got a back problem. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, I'm too old, probably. And of course, they just covered all of this. Just like Phil O'Reilly with the amount breathing, you know? Everything with the right wingers. It's just, you know, they just give it a look and it's marines. You're looking at their shmurin' it. Here is the poor, poor itself so far. Best vacations to the end of the world is, I don't know. Maybe they just haven't been anywhere with these people. The people are the traveling people. They're somewhere now. Traveler, right? That's right. They're traveling men and women and people. Others. Best vacations in New Orleans. What do we say, Vegas? We give everybody a head start and they still couldn't kid Vegas. I mean, you know, it's tough for it. I like to say what a sudden fun capital of the world. Well, maybe a sunshine. Once it arrived in the summertime, what is not like pouring and tornadoes and hurricanes. Stuff like that. But fun? Uh, no. Las Vegas 96, Hanalulu 82, New York 68, not no mole. I would go back to New York if they paid me by the second. Really? No. I'm not a zagogobacter. I'm been there in years and will not go back anytime soon. Amsterdam 59, Rome 58, just I'll go to the European cities and August. That's my suggestion too. Especially Rome. Because everybody leaves town, plus it's 180 degrees in the shade and man, it smells bad. What the only knock I would give you on Rome is that it's filthy. It's a filthy city because it's so polluted. First of all, you've got all those old buildings. And secondly, it looks even worse for this. Like all that pollution smog in here, all the vehicles. And it's not the cleanest city in the world. Paris 43, I'm like Vegas, of course, which you could eat off the streets and they make damn sure. Believe you me, nobody drops any other stuff on the street and they go. Right. Because, yeah. Rome 58 Paris 43, go to Paris, see the frogs have a good time. Florence 24, Fettenza, Chicago 23, London 20, Gothalom of 20, Boston 13, Nallons 10, Hago there. Sandiego LA both have nine. I'll fix Sandiego there. I've been there. Might be interesting, huh? Okay. I've heard it. I've heard it. C.Food, Carmel, California 8, Madrid 6, Victoria BC 5, Colone's Germany 4, Nicanos 2 and Dora 2, Berlin 2 and Seattle 1. Seattle's going out 1, after all this rape, I know. Who's that? I don't even have. Probably most people, if they had their choice or if they've been around. You know, even if I had been in Seattle and liked a lot, I certainly wouldn't vote for it. As compared to these other places on here in C.F. I'm saying. I don't know. I can't see it. Well, the fact that it's on our list, we give them a big kiss. Whatever. This we're going to do that break, huh? I feel like today we're like, I don't know. Somewhere along the line, the rails came off the tracks to the hour. When the fritz was out. Was that one a one? Yeah, that's what it was. Put us all the audio of all went on the fritz. Now is that Brad Fritz or Randy Fritz? Nikki Fritz. Oh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. What am I giving the numbers out? We're not taking it. Well, it kills a couple of seconds. Just force a habit, baby. I'm just so excited that A, we got this pregame show 145 and B. Tomorrow's Thursday already. Who want number that presteam my mind? What? 12. Two. Dos. Okay, did those now? It brings dos to my mind. Do we? Tweet. As the does say, Tweet. In fact, most of them auto-climate. I'm the fact that maybe that's where they came from. I'm not the mouse. See here. I hear you. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. I'm a gentleman. You were singers! Make them fair! Stop and cry! Play medium by that! Though ë„ˆ is avoided hate and RT noise. Mr. Nights at Nights at Nights at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce. Though that's the boy point, Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce at Royce. He's an accepted from the boy point! Enjoy! Doesn't be dad! Here, how the boy. I'm going to fight that best. Yeah! I'm going to fight that best. Yeah! I'm going to fight that best. Yeah! I'm going to fight that best. Yeah! I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. I'm going to fight that best. Leeven! It was so big dad. He took me into a rush floors. The next two five won't run right there. It's awesome. Both the ones. Helicopter! Helicopter, Sheng à®‡à®° pods. What do I do? Nothing can end up fighting. Oh, hey! What a shiver, got it going! What Ð¿Ñ€Ð¾Ñs... I'm gonna go. ...who is gonna have a relic about it? Ok, we need theesta Martin 2015 mail. Marlin free games are coming up. Marlin is insured out of lane secuns section for T FÃ¼r, we have to create the title series about team 7 and 10 to get into the game. Good, maybe long time. How many killed the player Hasla and MattShanew can't hold back right now. Lets see the guys we found the top rider last time. Hi ladiesENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENSENEN