Hello, nobody cares you're right about that. I said Neil that there were two reasons why they and I said Don't be complacent about that election, but it was it the newspapers giving the governor credit But I think that the Harold had a lot to do with it. No, Harold has no club. I disagree with it No, I you know what as much as we don't respect it now They went on it. They went on a 10-day crusade The Harold lost their club years ago the fact is that there is a group of people in Bade County that if anybody named Bush's jump they'll ask how high plus The biggest problem is the rest of the people didn't bother to vote You know you can blame the old Cubans as much as you want and you'll notice they voted against though The only ethnic group that voted against 36 to 42 Hispanics against which is mostly the old Cubans Right, but the fact that a matter is when only 14% bother to get off the rest in vote You know, Channel 10 had a poll online last night 70% said yes for a kiss slot and only 30% against that that's data and Broward 70% the poll We took was like 90% in favor so all the the fact is that overwhelming majority of the people in both counties were in favor But most people said on a race so just like has been going on for years in day County Everybody bitches and moans in the old Cubans this and it but everybody else this sits on the air as it stays home This is a decnale for colder to me because you know Here's Gulf Stream just a few blocks away basically. I mean just a mile north and a little bit east and they got it and color does not Now here's what's gonna happen with colder because they won't be able to increase their versus right there are a lot of trainers who talked about this last summer They're not gonna stay here. They're gonna go to Delaware where they're a person They won't stay here in race anymore during the summer racing called or is gonna be a disaster. Yeah, and Well, maybe girls people have to line up being near around. I Hope Think that that's one of the things they had in mind all along because they're depending on how much the state is gonna live and put in there They're gonna build a humongous casino facility with slots in there. Yeah, I'm a Howard side of their property right We'll see we'll see Not over meal talk about bad luck domain colder would just a few blocks out to the county line Here's Gulf Stream just a few blocks north of the county line. What a difference of you blocks makes when I did When they first started talking about the issue They were saying that there was a good chance that they would have it first and because of the friore commission Dragging at speed that they might have to wait a couple years for it for the sister reverse and You know they they're only hope is that two years from now They can come up for it again and win it this time But you know what as long as that newspaper exists and as long as you've got our mondo, Kiddina and And Jeff Bush and don't you think that the Spanish and Alvich and Alvich understand if we don't listen to it Don't you think the you know You know were more pounded away day after day on this. Yeah, absolutely Interestingly the Cubans that when it was the fastest but tasted and they were had all those beautiful casinos that Marlanski was running in Havana Oh, they love casino gambling So I think maybe if we had like Domino's in cockpipes and they might have put it over the top and Superman I'm gonna be fast down on all the way here. He's gonna be a gulstream and Superman. Yeah Let's remember that. Yeah. I remember Superman But Joyce will get upset if we get into that and two-degree graphic detail Well, that's just he was on stage when Johnny Ola told me about Superman. I remember You brought my heart right yeah That's Superman Wrong Superman. We talk about it. I didn't have a cape on Well, there's not too much going on here today except that one microphone's broken and the other one has a might stand I listen I got a whole dilatitude for you baby. In fact it was told to me by Berkeley or one of our really hot shot sales broads this morning She had a great line. I even wrote it down because I didn't want to miss coated Just cash the check You told me that years ago So yeah, but this is a new twist on it. In other words, forget about copy. Forget about equipment. Forget about equipment Just cash the check so all everything else I got a whole new attitude as of today. I'm drawing the line understand forget about the ratings for get about our finds sponsors Forget about copy forget about microphones that work. You know work just cash the check Yeah, right? We're just like this like the sign that we got in the end of our studio They're on the wall says just give us the F and money and that's our philosophy QAM Okay, I won't worry about these things that come up for Nice sound listen you're having a lot longer plus I have one other piece advice for you Which you're not gonna listen to me you're one of the last holdouts living in Dave County If I were you a guy that's making your bucks moved the Broward. I'm close Yeah, I know what you're getting close. You got to get over the line. I'm an oven tour or not that just go to show you Just a few blocks too far south just get a nice place over the line. You know what? I'm five minutes to go stream of nine five minutes from golf stream With all the inches up there. I am five minutes away We're almost all the stuff to live with a candle commanders now. I do almost Shut up George you know it's great though hanging around the building and and watching the rendered young women come Walking in to the Alteccockers upstairs really yeah The rented young women yeah who are being rendered by the Alteccockers Oh, I see I thought maybe we were talking about the chamber maids. I thought he was talking about this building Oh Two weeks we used to say George All right, have a nice show baseball, but you know I got some bad news I just looked at the central Florida radar Oh, don't tell me the game is gonna your window. Oh, I see that pouring here. I don't know how it isn't Oh, no and that was another excuse in rain a little bit yesterday So there was another good excuse. I hope you people in Dave County are real happy that you're still stuck in this stone days. Okay, you idiots Graves they're gonna they're gonna be looking to blame somebody else they got nobody blame but themselves There's over one million registered voters in Dave County 154,000 showed up You know a people a lot of people call you're wanting to buy a leo was gonna be in an unslaught thing Maybe they made a mistake maybe I should have a lie. Oh, yeah, yeah, that would have been good Well, but these at least those people would come out and voted just with a track fight So that's all you over there although their mayor can't paint against it. Right. That's right And we know how honest he is I wonder who got there. Better not start up with him again. He'll beat the crap body He's a boy I think we have like What kind of book we could co-author a book. Yeah, only nobody would believe it. Yeah, I don't think so And you notice by the way at one other point that I want to make the other day about very jackass You notice how he's sucking up to the the other station out of the 790. Yeah, goes to sure Greg Really paid off all those years of like only return very phone calls and I talking anybody else and get them all the inside dope Really paid off for his big time when the fan went on here He put it on the front page of the paper to try to stick it to us and as we got this stiff operation over there It's all it really turned very well last Friday that article made me want a puke the one where he put the disclaimer in the hair Oh, yeah, I don't know what has nothing to do with his de believe me Yeah, no, we don't bury go back in at your balloony sandwich pathetic nothing I'll ever change man same same thing faces change people come and go, but it's the same place Wow, so I want to know when I have been common besides loving a gamble and by the way, don't lose too much is that when we go home We have both have to show our passport It's true. Yeah, you're in yeah, that's right you're in a country to the north. I'm going to country to that is correct I'll take out keep this one. Thank you. Okay, I'll start looking around, bro Please although I'm only five minutes from the next lots now I don't play slot machines. It doesn't matter to me where they are You you'd go there and give it a shot not honestly the generic gambler like you if there's If there's like that's a difference just there were two leaves falling from a tree you'd but which one would hit the ground I might do that, but I would never put money in a slot machine. I never have really yeah You would never play the slot machine in your life. Yeah, maybe once I put a quarter in I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding you You know, we're the only time I ever played a slot machine in our it's been this is the truth Neil I was waiting for some people to come down We were going to dinner and I was sitting by the front door and I threw a quarter in a slot machine I swear to you. I have no interest in playing a nun right So the damn we're not going to be doing this. It's not that kind of a form of gambling and interest me. Yeah, there's no brain work involved That's what you think that's not that is not correct. I sat two machines away from a guide It was a young couple sat down They had two grand on the line they had 400 on the wheel and I saw that machine have been dead all morning long And my machine was like keeping me even you know, it was keeping me going and a minute Day left the guy I said you want this one I said yeah, I'm gonna give it a shot because as soon as it got hot I knew it was gonna pay within five minutes it came me a thousand on the wheel and 1500 on the line I was out the door. That was on Sunday. Like I said I'm gonna go play slots to stay up to now. No, no, I'm not the town y'all And I'm just telling you that if you use a little common sense sometimes you can You know not my cut something I'd rather hit the fix six somewhere. There you go, but not today. I have an up trouble with a tick one Sloppy track today. I won't be there. Oh, a sloppy track is great I Don't want to go lose money today because I've been following your lead, okay? Yeah, you say don't lose too much. I'm not there. I won Saturday. I'm keeping my winnings till next Saturday By the way, tomorrow's the tenth of March. I just want to remind some of the people there in the building More of Mark's ten fits payday for most of us. So it's very easy for me to say just cash to check the only problem is getting You know on in the first place Because this outfit still don't like to pay on payday. My last payday They had my check sitting in the envelope there for three extra days just to make sure they could hold on to it for a while Yeah, so like still a great puts the squiggle on it, which means it'll tear the bank That year. That's what I'm saying He's on permanent vacation. Yeah, I don't know where he is. And with that last trend if he's smart He won't come back. Yeah, I'm not worried about it. I just take the checks Neil. There you go Just cash to check them around hand can take you're probably on automatic Let's not automatic. I'm on the fifth in the 20 it. Yeah, there you go. It's already in your council That's all the more reasonable out in terms of satin on. I could do that. Yeah, I'm a pretty good sloth player Not a sloth Have a great day You too hang on to it. I'm doing it and you're money too The banana republics, Amy only in Miami. He does me like a scattle get ready for this story See do you ever heard Dan Rathers story do we? I'm sorry So sorry not only does dancing a solid do what would run the reef? He sounds even so here with Chicago I'm sorry Sorry to wait. He cheers this sorry thing along with Ruben Studges a his like a Mr. Shad It's like a drop the ball I'm sorry Order now and if you're not completely satisfied the end of it will personally say I'm sorry Over that between Monday and Tuesday we had eight hours of smiles on our faces Dickens, David pop it apart Thanks for the fast guys, okay, go for get out my own machine five hour wheel of four to machine with my name on it I might actually spend more time in town, but I doubt it So there you go and I have bad vibes boys and girls about today's Marlins exhibition game with a red song set Jupiter Yeah, why does it the rain though? If you look at I just worked at the central Florida radar the whole day I'm state what's the cover of it on it's pitch blackouts yeah, the whole state though is covered with that I mean you think they're playing up in Jupiter my catch a break. I don't know First of all you get out here at 12.50 today, which is the one great thing we had to look forward to and They'll look too promising. Oh, I already made a dead as the point. Yeah, me too. I got a I'm getting real right Rooka now What's this you just see me here are you really spelling Randy's name on a road? Did we spell Randy? Who cares how we spell it Jim? When you get a life of our life told Eric to fix it. She's almost voted her but Phil gets my click with the outfit of word being did Did did it anyway? Can the early bird voters on your pool get a second vote for free? You vote as many times as you want to What ever makes you happen? Just like you people in Tade you want to go back and go to again on the slots thing Those of you jackasses that stayed home yesterday to the old man well, it rained a little bit, you know You know, I think Josh Curtis ought to take part in the blame for you know Spreading the seeds of complacency and I'm a priority. I don't that's not the point the point is you're on a show And we have this vast audience so we got a lot of listeners in date. Yeah, yeah It's Josh's fault and you're the one that spread the seeds of complacency there and they all why bother? It all would not really carry out. I am by it's I watched that thing last night Chapel 10 by the way to the fabulous job on our website there were the only ones and It started out and it did county which five thousand votes ahead. Yeah This is half of the precincts in five thousand ahead then next time came up with a new number it was like 2000 votes ahead not thought oh We've seen this before the same pattern and then it came up with about three quarters of thing There are now about less than that and it was only It was 2000 behind and then it was like six thousand and some behind or wound up losing by 65 of our votes in date counting 14% of the people voted in date and I realized they didn't have all the municipal elections arrest like Broward did, but what you know Who comes off for dog catcher, you know, I'll also eat things right So in Broward it passed 57 to 43% easy by over 26,000 votes and it would have passed by a lot more than that If the people who really care would have come out and voted was stated not I mean when you look at every poll that we saw in the channel 10 polls shows 70% were in favor of slots in both date and Broward and it loses in date because nobody showed up You and I've been saying this for all these years and you know what my attitude about that is the same as it is about QAM I just don't care do whatever you want don't bring me any copy just like Berkeley says just give us the Just cash the check She made it official today not that she's ready position to make it official, but she put the her imprimatur on it whatever that means What does he put her rubber stamp on it and then her line about our new sales manager's sluggo? Oh, he doesn't come around because he's afraid of you and that great work We heard that before this is our sales manager He doesn't communicate the well guess what sluggo. Don't even bother coming back in because I don't care anymore You can leave the same copy on offer the next four years and you probably will I don't really care That's the same with Dave County. I've been telling you this for as long as I can remember I'll always tell that Palateche Well, that's because nobody else runs and nobody else shows up to vote 30 of the old Cubans that it once you can date your life on it They're gonna show up to vote come rain or hail or snow or tornadoes or tsunamis. They're gonna show up It's like a religion venom and if bush and anybody named bush if it would have been no well bush in between doing lines If you said go out there and vote against it. It's bad. It's evil a You know, there's oh, yes, he's see mama see guy. Yeah Yeah, I'm Tony. You know it of course bush bush. I think and when Hank gives a hero credit for this I know that they ran a hysterical and nobody pays any attention to them anymore They lost their cloud years ago. You can think it's your bush bush was the one who came in here and screwed Dave County again Stabberman. He was getting on Spanish language radio because you know he is fool it Of course of course There you go in him now Yeah, rubbed off on And so as a result that either gets screwed Miami highlight gets screwed and color gets screwed and the people in the schools are gonna get screwed That's almost half that's three out of the seven facilities that aren't gonna be run it right away Because your pice governor and of course, you know, he's anti public education anyway So if it's writing with his VV is planned right to subvert the will of the electorate party agenda There you're fat ass governor. Borge. Borge. You know, that same thing with a presidential election It's as dependable as the weather and peor your man. There is no mistake about it Well, look at it's 10 13 already we're moving along here we're supposed to get out here at 1250 there I say we get out 1250 anyway. Let them worry about it. Right? What else we got on? No mode today. Um, well, never be something if it's a great idea Bring in more at 1250. That's what I say my good close Oh We're making on this is your bowl on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God We need to do home one day a boat which is it's wrong to show all to boys you're seeing those things We need to pull what do things about it That if you dress go all the way we clear about it a mini shirt Who hates the future but wants to have those why a phone booth I just party and encourage a good time with Jenny Shots instead of why We need a boat One that is an afternoon Huh, and one of the waves of the door instead of a birthday hat on his head What are we need to do? One who's in this train It was a shopper part to drive when he goes out on a date Who's that thing to have it? Who's that really cool? A boat that says we're just giving us a little bit of fools And a boat that doesn't drew 20 past 10 the two plus old axilios continuing a date count is very sad And Dan rather is last newscast on CBS and I will show you the very sad about Because after all we know when they think of Dan How many of you start coming east of the same old tired crap It was a dragging soft Florida down turning date count into an outdoor toilet For all these last many many years very sad Tragedic is a matter of fact So here's the deal Tommy would re-hound track Daniel Highly, Papa No Park and Gulfstream Park Could begin adding slots as early as July first But of course the state legislature has to do not be an evil in legislation And decide how many machines are going to how many machines you think they'll let him have I'm sorry to me Total Right, oh yeah all four places of course like about seven and a half of peace And then it says that components will see that's still from the bacon again Proponents will likely as state county voters and two years to reconsider While the opponents those good Bible something yahu Holyer than now are considering seeking a statewide referendum next year to repeal slots Which of course to talk about a waste of time and money anyway precinct samples from dayd showed That lights voted in favor of slots 55 to 45 black voted 56 to 44 in day county But Hispanics with the deciding factor as usual the old tuteless crowd the exilios Ali on any though They voted no 56 to 42 percent. We says that up to 100 but somewhere in there who knows what the rest were doing They were like I don't know plain dominoes. I'd be like that So it's a same old crap and like I said you can blame those people or you're looking at mirror and blame yourself because most of you didn't vote And I'm going to tell you right now, you know it's nice getting notes and stuff and thanks for your help and broward and so on I'll take some of the credit for that a little bit although it should have passed by a much much healthier margin and broward But you know 26,000 votes isn't too bad But we should go and have any cloud and date county and you want to know why? Because this show had we have nothing in common with date county. No interest in date county. At all if they're you don't live there Josh doesn't live there. I still say that if there was a way for us to retool our signal No, no, because you know we have a lot of trouble being heard inside buildings and your power wires in the car all of If we could like push the whole signal north in the Broward and Palm Beach We'd be you know doing a hell of a lot more service because date county is like Aliah I mean Alien to us at least to me. I mean, I'll speak it right language and it's just the whole thing is Very very sad and it's never been a change. It's like it's like 2 a.m It's never going to change. That's why I just gave up today. I'm just totally give up good Yeah, Kevin just take the chair of the night and screw everything else. I'm going to make a trouble because there's no point all that does is shorten your life stress kills That's right when you're diabetic and a side-aid county. We can sit here and we all about to herald and about mirror this one and that one That the fact that it matters is that's what the people there want they wanted to be an out-door funeral parlor They're living in a dream world. They got one foot in the ocean. They're waiting to cross back to Cuba again, which is not never going to happen Although quite frankly those old exilios that voted against this thing yesterday We'd be more than happy to find some leaky bananas and put your asses on and send you back where you came from Because quite frankly software to be a hell of a lot better place without your without your the cancer that you've created on date county That's exactly what you've done. You have created a cancer in a community here is something that would have brought in thousands of jobs You could argue about how many dollars but certainly a significant amount of dollars for public education and given people some place to go and brought a lot of tourists back in who wouldn't be going on accrueships and go to the Bahamas I mean that the positive is outweigh the negatives by a zillion to a titan none Yeah, but in the end don't confuse these people ever with the facts. It's always well jambus did this in bootstad and by and I'm gonna be said and therefore like a bunch of sheep like a bunch of lemons They do to flee go out there and about a beat better and in the same old tired crap So I you know I might recommend to anybody living in breathing because let's face it 44% of people in big county What was it 50? Oh 48% voted for it. So that's almost half So just like I told the hump or this morning moved to Broward moved to Palm Beach get out of there already Let's take county just just hand it over. Okay. It's been a bloodless who anyway for last 40 or five years now just hand it over here You go it's a festering sewer of corruption and crap. You have it. We're gonna go live somewhere where we have like a little voice So I take back what I said yesterday that didn't about South Florida See I think it's really brown in Palm Beach counties because more and more people are moving like to bokeh and places in Palm Beach. Del Rey Beach It's brown in Palm Beach don't include the county when you talk about South Florida versus the rest of the state Because it's the same redneck mentality just with a spoken one the different language you know I mean Oh, you talked about that a million times a speaks in the Hicks have more ground in the face and I do want to be one of it Right, so there you go. WQA election central hello Might see there's our first call was a good one. I could hear him snapping his gum. WQA and hello And Neil I do a man. Okay, man. I just panic will the guests yesterday. Yeah, and I'm in our first two late man get out. They're gonna come and get your ass But I see what I'm the same is why he's all who you're wounded again. So if you go down there to make a soup in the 7 or 1 and that's how you see the whole who you're Yeah, because the old because the bush told them bush Yeah, but they're against them. I think they're going patient. I think they'll have facilities Let me go to the family. You know part of the family I knew I could be having I'll see the ground line man. Okay. Okay. I didn't do any of our stuff yet. You know, and we've got a hook as we got a baseball game I would say the chances of that game being played today on a scale of zero are minus infinity. Don't you know that Huh, I'm hoping I'm wrong on that. Oh, wait. It's the good. Brian Right, I'm looking at that radar and the whole state looks like it's cut a nice tsunami now That's just the usual light greens and medium greens. It's like yellow like that. You know like wild historical rainstorm Well, our final tally yesterday, Sally. We had 1686 votes. How did you or were you vote on the slot machine referendum? Yes 925 no 110. So in other words about 90%. Can't vote 307 don't give us 259 won't vote 85 See in that 85 that 5% and I'm the county that could make a big difference could make a huge difference Did he out off your ass? You go now. So we didn't do a ditty. Did you know? Oh, no. You took the Josh Curtis way out the easy way out lazy Schiflus and now you're going to have to drive to Broward to go like plunger guts on to bad Here's today's pool by the way. We got Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt will introduce you to Angelina. We're not going to give you no background If you don't know who she is then you're probably a screaming fag and you're going to use on air naked with her tattoo Even the whole deal. There it is. There she is. I'll her splinter. Here's the pool today. What pop host kneel has worked with other than QM did you like the best other than QM Rick Riley Well, let's see what we got and we got votes already because we put it up for a nine. What a put it up earlier, but Eric was again having issues Still hungry 76 such cool then 48 Randy Rhodes 29 we apologize for the bad spell and we stranded out never listened to Neil before QM 24 And that's almost 10 percent our seven years plus and we built this vast audience of new QM listeners almost 10 percent Wow, in that exciting or what growing by leaps and bounds. Yeah, by the ones not only about 23 they don't like anybody Mike winner 18 Rick Riley 12 Bill called 11 Brook Daniels five Brook Daniels had five I put that was like a gang that was a joke Okay, I'm ganked on it Joy Reynolds 2 so the guy with the eyes voted twice Alice ran 12 to Alex been a one Jerry wishner one Craig wording one Chris Baker and Jerry Williams have the big oh, they've done By the way, Jerry Williams is still steps with the fishes John Fierre and the taxi kind about that driver said he was a dog He looked at me so quesitary He was in the dog So I acted out my pop sure it and with my arms the trees are made No bug speaks English and a model So I went down to my yeah, I met which where the weather is nice and soon I walked into a little dust storm but the guy this hot real fun ass I asked him for a pint of fortune beam is just not the end of what does that mean But it's pushing wish and anymore That's the corner deline Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan's English mill Oh, you can go back to the wall I came here for a year to go Learn my ABC I don't say much as grossly as I said pretty much So get yourself to a classroom quick around America now stop making me Oh, I'm gonna speak English 1033 274 11 in Broward and Palm Beach County We are not the recognizing they've no more we're just I've had it I'm just a terrible almost 30 years now 29 long years nearly 30 man Almost 30 been fighting a good fight and it's just a there's no point all I crap about the assimilation process And people are gonna get with it. What a bunch of fooling hypocrites man So hey to be sitting down there playing dominoes in domino park or we go to the illegal cock fights and highly and sweet water That's okay, but the fact that we actually derive some revenue and something good in the South Florida Oh, we don't want that because boots and it's bad boots and it's bad. How do you mom be said it's bad? Well, he wouldn't like oh no, not not having a boat on our fan as governor with his or coaxe norton daughter And his smuggling wife and his psychotic sons 5 6 7 0 5 so if you like I said there's no sense again You said it's never got a change it's the same thing I mean once once upon a time It was like a little deliver like just maybe we're still to make a little bit of progress But we have no impact no problem Dave County might's well forget about it So then good thing where that close to the county line and like Hank says he's in adventura He's like a stone's throw from the county line So if you're not gonna like move all the way to Broward, at least get close So that when it comes time for the exit is domestic exodus you'll be close enough to make it before they shut the gates Just one talk over the line one talk over lines of an idea. How many Q a m hello Good one W Q a m hello A conel. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Q and Rulio that voted in favor of prostitution yesterday Well, you know I wasn't surprised it's like you said we can cry in bitch, but those old cubists go out and vote And a lot of us stay on our ass And we're gonna do it and we still stay on our ass. That is right. So both my kids go to public schools So I figured look any chance of getting any money for the school's worth the shot That's correct. It's a terrible shame. The way to look at it is what's not to like you know Yeah, give it a shot, but you know and let me tell you one more thing you mentioned through About six or seven months ago, I had a month and you know, I'm sure And you know he's become like Russ Jr. He was a talker. Yeah, he was talking about the middle east And you know ripping into them in some guy called and you can sell you know He's like somewhere from the middle east and he talks bill, you know, fill your generalizing Your grouping of thoughts, terrorist, that's the right And so the guy will sort of look for you from the region. He was a lot from my ran Or region. He was putting all with the school here. I'm an American citizen And I love America. It goes well then I care about you And the government is a me such a storm the area. You'll serve. I don't care if we kill every single I write real I'm not but I heard I heard him saying you know what's all me about it I'm like how can you say that even if you're thinking it on the air? I was just blown away Okay, unbelievable hey man and imposing me Five seven Well somebody's got a saying because I know that mode doesn't stand I know at the beginning of the show yesterday going into this ranting and raving about well I know they gorilla that procedures we don't know every day We're going to start talking about anything or substance. That's an idea because sports talk Quite frankly is boring as hell. That's one thing you're right about most sports talk is terminal Which is why you know when you got Hank and Mad dog you have to big name personalities and little dog But there are any other place who's got certain sponsors up his ass by the way I think Joe's gonna have to see the part colleges pretty soon because between that air conditioning guy and the other one You know the mortgage guy between those two. We've got them so far up his ass They're coming out of his earlobes, you know that that's what I was told by our sales department this morning By the way, the air conditioning guy that they were talking about I've used him in my home for 10 years but never again switching to some new people now. You know I am I mean that's the way it goes you should wear my hand out smear you a little bit Maybe on the neck maybe on the earlobe square the queer. Yeah, sure the queer that's where we're playing square the gay queer very good Line nine. That's your boyfriend. Who I am hello? Hey, you know how you go about okay. What a surprise I just wanted to congratulate you on 29 years of just an awesome job Yeah, first reaction right. Yeah, here. Yeah, I don't know why let you know I'm hurting you up today I don't know if you guys are aware you had about 29 different pictures on there 29 different pictures of one Making girls, all the girls that you've had in the past. I don't know the doctor or by the nice job. Oh, yeah, you see you've made me into a doctor or he's seen Oh, I don't know. Well, yeah I went to it. We don't want to go into a two deeply okay. So it's not your right there. I have a great thing I don't know where he's going with that, but I think I have a pretty recto idea We're right back out the back door your eggs actually go right off the exit sign Well, like Berkeley says just can't see F and check what a what a simple dinner rich man What a yeah, yeah, she had her finger on it all right. That's what choice Oh, yeah, by the way, try beg me to tell us about him in scurranity was that the Christmas party when was that? Oh, one of those parties who had one of those QAM parties when there were stories going on there I'll kind of stories on this tree, you know, just like I heard that story. Yeah I'll tell you one thing she ain't no band leader. That's what I heard what talk host Neal has worked with other neck QAM Did you like the best over the years of all these 29 years here in 2012 so far? So could we have any Chris Baker Chris Baker don't have any. Oh my god. Yeah exactly Can hold it a better my second which I could you forget stay major stand major Thank you Brian That's good stand major on her right away fill Henry 104 suds Coleman 60 Randy roast 35. How's Randy doing? Wow Never listen to me before QM34 almost 11% we have built a magnificent a huge audience on his station. You believe it. Oh, we need her On Monday, about 26 micro Nary 20 bill called her 12 recovery 12 everybody else is in a single Digital Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami Stand major now a new dog radio 610 Wild if you miss the last show you miss this was in what the hell is your problem pain is in New York Tell us what he was doing show. I don't want to say back I suppose you this but who do you want I? Do you want Allen first? I think you want joy or an old so good. They want to help you want in the air silence You get that all we have good you give me a name But is that all you want that all we have kind of content do you want during to the sick? I just hear the next Stand major show this afternoon it do on new top radio 6.000 Wild Yeah, obviously not used in it's what they want 1043 17 before over the clock the one good thing about the rain I'm becoming very a dopper radar intensive right now. Okay. There's a huge blob that's covering almost the entire state It's written right lightning man. It is smoking it is smoking across the state So if they have to feel covered up there in upoeter we might just get that the baseball game in red socks and marlins It's a 1250 pre game game time on 05 and I thought it was a baseball game and we pray See out to the way that that big blob is all over the state because the Lord is really pissed off Oh God and fired up about the people in Dave County and about their stupidity about You know sticking it to their kids again and taking away money for public education the Lord is really pissed off and fired up about it Okay because he knows that jab motion to hold bush family or a bunch of phony balloony hypocrites who are a bunch of coax norton drunks But nevertheless I'm I'm telling it. That's why it's going on. Do you believe me? Here's a fact it says I'm a lifetime Dave County resident. I've never thought about what we mean before about them out of the stirred world country now I bet if this boat had something to do with their beloved baseball these Julio bastards would have voted yes And by the way that whole baseball thing is phony balloony also sure all that I every time we've had any kind of a sports thing to all while our humans love their baseball And they don't show up so I don't know what the other talking about when if they build that state by the orange bull if they snook at the state and they're putting that money up And they build a state in front of Marlins by the orange bull you wait and see who's going to show up there, huh? It's an unwarnted stereotype and it says by the way, I'm one of the 47% of all the yes well the good news is it was 48% so we're not like painting day with a broad brush It's just a toilet that's all I'm gonna get out when I like condemning everybody in day just the 48% who are unfortunate enough to be stuck there and obviously can't get out P.S. I know it's not a building pole, but well, no, we could add a couple names on there It's not we're not looking for that, but the bird certainly qualifies to be on there even though George will be very upset about that The bird, why would you say that? Huh? If we could put the bird on there, what about Dave Caprita? Of course wait, so let's oh, that's right one No, nothing. I forgot how far back you were going. That's right good old day. What do you mean how far back I was going? It's just because I only have a memory of IOD you have to understand I'll take it Who would that how cares about IOD anyway, you know? Oh geez, well, yeah, I'm not gonna read this thing about this thing. I know a case for you. No, a lawyer for a former dentist accused of Oh no, I'm not gonna stop story out of here for this immune story. That is disgusting. Oh, I'll do it Here comes my bacon. Oh, oh Oh, man, I thought it was something about the Royal Navy about the semen, but it's not that kind of oh don't send me no more stories like that. Don't ever give an order like that again Jesus, even for this show that's too grotesque. I mean that is just over the top, so to speak. Yes, it was. Yeah, over the top of the What about him teeth? The Stati-Parma World US traveler is yesterday to be extra watchful for terrorism and anti-American violence abroad Oh my god watch out for a broad A the Department of State is deeply concerned about the continuous threat of terrorist attacks against you I just didn't interest abroad as well as the potential for demonstrations and violent actions against you as citizens in Trist overseas the warning said by the way, thank you for those low gas prices Mr. President and for the Americans people being loved all over the world US citizens are reminded that demonstrations and writing can occur at any time and a moment's notice. That's why I'm very Canadian A The updated warning says future Alkada tax could involve non conventional weapons such as chemical or biological agents as well as explosives Terrorist acts may include an amount limited to assassinations high jackings bombings or kidnapings of the department said US citizens are encouraged to maintain a high level of Visualance and take appropriate steps to increase their security awareness Oh my god, not that we want to make anybody panicky or anything like that. You all think they can share a deep in panic The shirt one more the shirt warning updates a similar warning issue last fall expires in September in 2000 I was The warning expires into like like a drug like a medication right it expires in September 2004 It gave no source for assertions about alkada ready to have their terrorist capabilities It says while Americans are generally not the targets to search incidents US citizens could be caught up in the violence The war or not is the case maybe and this warning expires September five market down Good, that is just so juicy and so perfect man is that like love day when we'll all be loved right now It's gonna be the love parade and Berlin we're all going to Berlin for some of them brought worst by the way What ever happened when I brought worst guy what now? Which is that sales guy that you would give me a son and then not that I carry you understand because I've given up carrying Billy what was his name? Billy no not Billy it was like or marker you got them across the some milk I see so Billy was one of the a bra worse guy correct and what happened with that? Where did Billy we're doing this maybe Billy's not there anymore? He's around a seam around he's round on top five six seven oh five 60 let's rehash yesterday's you know we got the good news in Broward Let's hear it nice going even was pretty weak, you know should have been much more overwhelming than that But that's still pretty heavy duty 57 to 43 percent that's that's a landslide by any measure of anybody's a graduation right? Right and so Gulf Stream and Pompatopark and Hollywood Greyhound track and whom I leave in out who's the fourth one and Danny Highlight They will benefit greatly and as a result they'd counting on half the way to couple years to put it on there again, and they're just sucking away and as usual They're just a day late in a many dollar short because they count to continue sucking up to the wrong people all those corrupt Hulio politicians and a bush family anybody who's a good crook man. They they love it in Dave County, whether it's Joe Carreo or a Raoul What's his name in Hilea Martinez Raoul Martinez any any crook they love him in Dave County And that's what it's all about of course they love the L'Akhorston Cuba to so are you being different on the on the main land How many QA and hello? Hello, yes sir. How are you today? Good. All right congratulations on another great year radio And what was the result of the The go I've been on the rock today. One vote. I just tuned in Dave. Howard County passed it 5743 overwhelming and did County be the 52 to 40 lost in Dave by 6500 votes Because everybody stayed home. All right. I'm probably old. What? I'm great. Sound great. Yeah. My Zan. I kind of evolved in place. And why is that? Well, you know, I kind of bought into the fear tactic. These done what? Well, you know, the whole. Here are a few of what? Few of a good time for a job. Few of money coming in. Few of what? Did the crime? I don't know. Crime where crime? What crime? What are we talking about? What kind of crime takes place at the race track? Well, that's true. So what crime are we talking about? I don't know. It's a truth tactic. You know about, uh, well, are you are you making an announcement to the public that you're an idiot? And you're you're just susceptible to any time. Somebody starts screaming that panic. You get all panicky. Well, I'm no fair. Oh, okay. Well, thanks for your honesty anyway. That was great. Oh, it's a panic man. That was beautiful. Now, Lisa's honest. Okay. Oh, that crime. Oh, my God. When you go to Ghostrip, the only crime is all those old people. It's the elephant on up the racing form, leaning over like 10 seconds of post. I'm going to put in the last couple of horses in the gate. And they're leaning over there. You're like two people behind them. And praying you're going to get your bed in. And they're like handy capping at the window. You know, it's loud. Oh, let's say I'll have day one over to four or five eight. No, I don't think that. You know, and then the bell rings and they're off. And of course, you won six to one shot. Wings by five. And you get no bed there. That's a crime. Oh, I mean, so many stupid people in so little time. You know, he bought into the fear. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's stupid. And he admits it though. Give him some points for that. Here's a facts from Jean Rogers, one of our very chronic factors. Try calling several times this morning. Guess us folks from Broward can't call my me number anymore. What are we? What does that mean? These aren't my me numbers. First happy anniversary. Second, the reason the old tubans didn't vote for this class because it would take away from their Cockfighting business. I think I mentioned that. Third, I'm surprised the government doesn't make the gas tumps. A lot of machines away the prices are going. They need more money for Iraqi Iraq. Last two of those naked old folks in your website. Those are the Supreme Court Justices is a little bit doctorate off me. I can't get with it. A little bit to easily get in the behind the time. How's that radar coming? I'm every break. I'm going to check that because we are praying for baseball. We love them. Marlins in the daytime. Right? That's right. Because I would be head of sign on the door for the maid. You know, come back after one. It's usually after two. That's right. I think that's a good plan. Yeah, I think it's like going to lunch early and getting a hell out of here. Maybe you can go over to Woodbind to see if I can get robbed and raped and murdered. Although, well, on a good day, you can get all three. Seriously, what crime is this man talking about? What are you upset with? How is it possible to be so? Yeah, it's dope. To be so stupid. Yeah, crime. That's a crime. You know, yeah, no. It's the center crime. It's a crime. The criminals. It's a crime. It is so pathetic that it just makes me hurt. It makes me ache all over my body. It makes me weak. Limb. Dominic, you weigh in crime central, hello. Yes, sir. You know, the amazing thing about state counties and all those little bars and little Havana, all those places have the illegal gaming machines and already. Oh, my God. And then someone else, the guy regarding crime, people I talked to yesterday in big County, they were actually saying the same thing. It's really like this last month. Yeah, yeah, it really, it's really un-freakin' believable. They want crime. There's more crime on the streets and there isn't a street. Yeah, I don't mean about anybody getting rates of the track but on a cruise ships, they read about guys' girlfriends and wives and both getting raped all the time. Right. Give this another reason to get out of date, County. Amen. Good bye. Yeah, we love Broward and Palm Beach, baby. And they'd count the all I can say as we sympathize with you half. You know, because it's obviously not our crowd. Don't play us. We had 90% of our people on the poll yesterday. I have a thousand. Well, I've got whatever. I mean, the ones who actually voted yesterday know we had over a thousand. And over 900 of them said they voted yesterday and only 100 in some odd, no. So all of them are crowd. Our crowd's speaking in glaze. How do you like that? All you tookless old coots. Yix. Man is, if they could get whipped up in a, for something positive the community as much as they do negative. Like all that alien crap. Alien, alien, alien, what about the real? Well, whipped up into a hysterical frenzy, foaming at the mouth, burning tires in the streets, you know, having demonstrations block it off the MacArthur Crosby, do an all kind of destructive crap, making us the laughing stock of the world again. Over or over a damn child custody case. Because every time the Spanish language media starts fan in the flames again, all they got to do is like a whisper in your ear. But it would put up and right away they just, let's like the flamingos and highly. I just blow to whistle and they start marching in goose stepping. So, you know, the idea that all this assimilation bull crap, they county is never going to change. It is never ever going to change. I don't care if it's 50 years from now. If we went into a coma, they froze us like 10, what you had in his head. And 300 years from now we came back. It was still the same bull crap in Dave County. And he's still be screaming about who's going to speak any in glaze here and a same old tear crap. And how's alien doing in his houses happy meal is that then grown anymore. Jesus, K, F, and Christ. For all of those okay in there, through a few extra ones. Yeah, I love it. I like these smart ass answers, we got yesterday, but only the last ones were three. Yeah, no, they're these are cute. Teacher, smart ass answer of the year. A college teacher reminds her class of tomorrow's final exam. Now class that won't tolerate any excuses for you not being here tomorrow. I might consider a nuclear attacker as serious personal injury or illness or a deafening or immediate family. But that's it. No other excuses whatsoever. A smart ass guy in the back of the room raised his hand and asked, What would you say if tomorrow I said I was suffering from completing other sexual exhaustion? The entire class does its best to stifle their laughter and sniffering. When silence is restored, the teacher smiles knowingly if the student shakes your head and sweetly says, Well, I guess you'd have to write the exam with your other hand. That's cute. Yeah, I kind of like, that kind of cute. Not fall down on the floor laughing, peeping your pants cute, but cutesy, you know. Yeah, cutesy, like what's your name? Avril Lavigne. Okay. You see if I don't want Josh court or says, man, it doesn't vote on election day man. What a piece of turd didn't vote on yesterday's election. As if I vote like him. That's where I asked me if I voted. Did you vote? No, but they didn't need my vote because I live in Broward in the same year. So we haven't had a good time. Just got through a sand that if you just calm down, I just got your off the hook for old times. Broward passed easy man, 26,000 plus votes, 20 of the square. So you bastards in date County that sit on your ass and bitch in mullin about the kilbins in the dis one in this part. So you're sitting at the Jews and then everybody else, and at many times you're sitting there like a bump on a log. Like a dead man or woman in a suit. In a burlap sack, which is where a lot of you belong. You'd be doing a much better public service. Just end it all man. Just go to the nearest overpass in the underpass and take a yump. That's it. We'll see you. 10. 7. At 5. 60 WQA. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Why don't you manage to balance yourself on heels and you look like a proper lady. Okay, we're going to get the tall dude. No, no, no, no. Don't waste the fight. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Now what's the meaning of this? Can't you see I'm not busy? It's focused. He said a word. And I don't know what to do. He said, he said, torture. What does that mean? I don't know. You're all right, or is he coming down? Now I'll call Joyce and get to the bottom of all of them. Oh, wait. Does. Yes. But you have a quarter for what? It's a pain cell phone. Sure here. Hello, Joyce. And I look, we have a word that Boca said. We don't know what it means. It's torture. Yes. I know. Okay. What did she say? Well, she doesn't know either. But we'll stall, tame, and unboke his invoice in other two lines. Just for good measure. Oh, that's a relief. Now get up on my desk and pretend you're a chicken again. Go wild, love that. Yeah. Yeah. Love it all three at QI, M.S. I looked at the radar and it looked promising. I'll take that. Some big slimy greenies man. Co-right the authorities. Coach, sign is trying to hear man. It's brilliant looking outside. Beautiful. Oh, quick. Let's do the game. Yeah, let's play it up here at the Eskido. At least they can get inside where they'll be warm and safe. With all of that crime. And it's minus nine. The Celsius. What's not to like about that, right? All the way up to minus six is to have to know. I think that sounds like a good day for woodbind for like losing your ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's hear from somebody. You're old Cubans out there. Come on. Let's go. Now that guy had a call before he didn't vote. But he was going to vote against it. Right. The one that just crawled out from under the rock. Right. That sounds like a real winner to me. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. All you people who hit literally around by Jim Bushman. You ought to be ashamed of yourself by that fat ass phony. What that smuggling wife and his psychotic kids and his coaxe-dorten daughter. Just a kind of upstanding family that I'm sure everybody would love to have. WCWM. Yes. Hello. Yes. Am I on the air? Yes, man. It sounds just like you. Okay. Is this new? Yes. It sounds just like me. I'm Yeah. You might say was really ColaJinger. Sister of the day. Oh Don't we? All right. I'll be back to our next time. I get into the car with my husband. I'll be you. I can't. FYI. Don't say. Ok. Or I'll be. What is this? I can't say. People are mad at you. You're saying you really want to have sex? hate you like poison if he's punished I don't want to hate me. Why do you think that why is he got found up in the radio right now he must be doing it to punish you because he knows that you know he has terrible case that's a problem. He's a hospitalist. As far as women I would agree with that. terrible cases. Did you vote yesterday. A click there she goes. I asked her question. She's one of those exiliators that voted the I know and there has been those that she's a person. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I just read your over and turn to radio. Speaking. Yeah. She's very upset and she's being forced at gunpoint to listen to the show. I understand lady. I understand you hate to show. I'm just being forced. I'm just being forced. I'm just being forced. I'm just being forced. I'm just being forced. Eating cows. He keeps coming on TV. We have no get nothing coach. I can count the night after after after? That's why companies get coffee courting. criminal. And that bitch that just called us a couple of calls back. No one of your husband hates you like poisoning and probably has your tie up by you know, he probably got a hold of phone to the side of her head. He's probably got her tied up and bound. Yeah, nice going, Tally. Don't let her out. W to Q a. I'm hello. Yeah. Hi, everyone. Great. It's pulling down here in home set. Oh, God. Number one. Number two. See if you can trace that call. Get that lady and give her up present. Give her some kind of price. Never have I heard more you know, I'm sure we're the ones made by him. What it is today, that's right. Exactly. And they made the name from the cell. So we can't say it over the air. Oh, no. I think it began with an M in into a mother. The woman who accused Bill Cosby of sexually molested her as five of the civil law suit against the entertainer. The woman and we have constant father law suit with the Westeress recorded a filth of it off the years today. The lawsuit includes five counts of alleged alleging battery assault and fixed of martial distress. The information and invasion of privacy last month, prosecutors in Montgomery County declined to bring criminal charges against the 60 70 year old entertainer. So they found insufficient evidence to support the woman's claims. The civil complaint alleges that Cosby gave constant three blue pills. When she told him, she was stressed out. Saying they were in herbal remedy. Lawyers for the woman of former type of University employee now lives in her native Canada right down the road. Say they now believe the pills were some form of narcotic. She lives like in where was it not ashua like somewhere in some suburb of Toronto. The complaint alleges that Cosby rather wins breast and general areas and digitally penetrated her meaning. This is from the ABC. This is unbelievable. Wow. This is from the ABC website. Okay, ABC news. Edalog is worth it. And digitally penetrated her meaning with his finger. I thought it meant with his digit. The lawsuit also alleges that Cosby called the woman in a mother at least four times after the resistance and apologize after the woman money. I wonder if he offered in Canadian or US currency. Yeah. Meaning it actually says that right on the page. Me. It's for thinker. Well, you go tabularly. Can't. Thank you. Hello. Hello, Neo. So that old human back lady that you have 900 of what more money a people friend coming down to man. I was criminals letting go of the Supreme Court. They go. So it's more company. They can. What it is. Thank you. Hello. Hi, yeah. Yes, sir. Hey. How are you? Hey, let's hear a jab on the phone the other day with I think we could put it and he was talking about the wall issue of what? Wait a minute. What do you put him on the air? Yeah, he was on the end. And not only that he's calling him. Yeah. Just give him this not the flaky nose. Oh, my. I don't want to say. That's what he is made. Yes. And the fact is that he's going to be a tenor turn him down. He's talking about how the family's going to suffer because the guys throughout their addictive gambling and stuff. And he's got all they're going to watch. Friend all their money at the gambling and then not going to have the sparkly for their families. This kind of crap. I just can't believe it. Well, let's just live we are. I guess. I think we don't have a lot of money. I can't pay. I spend their lunch. But I've bogus a lot of it. It's a dumbest thing. It's the dumbest thing. It's the main kind. Not that I don't love you. But stay in Canada. Okay. I will. I will. I come back here. We know that. I touched my foot down on soil. Just to keep it legal. You know, for a few days here and there. You know, even if they're 180 consecutive days without coming back without leaving, right now that damn time. But yeah, it's true. I come home more often than that. But briefly, but that's all you have to do. I just, it's just such a pleasure to be away from that whole festering thing and I hate. Did you hear that hate? And that with that bitch's voice. I'm not talking about all the Cuban people. I mean, just your kind. That's what I'm talking about. And I point out that 48 percent of the county voted yes. And additional which is far as Hispanics, what was number one? I'm just panics saying, well, 56 to 42. So 42 percent of Hispanics, which includes more than just Cubans, but nevertheless, they voted yes. You see how you generalize? Yeah. Just your kind, honey. Just miserable, hateful sounds like you that are always given us this song. I mean, maybe what it is today is. And you know, something I wouldn't brag about that. Yeah, stuff helped it is lady. I wouldn't be running around telling people like that. Talk about creating an ugly stereotype. Why the black like they do it. I think it's hysterical. It has been under what a nasty, he pulled bitchy is just a punishment. He's probably got our hands tied behind her back and a radio cranked up nice and loud. Nice, gone, pal. I asked to came to a little bit of a company. How many QA in? Hello. Yes, sir. I hate to change the subject, but your person will hear with all these folks from, I was born mine, unfortunately, but I'm trying to get out. Can you tell us please a few years ago, you haven't done it for a few years, about your first date of Michigan State? No, yeah, yeah. I'm out of here with again. You get lost. The guy laughing in the background really. Yeah, yeah. My first date of Michigan State about the grass you're in getting dry and boring. Okay, it's all set up. 29 years later, okay, maybe we're moving forward, not backward. Put it in the building. We don't have people calling into program the show to tell me what I ought to be talking about. Plus, and by the way, she was a lot prettier than you are. Our lean. WQAM Hello. Hey, what do you guys think you was real? WQAM Hello. How old is it? Yes. What can I do for you, sir? That was it. That was the material. WQAM Hello. People already nailed you. I wasn't really doing this. No. Yeah. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. How big is the truck full of money that's being silly back and up to Jeff Bush's house right now? Yeah, I wonder who got smeared on this deal, man. Because Jeff Bush, he doesn't believe anything that he's not paid well for. And I wonder, you know, I saw with 5,000 votes ahead there with half of the precincts cutting all of a sudden when a weaning started getting nippin' tuck all of a sudden it turned to South there in the last couple hours. Just like the Metro Railvole, like every other vote in Dave County. That's what I'm suggesting anything you understand but. Well, just another good reason never to go to Dave County. Amen. Later. See you. Don't forget, Dave County has spelled with four letters. The EAD has been for a long time. They're in a door now. And now that that whole fully South beach thing, which was, you know, just a plastic temporary bandaid, now that that thing has gone south big time. It's they call it south beach for more reasons than one now. If you catch my drift, are you drifting? So what's the story now in Dave County? What's the, oh, that's right. I forgot. It's that stadium that nobody wants to spend any tax money on. They're going to have to let it away. Right. Down there by the Orangeville, which nobody wants to go there. Right. Although all just start going to the games though, once it's built. Oh, I know question about that. You build that they will come out. Now, as you do just pop, pop, pop, pop up there. Pop up and people up. He hyped right up. Whoa, you better watch it now. That's your bread and butter, mister. Oh, hey, I love it. You know, don't give me wrong. He'll drive out there. I got a little bit of a limo take it on there for all the games because we want you to be safe. We'll have you taken a limo. Have my friend Ken Halpern take it down. Patron, little bit of course. May. Get away and feel the release. Smell the fresh sea. Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban rafting on a big lag. It's like a vacation away from your troubles. Your life back home. You are the skipper on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. Unprotectable. Prith taking. Life threatening. Cuban rafting on a big lag. Will you away to something better? Rofester. No faster. Here comes the shark's shadow on much faster than that. Let's run the dansh telepl ! ... .. We'll do it again. 140 rpm. Here's the odd aftertool. What to all you've got is ran out of it. What job does the audience work with, other than QM? Their BIG directives we can save. 10. Still Henry 153 are you sure F past 10 spill sense. Coleman 77 never listen to me on before QM 56 11 and a half percent man we have in 70 years built can you can you smell it? Well that's right he wrote 53 none of the above 34 Mike winner 33 Rick Riley 19 bill called or 17 the burden is up to seven. Stain Major's got six. How do you like that? Oh my God exactly Doug Thompson writes and I see him even though there's a lot of rain on that radar keep checking at every break is I want out here at 12.50. There's nothing worse than them giving you the false sense of right. Well he you've got a short show to run that old games been rained out your own whole two well screw that you know your mama see the and how will that right right Doug Thompson writes and the rent from capital Hill blue that's two days and a wrong reading his piece a rather sorted till us because Dan rather's last newscast on CBS tonight 630 all you old exileos man came to tune and come on he's coming you can show like old rotten uh guacamole at the screen it looks like Linda Blair's been in the house. Dan rather brings his body career as a CBS news anchor man to a close tonight and rabbit right wing blowhars are dancing on his grave before it's even Doug conservative bloggers and bulletin boards were keyboard towers hide behind phony names like an American Patriot or real American can credit for bringing rather down enforcing his retirement as anchor a year early these wing nuts didn't and rather's career as a news reader Dan rather brought himself down by rushing a story to air without checking it out his zeal and these stupidity of those who work for him a CBS of black eye that will remain long after he disappears from the evening news. Ironically the facts of the story that blew up and read this face have never been disproved strong evidence still suggests a young George W. Bush got preferential treatment again of the Texas air national guard and avoid combat service in Vietnam but a specific set of documents used to support the story turned out to be forgeries. Other documents may have existed and others in the Texas guards and some of Bush's records were destroyed or altered. All this brings unbounded joy to the right wing that is long-time rather CBS and most other mainstream media are just shows for the loony left. I don't know what red is political meanings are nor do I care it was his style of reading the news that sour vianna's abilities is an anchor man many years ago and asked up watching his newscast. But I have to laugh whenever these conservative crybaby started whining about the bias of the media. Most of these towns wouldn't know good journalism if it walked up and bit them in the balls assuming you could find their balls because conservatives are too often cowards and probably don't have any testicular protrusions to jump down upon. Ask a white wing up where they get their news may point first of Fox News channel a pseudo journalism operation run by former rich in this propaganda flag Roger Ailes and tabloid sleaze king Rupert Murdoch. Fox's star if anyone fired in their muck can be called a star is Bill O'Reilly a phone sex freak who had a set of out of court a sexual harassment charge brought by a coworker. Rather gets burned by a source and loses his job a Riley calls up co-workers talks dirty of them pays hush money and stays on the air interesting double standard of justice. Another source of information for conservative hypocrites is Rush Limbaugh the pill popping per rare right wing hysteria. Limbaugh long preached that anyone who literally abusing abuses drugs should face punishment to the fullest end of law the conventionally exempted himself from such treatment we got caught loading up on black market pain pills. The list of favored right wing journalists goes on and on for Mike Savage a hate spotting homophobic to Robert Novak to White House shield who outed a covert CIA operator because her ambassador husband is publicly criticized George W. Bush. These and others like them bring disgrace to the journalism profession because they painted the right wing rather than seek the truth. Their success comes from knowing the right wing audience that is that follows them as violent, composed, uneducated, ignorant, gullible louts who would rather hate than understand the world around them. Fox News brings about its high ratings in huge audience numbers proof they save their quality. They've got high ratings all right among cable TV networks a small segment in part of the overall TV viewing audience and the real world of TV ratings those numbers fall far behind other quality programming like survivor the apprentice to Simpsonsias even the CBS TV news. Yeah the numbers tell the story and it's a far different one when told without the 10 year right wing propaganda. He's pretty good old dark Thompson. He's good. Yeah you go a boy. Do you get any update on the ballgame? I mean I hit that stupid questions you don't but they get up there in Jupiter why would have said anything to us? Well why not? Because we're on the air and it's that just oh actually well I makes a lot of sense to me. Let's get another couple hundred calls before 1250 and that pregame show for the modeling game which may or may not get played today where everybody in everybody in town is hanging on the edge of the receipt because we love the marley we want that stadium right by the world's world we're nobody wants to go 5 6 7 0 5 6 the palm 5 6 the 11 rise in singular wireless line. WQAM hello. Yeah. WQAM hello. Who are you guys doing? We're doing good. Today's the greatest day. I have no longer I don't have to drive any longer down to Miami every single word day. I moved to a lot of the guy that had a night glucose sheet job. All right and all I have to do right now is just relax and enjoy and wrap it all the stuff. You're just saying goodbye to David maybe that's our slogan just say bye bye to Dave. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. Who would have thought that everything was looking so rosy and who would have thought that brown why it's been a way for a long time. I mean all is out problems and it ain't no perfect but we're starting to fight out but now we're going to have all this crying. But that's right I forgot about that. All this violent crime and people are going to be raped on a sidewalks and shot in your beds and all these horrible things because there's those evil one arm bandits. Of course the fact that we got slot machines over there to several is that the hard rock cafe and there's no crime that we're hearing about associated with that. That must just be an aberration because you know the engines they got those bows and arrows they don't put up with any violent crime. Yeah. WQAM hello. Yes sir. I'm the flavor that call yesterday that said to me in my boyfriend we're going to go out. Yeah I'm good go go check out these back to them. WQAM hello. Yes I would like that from slot in Miami days for purple with a you in the middle. Yeah about that. WQAM hello. Good morning there. I got my big roof. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. If the power of voters are the only ones that want to approve this the spot machine. Why the hell we share the money with the rest of the state? Because it's like a hold-up man. It's like blackmail. That's the only way you get anything done in 40. Always have to share the goods. All right well happy anniversary and keep up the good work. Thank you Pali. Yeah if you think there was any chance in November that's something would have passed at all statewide any chance at all if the benefits weren't going to be spread around all 67 counties and even then the rest of the state vote against it pretty heavy to write. And only because they'd brown voted for it overwhelmingly did it get passed. And of course when they'd browned against the vote individually yesterday everybody in big counties to tow money or ass that is just yeah I mean not that affects my life even when I'm there I'm not going to go like to to a perm mutual in big county go to a stock horse knot but it's just so depressing and so deflating it's finally after all these years like I said yesterday you have a chance to control your own destiny and not be held up by all these mudwumps all these redness out state and what do you get? You get to read next instaid in Dave County. He hit the bushlickers 27 past 11 in the banana republics. Your name's Neil Rogers. Congratulations on five six six eight and only in Miami. One McGill good zone. Father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son Back to Cuba well Mr. Gonzales how was your trip? Honey good guys honey have any questions before we go any further CC these books with the pictures it's incredible what is this oh that's a television Mr. Lloyd what does I mean Pardon me Well it means what's up like what's going on Right it's a greeting Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you What is it? Oh this pizza Stop crust pizza. He's incredible. How do they get the mutton and cheese into the past? I'm not sure so as I was saying Yeah as I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible Bye bye. Are you going somewhere? No I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band in sings with my new Sony disc man He's incredible. Yes Mr. Gonzales they are quite incredible but we'll be meeting with the Justin in the play and you need to do you must stay clean but he paid no lie Bye bye. Oh God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? Why do you love all I love it? Then back three other channels on table and I can watch all the next things But Mr. Mr. Lillian but is it Mr. Gonzales? It's love as early to a QA and I'm thinking look at the radar again. Let's take a look We're close in person okay. Let's take a pub get it And Oh man we're gonna have big green thing man. It looks like rain but it's not Yeah, it is big blob. There's a big green button in the small and behind it and they're moving like to the Northeast They're like moving over toward the Okachobe Let's see on a strong on a plane Not one Jupiter because I've been in Jupiter. It's not that far north of West Tom right correct I think it'll be okay. I think they might you know okay Yeah, let's play some ball. Let's play some baseball. Let's play two today starting at 145 Sounds good to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five six It you know it's really amazing like I said a few weeks ago how come bush hasn't invaded the Cuban government of Castro already Then we could see these old exileos if they were gonna put their money where there are glad bears are and go back where Hella came from and take over the whole line again good look back to Salami sandwich okay Which was cheese? It's trade. Let's start a rumor they discovered oil there. Yeah, they discovered oil in Cuba And bushes going into this weekend Erika and everybody go back and then you know the first thing we want to do is we build those great casinos from back in the If these stands right right Oh, what's how they the best? I mean, if we didn't have the hard rock you see all these other hysterical arguments I could I could maybe even understand it some people would say oh You know, this is something new and we don't know what's gonna happen You know even though it's only into per mutuals Oh, which are some of the safest places you could ever go, but But you've already got that thing sitting there. It's packed. It's its jam pack morning noon and nights 24 seven 28 What that was that? What was that? Where did that come from? The years studios Yeah, so some jackass is in the control room Yeah, like that in the middle of my show. I met you at the rock solid to make And by the way, where did he come down on this? Where did the rest of the people on this station be Said you were truly in a Humper come down on this where they out there pumping for people to get out I don't know cuz I don't know That's a good question. How come they weren't running around there with sandwich boards up and down everywhere in Dave County getting people to go out and vote? They're having their they're having a little meeting in the in the on air studio and I guess it leaked out It leaked out oh it leaves go turn it back on man Let's let's go back on I love the here this now who's the day? I mean you got Dolph Ray Perry. I mean it's a whole room of people. It's it's like there's about 10 deep Yeah, we'll give us some other names the audience is just itching the door to the camera itself. Yeah, when you saw in there Doc Ray Perry, no You know the layout he has to go into the other room there and see what it is. I understand lay out he can go in there and look and say Oh, yeah Well, he's turned on the mic. So we can hear it and put it on in coming in coming information. Yeah Talk talk talk. I'm listening. It's Josh Ray Perry. Doff Miguel Kathleen who the house can't lean. Yeah, who's that? Oh, that's the new that's the new promotion slunky That's the new brother that Miguel's chasing around. Yes. Yeah, Susie shorts skirts. Yeah, right? I know Gary Sarner. Oh, I'm Gary Sarner. I thought I smelled something. Oh, wow He must have got real nervous as soon as I said trade remember about the Islamic and the Swiss and I said trade Oh, like that. Yeah, that was him. That was Gary Sarner do it. He was growing he thought I was gonna like Uncoacherous house. Yeah, that's what it was Bill and Holly would says on how many saw this? I know I just want to say the papers coming back to me this forced racing stuff. What you stop? I didn't say the article just the guys comment. I don't mind is coming. Dominic you. Hey, I'm hello Oh, yes Oh I'm a 10 minutes from the stadium in Jupiter. It's been raining since 630 this morning So you're early lunch What does it mean? Is it running hard is it is a raining hard? It's been raining since 630 this morning steady. It's not gonna play ball. Maybe water polo Get out of here. Are you five? I'm serious for the friction. How did that call? Enjoy your early. I really latched 205 Oh, one oh five every time yeah, yeah, good idea. What else are you talking about if it's been raining? I'm not gonna play that what is he talking about my room on chimney idea? Like that how is it possible so many stupidos man Grab I think you own a positive to those old exilios the ones with a green teeth in the aglaba virus and it was All the stains under fingers from those big nasty cigars By the way, if it'll give up smoking cigars a long time ago. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay, probably would do 100 WQA How Good morning Neil yes sir. Yes, sir. I'm a stupid American. I came 1960 warn I was a long time ago age of five It really makes me cringe when I hear some of Our folks that come up and say that we made this now Yeah, we've heard that a million times though. How many we made it what it is today every every time some of it Just a segment of the community is something of noxious the response the angry response always is Hey, this time was not the one we came here. We made it what it is today. Absolutely. I cringe. I cringe I just down We contributed to Building this town and I don't know if it's a good thing or bad thing But many others it's like anything else is a mixed bang It is a mixed bag. It is a mixed bag But I'm really really disappointed not not disappointed, but the fact that a lot of our First generation Cubans are letter misled to slaughter they follow the Radio waves and whoever is I mean especially it is usually the Republican Right wing that drives them But I also I've been here long enough to realize that also in the African American community The reverence and the pastor is also leader, Mr. the community But they don't do a very good job this time because they county 56 percent if I think they had the highest the Plus vote why why people voted 55 percent yes and black 56 percent yes and The Hispanic 56 percent know So over there may even maybe some of those viable something preachers that you're talking about I know the crowd you mean yeah, maybe they got a few people to go vote, but the dark community But the bottom line is nobody showed up. That's the worst problem is that nobody and any community nobody showed up to vote That's the biggest problem Where was Amy Schaefer when we need her Have a great day, pal Ask before your time, Amy Schaefer. I was Cubans. You know wow She's dead, I believe I know Tom Schaefer is probably time ever Poor Tom he's a good guy just had a little bit of a booze problem, but he's dead We can talk about him now can we talk about people after they're dead? Yes, we can't sure Here's a fact from Keith who says I'm very disappointed that Dan Raddahl and so am I by the way Keith I wouldn't watch Bob Schaefer if you paid me by the second that Dan will no longer be anchoring the CBS evening news Rather unlike many other news readers actually writes much of the copy rates Actually attempted to gotten cover stories as the managing editor. I like the CBS team reporters Can't they do better than Bob Schaefer or Katie Stink and Kirk? I'm so sick and tired of a critics who talk about the low rated CBS evening news They so call critics don't realize that have good ratings you must have a decent lead in Having the lowest rated local news cast as lead in Zim New York Boston, Miami and LA is the reason for the low ratings Rather survived because the suits at CBS understood this CBS is a smaller percentage of its stations Carrying the ratings juggernaut Oprah Winfrey which also was her heard their ratings maybe Oprah should be rather's Replexed Oh man there's another one when I see her on my TV. I get physically ill her and her protege a doctor fill Makes me ill I gotta take a pill By the way speaking of the nightly news it's become now. I don't know but I'm sure it must be the same NBC and ABC CBS evening news nine out of every ten spots maybe 99 out of 100 are for prescription drugs You know, oh yeah, that's only ever do any mole prescription drugs mask your doctor about Viox asked you doctor if you can die from some ricks after the so-called now all these things And let me just say it again. I'm not like trying to town Canada because believe me I'd like you folks all stay where you are okay. We got enough Americans here already But it's illegal to advertise prescription drugs on television already or you're here. It's illegal Yeah, because the profit motive is the idea here of drugs is like to Help people get well as opposed to just making money as opposed to only the profit motive I don't even understand those words. I know. That's kind of strange, eh? It will always be like legalizing marijuana and Gamerages and things like that. That's easy until noon at five sixty w qm your subversive station for the new millennium baby All you old exilios man. I'm gonna tell you there gonna be a little knock on the door three in a morning It's gonna be Joe Carreo and he's gonna be a tempest in a teapot Right, yeah, or maybe it'll be a Xavier Saurice in his bathroom Hey, you know even after all this time some people still think it's a little unusual to buy a bed over the phone When you call one eight hundred mattress number for dollar mattress You'll find out that they have the most liberal who has a bad word. I'm sorry the most liberal or same policy So there's no risk you see in this case it's a good word all the way around Did you know that one eight hundred mattress is more repeat customers than anybody else in industry? So once you try dollar mattress, I guarantee you I'll bet Greg's life on it You'll never go back to a showroom or a department store again to buy a bed You'll get no nonsense no run around no showroom shenanigans Just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know trust and love when you call 1 800 mattress You'll be calling me company right new world Uno in customer satisfaction Good evening, but they carry silly service Simmons King Quiro tempered ptc and Stearns and Foster Hewitt now Dollar mattress offers no payments or interest till 2006 so called dollar mattress today And do you're shopping the smart way of 1 800 mattress for all the details? Moe George Miguel Fathboy yours truly are all satisfied customers and I've been using them for a long time Call 1 800 mattress right now or log onto their website mattress.com for the best sleep you've had in years I wonder if you're a sarner-usum. Oh Call 1 800 mttr E.S. George I'm not sure I should call for my model. I'm sure so we're definitely open that thing From the producers of iron shaft it's iron boss boy Actually model he's been busing tables at Tokyo's with title restaurant for seven years today He takes on Joe smooth of the sip and bite diner and Cleveland who will be the first to clear at 30 tables and claim that title I am bus boy. I am ready. I know myself. Yeah, forget it. Let the battle begin and Hashimoto takes it early as he risks the flames into his bus hub in one fluid motion Single plate is the pressure getting to him wait He's grabbed the table button. Yes, it looks like he's going to ya get right up a table the dishes and oh I win oh I get that bad the stain on my bus boy on I must commit rituals who was I with the story for my life I'm not creating him up. I'm a great iron bus boy only on the kung fu network 13 to 0 and it's 560. That's a George bit because quite frankly it leaves me a little bit on the limpside I'm a The Harold article says the last minute anti-slide campaign led by Governor Jam Bush was said it has the difference in date Which I was trying to tell a hump or this morning which he was blaming a hero for it I mean a hero was most citrus and filming at the mouth for 10 consecutive days doing everything in their power But nevertheless the hero has no cloud man, but let me just say this to you in November You're gonna general the presidential election Where were the numbers on here? Let me just say it to you if I can find it and if not I won't say it to you Where's it? It passed overwhelmingly in over well well, maybe it didn't come on in here But I mean but how can I not be in oh here it is in Broward in November nearly 68% supported and date 57% got those number 68 and 57 in Broward this time 57% supported and date County only 48% so both were down about 9 see that I see it and the reason for it being is that a lot of people said on their ass now Thankfully in Broward County didn't make them much difference because it won't be fun to spare all those still 5743 it should have been more like 7723 in Broward but in date County 57% back in November and now only 48% losing 9% So we can sit here and blame the truthless old exileers We're sure they they're the ones who went out there clearly and help bring this thing down But the fact that a matter is very clearly again the people who are behind a pro slots that are really Peepore we can't say what peace stands for a What will be a word a urine for a job? There you go of again the people out in the county. They were my trouble Huh you're in trouble for what urine? No, you're in trouble you're your heinous You'll see about probably I'm in trouble because you always don't like that urine man I would've not that dentist in that story you had before I don't want to get back in with That was a That's a Josh Oh, I know I don't want to know you're you are you eating today? I'll dig it up. Oh, yeah, that's what we want to go out and die No, don't show them that story it's even for his tender eyes. It's grow test even for a pervert like him It's just disgusting we can't just bring it up and not let me see it Yeah, but he's cloder here you go. Okay. Well given to him you take a look at it We just a first sensor to of it. Okay, and then see if you think I should have read that one on a year You got it he's got it. No, he's taking it back into the prune taking a puke at it You're already sure by the dentist Yeah, maybe you'd like to read that one on a year. No, there's more to fear than just the pain Yeah, anyway, 68% in November and by our 57 in days So like people said on the rest they stayed home and they people are supposedly Remotivating and mobilizing. I think they did a horrible horrible job I think they are when this job of getting the people of the county I saw it rained and they know that's an excuse if there's a cloud in the sky So it's been a ways to game on or what? How the hell do we know well break up that stupid as promotion meeting in there boys over line up huh? Meet you over well, I find then they got no excuse We got tourists running around there and the muff myster. She's you know Rub it up against the walls in a hall like a cat and heat Come on, let's find out what the story is here. Whether we got a game today or not Whether there's a chance whether we got a shot At least at least give us a little bit of hope right right God here's a fact that says Governor jab did the people of the county a great service That's sucking sound he kept describing is gonna be the money of the county residents going to Broward Marco Rubio did his people a great service as well flagward dog track, which is in his district would have employed at least 1800 of his residents. I can't believe we elect these jackasses when all they do is gross repeatedly So Jackie from cattle. Well, yes, watch Jackie from cattle because every time it's one of those elections a local election It's the same group of Azilios who go out and vote and everybody else does the same thing that he yesterday in the county they sit back and say oh How come we can't get any of our people like it because nobody shows up to vote and it's not a it's not rocket science the same thing Now why do you keep sending me the facts from this guy? Don't read the first paragraph read the cycle word the election is not No sampled ballot once again notifying the public of an election the only thing I received from the government Well in other words like nobody knew there was an election yesterday get out of here The only thing I received from government was a paid with taxpayer dollars political propaganda as when the city of Hollywood That's Marrake Lonti tell me to vote no what country is this it's a banana republic baby in Hollywood of course That's an old banana republic if you got an old banana So the second election in the world that city of Hollywood's been major amounts of tax per dollar to the set of law What's the point of building it? About that but it passed in Broward right oh I'm getting ahead of you from these facts from this guy stop sending them to me right now Or many bells gonna be sitting in your lap in a half an hour 567.0560 just kind of played that for a moment or two. We have Confined naked make you five these pound five 60 and a Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM hello Oh, I am yes, sir Well, how about this? I mean yesterday and coral springs that was the only thing that was on the ballot I mean I drove my I drove my touch out of my seat and I wasn't voted. Yes on it. Okay good for you Well, I was doing date county too. I'm like Broward date county to have all these other dog care elections and stuff Well, here's the beautiful part of it waiting to these people W the first one to belly egg when the state says guess what guys? We have to have a state income tax to supplement all the stuff that we got going on the state W the first ones are not that touch and revoting against it. Okay. I guarantee somebody's old toads that voted yesterday both in date and Broward they're gonna be some of the first ones schlepping to the casinos to play the nickel and quarter-slash I can bet you any amount of it I was out it I was out of car drop the yesterday and that's all there was this blue hair there Right, I mean I did they're coming from somewhere to play yeah, you know Hi, well got help us all me. I'm glad you see call a crime out there pound video. Okay That's what I don't understand. We got it already and I'm gonna get worse. Have a great day It's gonna be crying the skies gonna blow the world's gonna come to a Went in it won't be a friendly tourist yeah, like we got something for the tourist we got tourists for the tourist all right Like I said yesterday was another chance to stick into Orlando a lot of people were like this thinking to Orlando But we haven't seen him in a long time but nevertheless But no, they can't he does they don't want that they don't want the jobs no jobs They don't want to the tourism they don't want the visitors. They don't want the action and you know This crap about people you know there is no question I will guarantee you right now, but you're George and Greg and Maddie Bell's life on her right now That there will be some people who will lose their ass in the slot in the casinos But you know something there are people lose their ass at the track there people that they're ass on the lottery Bending plunging every week on the boat. There are people there are people who can't control their drinking There are people who can't control their gambling and you know it too freaking bad people can't control their eating right that is correct That is right in fact some people can't control their eating at the track Well, they're gambling and drinking. How do you like that? Duffer drink back to huh? So I don't want to hear anybody morning and grow Oh, gee somebody lost their picture. They lost it. Well, too freaking bad. Okay, right? I've told you all along being one who goes very often take whatever money you're willing to lose and that's it And if you lose it hey, that's it like when you go to Vegas I hear all these stories from people oh, I went to Vegas there one five thousand. I won it. Okay, great. I'm real happy for you I've been to Vegas a lot or maybe 50 times in my life. Okay Okay, if I one thing is twice that's a lot. I mean there there You know times I want individual jackpot so over 1200 here 15 I'm talking about overall You know at the end of the trip if I won twice out of 50 times that's a lot in it bother me Oh, did I expect to win no? I had a great time right I've been to wood blind probably 50 or 60 times I would say I want maybe oh 20 times so you do the math figure out the rest, okay Does anybody force me to go there? No is it gonna change my life? No, do I take money there? I can't afford to lose no this new amount of money I win there change my life. No. I have a great time. I love it So I'm just telling you that right up front because I don't want somebody coming back to me later on and give me a sign I'm like Wayne said and tell me that you know we wouldn't play in your wien if you've built it No, whatever you said that bit oh you told us that nobody was gonna. I didn't think of that But using that as an excuse that's our green back crow vision closing up all the bars because you got a few alcohol I should can't control their grickets and because they're gonna be a few idiots who can't control their gambling Too bad, okay, and part of the money by the way is already gonna be your mark toward helping those people But gambling addicts But I just I just don't sympathize with people with addictive first out easy. You got a problem. Get yourself some help Don't keep showing up all the time and crying on people shoulders. I thought you had one guy that chose it But would buy just about every day Mr. I lost my pension. I call him out and nobody's name is that's Mr. I lost my pen Whoa, you know, he's like a Derek Huh, you can't get a friend. My question to him. Why are you a year? Why are you? Oh, you know and for a while or he wasn't playing he just go around giving everybody else in a life that they carry us through Yeah, that's right just hanging around. He likes to play to soak up the atmosphere and go around giving everybody else advice Here's I got a lost his ass lost his pension. He's given other people advice and then one day About a month ago I go in there and he's playing I said, oh, let's go around with you All I'm just a back I'm back losing his ass and though I said why are you doing this? What's gonna be any different for you now than it was before if you're bringing money here You can't afford look. Oh, I just want to get a couple thousand back You're getting it back no I'm losing my ass. Do I have sympathy for him? No, in fact I get sick of my stomach when I see him and there are a few others like that Well too bad You go in any bar you're gonna see a few drugs. You know, sliver and around so I cause But for this we have to hold back progress We have to hold back a place where people would go have a great time and raise some revenue and have a bunch of jobs because something bad might happen to somebody Maybe we could have the bad police you know like since we got big brother government now anyone just making sure that you don't do anything Might be bad for you. We're gonna start with you. Lardos 1158 at five 60 w q a m IRS tax problems in that away. Rune all the aspects of your life They take a tool on you financially physically and emotionally You can never read if we're gonna get about those iris problems that come back every morning when you wake up CPA Jimmy buck wall in the buck wall tax firm cannot be when your iris problems forever and give you back peace of mind Which is why other top CPA and law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax from a name problems with the anxious IRS Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all you unbound tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records Now suppose you have an iris lean wages level you'll payroll taxes and penalties Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the old need time to pay whatever you're a dilemma baby The buck wall tax firm can help you out the offer for initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from iris harassment If not much sooner and vest of all like I always tell you don't have to go to those pin and the S. RS meetings because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions You have to show call them today with the O10 grand a million dollars in iris taxes or any amount in between the buck wall tax from can get that nasty monkey off your back call 9 5 4 5 7 5 2800 that's nine 5 4 5 7 5 20 hundred for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irs freedom dot com You're listening to St. Goldstein but you can call me down me whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute I am in town. It's the 12th award hour And on the big oh my steps in for a garden. Oh, that's just short for Orlando blue you don't look Here, no Now Neil's gonna repeat for four hours I've been thirsty keep this in strict confidence, but in case you want to run away with here Oh Maybe we should take this call for my special guest Roberto L'Ongo I a reboison you know that I'm the boy to the parents now There's an aren't you that squeaky boy sky that goes back all the time Not me I'm a children you know I You Well here it is here is the epitome of what Q and was all about on a piece of paper right here This this is what this radio stations all about just on the day when I finally said I don't give a crap anymore and I thought I couldn't I couldn't give a crap less this facts from PR route Now do we have any verification of this no? Well, I've that's what I'm saying he says I did you a favor contact the city been jupy where the game is not being played today He'd be the breaker bad news, but still love you PR route Now he's a regular fact you might don't think would make up something like this correct a friend of the show indeed a friend of the family Yes, he is so don't you find it just a little bit irritating and a irresponsible and absolutely Grotesque and unacceptable absolutely unacceptable that your program director your operations man Your whoever else is hanging around in there those two in particular haven't come in yet and said Oh, by the way the game is rained out and we're gonna be on you're gonna be on dual two or something like that nature My impression hasn't changed about since today. I walked in here I mean you talk I mean these are people in desperate search of assignments to try to justify the resistance on the planet much less in a building and Yet something as simple as that or as decent as coming in in the middle of the show and saying oh By the way the game is rained out and therefore Yadie whatever and you'll be on till two of them. We have to call in Show it's said but we got nothing for man has been only from outside I'll tell you one thing if we didn't have the facts machine and a phone we'd we'd totally be clueless Right be like being in a studio. No windows the only contact we got with the outside world's at TV set up They're never reason we got the TV set is because Jeff Cohen brought us the first one and they had to replace it Because it were two and burst not to replace it. Oh, I got my TV right here thing gun on MS and we see right I'm off CNN I am done somebody's out of watch MS and we see my as well be me So we don't know whether we're gonna be here to 1250 till two till week from Shavoyce till Gary's starting her Traves up the house. We have no idea what's going on by the way You've got a nice bright smile on your face today, Gary. How many Q a m? Hello? Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. What do you think is the ball game on or off today? Well, if the weather is anything up there is it is down here. It is in Barakown, you need to go and know where Damn it. Sorry. Yeah, need to listen at two points Number one, I really want to thank you for reading that thing you did yesterday comparing Bush to Hitler by Senator Burr from Virginia right that was really if he's one of the few people that actually has a clue There has the balls to send you got that right there's a club against Bush with Republican controls Senate Take does take two big ones. Yeah, and the other thing is I'm a teacher here in Barakown I'm on my lunch break right now and the big discussion with teachers lounge at least in the school line that is How the money that it's gonna be generated by the gambling that supposed to go to the schools It's gonna have to be split malemones rest of the state of the rest of the state So we're gonna get lost for our teachers salary is going up and everything It's just not gonna happen It's gonna happen as they're gonna happen Anything that's gonna mean anything many right so nobody's real thrilled about the fact that We're now supporting the rest of the state and That's really kind of sucks to well that that's the let's see only where you get it done You know that you have to be as blackmail it. You have to pay the rest of the state when you're in a mudwump state That's what you have to do to get anything done. You know I've been here since 1969 and I don't understand how those people up in talent And the worst part of it is that you're gonna be subsidizing people in Dave County who voted against this thing That that's the most embarrassing part of it. It is it's just one more thing about Florida We got a little bit of a good luck to you palestin. We have a telegram. Yeah, have a great one See around eight thanks five six seven all five 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line It's a tropical depression baby. I'm sure that's since my route first moment to go somebody is open to drop and said Some I have a bulletin. Yes The game is not called off yet supposedly Tree down there said the tarps out in the field and it's cloudy so it could happen. Oh PR rouse a stuck it to us See never trust me. We can man. I'm telling you right now. No, no, no, no, no, no, it's your friend. No, it's your friend That's your buddy, right? That's your punk-buck buddy PR rouse I never met the guy and he's one of your personal buddies comes to your appearances and gives you like a massage Right gives you that feel like the dentist was doing at his wife too. Right. Oh really Who'd be our rouse wife or the dentist both Josh is gonna read that story about the dentist on the ear I don't think we can't That's what I'll find out We're gonna read it through the Howard David show that attempting to say yeah, maybe more read it'll be his non-sports leading for the day I'll put it on Howard David in the show. You just got to tell me that it's cloudy and I'm gonna try to play the game and now you tell me It's gonna be Howard Joe boy, we're having our bets make up your mind. Dominic you a.m. Hello You know, there's there's you know this thing was dead in the water the minute that you know governor Pan-ass governor. Thank you Start it lying okay on his on all the media campaign that he did against this where he was saying that You know the money has to go to all the other 65 counties that that's you basically isn't any Long that says that's what they got to do with it now the spike Howard He's gonna do that that's what they're gonna do that's how they're gonna pass it. They're gonna screw Broward okay by making my bite now passing legislation making that money go to the other 65 count I thought that's the way it was written up in November so that Because they haven't even decided how it should be giving up yet These guys now got to go into session at the side all of his crap But I got to tell you it's amazing how this guy came out It just killed it in day. I guess what happened in November and day it was just an apparition Okay, it's amazing how this him and his coconut spiriters at the Miami Harold Okay, because on Sunday Carl highest-and-road road a piece You know totally slamming the whole idea really yeah, hall highest in yes sir I think I didn't expect not to sell out of the Harold and the Harold since this this made the ballot That Harold has been running pieces that Meep no doubt in your mind that they were against I knew the right Hey, Hank was talking about that. I don't have come out and and has just you know Sort of writing articles against this lot. Okay. I mean I went and voted yesterday My point place okay. I had to wait up the workers. Okay, basically what I want And there was nobody there. Okay. I had to hey yo. I'm here. You want to check me in right? Right exactly so and in my hand even like I didn't see anybody A buddy of mine who's at a different polling place so that we live in like the same You know general vicinity in Kendall, but he's got a different polling place And I do you went in there to vote for it and he was the only one that was in there Also is pathetic. Okay. The way he just scared Especially the be equalonee those are these scared be the all Foggy go any doesn't supporting against this Okay, but like you said nobody I'll show it up to vote. Nobody I'll get the problem Nobody I'll show it up to vote for it. It's amazing so I think old sad story in Brian. I'll every election When I'm going to have to be driving on the tip. I'm not going to go to the hard rock. What do I want to know? Yeah, because I go and I know I go on those damn Mickey R's and cruises to know where that's for sure Thank god for that. All right. Yo. Just my love you. See you. So come to Mickey, baby We are so sick and tired on issue of Mickey Erson and his Masquerade that goes on makes me want a barf and believe me a lot of people on those cruise ships That's what you'll spend half your time doing his barfing from the food that rotted you know From the box of the and that's another and that's just the woman getting raped But all the people getting sick of their stomach and getting equal line all these other grotes things from the rotten food For just a little minor problems Carl Heisen writing against the I got to see that column at two Carl that is just the left You know, maybe if they had a few Manities and dolphins and alligators there may be Carl could have embraced it a little bit better It could have worked it out so that we would raise funds for the manities our old manity hugging friend Carl Heisen Talk about a cell on huh. I want to maybe they put his job on a line is asked online for that What kind of a moron and you know probably these are people that don't go to casinos that don't gamble All the crap we heard all of these years about the evils of gambling and how terrible it is in Vegas and Yadi, Idiad and all the crime and bapa bapa You go to Vegas they treat you like a prince like a king and a queen for crying a lot You could eat off the floor They've got all those fantastic inexpensive meals in buffet He's the old farts and the connoes would just fail from that they couldn't believe it But no, it's all these horrible things are gonna happen and the sky is gonna fall and everybody's gonna lose their lunch money And they're gonna grow broke it people are gonna get in rate in the streets and that's that everyone's so on and it's actually gonna be crime in Dave County I mean what I wanted joke that time in Dave County number three in a country out of the top hundred number three worst Miami right in the middle of Dave County and that's even all these years after Marylle 25 years later Speaking of guess who made it what it was back then that was a pleasant time by the way 12 14 at 5. 16. How many times I'm assuming we're still going to the pregame It's interesting because tree Crawford not did he call you know Miguel called him oh Miguel called him Yeah, what's our what's our programming maven's doing? What's Mike the maven doing? I don't know the meeting you said is over with has been yeah Has been for like a half an hour don't keep me count me they're holding their meeting again. Okay. I don't want to hear about it It's almost like that Dennis story hey Speaking of that if you look at the mirror and you wonder where did it go? Where am I my here we're talking about we're did it call all the way I like this and I short almost no here now Wait to see me man you'll say holy crap you'll say man he looks bizarre But anyway don't always check out theories been helping the famous and also famous look fantastic for over 30 long Amazing years with this fantastic best in the world news skin like hair system It is a hundred percent on detectable and the reason I say it's news because every year He refines it makes it better and better and better The hero looks like it's grown right out of your scalp as opposed to a mossy looking musk red that fell from the sky Like those frogs in Magnolia and died on your head Here's the way works you try Charlie system for 30 days That's 30 men and after a month if you don't know what the way looks in fields and spells It people are grabbing and clawing at your body and trying to get a sniff then make the call and It'll give you a full refund call on today and set up an appointment. He'll drag your ass in there and show you how much better and younger He can make you look with his fantastic new skin like hair system 1 800 3 21 24 13 That's 1 800 3 21 24 13 Like I always tell you got nothing lose but that vault spot and mentioned you heard about it here on the new Rogers show You get a special QAM 200 hour disco after regular $800 price of Charlie's natural hairline system 1 800 3 21 24 13 around the wicked web Charles Alfieri dot com Sure listen to me We have the banana republic baby only in Miami Yes, though get out of you by all right, we just can't use ya You've been around wait for long You are You Oh, I saw God damn it, you and me go, son of a bitch This fall we know you liked Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63, did you kill Kennedy? More than, where the, more than, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, Get down now and be your nation. Are you in domestic station? Feed the will is the embargo, children will become another key cargo, you are safe. You are safe. Return it all the raps and boats away. Okay, I'm sure you got the first one, didn't you? Yes, I got it. I got it. Get out of the queue, but we just can't use your filter in the round way too long. Yes, so you are going to pass along your last stop day at the station. I'm not afraid so that's worth it. I'm not afraid so that's worth it. You are so, you are the only ghost son of a bitch. This fall we know you're like, are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63, did you kill John Kennedy? More than, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, Get out now and be your nation. Are you in domestic station? You don't believe the embargo, you will become another key cargo, you are safe. You are safe. It's a normal grass and also way. The water, the water, the water. I poppies, it's 1222. I'm sure the judge was on the baller and got the first GD thing. I would have been. I was in the other room, I got my clothes on. I was busy. Because the good news for me is that come hello, higher water. 1250, I'm out of here. All right, that. Okay. Well, what do you mean, okay, man? I'm just, well, that's what you're out. Oh, that's what it says here. And since we're being told that the game is on and it's cloudy, but it's been raining earlier and it's a tarp is on the field. And maybe there's a delay or whatever. But at 1250, we're out. Has anybody told you anything to the contrary? No. So when it do, we're getting a hello. Got it? All right. All right. Exactly. Can you say the better myself? You've turned 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a Verizon and singular, wireless lines. How's that pull coming? I haven't made no mention that in a long time. Probably good idea. A lot of votes though. We got 642. That's not bad. What talk host? Neal is worked with other than QAM. Did you like the best? Over the years, over these 29 years. Still hungry 202. Kill on them. Kill on Phil. Are you sure? That's did in the past. These like a lot. They like poison now. Most of them. Suds, Coleman 103. Nobody don't like suds. Except maybe Rick. Never listen to Neil before QM83. That's 13%. I'm not lucky. You know, maybe I better not go out there and punch my guts out. Randy Rhodes 70, none of the above 40. Everybody. We don't like nobody 40. Rick, Ronnie 24, Bill, Colbert 20. The birds got 13. How do you like that? Speak in a bad luck. Pull good for him. Stan Major A, Jerry Wishner 7, Brook Daniel 6, Joey Reynolds 5. He's tied with Alice Rand tell. Also 5 for Craig Worthing. Alice Bennett had four. Dave Caprieta 3, Jerry Williams 3, Chris Faker. One drop in. One listener. One ball spot. He's syndicated now. He's out of Texas somewhere. Houston or Austin or somewhere like that. Chris Baker. Candlestick. I do really bad. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. You know what it is. One is five or six blocks. Right around Aliens house. They had no agenda. They would all vote for this thing. But all they want to do is just be a storm in our ass. If that guy didn't know that we could say it. That's right. I'm sorry. Right, ask. Think that simply as you got it. I figured. So let's be in our ass. Right, sir. Well, I got news for it. They did more than that yesterday for the three premieres in Dave County. Right, Tom. Tell. It's down there. Till the right. That's right. It was a real shot in the head for the poor folks. And after that nice lady wrote the fantastic letter. And had a pay for the ad in the herald to put that in the nowhere chair right yesterday. Was it Florence Hector Flag or which one was it? Whatever. And he spelled it right out there very calmly and sensibly in all the positive things. And she went to all of that. And then the poor people in Miami High Live. Or we're going to take it in the ear from this. And call her, which just happens that the geographical misfortune of being a couple of blocks south of the day, Broward County line. I mean, you talk about a bad break. Brother. I mean, Gulf Stream gets off easy because they're just barely north of the county line. And color takes it right in the old. Shoot because they happen to be just a little bit just barely in the day. Just go to show you all you young people out there. Stay out of date as much as possible. Okay. You want trouble head for Dave. You want to walk it up. You better have your passport and your papers ready when you go to Dave County. I'm spending it right now. W 2 a.m. Hello. W 2 a.m. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I voted for the property and the big argument I had with the few dogs that I knew that were going to vote or voted against it, was basically all that worried what a money's going to go and listen to that. It's not going to go to schools all. My personal feeling is I could here where it goes when I go to Vegas, which is like maybe every two years on a trade show something. I can't go. I lose them. I've never won. It's in the payments. It's like going to a restaurant. That is absolutely correct. And as long as you just said, well, as you say, you don't go, you know, better mortgage money. It's built in the party year expenses. And that's the end of the story. If I go to wound's Christian, I would give up. Okay. Well, there's a way to go to the waitress goes to the restaurant that he throws three. I had a nice meal. When I think with gambling and they're worried about the teachers and it's going to tell a half thing. It's going here and it's going there. You see, every time there's one of these issues, you've got a certain segment of the electorate out there. Unfortunately far too many and they want to analyze everything. And they've got to understand, well, I want to know for sure where it's all going to go. And I want to know the percentage. What, like you say, what the hell difference is the make way to come down. There's no question about the jobs. I mean, these places don't run themselves. I see out of woodbind. I'm fantastic. Then were people working there. It's an industry. And it would self absolutely. But I'd say one last thing and it's not up that you've been a hope that they got to touch with Moe because you could be on before clock today. Guess what? We'd our 10-year-old on long gone. See ya. Thanks there. I'm on my way to Woodbind, baby. I got my driver ready to pick me up. Remember how even Michael had a driver in the Gophai? Right? I'm going to Louise in the Bronx where I'll be safe. Yeah, that's what you think. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 50, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Well, you know, if no sense of crime over skilled enough, you had no chance in day. The most you said on your ass. And we consider in screaming, you know, those old humans man, they're not going away. They're going to live forever. Just out of spite. And plus whoever else voted against, there wasn't just them. But whoever else did. But the fact that a matter is, uh, nobody showed up 14 percent. We could get more than that just for a cockpit in Hylia. We could get more than 154,000 people. A million plus registered voters in Dave County and 154,000 showed up. And now it's the ringing of the hands and the gnashing of the team. And whoa, is that all this other stuff? And I was going to go back to the day in two more years. Things that should be as automatic as getting out of bed in the morning is falling off a log as is breathing the fresh air anything. Any place else easy as pie. But not in South Florida. Everything is moving the fecal man. It's very difficult. Just the nature of the beast. You know what I mean? Oh, oh. WM hello. They talk my chat. WM hello. Nail. Yes sir. Hadn't for Brad County of how it would date. Yeah. Good move. Just unbelievable. Four people in my my lie and flag on that been there for years. That's the end of it and they're never going to be able to compete now with with gain and Hollywood and all that. That is over for them. But how about people in Caltre now? You got like Hank said this morning got gulstream after road Caltre is not going to be able to goose up those persons like Gulf Stream is and in the summertime racing. Who knows how long Caltre made me able to hang onto it? Yeah, but they are owned by Churchill down the corporation. They got a lot of money. Yeah, that's true. That's true. I mean, I don't know if they're going to be able to know. Now, it's gone. That's right. Yeah. I wish you would have been the other way around because I would have rather seen Caltre get in gulstream and lose a custronic to me as a real. I don't like going to be. Yeah, he's like a Bernaddi's a he's a jerk. But just unbelievable bush and liquor is in day County once again strike. Yep. Now you know where the flamingo is when when it closed on Hylia. Do you ever see that? You know what, Hylia? Did you have seen the videos of the event? It was a beautiful thing. The infield there were the tote board and then the the lake, you know, like a lot of tracks. And the flamingos all were gathered there on the little islands in Lake and when it came to be feeding time. The whatever hell they would come to ring master the ring leader the goofball. He come along and blow to whistle. They all like line up and go step along because they knew they've been trained at when the whistle sounded It was feeding time was like the dog would have love. You know, to ring the bell on the refrigerator door the same thing. And it would like to whistle. They'd all like to line up and go step along and they get fed. You know, it was a beautiful thing to watch. So we know that the flamingos have moved to a date county and voted yesterday's election. Somebody QAM hello. Give me a seriously long for the date of the pandemic when there's real pressure. Breath of the video. You enjoyed blow and the show sucks too. Okay, thanks very much for the good news. And thanks for listening. Tell me QAM hello. Say a meal. Yes sir. Think of things worked out great for date. Yeah. And they get to keep the money. They don't have to be embarrassed. They get to keep what money. They're the money that he spread out to the state from my brothers, right? And what about all the money they're going to lose out there on revenue? What about that? I don't know who's any revenue. Then they would have had it for what had passed. But the other thing is they know they don't have to look so pathetic and desperate. Like, bro, or to tell court a bunch of compulsive gamblers. But money. I'm not a pathetic and and desperate or a horticulture compulsive gambler. Like Vegas. You know, everything I get off of playing a Mcereon airport in Las Vegas. I look around. I think to make myself. Why? And these people look really pathetic and desperate. So let's take advantage of those people. They sucks. Oh my god. We're just starting to crack too for school. WQAM hello. Thank others. That going on Dave. QAM hello. The thing is. They're staying day. Let me tell you. Follow from Broward. I see those green teeth. No speaking English. I want to boot them right off the machine. Yeah. And take it myself. Let them stay down that hillhold. They're late. Okay. Hubman Dware is they stay in China right. 567. 560. How's the laminear? You know what I'm saying? It's unusual for South Florida. I'm sorry. I'm usual all is hate. All this resentment. Well, that's all you're talking about. Yeah, that's right. Well, Nate has not to be embarrassed now. You know, being so desperate is to have to cave in all these compulsive gamblers. Right. We'll shake them down and brodo it. We'll kill them. I know that that the seminal joint up there, the hard rock can't play. I know that all the people there like jumping out of the windows just filming it to my loose and all their mortgage payments and everything. They've got a lot of big of a style of tower just for Ryan. How many QAM hello? Tell about the Q was man focused on the illegal spot. They were taking over. We're taking over. No kidding. No kidding. W. W. Q. Not there. What is shame? That was going to be real good one too. How many QA hello? Not there. Wow, spastic man. The pressure is getting to him. Spastic. 12.33 already. We got that baseball game coming up at 12. 50. Pregame. Whether they like it or not. So we don't have it. Yes, we do. We're going to throw it to them. You know, just like just like normal. Like we always do. Let them do the rainbow. They will do the rainbow as spectacular. And that would be great. And we don't mind. Let's see. What does team song should I play? What's the amount of teams a little bit too short? Seems a little short right. I want to have something going to go into the ball game way. Part of you don't just kind of long. Like what's that? Well, it's not long. It's a very short team. You're wrong. It's not long at all. What about got to have an instrumental? I got a good one. I don't know how long it is. Measure it. Yeah, that's it. Okay, there's a little preview of the game. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. Yeah, that's it. Okay, there's a little preview of the game. I'm going to have to do it. Yeah, that's it. Okay, there's a little preview of our pregame music for it. For those who like to be on the inside of things, you know, 26 to 1 at 5. 60 WQM, the main man Anthony Kelly and order acceptance capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting those mortgage payments, pulling out cash, investing real estate, all of these things. All of these things. All right, the top of your list. Now, Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the entire country. So just keep in mind, it doesn't make sense to keep all that equity. You know, it's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. We had to handle it. From my wife, congratulations to you. insulation is really expensive. It's really scary. Yeah. Just if it seems the wind blows shit away, no matter what. Maybe it gave off that you can't refuse. But then we make a back to friends and the Saudis. They all friend rejecting price for 3 and 1 and getting that back home right after and they may vote it down in a minimum wage and now they're really saying yes, Trump's going to get on. Well, we need the uniform. This is only going to be three bucks a gallon. Well, you know, I'm money for it. Yeah. But I'm going to have a little more of the land class and the poor are going to get to a job even if they have one. Hey, screw the poor. That's the model of these folks. Screw the poor in nights. Robert Hood reverse. All for the way. Yeah. Good luck. I'll see you in the board as we don't. Good luck. Thank you. Okay. We'll leave it. Believe me. What are what that punk every disappeared do, huh? Why is he calling and say tanks? For those who are gas prices. I can't believe what's Daniel's. I actually got a couple of votes on that pool. Can you? Brook Daniels who was a Randy wannabe, who was a headwax he build up. He got nine votes. Can you believe that? There is the missing nine votes. Yeah. The nine percent from the election from back in November. She's got him. I can't tell you where she's got him. But she knows the whole ball of wax. WQA and hello. No. Yes, sir. Question. I think Indian allowed the high-regals. What's the final answer to what they got? That's an excellent question. I would assume that they're going to take the, well, they've already filed a thing in court and I would assume they're going to get the regular response to. Because whatever the law permits in the state, whatever is permitted by the Constitution allegedly, they supposedly can get the same thing. Okay. That's also down in Miami. So that man also, right? Or in the case of cookies? Yeah. That's an interesting question. I don't know because, well, I don't know. If somebody with a better legal mind than me to know. Well, I'll be going to pop it up because the poverty's so tough. He's going to pop it up. Me too. I'll see you there. Thanks. I'm going to have my own bank of machines by the way. That's what Dick Feinberg tells me now. I don't want to be selfish. I don't want to want to want more than, you know, 510 grand a day when I go there. I'm not there that much anyway, right? Just enough to what you're weak. Yeah, that's all. I just want to wet my beak. Okay. And Hollywood Graham, which supposedly they love me like crazy now because the fantastic job I didn't miss the back of November and I again here the other day. They should also give me a bank, right? Right. That's a good idea. Being a seller, you know, all these bags of money that are flowing in or chown up at my do. Oh, yeah. Man, oh man. Because I sure went and gambled. I'll pay you that all the time. I don't know. I don't know where those people that goes all the time and then make some stories about hog. Some people have an image to maintain. Don't lose the muscle. I can't tell. I'm begging. Don't do it. Believe you, me, especially when you're working for this up, but you never went out with those chairs. Well, it's bigger than that. That's why they didn't come in to tell us about the game because I'm sure that clearance and muff are both feelessly working out of make sure that my shit, my shit shows up on time tomorrow. Right. They're right. No. That's right. They're covering it right now. They're out of the street. They got Miguel out there with what's in him, Kathleen. What is he name, Kathleen? What is your life in about? I don't know what her name is. What is the new Abimbos name? Is she there? What are you laughing with? Jesus, God, all right. Let me get him to that. You're a fellow, Joshua, shall I? What? Kathleen is Josh's mom. Kathleen is Josh's mom? Yes. Josh Cortis is mom, the one known. And Miguel is doing her? No, God. What kind of a story? This is where's the next dinosaur we had before. No, it ain't. Holy moly. Much better. I see. Well, that's how Miguel said. Well, what's your mom doing working there? What do you mean she's being here? She got lost. God, the job. Why? Did I ever meet her? I don't think so. I don't know. You can't have to be the same. It's a family of Furnab, we're getting the Gonsumish Bokha in there. How much your brothers and your dad and everybody else is in the dog? Maybe the dog is going to be like, you know, our mascot. Come and sit with me. Yeah, your pitful could be our mom. Yeah, yesterday it tells me he's got a dog and then he tells me he had a pit bull. Is there a problem with that? No, yeah. I tell you, you said you had a dog. Well, I mean, you know, WQAM hello. Yeah, this is Robin Williams, not on that old region. Oh, Regent. Ha ha ha ha. WQAM hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, Sally, what's up? I want to be honest with you. I'm a criminal. Yeah, I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal. I'm part of the criminal element. Yeah. They you hear so much about. In fact, I'm, I remember the criminal element you in down here. Good. Now, we've been waiting for this to come to pass. We've not, not with standing the Indian Latinos with 25,000 people a week in and why you've got to find 90 five. We've been waiting in the shadows for the one on bandits so that we could finally have something to do. Douglas, Charlie. That's right. Now that we finally got that thing passed in Broward, all the criminals are going to come out of the dark shadows, out of the woodwork and apply their trade. All those drug pillars, all those rapists is all those evil doers. I mean, how much about course keeping mine, it loud these people are the same people of vote for anybody with the last name bush. So when it comes to stupid, I mean, it's like every London thing, you know. Stupid, be us. Anyway, a lot about playing that theme song. Yeah, I figured. You like it. Why not? I'm not going to play. What was it? Vananza? Yeah, don't pull this. People are dead. Lauren Green, dead. Dan Blocker, dead. Michael Landon, dead. Who was that? For no Robert's dead. Yeah. And what about half sing? I thought it was Bob Choi. I think they used to squeeze in to make half sing. But anyway, I thought I'd play some of you like a lot. I don't want to play it too early because it will run out before the end. Okay, so anyway, here's the deal. We got the Red Sox and Marlon's hopefully from Jupiter at the very least. We got the pink game coming out of Sweden. Get out of here. Thank God. Mad Dog after the ball game. Hurricane Hotline and Hollywood Greyhound. Seven to eight is the Frank Heath hour. Keep the Hath and with Josie and the Josh Dero with turns. Make the lead program director. You got the Beast and Hollywood Greyhound at nine. Eddie K. At 10 tonight. It's your favorite. Yeah. You love it. You have the Mollens, baby. We love Broward and St. Cady. Pretty good. I don't believe it. You're gonna look at it. You don't believe what? It's a song. Great. He's still alive. We can catch. Hi. I'm a week back. You're the sweetest kid. You're the son of my dad. And we're the Della Street from Paramacen. Yes, I did. We've talked about this 80 million times. William Cat is their son. What was your name? That played Della Street? I don't know. We like you, Rose. Let's go. We're the middle night. I'm walking down here. I never thought I could feel no. You're the best. I'm with all the world. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. I'm not. Hey. I'm the sweetest kid.