I'm sorry like I was in a 10-chan and I come all the way to the end I don't know didn't it? Sorry. How old? That sounded okay I'm fine. No, from where I am. That sounded okay. Hey it's you. That's good enough. That's all accounts. That's right. Yep. What's up you? You a fan. Oh yeah. We're a lucky. They're lucky. That guy, how about my Spartans lately? I'm going to tell you something. That guy was about as lonely as all alone as a guy with body odor and all they write. He's just and you can smell the feet in the air. Yeah. Good. And if the cane's it's starting off. I'd start off owing too. Wow. That would have been, uh, never almost had been like the dolphins losing the jets. Well that wasn't unexpected. Why wait Neil? Why? I'm expected. I picked the game 176 on a year ago. Was it against your last week? Excuse me. Although Kansas City's pretty dang good. Looks like excuse me. Yes. On ESPN. On my selection segment. Yes. The jets are not as bad as they look last week. The dolphins are not, are not as bad as they look last week. The dolphins are not as good. I gave the score. Jets 17. The dolphins six. I was all right. I went to a good last week. They played a half. They were good in the second half and they realized they've endr missed the team. Yes. Yeah. I mean, they had to go to New York where the jets always beat them. Yeah. And the dolphins are not going to have this kind of a year. It's going to be right up and down. Patriots look pretty weak yesterday. They missed the bus also. I picked that too. Boy, they look bad. Really bad. Your friend Tom Brady got knocked around for them. I've done it. I've done it. Of course, the special teams really have stumped. We don't want to. Michigan State. I would have bet you a lot of money. We'd be the big man that they were going to blow that lead. I don't know how well that they actually would pull it out no more time. But they do that all the time. It's like some teams just have this neurotic repetition. They just famous for doing the same thing. 38 to 17 and I thought to myself, if they can get out of the third quarter with a three touchdown lead, then they're going to win it. And of course they didn't. So you're watching a football this weekend. Yeah, I watched a little football. I saw my buddy Tom Brady Pat Quinn. I mean Brady Quinn. Yeah, oh Brady Quinn. Yeah, I know the name. I know who that is. Yeah. But it's not important. At least they made it exciting. Anyway, they pulled it out no more time. Touchdown Jesus couldn't pull it through form. I can't be glad again that you're not here this week. I am with the Brian or even. In fact, it's just a lead to sting that I've printed out here is that the tropical stormy could become as much as a hurricane by the time it hits the keys. Oh, I knew is that right. Yeah, we can get that on our report. Well, I just got the latest and the greatest from your friends at the Harold. So I'm on top of it. Oh, if it's in the Harold, it must be right. Brian and here it's beautiful. There's not a cloud of the sky. It's going to be like 77 today, man. It's just like heaven. All week now. Oh, I have a week arena. I guess. Well, good luck to you. You'll leave it. Thanks. You'll leave it. I don't think so. This doesn't work quite the storm is going to be too much of an impact up here. But don't say that. I know. Don't say that. I got stuck right in the sand at last time. Based on the predictors and the prognosticators. And then of course, they turned out they've got him pretty bad. So don't say that because looks like there could be a lot of people. It looks like there could be a lot of rain. I'll get to eventually here in a couple minutes. A lot of rain and wind. Yeah. Downing trees, power outages. It said we're not like Katrina. Although similar to when Katrina had Florida. Would it be that bad here? Possible. Yeah. Because it seems to be going south. Is that what you're talking about last time we thought it was going to hit Boca. And then it took that little jog. All it takes is just a little bit of a jog there. Yeah. At the ass and then. That's what happened with Andrew. Remember? Andrew was supposed to go north. Yeah. Can you imagine if it would have? Because I said I said out of my part of the time. I said out of my patio. And it was just it was like the end of the world. And that was in West Broward. And of course, you know, it hit the homestead. So one can only begin to imagine. And this rain, Reagan. He's this guy's in knucklehead. I come to find out. He's an idiot. Yeah. When I was people in the concept. They got no power. Most of the place. They got no portable water. They got no nothing. And of course, all the disease and the unhealthy environment. The hospitals are for the most part closed down. The bars are all going to break. I got the bars open in the French Quarter. Yeah. There you go. That's what's important. And they can just get the third grounds open in the bars. Everything will be okay. Oh, speaking of the fairgrounds. Yeah. Here's an update on Gulfstream. Yeah. I talked to a guy who told him who's close to the construction people. Who told me they could work 24 hours a day from now until they're opening. And they won't even have the first floor finished. Well, that's good. Yeah. But I bet you'll bring back Gary Puckett in the Union. Get to sing out there in the banjo. Yeah. That's all I counts. It's like when Hailea went to Brunette. He brought him all those hoochie koochi groups in there. That was going to bring the fans back to the race track. Yeah. And a few people. I'll show you. He said he's not there for the race. I was lame acts and not one person would come into the track. But you know, even lots of the race. They just never learn their lesson. And of course now they're. Your buddy Mike Mayo actually wrote a good comment. I thought it's a slot machine. Yeah. I got a petition thing going and nice going there. My cold and Mayo. That was well done. I read that yesterday. Yeah. Nothing's going to have any impact. But at least you know, it's an outlet for. It's understandable that the legislature doesn't enact what the people voted for. Yeah, but I haven't ever done that. You'll say that the the per mutual people will all do respect to my friends at Toppo Park to the per mutual people are they're wishing out. Yeah. Well, as soon as Judge Mo. So they said to give him the go from Judge Mo. They should have started ordering machines and said, look, this is it. And we're going to go ahead and the things said by July 1st, you need to do it. That would have gotten them off the race. But they did, they're just kind of sitting back. But it would be like always in Florida, you know. I think they're afraid of the governor because he's. He, you know, like well, the keys. The other report that we have received. You can do that again on a busy year. Yes, you're. Goldberg. And gas stations along US one in the key. Look at that. There's your fat ass governor. As long as it's a Sunday, he's off the road. We'll be saying like you said, he's got to help a family. The moment you said that, there came his ugly fat pussy on my TV on CNN. I can't believe that. That is shocking. I mean, he's always for to be. Yeah. And he also, if he ended this announcement about the storm, he's going to say it by the way, if we're Get about the slots. We're going to about the class size. Forget about the bullet train. Forget about the slots. Yeah. How many were they to? They don't lose well. Those people. And the fact is that the public likes him. I still can't forget that. That's what the great mysteries of all time is what a public likes this loser. And it's dysfunctional phony family. The worst. They exactly. I was talking about. One time at a Marlon's game. Back at IOD, I had. I had the season tickets to give me. Like, maybe the first or second season for the Marlon's. I guess the opening season. And my seats were right behind. About five rows behind his. He had the front row boxes. And I was like any orange. Like in a first or second row of the orange seats. And he shows up there with his entourage. With his big fat redneck. I'm not just fun. Where's a guy. It was sitting right next to me. They took up three seats with his ass. And one of his buddies down there was you. You can tell. Yeah. There's that near Roger. And he turns around and looked at me. Yeah. I think this is before he was governor. What have been. Yeah. Yeah. And there he was. Turned around to give me a look that was just killing. I wanted to flip them off. That would have been a bad idea. But I just give him. I just gave him the equal and sour look. Somebody was. We were talking a couple days ago. Somebody was saying that this family. What they're doing to this country. Where this country is going to be by the time Bush leads leaves. We're going to be. The deficit is going to be over 700 billion. And right. And we aren't going to have any friends anywhere in the world. And we will cease to be a power. Yeah. The final. We'll be. Well, we'll be. Now, if you can slot thing over the eight Americans too. So anywhere I go, I'm Canadian. Oh, yeah. You're laughing. But this is the new thing that a lot of Americans said. They actually go out and get like you do a candidate t-shirt or a cat or both. You know, and when they go abroad, especially Europe, they're like a Canadian. How's it going, eh? I'll tell you when you'll lose that perspective from other people. Not to, you know, stereotype, ring. But the minute you get behind a wheel of a car, they'll know you're not. Yeah. That's why I don't drive here. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, brother. Well, there is that star. I can't believe you. Another big one that come in. Yeah. Just never stops. Yeah. I mean, I began tomorrow. We'll see. Yeah. Well, we may not be on the year tomorrow. Yeah. That's what I'm always hoping for. I'm thinking about 10. 15 comes along. A big gust of wind, big hell, and all of a sudden the tower goes down. But they're a track of time. So I checked doing the investigative work that you would expect for me. I checked that my sources are coming. It looks like it may be true about your leader. So if you're trying to get him suspended anymore, you got like a October about three and a half months to do it till the end of the year. All right. I'm mindless. Spanctions. They always get lifted. I'll be careful. I'm not commenting on that story anymore. Well, why am I that? I threw out the first ball and I'm going to. Yeah. Just like your BS about your buddy there. Do it. Always stick all agree with him. Am I basking and I'm left to hold in the sack. Hey, my money. Hey, my buddy. He's your close personal pal. Yeah. I just want to make one comment because I know I'm sure he's listening right now. And that is, you can't talk about other people's ratings unless you have any. Okay. I'm just mentioning that. I know you. I'm just mentioning that. I'm not really a professional. Maybe? He is in particular. But for someone who's probably listening right now because. I have no right. I has no. Do I. When when you look up the number and it says below minimum reporting standards, you know? Regardless of survival. When it has a minus in front of it, it's not a good sign. It's been going to get me by the way, how about those Panthers. Hey, I think there's going to be a little excitement about that this year. Well. And they're going to be pretty good to me. Yeah. so did the press and see the attendance of the three marlin fillies games over the weekend that was so lame and you know what I didn't look to see what it was it was a little over theory on Friday Saturday looked like they had a good crowd I tried to find them play seven and Sunday yesterday was 25 little over 25 that's lame it's been standing alone this is a season of the series of the season and found show and back at pitch right down the last few games uh just nippentuck for the wildcard and uh you get you know some mediocre I mean decent crowds but nothing like you'd expect in the real sports tunnel and now Labor Day is over the other excuses anymore and the harrel today if you want to gag yeah they have a editorial about how they got to make a deal for a stadium and then they talk about this third they could have made a deal when the difference in money was thirty million dollars I'm gonna tell you some of the difference in money was never thirty million dollars they underestimate the cost of that stadium from day one but yeah the harrel well the harrel wants them to build a right across the street just to goose up their property value well they know that can happen anymore I know that but I'm just saying that anything that the harrel is for is uh because it's good for the harrel that's true that then a lot of other things have changed there the personnel have changed but that's the one thing they care about the only the harrel's interest nothing else they suck I can say that there you go don't say I don't I said it and some of my time soon after we're about the harrel sucks you know I agree I was to have a great day I did one days of real game when I got the game oh yeah there's everything but I'm sorry for all games tonight and I'm going to baton down my hatches and stocked up on corn be for some going down baton down the hatches and they get ready to move to nances or something like that okay hey have a good day near okay stay dry I don't want to say it went to a sectoral line but he said it's Caroline measly and then he said something about well that's all yeah I stay in shape don't get sick much so when are we going to the game we I'm taking back you call this time for the more about vista call 1 8884149233 or go to marlinzvista.com the marlin stickets are going fast so go to marlinzvista.com today individual plans from visit healthps south for a high exclusions limitations in terms medical underwriting required $87 based on now age 18 on ift 30 summers officially here and so there's scorching hot south Florida temperatures is your thrott's fashion hey everybody I'm brown and brown accountable for everybody brown and brown as a human being on the biggest of point then but I got a brown nose and I know they're fine kid there was no room to get them saved they don't vote for public in an anyway I did everything I possibly can to show myself home all the to the plan oh what a job I have there's a vector of fever when I'm a sport and I know we do the steamer and the glue is some of a bitch a chute hit stick brown nose and the bridge get to get brown nose and the bridge two all leans is wiped out and gone with double use and I didn't want to act of a job and it's your face off to be a crowning and another white pastie Christian falling the national god is down down with all this just to get the press out of town everybody go home there's nothing to see everything here is fake pain over hurricane gave us a big easy for geoconsumcial and to be a reminder giant republicans wanky for geoconsumcial our warning game brave geoconsumcial our lord and game battle bring compassion what we have that in terms of right to add this class and you descend to say it's a national disgrace that you have not been black in the first place this is no time to play the main game since we know that very things are caused by a game school or not of right to a home like study with landland and carols go nowhere achieving their priorities right wing green to take everybody white like me and then they're going to make some of a big hit get to the ground who's in the bridge for how are they spending not you're bathing in horses I'd rather you than than watch floating horses on the negligent down you know keep going down keep my nose brown on the negligent birder down but I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown I'll be damn that forgot though when I was going to talk to hank about was that when you're going to have to both remind me tomorrow about Chris shankled by it was 82 the voice of the New York giants all right all right at that long time ABC sportscaster he did everything from the Olympics to bowling died after a long battle with emphysema Chris shaker shankle he called gymnast nanny of comedies is perfect ten if he 76 long to submit for y'all was in the booth for the 58 and 12 championship game between the course of the giants and he once said on a giant's broadcast which has show with my own four eyes he said he picked him out of his jack strap and then there was a long pause and he said he picked him out of his shoes I was live TV and if somehow I do in the second one you'd forget that he said the first one but too late also done condiment former a pirate slaughter daddy was 70 some sports deaths well I gotta put that in my pile for tomorrow because I'm sure that hankle won't talk about Chris shankle or maybe not ten 14 already we got to read it coming I'll give you the advice we on read it all and we also forget what it gets said to be about 20 to 11 there'll be a new advisory and read and I'm not gonna put myself in a position like that with Katrina of like soft pedalling this baby because uh Troy strap her came in and bitched me out after and all I was doing was just passing along the information that we were getting from the national hurricane center all the other partners but I'm not gonna just give you whatever we got you know and you would you draw your own conclusions in other words if you want to panic please do as we learned in last couple of weeks uh better be safe than sorry right all the old cliches when a doubt trot off the hurricane shutters all that stuff 10 15 at 5 60 WQM developers this listings oh my god You are my God who gave into the world Shered to keep the response He says, be mercy David while he's live on the table Yes not! Evet! I'm actually that weather's very easy. I'll have preventative right now, which is it? Are you kidding? I want to do it. I get to the real thing. Hey Brian, you're fair. Twenty after ten at five sixty WCM. So before we get into the yesterdays the weekend's poor result. You realize we had almost 3,000 votes on the poll of twenty eighty sixty two. Shocking is what it is. Shocking and maybe one of the reasons we're starting to get a lot more votes on the poll is the fact that we put the poll where people can see it. At the top of our website is opposed to way down there on the bottom where Eric had put it all the time. Nice going, Eric. Go have a few sandwiches. Go get a few with those breakfast burritos, Eric. They're good for you. Get your blanched up about 700. So here's the latest on the hurricane situation. Well, it's not hurricane yet. But read a strengthens. You vacuations ordered or planned in San Florida. This is from the here. So consider that residents ordered to leave Key West and the Florida Keys this morning. It signs that tropical storm Rita could strengthen it. Major hurricane is that approaches the region. Oh my God. The National Hurricane Center is telling us there is somewhere. That Rita might reach category three status as it approaches the key. Said our reentoner Monroe County's emergency management director. Our policy is to call for a general evacuation. There is that might be prone to category three impacts. He said the Monroe County shelter. If I use main campus along with South East, along Southwest, eighth street and They'd County will open early this afternoon. Officials in date and Broward were expected to announce partial evacuations later today. Schools who are up in both counties will be closed and Broward tomorrow. That the Harold says that in one sentence and then later on it says, Broward schools are expected to close tomorrow. There you go. Yeah, so it all depends on if you'd rather have the pain in the air. You know, it's just if you don't like your kids just in the school. Right. If you wagon them, they have just keep them home and then George can sleep in tomorrow. Four castors emphasized that Rita showed no sight of inflicting the topic of catastrophe delivered last month by Katrina New Orleans and the adult coast will thank God for that. But, but I look at the pattern here. First New Orleans and now Key West. You see that? I wonder if it has a gate. Yeah, we're telling them. Sure the Pat Robertson will find out. It does. Four castors said South Florida's weather will begin to deteriorate this afternoon. We mean grow progressively worse throughout the night into tomorrow as Rita intensifies into her Canemoo's closer to the region. Oh my God. I'm always independent but I'd be prepared this time. Okay. I'm not going to open it. I leave myself open for Troy Stratford coming in and open up a big, ball-headed mouth and saying, Were you ever done a full people list? Yeah. Go sell something, try it out of my face. You loser. Residents of Dayton Barrow were advised to be being prepared immediately Immediately for gusts that approach hurricane strength of 74 miles an hour from to five inches of rain and for five foot storm tides as far north as Miami Beach, with up to three feet as storm tides through the rest of coastal date and grow. Sustain winds could exceed tropical storms strength of 39 miles an hour as early as tomorrow morning in metropolitan Dayton Broward. Forecast is said downing trees causing power out of just similar to those experienced fewer than four weeks ago when Katrina swept through South Florida. When some of us underestimated because they've passed the forecast to get us blue at big time, no were full of cramp. The situation will be worse in the keys which will experience to stay in Hurricane Forest winds and eight foot storm surge and up to 15 inches of rain. 15 inches of rain. Residents ordered out of the lower keys including key-west this morning and amended to a evacuation of tourists to extend throughout the keys. Schools are closed in the island, shelters for residents will open a noon in Marathon and Alamurada. Residents to the keys were urged to install their hurricane shutters now. Not later now and secure loose objects experts recommend that residents of Dayton Broward prepare for similar action. Next may feel that dottering old fool at the National Hurricane Center says I'm ready to have mine put up with the track shifts. My shutters are already out and sitting by the windows. While I sure hope that you get to it right away, Max. Other than big gust of wind will come along and blow all them shutters away and it could be like flying objects like projectiles. You know what? Give me kills some people as somebody we know would say. Four castes already also warded the possibility of tornado. So great not be an area on. Four castes also warded the possibility of tornado throughout the region beginning to night and persisting through the Marnite. They'd count a mayor Carlos Alvarez and he's expected to announce later today evacuations of county trailer parks and a voluntary evacuation of zone A along with county's coastline. evacuees will be urged to stay with family or friends who live in London. There is no reason to be alarmed but this term should be taken seriously. Alvarez said I think we learned some experiences from Katrina which hits our Florida's account one hurricane but surprised many people with its power. Please stay informed the mayor urges because the one thing we did learn is that you can't predict with total precision exactly where the storms will go. Here's residence to pay attention to storms and tear a cone of probability matches to center line. Watch out for that cone. Okay. Okay. Get a cone. Get a cone. Mighty cone. All of these things. And of course your buddy. Yeah. Oh, that's our. Oh, his last name's cone. Okay. Okay. The name advisory there be a new one name about 20 minutes. Read it and release central Bahamas. Hurricane warning remains an effect for all the Florida keys from ocean reef to the dry for attivis including Florida Bay. A hurricane warning is an effect for the exumas and for Andrew asylum the Bahamas. A travel storm warning effect for the Turks and Kaco silence and all the remainder of the Bahamas. A travel storm warning and hurricane watch remain an effect from dear field beach. We sit again a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch. Remain an effect from dear field beach. The tropical storm warning will likely be extended northward along both coast to south Florida. Late this morning. Any deviation to the north and the track of rate of could require an extension they hurricane warning northward along these southeast coast to Florida. Late this morning. A travel storm watch remains an effect from west of East Cape Saible to Chaka. Chaka laski. What the hell is that? You choke. Chokala. Choco laski. Florida. I never heard that. Did you? No. Chokala. That's what Chris Shankels did. A hurricane watch remains an effect from the provinces of Via Clara Matanzas. See you today. La Habana. And Pena del Rio. A travel storm watch remains an effect for the provinces of Sigo de Avela. Is that Avela? Remember Bobby Avela played shortstop for the Cleveland Indian 54. One of Badding Championship. Sancti Spiritus and CNF. At eight o'clock this morning. Center of travel storm. It was located near Leira to 22.8 north. Longitude 74. Portsis. West is southeast along Island. The Bahamas. That's about 235 miles southeast of Nasa. About 460 miles east southeast of Key West. We just moving toward the west near nine miles an hour. And a motion just a little north of Du West expected over the next 24 hours. A little north of Du West. Uh-oh. Maximum sustained winds are near 60 miles an hour with the higher gust of Digital Stractonings expected. We could become a hurricane the next 24 hours. Proprocessor on force winds extend outward up to 115 miles from the center. The latest minimum central pressure by the reconnaissance aircraft report 997 milibar 29.44 inches expected to produce total rainfall accumulation of 46 inches over these south eastern and central Bahamas. Possibly isolated maximum amounts of avances storm hurdles of 60 Ten inches with isolated maximum amounts of 50 inches possible in the Keys and northwestern Cuba. God has pissed off it for now. I'll tell you that with three to five inches possible across these southern Florida, Penisola. Storm surge flooding of six to eight feet above normal low tide levels along with large and dangerous battering waves are possible in the Florida Keys area is a vansure flow. Coastal storm surge flooding of three to five feet possible on the eastern south eastern Florida coast and northwestern Bahamas. We got a new advisor coming out at 11 which usually it's about 20 over a quarter of and it will be right on top of it. This is the real rush. This is five sixty-nine hundred. The Olessners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4 p.m. Market down. Tonight we are at country of Waken Padejard. And called to the same freedom. Called to the same freedom. Why does it go so well? There we were now finding that way. Why does the investigation address your conduct all of a thing leads to war? Don't they know if they end of the world? Called to the same freedom. This nation is opposed to war. Everybody listen to the dice. They're all taken away. They're all in the sky. They do the stars. They're all in the sky. They're all in the sky. They know if they end of the world. They're all in the sky. They're all in the sky. They're all in the sky. They're all in the sky. They're all in the sky. I'm a soldier. I can't stand. I don't do much of this well when I'm touched it I don't do much of this well when I'm touched it I don't do much of this well when I'm touched it Why are you just my heart for being alive? Help the two thumbs down! No stop now who's been outiggling But put on your belt! Bring it down! Pick it up! You carried it down! I have never seen this sign in my BOSTeszte... 10 35 twenty-five before ghetto woman. Heresical is still no One word best describes George W. Bush 20 and 172 votes and I put the new one on an eight o'clock this morning So we could have gone like our close to 3000 not the record, but I would say second biggest when you okay Let me turn to W. Bush. He ain't no Howard Stern But anyway, what one word best describes your president? Dangerous 552 more on 262 m o r o n I'm qualified that's on qualified 260 a hole 254 that was my vote a well leader Now keep in mind 150 of the votes for leader came in all of once looking at huge chunk Remember that on fire either so it was like getting free there We'll quick and then as soon as I mentioned on the other there we re-infried all of a sudden it stopped So leader 228 will you consider the subtract 150 from that get the real number? But whatever if it makes you feel better failure 190 Dumbishment 150 liar 107 bozo 92 min compoop 72 evil doer 72 anti-Christ 55 fascist She's the 51 rhymes with buttista. I just like saying that murder or 48 schmuck 43 brilliant 43 He's sure it is you see a lot of those brilliant people just wants to hide it. He's a shining stop. You don't want show off dedicated 41 In bacillic 39 Pippocrite 31 puts and fool both have but The 28 dumbbell 27 butcher 24 power 23 quizlings spelled badly 22 honorable and steadfast 22 appease Reckless 14 fairy you fair 11 wore mongertin and fear monger eight wow Make a long story short. They don't like this president. That's our crowd and they're rightfully so anyway I did a little research on that great read business and I don't know whether it's worth talking about or not But he signed on February the 12 2002 here's a story from the Beesley broadcast group B. Me G. I website That on February 12 2002 they announced a great read vice president in general Mangler at the company's power 96 in QM stations in Miami signed a five year extension to his contract with the company Yadiyani Yadiyani we couldn't be more pleased to offer Greg and extension to his contract and we're delighted to be accepted Greg was displayed impressive radio acumen throughout his ears in the industry few know the man Miami market as well as Greg is evidenced by the consistently impressive suits he wears are the Consistently impressive performances a QM and power 96 over the years when we looked to his leadership and make these stations even more successful That must have been before the Howard's during the buckle and they've got for all the buckle and they know how it David or don't know I'll end this in I don't think so though, but anyway, so that would make his contract run through 2007 And if he's leaving at the end of December that they're I don't know but my sources tell me He's out he's on the way can't handle it no more Plus he wants to leave before we totally lose our license altogether So that's what the people I can't do they mess everything all up and they leave they like a little kid You know from next door comes in the house and like makes a mess all over your floor and then the runs back home What would you have to do? Huh? What would you do? Well I don't know yet here's a classy story man your fat ass governor who is just on there How can I try to come up the hurricane read of this and read of that the youngest son of Florida governor That's fat ass Florida governor J. Bush was arrested early Friday in charge with public intoxication He's just in your restaurant for some of the official said and here's a picture of John Ellis Bush 21 with a real shmitty and look on his face John Ellis Bush 21 was arrested by agents the Texas alcoholic beverage commission at 2 30 in the morning on a corner of Austin's Sixth Street bar district said commission spokesman Roger Wade the nephew of president Bush was released on $2500 bond for the resisting arrest charge and on a personal Mcognis on his bond for the public intoxication charge Wade said he had no for the details about the charges governor Bush and his wife Colombo That's the smuggling bitch Colombo paired Friday evening at a museum reception in Miami My son's doing fine. It's a private matter real supporting. We're stand for him But I'm not gonna discuss it on the public square with 30 cameras The fat ass governor told reporters what about your daughter there? How about the last and the first no well huh? How about the dysfunctional family and how about George Joe? What's the what's the kid's name junior George P George P? That's the doing wheelies in the parking lot of his former girlfriend the piece they are on private This John that just got busted was neither one. It was like doing his banging his girlfriend in a parking lot He gets a one. Hey, it's a private matter. It says it's not the first time for this first family's experience legal problems with the one of their children No-el Bush the governor's daughter was arrested in January 2002 and accused of trying to pass a fraudulent prescription to pharmacy to obtain the anti-insighted drug Xanx She completely drug we have program in August 2003 and enjoy dismissed the drug charges against her This is the same pious warning She wants to have Related faith based this is Charles schools faith based jails and courses all family ought to be in those faith based heels been nevertheless Oh, and what did I tell you all the goodly two shoe then of course a gambling is evil and whatever we have to do this a birthday Evil one arm bandits or slot machines will do it and all the Southern will crap and his family to biggest parts of course That ever came down to pipe not to mention of course is Nazi grandpa Is new This and it's not the brother Really, there goes that vote. Oh, yeah, well, is that the end of the breaker not yeah, but it is now Okay, and I drew my husband and I are alike in so many ways except of course in the bathroom I'm in an out in a flash, but Bill I got a little burn burner going here. I like a nice hard seat, but my husband wants something he can really dig into We tried cushions pillows even toilet paper nests, but nothing worked then we discovered the seat number So the seat number toilet is the first ever customizable commode by adjusting the resistance level to your exact personal reference You'll experience a whole new level of 10 comfort. I'm a number 24. I'm a number 71 for number two You can change your seat number any time you want after our vacation in Mexico I had to bump it up to 175 you will feel the difference in just five movements 15 is more comfortable than my recliner now I never want to get off the pie. There's a reason why they call it bus Was sent number to I'm it you'll never fool who bathroom comfort again Okay, just a check in any minute now the 11 o'clock is gonna come over on Rita I just mentioned that in passing I don't want you to get all panicking everything But I go out there and get like at least six hundred gallons of water and viscuine and duct tape I would take the duct tape to a channel forward and put it all around Brian or crosses mouth Here's our full today. What's famous living or dead person you would admire most so far I'll just read you what we got so far. Okay, I'll ever got some facts as let's see somebody says take a horror All right, I want to put that on there sure here go to us. I'll spell like that. Yeah, let's go. How do you want if you want to get a race? Spill it right here's one that says for your pool. I've thought about it But nobody famous has my admiration see that's that's stupid For all that dinner alive, okay all true history nobody whoever sent this and obviously no name And I can see why just admired admire people, you know personally I still admire the girl I said next door next to it school well yati, Adi neck rate It says but Cindy she and everyone else has heard of Go Cindy I don't know what that means Put her on there. I'll be if we want to put on the list. We go she and she and right right Let's get all Cindy on there even though this is our post a fact here. I don't know my anybody Yeah What famous looking good perfume our most built Clinton 70 he's finally He's finally got it on track fact I got that story about he's ripping bush and ass My school and it's about time better late than ever although it had been a better earlier She had ridden 72 votes. We got already built Clinton 70 Albert Einstein 38 Whenever I think Albert Einstein I think a George W. Bush and the same breath don't you all the time Jesus Christ 37 He's right in Albert's ass FDR 35 Thomas in 33 Say goodbye goodbye Ben Franklin 32 I guess nobody knows what that means unless they ever saw that cry I just and he had they'd like that big as it's time with all those That are men's inventions he made too bad he couldn't have met at the hearing aid The he ear horned right he had the old ear horn and the horn and the horn and the wife would shout it Say goodbye Good bye You know, he's a little seen up kind of like Reagan Ben Franklin 32 JFK 27 Ronnie Ray gun 23 Abe Lincoln 23 both Republicans Michael more 19 George W. Bush 13 Mother Teresa 11 that Bitch Tom Payney Elvis six Cindy she and in Chicago are we just put on funeral said how could you call mother Teresa Bitch easy easy spreading ignorance and fear and stupidity all around the world and raising money for Convent which is what she was doing people pot she was feeding poor people with right now just build a more confidence right And spreading the signature ignorance that the Pope's do and this new Nazi Pope we got there He's really scary. I look at him and I just see the same he's got the B. D. Shifty eyes real dangerous And he and he walks with that same kind like he's goose stepping doesn't walk he goose steps That's anyway. Some sure we'll have a few Editions to those we get a lot of great calls on here the lineup today We got Moe to we got Mad Dog at four hurricane hotline and the beast 7 to 10 from Bernie coast our steak house and south Miami hey Bernie how those panthers coming and it can't put in a 10 That's our war breeding lineup. We got no ball game today Marlins at the metstom our after a disastrous fire and if I leave pull what I yesterday But they saved too many runs for just one game I guess pretty much not good and not good Attendancy the U people are so funny man in front of you in the 86 and half dollar bill really bad Are you shocked at the wall as empty seats? I told me though you did you told me you need some on I know these people No, when you went out and got drunk Well, that's that what why don't you Q and M Doing okay, paly One And All right Jimmy hand ricks and Teddy Rose of all this matter fact I always think of those two in the same breath They party together sure. Probably the same person. WQ a M hello Q a M Hello Yeah, who's this we're calling I'm calling you wrong number WQ a M hello Hi, you know this one and add one to fall if I could yes sir John Adam John Adams there you go These people even though the John Adams was the second president of the United States and the father of our six President John Quincy Adams You're always driving everything in the exact same thing the no one will know who he is There you go well what you expect Yeah, thank you sir. They wouldn't know John Adams from ED Adams okay, and have a great day Remember ED Adams why not come up and see me sometime. I remember boy. She's pretty good about Didn't she turn into a real slut? I'm trying to find this hercane advisory on this tropical storm advisory on reading you talking about slots. Okay figures Well, let's see here we go hurricane Read that proper star weight advisory number This is bad this is a no-o website this really sucks. This is where I usually find oh here it is It's still the 8 a.m. though now how the house that possible Simon's before level of clock We always have these on here before now. We'll have it at 11 o'clock when you're good ready Like you're out there on your way to public and win dixie buying up all the water and emptying the shells from all the Stuff former US president Bill Clinton our hero sharply criticizing George W Bush for the Iraq war and the handling of hurricane Katrina and voiced alarm at this rally US budget deficit he said oh my god breaking with tradition under which US president's mute criticism to the Success as Clinton said the Bush administration is decided to Had decided to invade Iraq virtually alone and before you went and discussions were completed with no real urgency No evidence that there were weapons of mass destruction the Iraq war that voted US attention from the war and terrorism and undermines the support that we might have had Borsan interview with the Nassilis says vorsid. That's not right. This is a where this from AFP with all the Z Atotania who both L is AFP well whatever it is it's wrong Clinton said not Bush you morons and interview with ABCs this week program Clinton said there been a heroic but so far unsuccessful effort to put together in the Constitution That would be universally supported in our rack there people died every day there's a blood bath its chaos It's almost like New Orleans the US strategy of trying to develop the Iraqi military and police so they can cope with you out without US support. I think is the best strategy the problem is we may not have in the short run enough truth to do that On Katrina Clinton followed the 30 state of New Orleans out of the storm struck on August 29 people with cars We're able to heed the evacuation order, but many of those who were poor disabled or elderly were left behind If we really wanted to do it right we would have had lots of buses lined up take them out Clinton said is that what I said That's what you said all those city buses and school buses is not exactly what I said even though I never have any solutions for any problems I do is complaining criticize and I never have any solutions but it sounds to me like I said that Absolutely Clinton agreed that some responsibility for this lay with the local and state authorities that pointed the thing without naming him at the former director of FEMA that could be brownie could it the old brownie how'd Mickey Brown FEMA brought a microwave. We know that when James Lee Witt ran FEMA because he had been both a local official and a federal officially Was always there early and we always thought about that Clinton said referring to FEMA's head during his presidency Both of us came out of environments with a disproportion number of poor people on the US bug you couldn't warn that the federal deficit Maybe coming untenable unacceptable is what it is it's insane They're just like they're printing money like water like paper like black paper Threatened by foreign wars the poster came recovery program and tax cuts that benefit just the richest one percent of the population Included himself he always says that about my tax cut, you know, right that he doesn't need to admit it They need to do it by the way What Americans need to understand is that every single day of the year our government goes into the market and borrow his money from other countries to finance a rack Afghanistan between our tax cuts. You said we've never done this before Never in the history of our Republican we ever financed a conflict military conflict by borrowing money from somewhere else Clinton added we defend on Japan China the UK Saudi Arabian career primarily to basically Loan us every we are there the year to cover my tax cut in these conflicts in between a I don't think in this any sense It's usual he Wish that hand he could hang an hour that old boy Nothing worse than an old person Bill Clinton 79 votes easily in the way man. He's even got Jesus beat Jesus Christ Clinton 78 Jesus 41 Einstein 40 after the R39 Ben Franklin 38 Edison 33 goodbye JFK 28 able a 24 Ronnie Ray gun 23 Michael more 21 love it today. So 13 she was lovely Yes George W. Bush 13 Thomas 10 8 Elvis 7 Cindy she in the words that she hand rhymes with bill free hand Who take of our two Teddy Roosevelt one and none yet for John Adams and Jimmy Hendrix All guarantee a four to 11 votes Jimmy Hendrix will get more votes in John Adams. I'll bet you were like fun When you think no They don't they have no idea who John Adams was they couldn't they couldn't take it they wouldn't know Thomas Jefferson from Jefferson's Department Store Western peace how is it possible it's called crappy education It's called stupidity it's called mass idiocy You can't complain about the education in America for the most part there isn't any that's why now the leading scientist and Biochemists all the brilliant people from out of rest of the world are coming from everywhere from Japan and China You name it Sweden needle on Even Italy even those Guitos over there but not American no more because we're too busy watching the the Emmy Awards in American Idol and craft swirl and worrying about peace celebrity is like Ellen D. Genre's garbage Pukon two legs man that's what America gets excited about that's a kind of garbage They keep feeding us his Pukon two legs give her Pukon two legs. Yep, it all all forced to I heard Josh did a lot of this war Not this weekend what was the incident? This is just another one of those a while weekends. It was there something specific that triggered this There was that well it's just another one of those weekends, but it happened to be a birthday So we took it up to the next one. Well that's always gonna skewed Possibly go out and make a plaster and peep their guts out. Okay, and then they come in totally into a hair and start asking for a raise Which by the way of clearance you better give this man a raise or you're gonna have to answer to me Okay, this is the new Roger show Well I started losing my hair I lost my confidence to I tried okay, but it didn't do a thing for me When Rogan doesn't work time again So Rogan is scientifically proven to grow you a full-fake helmet of hair just like mull from the priest It's after using mogen for just three weeks my hair grew in as thick as mose more of what he I got my confidence back to now and more assert it Hey, shut up your lame brain. I was talking. What did you say? I said can it's not going to You want to what oh Why guy, I see this Oh Mobile especially for me Do it to do it to do it to it to it to know to it 560 w q a I'm happy Monday 2 is September 19 and here we go here's the 11 o clock advisory We have a two we're sitting on the edge of your seat sort of read is strengthening over to Bahamas And 11 o clock this morning a hurricane warning is issued for the extreme Southern Florida Peninsula from Golden Beach Southward to Florida City and Westwood to East Cape Sable golden beach Hurricane warning remains in effect for all of Florida keys motion reef to the drive to her tubis including Florida Bay Her king warnings in effect for the exumus in friend Rosalina Northwest Bahamas a proper storm warning is an effect for the Turks and Kicos and All the remainder of the Bahamas a hurricane warnings in effect for the Cuban provinces of via Clara and Montanzas Her king watch remains in effect for the provinces of Ciudad like Habana, La Habana and Pena del Rio The travel storm watch remains in effect for the provinces of C. Goday Abala Santa spirit to us and see and play those Santa spirit to us and Levitocca this morning a travel storm warning in hurricane watch are now in effect from dear field beach Southward to north of Golden Beach a tropical storm warning in hurricane watch at Levitocca a travel storm warning is issued along the Florida east coast of North of dear field beach northward to Jupiter in Let at 11 a.m. hurricane watch is issued for the extreme South Western Florida Peninsula from West to East Cape Sable northward to Chaka laski What? 11 o'clock a travel storm action issued for the Southwest Florida coast from north of Chaka laski to Angle wood 11 o'clock the center travel storm rate was near led to 23.0 north Logitune 75.2 west about 195 miles southeast of Nasa and about 430 miles east southeast of Key West Readies moving toward the west northwest at near 12 miles an hour and this motion is expected to continue during the next 24 hours maximum sustained winds are near 65 miles an hour with higher gusts Some strengthening is forecast during the next 24 hours and we could become a category one hurricane tonight Comfortable force storm force winds extend outward of 145 miles an hour The estimated minimum central pressure is 9.94 milla hours 29.35 inches Readies expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 46 inches over southeast during and central bombers with possible isolated maximum amounts of eight inches Storm travels is six to 10 inches with isolated maximum amounts of 15 inches will be possible in the Florida Keys and North West during Cuba 3 to 5 inches possible across the 7 for Florida, Penisola storm surge setting is flooding Sudging of 6 to 9 feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous battery waves are possible in the Florida Keys In areas of onshore flow coastal storm surge flooding 3 to 5 feet possible on the esteem southeast of Florida coast and in the northwestern Bahamas and intermediate advisory of Asia by the National Hurricane Center Red 2 Followed by the next completed advisory of 5 in the PN so I guess it about 145 with me hopefully find that Because if not I'm sure that they QM news department will be run on run on time. That's right Make no mistake about it. We couldn't give you all this information without the tremendous self of the QM news department There you go breaking news from ballgame news are here's a your buddy channel 14 different Every Mars we look at them all the time to see whether one takes it into south-dead the rest right over key west And even one way to the south of there and that's gonna be bad enough as a category two No, we're scoring 103 100 knots at a hundred you look at the same miles per hour and the I just hope that it takes to make landfall very close to Galveston on Saturday morning But there's a God actually right say one this is gonna be a war storm one where the other look at all of the other One way to say We'll be some Fight it first Taking it at a big part must be some fake it's got this by the first That must be it must be a thing key West and all the ins man God must be really whipped up into a frenzy That's what all those right wingers are gonna say all then good religious folks who hate everybody 56705 60 let's get a thousand names on this poll today so we can get 75,000 votes and then what will that prove not must But it'll be fun. Now. We're not here to prove anything just to kill four hours every day But it sure would be a lot of fun and we'd say hey look what we did Friday We got a trend coming up. That's what does said Duffa was at the doctor this morning doctor looked at took one looks at I think you've got something bad in your ear They'll call that here in your ear is what he said they also said you're fairy WQAM hello if I don't press the button I could just say here keep saying hello QAM Yes, sir. Hey this thing is bigger than both of us Yeah, okay. Somebody to QAM hello. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you if you go to whether underground.com Yes, and you go to the Computer model forecast those computer models in I've been following those computer models for about three years now They're very accurate you came in UK MET the most accurate Yeah, it shows the track going far south of us although we'll probably get some residual But of course this is great because now we can panic everybody and everybody out and everybody's a Walmart and they're buying their stuff Good for these kind of a man's very good Oh, yeah, I'm not that nasty. Hey, thanks again my buddy reminded me thanks again for those old gas prices Thank you sir for our Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices see people think twice about wasting a lot of gas I'll you probably should go and fill up because you never know what's gonna happen No, he's right and all of a sudden for the first time this Chad Myers ever shows these all the 14 different computer models And there's an any of there's only one that showed it hit in South day and we're talking about the extreme South day And a lesson, but that doesn't mean that you're not gonna get some residual stuff man But you notice how this advisor we didn't go on and out about how bugged it to be a cat tree and about those Guston the winds and knocking down this and I didn't say that I think basically what they ought to do is issue an advisory area Or you just say oh, we don't know just watch out yeah watch out how done the bed Because they don't know here's one that says Thomas Jefferson well it's about time somebody put him on there Even though he had those slaves he was banging the maids, but that's okay What's the point of having slaves around if you're not gonna do something with him right? I always for something sure Thomas Jefferson the father of our Constitution in the fed or a party animal We'd like to get laid in any color says somebody dvlv Okay, Thomas Jefferson you go We got a great American what about William Henry Harrison he was the president for about five minutes till he got an important die what else did he do? That's a good question. He died. Yeah, I nine W Q a M. Hello. Oh good meal Yes, sir You almost had it there the correct pronunciation is chocolate Oh yeah, I figure's yeah, yeah, so the Yahoo way to say you don't live there. I hope No, I'm a little bit north of there, but I'm too close to Joyce. Oh God don't you joist Thanks a lot, Pally keep stroking it. Thanks. Okay, Chuck. Oh, he took out Chuck a lot He had fingers you would pronounce it that way didn't have any use and it's chocolate whiskey. That's the way Yahoo's been pronounce it You because it's the Yahoo state. It's a real red neck. That's why they love that fat ass cover There's the emotion was on there before going but he beat the loop and then said I don't want to talk about my Drunken son and my dysfunctional family and my wife who were shop lifts and the best speaks things into customs I don't want to talk about that stuff and my last no well right. It's private. That's right Isn't that something if it was anybody else he'd be pointing the first thing or you if was some Democrat you know if was Ted Kennedy's Offspring or something you see that there are much there are much in degenerates If we're somebody like William Kennedy Smith again, they're raping a whole bunch of bras he probably be screaming about that But oh no not a bush family But you Went drugs are hypocrites funny finger pointers man. You you just look at him and his brother You just look at them that that's all you need to know you don't need to anymore That's it you need to hear them speak anything just look at them and that answers all your questions Whatever you need to know about the bush family look at them and look at mama look at bags Oh look how much better off those poor black people are now there's so much better off They were all living in poverty and squalor So many Q a m hello Q a m hello Hello, yes, sir Neil this is Neil Neil what the chemical for both camper on this TV It's often so yesterday and he doesn't call from a guy named Howard just a done Kim that does nice little work on his face Great I got one for the vote Timothy Larry Timothy Larry there you go, okay Sit right in it with Josh as we can perfect. I hope they get was that good. No, I'll he's working on it I'm sure you got the contacts you can get him in tire with 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless lines What thing was living with that first you admire the most they still can't get over that one guy I always did put Cindy she in on it reluctantly, you know I have to be reluctant about it. I admire her a lot. She's got the big ones baby and she's also got two votes not She's got a pair like I just said come in Q a m hello Yeah, more you know good morning. Yeah, I'd like to add a name your poll. Yes Jimmy Carter Jimmy Carter there you go. I'll be honest with you Jimmy Carter. He admire Jimmy was a van president We had a malaise in our country was a bad leader. We also had high sky high gas prices back then Although not name we're near like what we got now, but nevertheless But yeah, he started this thing about the voter ID would James Baker the turret Remember I had that story on Friday and I see this little update on it now and they say it's oh, yeah It's gonna happen voter ID which is like a pull tax and If all the people to be all the people to be involved in voter reform James Baker the turret who came to Florida It was involved in stealing the election for the bush family and then went off to Saudi Arabia Represent the families of the 911 hijackers See then I just as much as I love Clinton and I like Carter for the humanitarian stuff that he's done Nevertheless why do they have to be involved with these gangsters with these crooks with these dollars? What is it? Must have something to do with the trial animal commission and the illuminati that's where they build their burgers when you think The British burgers Ever have any of those no, I wonder if they're like related to spotted Absolutely dogs 11 13 at five 60 WQA in for years I've been telling you about drug concepts the best corporate cleaning company around but also Modern Miranda the drug concept concepts can save you hundreds even thousand dollars by doing other things for you drug concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning a poster leather furniture restoration Matt risk cleaning or yet a work cleaning pet order treatments and water damage to drug concepts can also clean and restore your talent Quickly and efficiently rock concepts professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented and During this month there is September We should take advantage of their summer sizzler number two package and water damage special Thrive concepts whatever it is from corporate pain the talent ground cleaning the only place to call I've used him for over 20 years to the best They never get a rip your off never play any games they give you a written guaranteed price on any work up front before they start the job And they brought in upon beaches column tool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 around the wicked web It's dry concepts dot com This is new Rogers This is 516 Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news jack decides to go skiing with his buddy Bob They load up jack station wagon and head north after driving a few hours They get caught in a terrible blizzard They pull into a nearby farmhouse and ask the attractive lady of the house if they can spend the night Well, I'm recently widow she explains and I'm afraid the neighbors would talk if I let you stay in The house not to worry jack says we'll be happy to sleep on the blind Well nine months later jack at the letter from the widows attorney He calls his friend Bob and says do you remember that good looking widow with the farm we stay at well Yes, I do well. Did you happen to get up in the middle of the night go into the house and make love to her? Yes, I have to admit I did Well, did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name Bob Space turns red any says Yes, the Lafrey did to which jack says well thanks a lot pal jack says she just died and left me your farm Harvey Good day. It's 1118. It finds 60 WQM here's a fact that says Greg gives many martesans on showing gets a contract extension Meaning back in 2000 or whatever once that should be the worst thing you did to last four or five years Okay, we only wish all of us a QM only wish they're giving lady martesans on show was the worst mistake the worst Judgment the worst error the worst the unacceptable act Anyways, it's the friend now. See you probably would say we don't want to put him on there, but I I see what this point is Oh, I agree first I admire most is Carl Roe He was able to sell 51% of country that John Kerry was a coward George Bush's a war hero that takes talent You got a good point there. He's not gonna see discussing his devious He's a hard to look at but Carl Roe You're rolling me in the neighborhood put him on what is an evil genius. He's an evil de Virginia's I'll speak in a city she-hand Cindy she and brother anti war message to a book and church last night earning thunderous applause Well, urging her supporters to help press Congress to end a war in Iraq We're just doing what we believe is right you told 400 people at Lafayette Avenue Presbyter in church in Fort Green the latest stuff on the national bring them home now to her little company with a massive protest and Washington Saturday through next Monday We just get up in the morning to do everything we can to try to stop as you illegal and a more occupation of Iraq She added let me tell you it's not easy, but you know what it's worth it. It's worth it Says but you know what it's worth it. I see it's supposed to be a commoner who now wrote this news day you suck She in a Vic of Haccaville, California. Well, if that's their Chuck Aluski game the international fame when she camped outside President Bush's ranch in proper Texas Demanding that he meet her his second time concerning the death of her son Specialist Casey she and it was collection in soccer city Iraq April 4 2004 today She's got two more scheduled stops in the city Including a morning news conference voting the Washington protests and an APM of benefit could think of church as Saint John the Divine in Harlem The cathedral church is Saint John Andy divine or that thing divine or is that just Divine a Mungley she and some protest Lafayette Avenue was filled on a huge the former talk show host I'm here to see in here Cindy she and who just when we were gone to give up has proven that the scent continues in America done He said before she arrived you go feel nice job on MSNBC by the way you know where to cause me There is no democracy without the sentence Cindy she and his kept that flame alive Vicky were here 61 are right from the low-rely side sold anti war buttons including most stating Cindy she in for president and stop this stupid war Before she and made it into the church and event like this is gonna strengthen us and give us more resolve Revere said I wonder if she was screaming the British are coming early red Brian park is that named after Anita or a Brian Gumball About 50 people gathered are rally spots in my family's united for our troops in their mission Oh families united anytime you hear that you know it's a bunch of a right wing lunatics right army veteran Here we call two some rings call Lance Corporal Alois calls down to save his only enemy for our last Remember to wrap with among the speakers that group was four last month the counter-protest she ends in camp at in Texas And the timing which rally was not entirely coincidental said bill noble a group spokesman I wonder if he's kind of same chip noble deterred These families are not pro-war they lost their children fighting the war noble said but they're absolutely supportive of the war in Iraq because they believe Is there something to believe that it's making the country safer? Well if they believe it's making the country safer then I got a lot of laying in the Everglades to say yes and a Brooklyn bridge It's said we're in so on which any my stroll how do you like that yeah don't forget chatting my show on the Brooklyn bridge It gulps clean park one of these days and an unfinished track near you That was incredible what Hank was telling me although as so many things I forgot to tell Hank including most important of all It was none of us thought about I'm Friday because we were all swept up in the euphoria of Greg leave me I mean the seven of the rumors how is it that the beast just happened to find that? Ah, hello, maybe he has a subscription to that publication. Yeah, my ass he would know and the street from queer street They did not hear who go to Greg read every morning where they yeah Everybody's up. He knows the snoop around for things and how would how would you find that? He just he yeah Snoop dog all right For shizl yeah, but there's visual a visual of the essence what I'm getting see there is no answer this piece. We still try to make it up I was gonna drizzle a visual when reading gets said to town They didn't after my aunt reader while she can afford it. Maybe it'll fizzle if I were her I get that a lot of hell I'll be real quick 5 in ever know who knows just gonna be nasty and he's batting down a hatches Bill Clinton's got 94 and look who's about he's got a pretty good lead Right now. I would say he's got a pretty safely that the moment we love built them We want to back now is what I would say and right behind him is Jesus Christ Well Alan said he said they're not only environmental concerns there, but he made a point of yeah I read a nagan managed a mayor of an orlian's he is not ready not only for prime time, but anytime And the best part of it is he's inviting everybody else to come back early which is unacceptable But he bought a house and he used to remove his family to and he's gonna go see them once in a while If I was his family I could understand easily why they wouldn't want to see him off and it may be not at all He's a he's a bozo in idiot But then again, you know when you when you got mirrors and you've got like these local politicians and so on what are you? What are we got you know pop at jekyll look what we got pop at caroyo look what we got now? How's your buddy mayor? Pena we need how's he doing? How's he doing what? One maybe at a WQ a M hello Q a M Take a deep breath you can do it. I like the address this record John's costume. Yeah, okay. I Even now that was probably the first time that even before there was any word. I knew who it was Before a word was speak it. I heard the breath. That would that be a breath a normalizer WQ a M hello A M Yes, sir. I go for a poll. Yep. I've got a mark point mark. Wait. There you go. Samuel. Climbers Samuel longhorn Clemens Who probably was in chuckleusky once or twice he got around Mark Twain who saw the rain in Spain. He was good guy Probably a drunk two or five six seven. I've never heard we need read a lot about Mark Twain Yeah, I read all his stuff. He was a good guy He was a skating critic of everything that he should have been like guys So he was a great guy's my hero. I'm gonna change my vote. I like my Samuel longhorn Clemens Hello, I hate guys with phony names. Yeah. How did you Q a M? Hello? Anyhow you pretty good good. Listen. You talked about last week about the I told you you have to beat these people with the story and Not a New York Times you have to pay for the Opets. There's gonna be even harder to get the point across to these people. I already I just had a pay 50 bucks for that this morning It's funny. You would bring that up by now 50 bucks. I can't get it for not to have those stories man. I know we're going on the green down Yeah, I know it's not hard It's hard to get these more on three something There's a You said something very funny that that All the people are coming from all the countries But we also have some smart people here and they're leaving So you know, so other people and they can't remain smart. Yeah, I know Yeah, but like all our science is all all things that made this country good You know, we were the leaders in everything A few years ago, right and now everything and we work we're second to everybody and everything It turns the fact that the South Korean clones are clean up. They have all the technologies They don't know what they're gonna have a power. You know what I even having weapons Because we don't think we know that's what happens when you have a present who espels his name Oh, oh, oh, and like that and I recall the cover listen you know I was gonna ask you I listen. I saw listen to you You know, so we can't run on QAM But How are you always political or if it's a Clinton I guess you make you more political No, it's always a liberal spin-myster man. No, I mean yeah Always a left wing Tommy Pinko Fag Liberal always yes Always It's in my glove The Japanese I tell you it's for me all that kosher belly. What is it? Did you happen to see that I mean yes, I think I wouldn't watch that if you're you paid me by the second now I'll not because I'm too Didn't hear a very funny I don't know they showed the clippie for us all that so look all time I say this other good part missed all the crap Have a great day, pal. Hey That's the cameo he just 27 past eleven. Let's play some luace McGill music I'm wondering what what was more surprising that a survived play Luis Miguel records or the hockey shows Oh the hockey without no contest I was thinking about that Yes, I think about what was I thinking about what what what how could I be so easy so stupid Since I jackass to be manipulated by a rumor to putting those stupid shows on here So he could like suck up to all those friends in his and he could vote and not be friends and He could be food Seriously what the hell was that what do you hear that? I guess he might the maid must be out there doing a or an extra to my not making a ruckus in a hallway just kind of out there. Okay I'm a deported bitch 11 27 a QA This is Neil Rogers This is God, is you see guys knicken sobs and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in They just like them like that they were on the year what a court the weed and they're high and I mean it's terrible So here's that I've been looking at listening to six ten and I'm as here He's been Right What Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh my god, en notebooks on s me Oh Most of the five money on his Love fun and heaven let's go Absolutely, y'all. I'm watching these missing children this thing that's been put on CNN They have been for last few days and they miss show another one with a name, but age question mark, right? Now I'm assuming that it's the parents or relatives or somebody connected to these kids It's saying these kids are missing. How is it possible that they I don't know how old their kids are? Hmm, who's reporting the missing. Well, just keep in mind these are probably from no-one Leans, okay. I mean you can't complain about the collective IQ of all those Luziana Alabama, Mississippi and Ultra-Win Texas and Oklahoma and Arkansas We'd accept an e-course of a bubble. Maybe he just to hung out there. That's what I heard President of Bush today questioned a plan speaking of intelligence to allow residents to return to the world and saying there are too many concerns about additional footing and safety in the city The city needs to be emerged. He said after meeting his Homeland Security Council. It's a matter of timing Oh, yeah, he knows all about timing and so does Mickey Chirtoff. Bush spoke his residents began trickling back into the city This morning is Friday reopening plan by a lung head mayor Ray Nagan one zip code at a time over the next week the uptown neighborhood By the way, the debt tool all together is like 800 and something right now So the fact that they brought in 25,000 body bags. I'm sure to go over a thousand it would appear But where did they come up with those numbers? I don't know just think I'll tell me you'll need them someday Okay, over the next week the uptown neighborhood the garden district and the historic French quarter Also are said to reopen the residents and businesses at Nagan's invitation bringing a total of about a third in the world In Japan and have an inspect 200,000 homes in the world in the hundreds thousand of them have been are gonna have to be bulldozed Does that give you an idea what we're talking about right? Bush said there's deep concern about the possibility that tropical storm read I just looked you know they have the odds the possibilities and probabilities of where it's gonna hit and when and so on There's a 7% chance that Wednesday evening through Thursday That could hit New Orleans that's like 14 to one in the morning line They're concerned about the tropical stormy to which was headed toward the Florida keys today could drop more rain on the Orleans and breach the cities levees again Those levees man, dammit. We've made our position loud and clear Bush said the mayor's working hard the mayor's got this dream about having a city up and running We share that dream, but we also want to be realistic about some of the hurdles and obstacles I'm having overcome the FEMA people and the president and making sure it often home. I'm super easy all of these things This story here gives me hope. This is the greatest possible an insure a lot of you out there when you hear this story You'll feel the same way there. There's hope for some of us all right Doctor, you want me to read you the headline, okay? U.S. doctors prepare for the first human face transplant. Oh What's not to like man? I bet you there are a lot of us want to sign up Doctors at U.S. clinical start interviewing potential recipients for the world's first face transplant Unless you weeks after winning a parole from the clinics in turn review board the medical team at the Cleveland Clinic at Ohio is led by Maria Simino a 55 year old surgeon who spent years conducting research into face transplant including experiments on animals and human cadavers You want to choose patients of our really disfigured. That's somebody has a little scar she told the AP The procedures intended to help patients whose faces. I thought it said whose feces are disfigured whose faces are disfigured because of an accident or genetic fault in other words ugly parents many patients spend years enduring painful reconstructed surgery It's a process that's been labeled life by a thousand cuts and you're supposed to play I lost the way that where to go Boy, I was slow tell me for false Monday performance of face transplants argue that the procedure could remove the need for years of operations By applying a new sheet of skin in one operation while the capability performed face transplants is existed for years Nobody is attempted it teams of surgeons in Britain France and the US previously announced that they're close to forming face transplants But concerns over the ethical implications of the procedure halted or delayed their plans Although the Cleveland Clinic team is one approval from an internal review board critic saying independently Review board should determine whether the procedure can go ahead last year a team at the University of Louisville and Kentucky Which has successfully transplanted a human hand? They said it not to go ahead with face transplants after examining the ethical issues as thick as a person's self image Socialist sensibility and sense of normal searote outborn widians a philosophy professor in clinical investigator at the University of the American Journal of Bioethics and the same journal Carson's strong a bioethicic University of Tennessee wrote it would leave the patient with an extensive facial wound with potentially serious physical and psychological consequences now doesn't sound quite so good as it did before the operation is expected to last up to 24 hours a skin envelope From a donor's attention to the recipient using one of two pair of veins and arteries and either side of the face about 20 nerve endings would also be attached the recipient should look similar the way they did before the operation the Cleveland Clinic tells potential donors and patients That's because the skin is grafted on or existing bones and muscle which determine a shape of a face Similarly, expressions and facial characteristics are determined by the brain not the product of facial tissue Other researchers however suggest that the final result will resemble a combination of the recipient and the donor So we're gonna have to like scrape some skin from somebody looks really good, you know right like maybe Brady Quinn maybe even like braid Quinn's face I don't know that Josh was pretty impressed by Brady Quinn's performance even though of course the Spartans did prevail in over time after blown a three-thats down lead But he said that Brady Quinn is like almost on the same level with Tom Brady's now, which he said Just as you were asking currents for the race. Yeah, he said do fairie 20 till noon at 2 AM This is new This is five 16 It's day My every town five six oh WQA On the blue chip On this dad gets a shame And the fairies touch when you roll for their And the blue up the back with shame It's a wooded chip and the spells are not like an arm Picked or the bad egg farted with two died of disease They showed them our DNA They're not holding up for the fourth and the longest of the night And if you go play the old North, why would they choose to rush the place of the slaves If they don't serve lawful, but you can see shit they beat it back to you Life is very hard I'm 47 at 560 WF, we got to mole myster with two mad dog of four No, I'm all game tonight. Marlins have a travel day. They're on a way to play the mess in New York tomorrow How many games like in this season Josh? That's what I thought 12. 12 games left. It doesn't the dirty doesn't the big probably got now is not just that they're behind But they got two teams. They got a hurdle over that's bad. They're fully infused in that they have to leap 550 or one votes on a pool. What famous a living or did first you admire most built for him And one was six FDR is hopped over Jesus Well, I'd like to see that That'd be funny right on that chair 57. I'll know I did like that cigarette holder. That was the best Jesus Christ 54. Yeah, Burgess Meredith plays FDR Per Albert Einstein 50 Ben Franklin 49 go fly a kite Ben Thomas in 40 Abelok in 35 Tf 232 Ronnie Ray gun 24 Michael more 23. He have to head of mother Teresa and she's pretty peo to about it Mother Teresa 14 George W. Bush 14. All I see a lot of similarities there Thomas paying 10. Take of our nine Elvis seven city she and five Thomas Jefferson four Teddy Roosevelt three Jimmy Carter two Mark Twain one Timothy leary one John Adams finally got one I must be whoever called him because nobody knows who that is Carl Roe Jimmy Henderson none and how come nobody says George Washington was he like Chopitay is there something was the chop liver? We'll put him on them George Washington man the father of your country Who used to stay to motel six all of them support for the war and Iraq among Americans has tumbled to an all-time low A court a New York Times CBS news pool that came out this weekend and all-time low only 44% of those survey said he wasted the right thing By invading Iraq the lowest rating since the question was first asked by the pool more than two years ago according to the New York Times Furthermore more than eight in ten Americans are very or somewhat concerned that the war is costing a lot of money and resources needed in the US The poor results came as the West faces a bill of as much as two hundred been into we build the Gulf Coast after devastation by Katrina Yadiyadi Yadiyadi your presence promised not to raise taxes to pay for it as Americans also grapple with high prices at the public retreat is after Thanks again Mr. President for those bargain basement for the free gas The pool also showed sharp racial divides and how the wars perceived by Americans only 36% of white Americans felt the war was having a negative impact in their communities compared to 58% of black Americans See when when they say white Americans why they just say crackers because that's what that includes red necks Look a lot of these folks that they're interviewing in Louisiana. I still love the president. He just these my president I love you know, he's doing the best he can you see most you know nearly 60% of disapproval the president The other Iraqi conflict and nearly half of all Americans are not proud of what the US is doing in the war. The pool found all those dead bodies all over the In place all those people including tons of women and little children who still be alive today It's going to be into that brilliant iracatex based on a bunch of lives. You know all of this stuff that this man has done and nobody's even really seriously talking in impeachment There are a few people whispering it around you know not too loud because they don't want to give killed But that's it Compare it just compare in your mind the the white water and Kenny star who was a right wing lunatic compare all of that crap Sexual Tucker Dillos and to this crap well, he's dead people blood on the hands is what it's called Results of the pool were published at the end of where the bloodiest weeks in and around Baghdad since US troops invaded as a wave of bombings and shootings They were there 200 lives. They're all screaming at the end language Here's the Michael Mayo thing that I threatened to read You on it. Are you sorry signing and sending it in somewhere outside isn't it Josh? It's here. Dear Talahazie give us lots of will give you grief rights Michael Mayo hold the Mayo Mike and happy to Shivou is Tishibog By twice a year now that he's not a sports nickname war Mike Mayo where something actually worth reading He says now that Hurricane Katrina's put Mrs. Havey Casino's out of commission for the foreseeable future It sure would be nice if the Florida legislation that it's driving the a proud county voters the spot machines that we approved last March That's a year ago march that's 2004 was a 2005 well whatever was was in 2005 right okay Otherwise the state will get buff because now I like the way that they spelled this in the Sun Sentinel because it's probably right mostly by goiam Buccus which means basically nothing but I don't like the way that spelled there Otherwise the state will get buff because while untacks Indian trap casinos keep breaking in the case Inferencing assertion they said in gambling void in Baloxy and other Mississippi Gulf Coast towns. That's a good point Now that all those casinos those floating casinos in Baloxy are upper creek so to speak Look at all the additional money could be coming it could be pouring in the South Florida But oh no we don't want that we don't want no money for education anything worthwhile Hey those are tainted dollars. It's bad enough the legislature thumbed it's those that voters and the state constitution by not And I think slotted for a barren permutial facilities by the July 1st deadline worse Legislators and it insults the outrage last week by saying there's no need to ease all these you anytime soon And you want to know why my presence the floor in F and way I feel low compulsion to push this into a special session said Repers in a freight actison Republican of Kissimmee head of the House Business Regulation Committee who probably spread a lot of time and check a lucker What is it check to Waka check a logo that would leave things to the courts until next brings regular session The legislature's defiance is especially galling given the states and circumstances with the Gulf Coast casino sideline and winter tourist season approaching its crazy To allow gamblers to head straight for the untacks terminal and make the spooky casinos run the fight Slaughts it to four-borrowed permutial facilities would generate money for Florida public schools the county and local cities A drug in Broward is ruled the trash can launch with county oversight book functioning park pop at O park Hollywood Greyhound trek and Danielle Highlay are proceeding cautiously now wanting to antagonize the legislature that it can pose a prohibitive a prohibitive tax rate later Meantime democracy remains the big loser and by the way, it was at the same people who were to do so badly on the ballot that they didn't say class three slots Which are the biggest star with the ones everybody once and also didn't say that it has to be a by whatever Meantime democracy remains a big loser says my cold a mail every time I do a speaking engagement and a Speaking engagement Michael Mayo is doing speaking engagements And a raise voter asked what can we do just like Al Pacino in the confa remember that what can I do what can I Slept of in the face Here's what we can do pester the powers that be until they no longer can ignore us so here goes says Mike me. Oh, he's given it a shot nice caught Mike. Let's give it a shot Here's a letter dear honorable Florida leader I'm concerned Florida season in a Broward County resident In November 2004 Florida voters approved a constitutional amendment to allow referendum on slum machines in our county last March Broward voters approved the measure for some reason a legislature has not done its part the Constitution said you were supposed to enact regulations By July 1st you didn't we don't want anymore Scuses or delays we approved slots video bingo machines We don't want to hear about what it means for the Indian tribes that's for the governor to negotiate the sort of your job is to set up regulations and taxes Make sure better is get back 92 to 95 cents of every dollar, but take 40 to 50% of the casinos profits for our kids And make sure the casinos are well regulated and treating employees decently We want slots and we want them now sincerely Broward he says if you're tired of being ignored for your name and address on this column and send it by fax mail or email the house speaker Allen's events who makes no sense and sent a president to me and call every day to let the know he Haven't forgotten and then he's got the contact info the address the phone numbers the shoe size a part of your uniform Tree good lucky says good luck to you Mike me on ice job and happy Sinthus Torah so I all you got to do you print that out right from our website or from the Sun sent a few little there We very cautious about that, but you can print it out right from our website the story on there I hope I don't want to be telling these people that every week is on there. Okay, just relax now if you want that race I went to bed for you a big time this morning. I mean, your kids getting paid like four bucks an hour Something like that 250 and they're like oh, but a big enough clearance. He said yes, didn't he? Kind of like hopefully he's gonna dumb you give the affirmative not a while I want to just a bunch of talk, you know, of course, greatly, but anyways, I don't let him go vetoing it Okay, we don't pay any attention to him. Not that we have since he got joist Yeah, you think those of us on the air got joist you ought to see how Greg got joist After you played the fashion, you're some of my contract renegotiation and by the way all the talents gonna sign that Thing I was thinking about the yesterday. Oh, everybody's gonna sign that not Blow it out your ass joist you any you quiz like you simple them Dear Talah has to give us slots or we'll give you grief and there it is right there And there's the letter the letter part you can neither you can either copy that and send it on or you can go back into the link is there to the original article Which probably will look on our let's see how it looks how's it look? Oh, it's got Mike Mayo's picture on it. They might not like that Whatever you want to do just to take that part in the sign it and send it in or facet in email it in put it in the bottle and stick it in the ocean do something Stick it where would it have you feel like it but enough already with a dragging the feed dragging if you Yeah And I just don't understand where are the people with the balls to say he looked now that I'll give Mike Mayo credit for that All of his just a lucky newspaper guy, but we're out of the powers that beat see this is the problem We're at a people who believe in the you published a you know and in a whole electoral system of course This is a Florida where they keep stealing elections. So what what about how am I talking to right right? Who taught it to myself? But it's your kill some good time. 1156 in QA and bring in some serious cash Is mean This is five 16 Yeah, okay, and there goes again Yeah Great So what do we do now? Shall we is that it? No, that's not it you're gonna give it a shot banging smack it Clang it Oh So it's not gonna work not for right now. Okay. Well. Let's move on this is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 Those are big-rowers closed it in tomorrow and Note Because The lush and dead lights spawned. That tour of the Dalmat, so left on the earth. But even stupid people are allowed to give birth. A stupid, small breakfast, bales sir, walking shards in wine. A man I feel bad for baby and alive. Heaven's the hands-bained. Dance the last never-world. I am faced with tears, but this big swamp will die. Mom's a full of thoughts, star, in swel our squishyhold. There's no doubt about it she's a bull fat. Are they still watching the same, and left white to roam? That's right for them. If they still think it's funny, wondering't nearly amount of cold water. Watch simmel house rate can come from a bag. The fun. That's the average day for the loser and the fun. Can't believe they couldn't see. How did it pull it'll pay? Oh, that's probably the truth. You better hold me if my dreams And pray to save Cause that's a dead beast With our many fine And we're going to do a bad, full baby Better life That's a big pop-down last week And as we know, most important story The whole year I was sitting on the right We didn't have to be anybody here Good. That's what we want to do. We have two spots that weren't played Just two amin' somewhere. Are you capable of playing them now? I can. Well, not until I do this, Schools in Dayton Brown will be closed tomorrow And anticipation of Chopperl Stormmakers arrival as a hurricane Evening classes And after school activities And also cancel in both date and And instead again, schools in Dayton Were our closed in Dayton Tomorrow as we wait, Tropical Storm, maybe Hurricane Whatever's going to be the big blow From Rita. This is a meal rush. This is by 16, 18, 18, 18. Oh, okay. So we got all the spots in everything's coaching now. Oh, we're good. Excellent. We're great. Until about before I QAM, We're everything is like all screwed up And equipment don't work in the audio vault And that's because one of the reasons Being the one not listening to us No matter what we told him last almost eight years now But they listen. Oh, they pay attention. Oh, no. We know nothing. They're smart. You know, like Fredo. Jane Fashins says, I vote for Mark Twain. He wrote a book that his daughter wouldn't publish Rears after his death because it Ripferlidge is not so bad called letters from earth. Supposed to be a Satan writing letters To the arcane's old Gabriel By visiting earth. And the stupid religious beliefs of earth In evidence. For instance, all religious beliefs that when they get to have And they'll be universal brotherhood and no sex They'll stand around in white robes and sing Hems yet on earth. All they do is hate one another and scheme And getting sex. They're having certainly isn't what they really want Is it one book every American knows? It is one book every American sure we're along with Talk a very finnist by the strictly use of the in word. Sure, wish I were up there to write a love you Jane. Thanks Jane. Who likes Mark Twain. That's plain. And maybe a day of rain and Johnny's saying to Kimford. You don't have a day of rain. I'll tell you that. Read a proper storm soon to be hurricane read it. Maybe we could add our thousand votes again today. If I'd have pushed it but it's Monday. We don't want to like it. Get pushy right? Because once we start coming, everybody get, Go back to home Depot. Right. Somebody the caller said the Walmart. We don't recommend anybody to go to Walmart. Play. Go to Kmart. Even the one in business anymore. Just go out there and get go to home Depot. Right. There you go. A lot of other choices. Okay. Because we got 592 votes. And we could like, you know, if we've gone over 600 by $1,000 a thousand days in the office. On this pool. Pretty universal pool. I would think. Okay. Some sourfaces. One lack of luckness was barely tolerable. But two more proved too much Saturday for a group of new Swimmers who surrounded the bad weather. Must have been a monster of a storm at luckness. You think? The worst. Oh man. The British are all. God is punishing them perpetually. And rightfully so, by the way. The four men and two women taking turns of an hour each. began their charity. Stunfried. They night and completed their first. Twice we mile. The first day morning. And that was all as temperature. Sank and wind's rose. We swam all through the night and successfully completed one length in 14 hours and four minutes. But the condition was so bad. We couldn't go on. So Kevin Mitchell 56 the first swimmer. The set off on Friday. The waves were so big. And the wind was so strong. We couldn't keep the escort vote with the swimmer. And then made it unsafe to continue. British nature is an organized disponsent relay to raise money for cancer research. You can't. But the naked swimmers of luckness. Couldn't get the job done. Let's see. Here's a fact. Let's see. Oh yeah. How does that safety safety safety? Bichfield about voting for Bush now that you see. I enjoy chair right. And here's one that says, are we blessed down here? This is from Eric. You're right. I forgot about that. We sure are blessed in South Florida. The hurricanes, the canes, three canes. So we had to go three over times to meet like a, not a girl school, but like, a little voice school. Fumson. Yeah. And then of course the dolphins yesterday who like couldn't score in a fixed game. Man. The jets like to feel it had trouble sticking in there. And the ball too says everybody all together. We love you. Dough and we're talking Super Bowl. Baby yeah. We're talking Super Bowl after yesterday's tremendous performance. I'm going to tell you any team that's got just for rotis quarterback and downtown Ronnie Brown or rookie. Well, you've got to wait for what's his name to come back? You know, Ricky. Ricky. Ricky. Ricky. I see he's got like three more games to suspend the sentence. And he comes back. Yes. He could. I think they've won their game to be very honest. You know, that's second idea. They're just Denver vanished. They just didn't come out on the field in the second half. And anybody had any thoughts in your mind that this was going to be a dynamo. I'll let crap we were hearing. And of course it happens there every year. Usually they went the first two or three. And then they just go in the tank. This year was just one half a ball. Let's all they played. One half a ball. Five six seven. Let's get two three thousand more names on the pool. They're going to get some votes. They're just waiting to find their favorite on there. Like you reach your Franklin. Somebody like that. Five six seven. Six. Five six. And he've arrived in a regular wireless line or Jeffrey Dahmer. Maybe. How many Q a M. Hello? Your Neo. Yes sir. After that, we've been hurricane games Saturday. I hate to say it. But just be going to be all about the. Yeah. Yeah. Come in to Q a M. Hello. He had a good one last week. Why didn't you quit while it was ahead? Yes sir. Ben Franklin. He's on there. He's on there. He's all. Okay. I'm sorry about that. Don't worry. Excuse me. Okay. Great. Good American. Now, Jeff Bush. I want to give you that. He doesn't want to talk about his family. But yet he interrupts Michael and Terry Shival. And their business by. Right. And he's going to point. When he has a few. There you go. Now, one thing. Sometimes, though, my thunder on the Kimball camp or television show for the pre game. Somebody say, obviously, called it. We're acting like our day. If I hit them and asked, Neil, you're studying a meaway green on the words. And he was a secret. Jeff's fan and everything. It was great. Good for you. Good for you. All right, Neil. If you can get anybody else to call and tell you what I heard and type it up, you're going to laugh your ass off me. Okay. I like that. Okay. Thanks a lot. Last mile. My ass. Oh, dot dot dot. Why the accomplishment? Wow. How do you like that? Three hundred. We're better. I'm really. I'm really. They probably were crawling in that household. You know. The actual hurricane center has four casted two intense. If I rather rather rapidly, in fact, as we take another look at the track, you'll Oh, boy, he was. We're looking at the potential for this storm to reach category three string. Oh, that's not where it's going. In a go. And come on. We're going three and it's going to intensify. And it's going to go somewhere. You know what I mean? I see it. It's starting to move out there. And the middle of the Gulf. And then it can go north of where young man or Oh, boy. Let's go. It would not be something if we were reading and say, Hey, I'll come back now. come back now y'all come back and they're coming back home. It's already back today and guess what a lot of being there we go again You know what I'm saying? It's a little premature valuation. I think that most of these people I mean granted They're under tremendous hardships, but they're hanging out somewhere to reheust in there in baton Rouge They're urban hella are just let them let them be for the little while what if he's ray you any you quizzing you bozo You're fair right that too. Can't handle him So eminently I'm qualified. That's what he's got to comment with Bush and with the governor, Louisiana Cateline the queen and a lot of these people eminently and with Mickey Brown downtown the mow brownie Unqualified that's the word totally and eminently unqualified So if anybody really believes that your country is gonna like take care of you safety safety safety safety Well if we have like some kind of terrorist attack Neil God forbid good luck you no chance not minimal chance no chance How many Q a m hello? Yes, sir. This is John Ellis Bush Cromba where'd my fair? WM hello Q a m no yeah Listen why can't the bear mutuals that are down here? I read that Michael mail article as well Why can't the bear mutuals why they being so tentative and tiptoe and around this legislature? Why can't they sue them full fledged? Because the voters voted on this stuff when you know the interesting part of it is they did go to court and judge mo Said he gave him the go we said go ahead. He said they got no right He said you make up your own rules because or he said he would make them up because they didn't love I'm to what the voters voted on it was supposed to be the deadline was your life first and they're just sitting around and dragging their heels Intentionally and they just don't have the balls. That's it. They're terrified of the legislature I don't understand that it's it was it was it was a Vote a vote that made a bill or a referendum passed in the wall Right it has to be an act of just like a presidential vote that you're placed in 2000 Well, yeah, well not like that, but yeah, what you know what I'm saying is I mean I know there's there's a lot of things with with with with how much percentage this in that Metaxas and stuff but if but if I was one of the paries and and Could and then had the voters and the judge said put them in I put them in put them in and and and take all the money Or put the money in some sort of an escrow account until these old parts decide what they were gonna do The to to make the voters not all the fronts are good old boys That's what it is good old boys all religious right good old boy You know what I don't know what we're stealing and the dealin and wheel and good old I see it that I'll see it the border and we don't like no gambling here or Florida I mean we don't like no gambling. We don't like a flusin. We don't like no drink I said governor that fat ass governor sure got a dysfunctional family man They're just a bunch of slime balls is what they are and you look at him on it And you feel unclean unclean you know what I'm saying? Yep, like you need to jump out of the shower and take like a big tub a body wash a huge tub of it That's just great dial. We'll give you a smile. That was not bad if you tried to dial body wash though Still using that Oh, Saint Yes, I've got some jives alive and I got the steam aroma It steams up a room with therapy kind of oh yeah, that's good stuff And I'll tell you what's really good is the energizing citrus really oh, yeah, in fact it's good like you know After you do the full shower and then like just before you leave you have to do like a second job in the Back to make sure that really clean, you know, oh, I always There's nothing like energizing your back to the morning man To get your day off on our good start. I'll try it. I'm telling you have the most energized ass in the building said maybe you're fairly Put a year old version Take everything that's embarrassing and we move it out of here so it doesn't look like you live in neverland ranch Michael Jackson stars in Now 14 year old version Does love anything is the share you bear with some sorry. I'm not in the next stop. I think the share you've been Because you're a pet a file pet a fly. Yeah, you like kids God knows and I have a sit my yeah, he's told us the sex I'm not a like Michael Jackson in the 14 year old version all right Michael What do you want me to touch my butter? Okay good that's what I want with the Brian Dan 12 19 at five 60 WM okay, I guess we better get all over Rita Chubbara well, I mean, you know, we probably should because people are tuning in and we since we have this tremendous news The music you I am Resents ordered leave the photo keys this morning. I know what does that have to do with sports and Hurricane warnings and watch this cover dating vow to stop a storm we just drank and we leftlessly and ballooned in size Says the hero strength and we let us live in ballooned in size Martin Merzer wrote this story and obviously is a little Melodermanic four cash to set its wins could approach the hundred-loving mile hour threshold of a major hurricane is the storm's core Reaches and possibly passes right over Key West by tomorrow night. Oh Key West. We'll see that no more The National hurricane Center telling us that there's some rest that we'd have might reach category three status That is that approaches the keys that Irene Toler on roll County's emergency management director Our policies to call for a general evacuation areas that might be prototyped with room packs She said the Monroe County shelter at FI use main campus along Southwest eighth street in Dave County will open early this afternoon Officials and date and brought expected rounds partial evacuations later today schools are open both counties today But will be closed in both counties tomorrow Four castes emphasize that we need to show no sign of inflicting the type of catastrophe delivered last month by Katrina door leans in the Gulf Coast But but they wore it every Monday remember that a hurricane encompasses much more Whether than just a core in that reading was growing in size as well as strength a hurricane warning Now effect and date means that wins and access to 74 miles an hour expected within 24 hours a hurricane watched now on in Means that wins of that speed are possible within 36 hours It's important to emphasize that really could affect large areas and the one should not focus on the exact tracks and forecast To Rick Nab of the National Hurricane Center in Dave County for castes. There's a said South Florida's weather will begin to deteriorate the Safnoon or evening and grow progressively worse to the night in the Tuesdays we'd intensifies into her came moves close to the region See the schedule makers must know there was going to be like more real bad weather That's why they have the marlins on the road now this week. Yeah, they planted perfectly They had a they got to play in the ear and then at the land up at Atlanta, which I don't know how they do this season against the brave So for years they've always had their number for a long time now Well, I actually I believe they do they're they're in New York and Washington. No, in the schedule here I'm looking at the QM schedule. It's as Marlins at Atlanta Okay, I'm Friday Saturday and Sunday you're wishing they were watching to play the fast fading dance Yeah, who could win a fifth game these days? Hey, they didn't nice job there They don't draw with the crap unfortunately, but they did pretty nice job for a good part of the season right the night Center them when they were in Montreal. Hey man. Okay, no, see me before we do the Sunsemel thing They're in here Steve says thanks for your solid pick on the dead dolphins game. Oh dear Moots is I bet the pharmacies And just now I said never heard your That put a smile on my face, but I can't read it on the ear But it's got a few words in there like that one and like that Do do do do do do do do do I Steve I second that emotion Okay, here's what this comes sent me will say as officials ordered residents evacuated from the lower floor to keys today A strengthening Rita headed toward the island chain threatened to roll it a hurricane with a potential eight foot storm surge Hurricane warnings wishing for the keys and they'd carry him Broward meanwhile all schools have been closed from our because of weight And district spokeswoman A. Dean Drew said I would have seen skin to drew Michael now You also said that extra curricular activities in adult education classes at Broward schools be close today and tomorrow So all you old the enters that they're going to like whatever those passes are forget about it Broward County identified three schools is hurricane shelters My archive coconut creek fox trail elementary and Davy and what can sell entry in Pember park all be open by six o'clock tonight If you go to the one in Davy, don't double park your horse, please for more information people can call the Broward school districts information hotline It's seven five and now can I be right? Is that a set of typo? I don't know is there a new zip code a new area code in Broward could I think it should be nine five four three two one. Oh three two one. Maybe there is I don't know I'm out of five or a visit it's website Broward schools.com It says here seven five four three two one three two one But I never heard a no seven five four area code in the Broward. Did you know there is there could be out of it Well, why don't you dial that number now for me seven five four Three two one. I don't want to put it on the year three two one. Oh three two one because then we got a somewhere on the air and so the crank call winner got it Yeah, he's calling right in a valid it. Bring it these dialing it Maybe there is a seven five full Broward County public schools rumor can full hotline They are okay. It's the right number. How why would a sun symbol ever make them a steak? Would they make them a steak? Yeah, for fill them. Broward hold this information hotline seven five four three two one Oh three two one There you go. Okay, well, let's just keep checking it because we have this tremendous news department here at QM over right on top of these things We have a news wire. Oh, we got the weather wire. No, we got the all kinds of stuff. We're wired W 2 a m hello 2 a m W 2 a m. Oh, uh Okay, these are good W 2 a m. Hello. Is it a hot thing? W 2 a m hello Okay, it's four for four. Now that's Well binding five six seven oh five 60. I mean, I really don't care I haven't really paid much attention to my file And I got a really good pile that they made. It's written a red reference tour by the way Miguel says that that's old school That's uh, I guess that's happened It's been it's been around for a while in Broward County. I never notice meaning seven five so what does he know from Broward? He loves there now he lives in Broward now. So no my god. That's the end then I mean, if a Cuba obsessed the Julio like he moved to Broward. It's all over Oh, yeah, no idea what's going on in the pine state. That's nothing new. Oh, you can't even That's where he moved oh, well, yeah figures maybe didn't write in maybe that's where the 75 For about the pines that's where the last time I was home I'm over there my supermarket there. I want to say publics in the assault racer and the no-spigating lace Everybody in the customers anyway. I'll talk in a year language man But I might have gone huh He had this yeah, I would make them a stick about that's a good poll to take who we produce is the fastest Latinos dark folks Saudis Rednecks. I mean, it's just it's like a contest Uh-huh. Don't stop the slowers out there, man That's just what we need another billion people crawl around starving on a globe You know that there's a billion people starving right now as I'm saying is we're sitting here with our fat gut And you're probably in a bunch of free food or we'll pretty soon already do it. There's a billion people starving in a world They always starving BLT's oh, yeah Hey, that's not my home. I should tell on the air about that the brought worst thing I don't care. I don't care about it. But it's good. It's really excellent mushrooms onions Shrooms that lower look herb pasta sauce Just saute him in the pan take your brought worst put it in your flavor wave slice it up and pop it in there And then after it's just about all done you put a whole bunch of parmesan cheese on top or is that parmesan like mr. Igor would say parmesan cheese And this this will be kind of like a little cheesy and then that boom and the bowl as you launch your dinner Whatever good stuff no more ice cream for this kid for a while I had ballooned up so you know I was up for one ninety seven That's pretty 40 one 91 now on a way down to one sixty I'm gonna tell you I'll send you a picture when I get to one sixty hold your breath take a deep breath 27 past no in five sixty WQ and I'll then I'm gonna get the new face on air man. Oh man They say he Tom Brady just stopped in to visit Tom Brady Pat Quinn or is it more like Pat Quinn? How about those least by the way? Oh, that was just next to bitching into last five to two out of a last night anybody interested in hockey. Oh, okay. That's it How did you sleep last night in a recent national survey about the national sleep foundation? Fewer than half Americans were portkating good night sleep on most nights And I love the primary reason is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new Simmons beauty US queen set for my good friends at telemetras the Simmons beauty rest features individually pocketed coils So you won't feel your partner moving during the night now Christ it's just 599 bucks This is for a limit time only so pick up the phone call 1 800 mentors right now and say you want the needle deal The Simmons beauty rest were just 599 plus a force of every Dialometrist purchase will be donated to hurricane Katrina really when you call 1 8 in the mattress and you'll still get same day delivery all across town By calling 1 800 mattress just still continuously deepest election You've picked the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule and dial matrices on time 99.7% of the time I've been using them for years and just about everybody around here is called 1 800 mattress for beds You ought to be doing the same log under their website mattress dot com or give them a call right now at 1 800 Metras have a stupendous night sleep tonight on a brand new bed from dialometras and of course for years to come to that's 1 800 mA TT r ES leave off the last and it's because it stands for savings Be sure to ask him about the Neilville when you call this is Neil Rogers This is 5 16 When hurricane preparation each Gally Oh my friend, oh, he's a nice man. Oh my god Dad, let's go have another snores it. Why did you power it go out about a week before the storm got here? He too make your wonder He's on the boat now like your show now all the lad up coming down Why you will kill you Oh Yeah They're going to fix that with my money You like that Look, I'm the 10 years I'm out of here Copy 23 2701 there's a great love affair between those two I'm going to take a bath Don't go do it It's good news finally former tycoe c e o dennis kaislanski and former financial chief Mark Swartz Each sentence to eight and a third to twenty five years for stealing millions from the company. How do you like that? Excellent All of those raver's Kenny boy, leave him from enron and all these people all these folks that help shield your life long Savings okay, they're all the undifra How do we tell everybody's right on how many gambling channel be a good place and I could also fry read out Cosby's ass on there to at the same time I still can't believe it. It's just it's like a joke, you know if you want to get put around like for one day and said okay surprise April Fool She's obviously doing someone with that eyesight. Oh my god even the thought of that is so gross test. I can't Can't even begin to think about that especially at launch time email suggests government to seeking to blame the world in his club on environmental group Study like that Federal officials appear to be seeking proof to blame the flood of New Orleans on environmental groups document show the Cleary and ledger has obtained copy of an internal email the US Department of Justice and out this week to various US attorneys or offices Has your district defended any cases that behalf of the US Army Corps of Engineers against claims brought by environmental groups Sickening the block or otherwise impede the course work on the levies protecting New Orleans if so please describe the case in the outcome of the litigation Cynthia Magnus and I spoke swimming for the justice department said there's they she couldn't comment because it's an internal email Showing a copy of the email email David bookbinder senior attorney for Sierra club remark Why are the Bush administration officials trying to smear us like this because that's their speciality man Smear and smear on by the way speaking of smear the word is spelled B U B K I S Michael may own up US Totally his U of his week. He was probably the editors there. Go in book is V U B K I S got it. That's what the Josh and George are making book is right The Sierra club another environmental groups had nothing to do with a flood in that resulted from hurricane Katrina that killed hundreds He said it's unfortunate the Bush administration is trying to shift the blame to environmental groups But it doesn't surprise me at all he'd be saying federal officials say the email was prompted by a congressional inquiry But wouldn't comment further It's too embarrassing whoever's behind the email may have spotted these September a issue of national review online That trans tries to see or club other environmental groups for assuming to halt the course 96 planned a raise in four to five hundred and three miles that he misses to be river levies and lose the animals to be an Arkansas The course said the litigation 97 a green of hold off on some work until and Environmental impact could be completed the national review article concluded whether this delayed directly affected the levies that broken in Orleans is difficult to pass your tain The problem with that conclusion the levies that broke causing the Orleans to flood weren't Mississippi river Leveries that were levies that protected the city for like concentrate train Let me down the other side of the city when Katrina struck the hurricane push tons of water from the Gulf of Mexico Intelliq Pongetrain which borders the city to the north core officials say the water from Lake through the levies by three feet It was those water waters. They say that caused the levies to be greatly ruptured causing 80% Norlands to flood Both find it said the purpose of litigation by the Sierra Club others in 96 was where the core got the dirt for the project We had no objection to levies he said we said just don't dig Fill materials out of the wetlands we get the dirt from someplace else If you listen to what some conservatives say by environmentalists he said were responsible for most of the world's Itals in 1970s seven the core wanted to build a 25 mile long barrier in gates system to protect the worldings on the east side Both environmental groups in fishermen are posted projects and would choke off water in the lake punch entrain After litigation core officials abandoned the idea deciding said to build higher levies They came up with a cheaper alternative bookbinder said we didn't inject a raising levies Same old craft lame somebody else in this colony about how some idiots in the median a few of the bushworkers out there Oh, he finally took the responsibility to buck stops here. Yeah, right after all a political damage in the fallout and Carl Roe said you better get on there dummy And open up a mouth. I still let know what it means So he did the boy thing well it doesn't mean anything and today he's on there And he's given us some of the dance about how Ray What in the mirror and Nagan is an idiot? We already know that Always trying to point in no matter how much you may have taken those three seconds that moment to reassute that he was forced into making about I think responsibility that's the end of that because he's never taken responsibility for anything including showing up for his national guard duty He is a draft dodge in beard guzzlin Coax norton lying second crap coward and He still sits up there mr. High shot on his eye throwing every time to get a chance to stick him on here Then what the one great article we had oh, yeah, they shoot news anchors. That's long. You know I really hesitate to read this although you know you encourage me. Oh, you have it already What the new zacres thing? But do I have it already? It's on our website. Okay. Sorry. Why somebody sending it to me? It's on our website You idiots take a look at neorogies.com and by the way 104 people are right the Mike Mayo thing That's not too impressive. I don't think that they're gonna get flooded in telehassy because the elicis of this show are Worryed about the sloths in effect see that that's why don't call me up and ask me why they get away with the stuff because nobody does anything 107 lousy reads on that story, which means you know if I'm in seven people are red at how many of them clicked it? What do you think and said did something with it? I did something with it. They wipe their back though with it You know, it's there you could do something or not as a case maybe you know I realized it's a recrisal but effort is personally on this day when you're gonna be spending most of your time Go to a 711 and you float them and home depot right right fatning down a hatches I'm gonna do this anyway. I don't give a crap how long that I like it. It's long Nikki think Los Angeles weekly they shoot news anchors don't think and it's just exactly what's going on in America today That's why you can't get the truth out because all these people are too many sucking up You got a bunch of professional suck holes into maybe now just tuck her up and let me suck That's what they all say to this right wing band of Mary Nazis It's just it's nauseating. It's sitting and then you turn on CBC which there I'm struck by the way So then they had a lot of their good news people but even even so are the BBC and he gets the real news of what's happening You have to see the way they carve bush and ask up here man They just ain't too crazy about him. They're on to them and have been for a long time And like John Cretchen said let me cake Funny before one if I didn't have any idea what I'm talking about No, Newly the why cake 20 till one at five 60 WQAM the Emerald Coast speaking of Eamanja, Manger If Florida's number one Asian-Gorma Eva phase rated by Zegat restaurant review you asked for it Now if he Friday through Sunday night lobster fest is back at the Ammo coast by popular demand featuring may loves to serve thermator style And it can still enjoy a crab fest every night with Alaska and snow crab legs Dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs. You're gonna love their crabs The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-shell on a sushi bar with over 30 count of Different items are looking back answer and in addition the Ammo coast has got your handcar primaryman from their flaming grill The list has juicy succulent New York sticks hooked to order just the way you love them top off your fantastic feast with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain where it can hand if your own strawberries marshmallows other deck and treats just a few interesting things in there And you'll be amazed at how they come out. Don't forget the Ammo coast for most healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol Freak and oil no MSG no cornstarch no headaches no crap So book your reservations for a real feast at what a terrible coast three locations will find them in sunrise Sonny house beats in Pembro Pines for the Ammo coast nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two This is Neil Rogers This is five sixty two baby No There are special bells, Saturday comes, but I'm merry my fool. He wants to have the wedding as the boy's heart of me. That's the clash night, almost as fast as our night old is my double who I am. The name's all my mouth and a John dear ass. 16 dollars in 30 cents. How many Jesus loves you? How many Jesus loves you? I tell Jake in my big four to read damn signs, baby, I'll both say damn signs, but make me deserve no shoes, no shirt, no service, I love my battles, I think Joseph Richard, baby, and be all's bold, as a staffer, all of us are as a little bit, I swear to be you here for prayer, I'm with those in chocolate last year, they got a few red and next one or two, okay? Six hundred and seven votes, that's all we got, I thought by now we'd be like a foot with nine fifty when you, but they're like, they got bigger fish to fry now, they're not interested in this, what famous living are good person and you admire most, built Clinton one thirty, Jesus Christ 69, we shouldn't say that, Albert Einstein 65, FDR 63, Ben Franklin 58, Abelokin 45, Thomas Edison 44, JFK 37, Michael Lord 29, Ronnie Ray gone 28, right on Mike Moore's butt, Mother Teresa 18, Thomas Jefferson 16, George W. 50, I'm so ashamed, take of our 14, Thomas, pain 11, Cindy, she in a George Washington 7, Elvis 7, George always take of those two in the same breath all the time, Elvis and George, the same hairdo, Mark 26, Teddy Roosevelt 5, Jimmy Carter 4, Jimmy Hendrix 3, Carl Rove 2, Timothy Leary 2, and of course John Adams, Solomon and Taylor because nobody is any idea who that is, oh my god that is so sad, 13, you want to cue him, we got the mole mice to read two and mad dog at four and then about to hurt him stuff, I can't learn a 10, Nina think in Los Angeles weekly they shoot news anchors don't they, at first only CNN appeared not to have thoroughly read the proverbial memo, it was the only network on Aaron on its website to compare and contrast the wildly contradictory statements by federal state local officials sometimes with an hour is but often within minutes of each other, it was CNN that posted the first full transcript of New Orleans Mayor Ray Niggins for affinity and passion fields September 2nd and everyone local radio, it was also CNN the first exposure to the gruesome nature of the conditions at the superdom and the conventions in the hospital corridors, it's broadcast used with the first step to keep a heartwrenching online blog during Katrina, even as late as September 6th political correspondent Ed Henry was the first account of the claims by House Majority Leader Tom Belay that local officials and not the feds were to blame by reporting that congressional Republicans in a secret confab were giving the Bush administration a big fat F then the fix was in on September 8th CNN anchor right Kira Phillips was chewing in the House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi I saw that for continuing to criticize the administration and criticize the director of FEMA, I think it's unfair that FEMA is just single out there are so many people responsible for what's happening in the state of Louisiana instead of smiling through claims to use the San Francisco Democrat but back I'm sorry you think it's unfair but I don't if you want to make a case for the White House you should go on their payroll by September 12th even the White House submitted a FEMA and its own disaster area by pushing out its Arabian horseman turned Jack as head Michael Brown Bush finally admitted on Tuesday that the buck was going to stop with him whether he liked it or not to the extent the federal government didn't fully do the job right I take responsibility he said that same day CNN's parent company time worn around the harbing of delays to you for staff as a top Washington lobbyist this news and its timing prompted Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy to tell the LA weekly time worn a were lining itself with the right wing delay machine to change and send shutters down to CNN HBO clearly TW wants delay insurance who won't have to face table ownership safeguards our cart rules and broadband non-discrimination policies for the first hundred twenty hours after hurricane Katrina TV journalists were letting off their leaches were let off their leases by their mobile owners the result of rare co-joining a flawless timing summers biggest vacation week and the follows tragedy mercas worse natural disaster all of a sudden broadcasted narrated disturbing images of the poor the minority the age of the sick and the dead and discussed complications like poverty race class informant in ecology that never make it on the year in the swift boat anti-game marriage Michael Jackson media side show era so began a perfect storm of controversy contrary to the script you're so often quoted in these areas of Louisiana Mississippi the TV newscaster is new the truth but the truth did not sit them free because what's the crisis pointed past most TV journalists went back to business as usual their choke chains yanked by no longer in the ten apparent company bosses who fearful of fallout from fingering w for the female a screw-ups decided yet again the sacrifice community needs for corporate greed two quickly Katrina's wake was funded a web of deceit by the bush administration that disseminated by the big media boys club call rose spent the post-urricane weekend conjuring up voice to shift blame if big media looked like they're popping up w's presidency they are because doing so is good for corporate coffers in the former government contracts billion dollar tax breaks regulatory organizations and security favors at least that why the old cadre summer redstone had a via company a CBS has admitted what everybody already knew is true that while he personally may be a democrat it happens that I vote for via comi says via com is my life and I do believe that a republican administration is better for media companies than the democrat what when it comes to NBC's parent company G.E.E.E.E.E. is number one in two Jeffrey email that Bob Wright or a five republicans is her time-orders dick Parsons and CNN newscorp's group of murder don't forget that murder number two Peter Turing and Redstone's code number two less moon visit of our democrats its meaning is because we're not in redstone are the owners lots of pot of time large corporations in the executive typically avoid any public discussion their politics because partisan positions alienated customers in employees but all of that changed after G.E.E.E.E. bought NBC in 1986 for seemingly eons it melts predecessor the legendary jackwells was a rabid right winger who boasted openly about helping turn form or liberals christmas and ten rusard in neocons and lost angel is representative Henry waxman is still waiting for G.E.E. to turn over those in house tapes that would prove once in for all whether well in 2000 ordered his network in cable station to reverse course and call the election for bus instead of gore as for him out he publicly wishes his MSNBC could be a clone of fox not surprising since he led his never in cable news cheerlead the run up to the wrecky war what i'm not even bobbing to tell you is that G.E.E.E.E.E.E. had billions in contracts pending more than half of a rash power grid as G.E.E.E.E. technology it was also under email that G.E.E. installed a former adviser to W. and Condy who also served his press secretary to former First Lady Barbara let him eat cake bush as NBC Universal's executive vice president communications and let's not forget that on October 2004 the Republican control house and senate in white house okay a hundred thirty seven billion dollar corporation tax bill dubbed no lobbyist left behind the kiva huge thirty a huge eight billion dollar tax tax break to G.E. which in bank road a record 17 million dollar lobbying effort for it meanwhile that same bill has republicans at the last minute stripped the movie studios of about a billion dollars worth of tax credits because Hollywood's near constant support of the party in scanodates this need parent company of ABC is turned most of its extensive radio network and owned and operated stations into a 24-7 orgy of right wing talk Sean had to use their post a boy this needs chief lobbyist press and patins don't want to watch the disease most infamous republicans lobbyists but he used to work for repert mordock bush even pleaded this day after night eleven for Americans to go down to Disney world in Florida meanwhile Disney world has benefited from special security measures including extra protection and effectively declared no fly over zone and let's not forget that Michael Eisenner pulled a distribution plug on per night eleven as the report mordock has newscorp continued to defy July 2001 FCC order requiring it to digest itself of a TV station exchange for the agencies approval by TV stations from Chris craft industries for 5.4 billion what report worry this w cheerleading can rest assured that the FCC will amend this probation and owning broadcast outlets and newspapers in the same market unless anyone think that there's no connection between mordock's business and editorial several news organizations in the organization of the state of the town between the new or post-incendentary senator Hillary Clinton because ripper needs congressional democrats a newscorp side will pose a change in the eastern ratings that could harm its TV stations given all the above it comes in no surprise that is earliest the fur is that first Saturday certainly by Sunday inevitably by Monday no later than Tuesday the post-cifried images newsers were heavily weighted once again toward the powerbrokers and the predictable the angry black guys were gone the lying white guys were back hogging all the TV airtime so making racial republicans were lined up on air to denounce the blame bush game all the while be crying the Louisiana democrats in charge that it could have been congenit at the chavichase country club and the attitudes of some TV personalities did dramatic 180 and ns and bc right winger jost carbor had legitimately disgusted for a few days by the death and destruction that when i'm relieved around him in beluxi even during the demand answers from bush on down but scarbor was back to his left-baiting self-insured order inside foxes studio conservative cranksha on handedly had been rendered somewhat speechless by the tragedy soon he was back in full voice barking in shepherd smith and was still stalking us taking out that i10 bridge and sympathizing with its south of refugees to keep perspective the misses of he breads mid boom back in his veritone this is perspective foxes bill or rally who spent last month verbally abusing the grieving mother of a dead Iraqi war soldier then while the way the early days of Katrina's aftermath giving mutton of warlain's looters and shooters eventually blaming the hurricanes for his victims for creating their situations and even expecting any government help at all unnbc meet the press host Tim russard cut off chiffers and perishes on red recirdering one of tv's most moving in memorable outpouring of emotion instead to fill up airtime russard led mississippi governor haley barber praised bush's response odd nausea without reading back barber sharp criticism of the feds days earlier unnc and bc hard walls hard brain christmathies chided viewers and guests not to talk about who's to blame unless it was Louisiana governor blanco or mayor nagan interesting how barber state was also dehydrated and starving but nobody on tv news blamed him since he was just just happens to be former chairman of the republican national committee and don i'm a skewered w is disgusting performances to start of his ms and bc ctb show silo cast and the vye com cbs on him fin the radio network and then turned over just 24 hours later directly blaming mayor nagan meanwhile the tv news situation is about to get worse incoming busy c-o bob auger is tried repeatedly to dismantle nightline from mindless celebrity talk show and cbs chairman less moonbands wants to reinvent tv news to be more like entertainment shows and if it's not that way already hosted by even prettier people of course nobody could have anticipated that to their immense credit tv's prettiest boy anchors see an end anderson cooper in foxing shift smith and bc's brine widians would be boldly and carefully relating horror whenever and wherever they found it no matter if the fall day with mother nature or president w but the real test of paitos vs. profit is still before us whether the tv news catches will spend the fresh reservoir of trust or with the public to not only rattler bush's cage but also battle their own bosses if not it won't be long before tv truth telling they will be loyal permanently and he is absolutely absolutely this is meal ruggers this is five 16 to eight oh well reprise so what now man oh no time to play a filler something i'll try to get it back to fill in me it isn't in Nein he meant hand attention about chre these baritara Just follow what don't be Everybody's planning on Not the suicide In the occupancy of the We're watching all of you Everyone's on the speed So much what you mean This has been for a day And under your mind The push-up of the day Shons I shall show you a say I gotta hate those And pretend they're about to Oh, they meet everything we can And the state run you Let's water for a cold red We'll have your husband Hey A roven chainy bush That's a suicide We don't like to see our job Oh, I gotta find a reason We're fascinated by chain Oh, don't be so stupid for All the hours we've seen The past is very good way And everybody's turned in fashion But just you as day 305-60-192 Baton down the hatches Get that fly, get that lumber, get that this queen Get that something water Fiber water I'm gonna hat it down the batches Last and last it always jugs a bottle of water You know the kind of it's in those plastic jugs That leaps the chemicals from inside the plastic and water for flavor Right Watch the charge for that by the way I know I should charge for the water That they actually put out the tap and they pretend it's really Fiber water but anyway Brad says I heard Jimmy syphilis doing the game yesterday for the first time boy Does he suck? Absolutely Most sounds like a god next time is what Brad said Absolutely Joe Rose okay, but he's no man He's well, who the hell is he? Yeah, the rumb legs that we're getting Of course the local the locals there Very jackass and sarny They're not gonna way anything about it Maybe they have no opinion They have no opinions Because they're afraid to grab anybody's cage And of course any of the Pope he's just looking for a Black Domasticist Oh, yeah, the excellent David Broadcast last week All right This is the same guy who thinks Schuillis still a coach in Marina still a quarterback That's 80 to Pope Five six seven let's get some calls on his sarm and we have been Shirking although I have read that long long thing there Because of you Thank you And if not, it could be the end of it. Why can't through the show just for you? I could call you home and read the answer Could you have 130 to be votes on a full last lame man? That's weak 733 We have like almost 500 in the first hour Two hundred of those before the show I think everybody because all your hysterics is out there Benton down the hatches and that's go to natches And I did go to that what they're under the run I just I don't know I'm reluctant to say it but the potential path of this Read it, try to know Storm soon to be Hurricane Read it Right into the Gulf again and you'd be a man If you'd be nauseated look at somewhere the projected paths are Including one light right into baton Rouge where somebody these people are who got bailed out in New Orleans So yeah, sometimes got if he doesn't get right to first time because he's got bad aim And he's got other a fish to fry and a bet on all those ball games yesterday Boy, so many bad games the one day, you know, wow I mean really bad games I'm not gonna you know, Christ our graves cause the Patriots laws I think that's what it is Carolina Carolina's dumb two yesterday You know that they were embarrassing Good enough to beat the best team Yeah, well there you go Everybody has half weeks looking at your dolphins man He's he's talking big shot and out because the bucks you know One another game in the box when yesterday Yeah, big deal see who's sound is voice I guess he doesn't want that raised that I was just getting all said for him Love those patriots Yeah They stopped rainy stuff everybody's got a bad game. It's a game see I didn't even get upset because I said to myself I'm getting too old for this. It's a game. Why should I get upset about it? Right, we've got beef by our well. It's a thick and exhibition game Who cares about some stupid exhibition game in any sport? There's Brian McCabe I know I'm both sides and you know it's gonna take a look at me. It's too, but you know, I don't work out There you go workout. There's Brian McCabe at least. Let's see. Bruno and set beliefs to Marmites to another exhibition This game leaves TV is televising all the exhibition games. Wow even tell it these people are obsessed just obsessed with it How those leaves doing eight WQAM hello? Hey Neil how you doing pretty good, paly I got them for your polo Yep The Vinci Davinci there you go Hayley and Arro Okay Okay, thank you. Yeah Neil time and for president good Jewish boy. Yes, he really do wish Neil time It's so Jewish now what what did he play like a hundred he played? Al Jolson or something the He was in a movie called the Jazz singer the jazz singer well, why did you tell me wasn't it? Well, we call the jazz singer the original and jazz singer was Al Jolson never know what Which the guy that always played Al Jolson in the movies? Oh, what was his name? I like guy, huh? James Cagney I don't know yeah Jimmy Cagney, huh? Al Jolson always says you dirty rat Jimmy Cagney never said that by the way Final six seven. Did he say that? No, he did what about what's your name from North by Northwest? I'm gonna give you a little bit of one of these days. Hi, he never said Jewelty Jewelty did he? I think he did. I don't know. What's the what's his name? Carry Grant. Carry Grant very good. What was his real name? That's the question carry Grant. Hey carry There was a rise with a Mary. How many QAM hello? Hi, yeah, sir. Hey, giving you a call. I live for the only during my lunch hours Right, it's wondering what the doi doi guy is I've been looking to have for about a year and I'll be song parody And I have no idea what that is. You know what your hell of a lot better off You're way ahead of the game your life will be much happier. Trust me when I say you don't want to know Okay, just take it as a free gift for us. Have a great life, pal. Okay, what do we got here? We got seven And I'm looking on it. Well, they got other stuff to do later on. I'll get on here. Now, let's take that Mike mayor letter And they'll sign it. What they and they'll like make those phone call see I'm just I'm not doing it no more. I put it on there Because Mike me was obviously you know he's given it his best shot and he's going to give it a try. So it doesn't cost It's the same thing to put it on the website and encourage people he's doing a good thing and it's trying to like put their feet down But that's why you don't get anything done or Florida because the people are in a lot of land. You know, they're right Like I'm important things like is there how's going to get blown away in a couple of days? Things like that You better get your priorities straight now folks. You're going to wind up in some kind of a fascist state with some fat ass government A crooked the dysfunctional family bunch of drugs and dope addicts. WQAM hello. Anthony. Yes, sir. I got one for your folder There's all of our admiration and we'll probably get your vote. Okay Peter North. There's a straight shooter for you. Good old Peter North. Put him on there A lot of people in my and our jealous he just turned 90 by the way. Did he? WQAM hello. God, hello. Hi. Wow. That was special when it that was. Here's the weather. The keys is early at tonight into tomorrow. So the hurricane morning continues to march into the Bahamas for the Florida keys and even lower sections of Miami, David County. We have a tropical storm morning that's all right. Do you feel beach in Florida because tropical Sanctation are likely to be felt fair into South Florida. Now here's a look at the track and notice the change in intensity. What's happening is we did is coming into some very warm water. That's not going to face some strong upper level winds that would help to share it apart or break it up or diminish it in any way. The opposite effect is actually going to happen. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. The rain is going to be a little bit more dangerous than the rain. We are going to grab this and that will provide you. And we will make you some water in our water. We will do this. You can't eat this. I don't like the water. I am not going the weather. But nobody knows me. I'm just  on the water. But I should have eaten many more and I would be down there work on it later. I'm a little bit bodybar, I'm feeling it to the red, but they wouldn't touch it. I'm feeling it on. I'm in the mirror, so I'm gonna take you off. But you can't make up your mind. Let's go on here. Red Amar! Monica! I am waiting to stay in no way. Am I being funny? What's the silence? I am very hungry. You need to brush the sand off my knees. It's the all-new sub-lebrate survivor. When she nights on CVS. So, for little alien, I need to even he wanted our day down. Did you see that? I see that. 7669 votes. 1 famous living or dead person you admire most. I think it's pretty revealing the people are getting at least votes like John Adams has got up here. Bill Clinton 148, Jesus Christ 80, Albert Einstein 69, FDR 68. Did I say Ben Franklin 64? A Blinken 50, Thomas Edison 146, Jad K40, Michael Lorthirty 1, Ronnie Rageon 29, melted to research 22. Oh, she was so wonderful. Thomas Jefferson 19, George W. Bush 19, oh boy. Chagavara 17, he's what on Bush's ass. Tom Paine a dozen, George Washington 11, Cindy C. Anne 8, Jimmy Carter 7, Elvis 7, Todd with Jimmy Carter. We're seeing together. Mark 26, 10 he rose above five, Jimmy Henry's four, Timothy Lery 3, put those two together. Carl Rove, two John Adams, two, and none yet from Peter North or Leonardo da Vinci. You probably in order to caprio. How will he say I say oh no chance? Read rain from read his outer bands already, pelting, rowered into Miami. Says the essential. Look out to where I'm looking out to winter, what's sunny to me? I don't know. It's beautiful. Tropical storm morning issued for Howard and Palm Beach County's which can expect one to three inches of rain. Well, what's the big deal with that? All right. Now, like I said, it's going to be the end of the world. I'm not saying anything that's going to put, I don't want Troy Stratford coming in there on Wednesday or Thursday. I don't know. You said this and you, okay. It's going to be bad, Troy. Just like you're planning to run back. Bad. I've never clocked this morning. We had winds of 65 miles in our predicted to become a hurricane. Missouri is five o'clock this afternoon. System was about 195 miles. So he's been asked about four hundred and thirty miles. So I think he's to keep West. God is really p.o. That these are party places, man. Too many party people and God is going to if it takes five, ten, fifteen of these to get you the message. Howard schools announced no classes will be held tomorrow. And notice his been, oh, look at that. Now the sun sent us as well. No decision to been made yet. They tell him might follow suit as a stands to see if the five inches of rain. Well, that's not what the Harold says. Harold says no school in vain or Brower tomorrow. And a sun sent us to see this is the problem. How do you get information when to give you your conflicting information? Palm Beach County's also made notice in says the Ken K. At the Sun Sentinel was the on K. Posse USA. Data was placed under her cane warning as well as the flood watch. As the county still is waterlogged and cleaning up after Katrina. About 134,000 coastal data residents, many of them in the beach and keep his cane under voluntary evacuation orders. A tropical storm warning was issued for Broward and Palm Beach County's risk-human expect one of the throens is the rain most of it arriving during the late tomorrow. Most of it, anyway, will be here tomorrow. Be gone by Wednesday said Jim Lushine of National Weather Service and my mime and egg rate name. You have his changes in Jim Sunshine. That'd be some. Or Jim Shushine. Broward and Palm Beach also could see gusts to 40 miles an hour. Marginal travel storm conditions, Lushine said if there's good news, read his movie, almost 12 miles an hour. A fairly risk-clipped compared to Katrina's. It's a different law. Read his movie, almost twice the speed is Katrina's. It'll be through here in less time, you see. So I didn't like that to Sun Sentinel say no school and Broward dates thinking about it. Well, that's not what the Harold said. Who do you believe? Who do you believe in? What do we know? Nothing. With South Florida hurricane warning, it's trouble stormy to gather strength. Most major insurers have stopped writing new policies because you see with insurance companies, it's not important anywhere we're catching. It's important that they just take your premiums and that's it. Most companies will maintain the van until the warnings and watches are lifted. Citizens property insurance, the state run insurer for homeowners who can't buy insurance in the private market, isn't writing new policies throughout the state. They farm all state and nationwide. The three largest private companies, Discovery Home is in auto-insulta. Generally, we strict new coverage as soon as the warning or watch the issues for a fourth of the state. Flood insurance is available to the federal national flood insurance program, but there's a 30-day waiting period for coverage to start after homeowner purchases to cover. So they got you by the short hairs as what a bull's down. Just take a while to take care of you because God forbid they should actually have to pay. Can you imagine what's going to happen there in the Gulf Coast? Yeah. Well, don't have to lag it. I'm expecting it. I'm trying to talk about the insurance company. Yeah. Works 30-day. We got our lead. See, how can you have a pool about Carl Marl. What kind of a stupid ass pool is this? A bunch of Carl Marsson L. Castro Hugo Chaud. Carl Marsson L. Castro Hugo Chaud. I'm surprised that Clansman hasn't called in, but that Clansman's name, whatever way. Oh yeah. David Duke. No, David Duke's Kiss and Cousin. Whoever that had that was. We're going to make 800 votes on here today or what? Yeah. Really, 791. See how it dropped down as soon as I started the home about the reader. That was the end of this show. They're busy. They're running away to public. They're running away to win dixie. They're running away to 711. They're running away to you, totem. They're running away to like what you call it. Thank you for having a lot of business. They're running away to extra so they can pack their own. That's just, it's just, it's just in Europe. Most of the countries you have to like bag your own groceries or bring your Bring your own sack. Yeah. I've told you about that. Like an Albert Hein, Albert Tiny, and I'm still there. You bring your own sack or they charge you for a bag. Yeah. Well, that's why extra didn't go over the American public isn't going to put up for that. Can you imagine if they started in the supermarket? Oh, well, you've got to like either bring your own sack or a pay for your bag. I go to a place where they let me bag my own. Really? Yeah. It's not a supermarket though. You see what I mean about this guy? Always comes back to the same two things. I'm not really sure which is first. Bag in it. Yeah. He's the second and bag in it. 567. 560. I know it's right up there by that barber shop right around the corner. 560. I don't know why I always say that. I just made it up from name and stuff. It'd be like if it was near. You'll find somebody over there. He's got a good machine, man. Someone to QA and who not there. Oh, this is bad today. Someone to QA and men to the world line. Hello. I like that. You know, you could hear a radio accident there with a shot Hannity. I think I frost my ass. Yeah. He's bringing. He's talking about how they were blaming Lyndon Johnson back when he was an office because of the nonsense of the ladies and the. And the left way concerned the conservative brigade. They're trying to protect the environment stuff. I'm like, you go back to Johnson. What about this moron. 4 or 5 years ago taking the money from from the ledger project to. For local prostitution and. Yeah. And then looking for looking for the war taken. Guiding that. He didn't bring up stuff that happened two three years ago. It brings up things that happened. Well, money is to check yourself for that. Yeah. Hey, I could tell you that. You sure it. There's short. Randy was in. We already have. Whatever. Yeah. Yeah. She had tapes on and then of course the barlem's game. I'm not going to listen to the barlem's game. Well, God forbid. And. So I'm so 90 was what it was. And you know, I'm listening to you guys. I listen to radio practically every day like. Like, David 12 hours today while I'm at work. Well, thank God for you. Here's one guy that still sticks with radio. Radio is pretty much a dinosaur. Here we have a week. We need badly every morning. You guys are talking and you get a D. E. B. S. nonsense right in the middle. You haven't across up with Hank and all the hairs. What the hell's going on? It always happens to you. They said, wait, get me with me because everything is an answer. This is a way getting back. I said, I'm going to hurt my attention. My life. I can't hear it any way. So what do I care? I'm going to sign up. George, give me a sense. You. A package. Good. Yeah. What? You have no idea what I'm talking about. Some CDs are sent you in the mail. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You didn't like them all. I must work out of a loophole. Your response was that. I didn't know what they were saying. All right. Have a good weekend. Thanks, family. Maybe something like that. I don't know. Maybe something like that. I don't know. CDs and then we're doing. Can't get to CDs. Yeah, I got them. And they were good, but I forgot what they were. Yeah. Oh. All you kids listen up there. That goes to show. I don't smoke that wacky weed. Okay. Your memory will be shot. I'm supposed to be the old fart with the Alzheimer's disease. You're supposed to be dismissed. You're a hot shot middle life. Whatever. Expert on crap. I probably haven't even listened to him yet. I don't know. Yeah. Well, I heard they were great. Hey, listen to the good guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. Okay. Oh, I believe in him. Just like he did with that kind of sense. The awarding on a website. Frosted that guy. Zass, we never heard another word. He saved our ass. He kept that Eric out of jail for me. And all of them in May's food. This is new Rogers. This is 5. 16. 8. Ah, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Do you want to be all that you can be? No, good. Then you have the metal to become a soldier in the new. You're lucky, Army. All right, ladies. Today we will learn the military hard. So, through with mobilization and individual tactical estimation. Also, no less. Why did your pants end running away? Join now. And begin nine weeks of basic training in Sandokin. Where you'll learn the skills you'll need to be in a wrecky soldier. All right, soldier. Sound off. Excellent. Ah, thanks. Thank you. Thanks for having such an amazing new year, Rocky Army. We surrender more before 9 a.m. And most countries do all there. Isn't it time you became one of the few? The proud. The ill equipped. This is my white flag. There are many elected but there's one. My white flag is my best friend. Without me, my white flag is useless. Without my white flag, I am useless. The new. You're Rocky Army. We're looking for a few good men. But we'll take whoever happens to come along inside of him. 27. 20. 1, 2, and 5. 60 WQM. So, when we don't believe that, they don't know bunkers of the Sun Sino. I stole that. That's eight. They didn't grow out of cancel school tomorrow. See this is what the Harold says. They just declare, if I can't believe this hang in that. Anybody who rely on this station for information because they'd have to be crazy. But anyway, schools in Dayton, Grower will be closed tomorrow. You're what I just said. Close tomorrow. In anticipation of readers or rivals or hurricane. Both districts also cancel tonight's evening classes. Sports and extra curricular activities. After school care, we'll operate as scheduled in Browd, but we can't hold a canceled in date. Or district leaders as parents to pick their kids up at the end of the class. The end of class. Monroe County, where schools are closed at aable, or main close at least through two day. Catholics will operate by the arts dices. They might be reclosed tomorrow on a followly local district's lead. The rest of the week has folks will be said. A little rest of those alter boys. While much of their relief for that. Read is expected to go into hurricane later today. It's Iowa's forecast to slam across the keys early Tuesday to slam across the keys. Who wrote this Matthew Pinser? I wonder if he's related to Eugen Pinser, who drives it that wins a raceway? Tropical storm force wins at least 39 miles in our forecast nearly the Palm Beach County line and school buses can't safely operate in Wednesday or 35 MPH. Moreover, evacuations in the keys and ball today, evacuated orders for coastal date could require numerous schools to open their shoulders. University of Miami closed at noon. Remain closed tomorrow. No text will say, you and of course, what's new about that. FIU will close the three today. Miami dated two and same time as the University of 130 or about four minutes ago. All will still be close tomorrow. That all schools in the day and browse closely. You got that? Don't pay any attention to the sunsignal. They're talking to their, uh, Brad Pitt. Like Tom Dick at us. Survey shows more and more women experimenting with bisexuality. All right. Do you see this? No. On our website, more women, especially those in their late teens and 20s are experimenting with bisexuality over these field more comfortable. The first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that the first thing that's been happening in the early 40s, is that they're in just 10 years man, you see this is in the day got, what is that VDI Bob Bar? Of which have shown themselves not to be terribly fiscally conservative over the last several years. So their track record is not good on this, and I think what's going to happen is you're going to see, unfortunately, a lot of deficit spending, which simply then puts off the payback for all of that money, there you go. By even a little Bobbie Bar there, when at the Nasty Mustache, Hitler Jr. for women in their late teens in 20s, the percentage rose to 14% of the more recent survey, about 6% of men in their teens in 20s said they had had at least one same sex encounter. 6% there are a lot of more liars. While those have conducted the survey, to measure to protect respondents privacy, researchers say it's unclear whether the figure from men was lower because they're more likely to avoid same sex experiences, or whether they're not reporting them, not reporting them, that's so low-interruption. I mean, even if just you were a countryman, we'll report there, so we'd go sit up about 20% on the appolar's assault. It wouldn't surprise Catfowler or 27-year-old arts student who dates both women and men, if men were less likely to talk about their experiences. There's a certain higher level of discrimination for men, she said. It's a lot easier for women to have these kinds of experiences and be open about it because it's more accepted. She attends the University of Florida, she is a gator. The findings on bisexuality, L.S. by Tho American, sexual habits were taken from a national survey of family growth, which included 12,000 evidence, 71-in-person interviews, then for March 2002 to March 2003, overall, researchers said that researchers that most people have relatively few partners are in a low risk for sexually transmitted diseases. Instead of just anecdotes and stories that raise people's anxieties, I think it's best to have real numbers said, where do you measure the statistician who oversell the report? Now we have those. I wonder if he's kind of gary-mojured, grabs annoying, but not well either, by the way. When it comes to women in same-sex relationships, most researchers said it would be worth studying why young women seek sexual relationships, and whether they may be trying to avoid diseases more commonly spread through sex with men. But some experts who study sexuality, that many college students simply see experimentation, is a right of passage. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Pretty quick. If what? He's a college student. Touched down Jesus, and of course being Catholic, you can be damn sure when he's in a horny as hell. He's very safe in the academic community. No one thinks anything of it said, Elaine Rapping, a professor of American Studies at the University of Buffalo is written about sexuality. He's Rappin it. But to some extent, there's more talk than action she had in noting that the bisexuality levels become a badge of courage for some college women, even those who date only men. Meanwhile, she said men who have same sex experiences are often less likely to talk about it, perfectly. Yeah, the trend of... The trend among college women is prompted some sexual behavior, I suppose, to lightheartedly refer to the term, log or less-beated-till-graduation. Do you hear that before? Log? No. Log. I'm going to go, log-order. Less-beated until graduation said Craig Kinsey, a neuroscientist at the University of Richmond, who studies the biology of sexual orientation in gender. In other findings, the survey said that about 10% of females age is 15 to 19 and 12% of males had experienced heterosexual oral sex but not vaginal intercourse. While no earlier date were available for young women, percentages for young men and 92 were about the same. Those numbers dropped substantially for people in their 20s were more likely to have had vaginal intercourse, of course. At that point, that's a such enough of that filthy stuff because we don't want to get Joyce, including, exactly. You know, Frank Ritch, not fat rich, or a thin piece, but Frank Ritch has got a really good calm here. And it's long again from New York Times. But you see the good thing is that now that like the color said before, the time has got to think whether charging you to read the most of their calmness or everything. We don't want you out in Steffi-Watton, 4-Cout-A-49, Bucks are whatever 4950. So I laid it out. This is an out of value. And thanks again to Tom Watch's name there at, what's the guy's name at the inside radio? That you talked to one of our Friday drows? Oh, I don't know. I didn't get any. Tom Taylor, tough name, like Ted Taylor. Sure. Three, Taylor. Huh? The June Taylor dances. Thanks to Tom for routing a great ass still on and on. You ought to remind me to ask this tomorrow penetrating your question. How it is that the beast, because industry, we don't know if it checks no industry, okay? And nobody else checks inside radio that works in Ed Joine. So somewhere long lines sounds to me like a set up job. You know what I'm saying? Somebody dropped a little something. Just like that thing when a Joel Feinberg voice mail. Yeah. That even George got to listen to that. Even you got invited to that. He'll just in the whole country. You go on here and say, they're bad guys over there across this week. That's 790, they suck. This is New Rock. That was Joel. We like Joel a lot. This is five single years to be open. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You go on here. You goazu, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe... Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe... Actually we always see each other. Actually we always see each other. Like Erlang. There's nothing left. It's nothing left. Or it needs to be decided into a short part. There's some here. Make Keto summer there's no longer mention of Her name is loaded but no one seems good signed off A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel is administration That control is my favorite through the E.M. An evaluation and a right wing is really good over and over into our head And I ragged as a Webbing of Master Uction The loss of civil rights is done Price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the Ash Prop is saved I have nothing to hide People talkers all are saved I know be a catadult don't have any reserved issues Out of provoked battle and world and violation Old regime must fall and have a virgin and so With no objection at all Tell the crackstone have the balls and the right wing is really good over and over Still a parade wise pants I ragged as a webbing of Master Uction Only I ragged as a webbing of Master Uction Well, Master Uction was actually in place the answer to the question Oh, I'll be gonna have some weather expert on with them right across who is we is the station I have to have to have to have to have to have to have sports to all ball games I don't know the tight in some of course if we have like a bad storms and ball games get rained out And they get moved around stuff like that all these things So anyway, they're like they're probably like head in their vets after screwing up the last time and they didn't browse I would just bend down a hatches and hope for the better Bye bye