9.5080 on QA and wrap it up. Can I get to this Marlon's Batboy story? Please. So on a dare from Dodgers pitcher Brad Penny, what a mature guy he is. He-he-he-he wasn't a mom. He dared to Marlon's Batboy to drink a gallon of milk in under an hour and not throw up. Penny offers a Batboy 500 bucks if he could do it. Penny, Penny told to Miami Harold that the boy drank the milk and didn't throw up. But didn't finish the gallon in the allotted time. By the way, once the milk is out for like a 40 minutes I ain't drink it anymore. And the kid gets a 16 suspension from the Marlon's. For doing this on a Y and Brad Penny is a great quote. You get 10 names for steroids and 16s for milk. Where's the laughter? The-the-thank you. I was expecting a little said, wasn't real. He said the matter. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Vines. He's a good guy. He is reeber. He's a good guy. That's nice. Then he's not a good guy. Often sharp. He's sharp as a marble. You can't get out of here. What do you do then? Do I like him? No, I don't do. If I do. Unless you will tell me you like rimmer. Not to see rimmer anymore. He did. They're coming down there. Yeah. He was a good guy. the little stingy just a little stingy in the end otherwise we got yeah big mouth right in that he's a stingy and very train but he's not a bad I if remember so he's been a trader by the way he's the Eric Reed a hockey I just thought I mentioned he's gonna be your counterpart doing the TV yes he's a very nice guy red wing guy and the ESPN guy and he does a good job except he talks to his teeth which I just I can't stand like Eric Reed I'm like our Josh Cortis used to do that and every now and then the last is back in with that talk to his teeth really yeah I never actually called that I never actually called that I didn't realize that money bigger service and a little more carefully I'm trying to do that now I had a lot of a fact I got a fantastic couple of new bits today I thought right as a start which I think you'll enjoy tremendously knowing how much you hate that certainly see what do I always tell you about hate despise that's a very very strong or you file come on yeah oh that's that's fine I got no problem with that come on Kelly one do I will not do it I will not do it do it do it right actually have a nice day I got a swim you would name yourself okay how do you say swims okay try and make it don't play the open no kill it for very very long time they're also reminding people that once the storm passes the careful of standing water it could be filled with and contaminated with bacteria broken glass even hidden power lines there have been tragedies in the past it's maybe the bogey man might be in there too there's Susan candy out he's the only person at CNN we like she's a sweetheart don't we like her lot we do just to go to show you that nothing is perfect on the other side of the screen they got Mrs. Versalimba oh brother look at that bitch are you actually like her a little bit I thought she was okay she never stole her free train I thought she was kind of like a milligmin as I mean the benign that she's tainted now she or tainted not too much wind damage but again too early to say all right you know the same storm expected a short and I'd early tomorrow I mean while at the scum mouths the other the weather guy whatever his name is Chad the Chad Miles he's there he is bad good wonder when it gets like all the sightest hope she's in a building not holding her little he's going to get what you start to find it way yes you know something he's right it is making kind of like a wobble and it could go to the south this one the strangest things ever seen but anyway here's the ideal Katrina slowly getting better organizers moves westward towards southeastern Florida on I never played the wild baffled man okay what I never played the bitch right I think is I want to like get into this I don't because I want to pretend like we have some idea what's going on a hurricane warning remains in effect for the southeastern Florida coast from Viral Beach South where the Florida City including Lake Okotobi where is that Okotobi Okotobi our hurricane warning orders Bob she for whether hurricane report a hurricane warning means that we know that a tropical storm warning remains an effect for the northwest Bahamas is if we care about them hubby and dreary a tropical storm watch remains an effect for each central Florida coast from north of Viral Beach northward to Titusville including all of my right island and for the middle of upper Florida keys from the west asked end of the southern mile bridge northward to the south of Florida City a tropical storm watch is also an effect for the Florida west coast from Florida City to angle would include in Florida Bay a tropical man we know what it means why they always have to say here's what it means like we're a bunch of idiots okay like we haven't been through this 80 million times they know you are very sure certainly not out of this storm you could be on the bad side of the oh yeah that's right you could be on the and any practice morning there we mother advisory in 11 the center of tropical storm Katrina was located in your letter to 26.2 north longitude 79.0 west about 30 miles south south west or free port grand Bahama island about 70 miles east of Fort Lardardale but now it's like two hours later so it's like see there look at that he's still showing all those possible or radar models they can figure out where this thing is loblin maximum sustained winds near 50 miles an hour with higher gusts additional strengthening is possible today and and Katrina could reach category one a week category one hurricane strength before the center reaches the southeast and coastal Florida tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 70 miles from the center and automated observing station at settlement point a grandma home report to sustain winds of 43 miles an hour with a gust of 50 and report on grand Bahama island also report to sustain winds of 43 the estimated minimum central pressure is 999 millibars storm surge flooding a four to six feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous battering waves can be expected near into the north of where the center makes landfall of Florida storm surge flooding a three to five feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous battering waves can be expected near the center in areas of onshore winds in Bahamas man do with slow forward speed Katrina is expected to boost significant heavy rainfall event over the northwest Bahamas in south Florida with total rainfall accumulations of six to ten inches and isolated maximum amounts isolated 15 inches possible earlier they were saying like 20 inches then they were same 15 now it's six to ten which is still a lot but the no reason to panic you know there was no go out there and start filling up your gas tank and get all that out of shape right at least if you had a vehicle I was operating which is isn't maybe that's an active god maybe got his that that's a way of his protecting your your ass yeah protecting that's what he's doing to be keeping you out of on the monoggy your expensive vehicle involved in the storm like getting all flooded out when in doubt because you know what happens once the car gets water inside of a throw it out okay I don't know how that or so could be an accident in your pants in the car you traded in the next day you do not grab that thing again no matter how well you know there's just no way at least psychologically to get out of there so at any rate I'm looking at that uh... radar and i'll keep an eye peeled on it but i would uh... start doing whatever you're going to do right now which is not like panic you know i'm saying i'm dying whatever uh... things you're going to be doing i would do an accident uh... going to be sooner rather than later okay all the Iraqi parliament will not meet on the constitution today because of the debate that it would put them up and they're to busy a killing each other as a matter of fact in surgeons who mustered back that state they sophisticated and well coordinated strike against police checkpoints yesterday leaving fourteen dead and dozens wounded meanwhile in the southern city of magia fighting between followers of she i cleric mokata al-sada and administrators are five more people dead and ten wounded but that everything is going really well okay all we're far going tremendously well fact to go in so well that more than uh... fifteen hundred peritrippers are headed to a direct temporarily boost military strength during the fall elections the tenagon has announced things are going so well if there's any more because we need to go under control and i had some tremendous planning for all these things and for the civil war that's already going on as i speak i should probably play that note you Oh, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy okay, here's George's pull from Amsterdam. I wishä»– could change 8535. Okay, George's pull from Amsterdam. could change 835 votes which obviously you had a lot more of stuff in the fact that you weren't competent. No, I literally mentioned it like why you had other things going on like a silly asshole we're taking a day I'm not gonna like you're gonna get all our goal for the full of days hundred votes. I would have to change my weight 252 my member size 187. Well I feel better because that was my vote and I had a lot of company obviously. What you're talking about weight right? No. My here 85 my height 77 my address 65 oh oh oh oh oh especially now I'm thinking like oh should wonder how come I'm here you know what a tropical swamp my my Merital status 57 my face 37 my parents 22 my gender 17 I nationality 17 my skin color 10 and my boobs size 9. Hmm that's because we don't have a lot of women's. We forgot age so we said an email saying. A really good that would be excellent. I vote for that. Yeah, I age and member size or just super size sounds good super size. But it's after 10 will keep you posted on what's happening with this whole hurricane and the hazard rights not a hurricane yet but it's headed over those real warm tropical waters you know what I'm saying and it's gonna start picking up steam. I don't know what you're like that. As if you're not used to it okay a lot of rain and some winds not heavy winds though this isn't one of those kind of things. So it's no reason to like extra panic I would put the panic level at about a 4.5 on a scale of 10. Would you say okay I'll say no as opposed to like a man in the sky's falling the world is coming to win kind of thing just calmly by some batteries. That's right by some batteries go out there and get your plywood you don't have to put the plywood up just to drift around on it. Yeah you may float around on it and of course some of the people out there can float already. God Yeah God Those losers Now she's a star, famous naked people There's cotton fairows calling famous naked people I care I don't like them young Look what they do Making these days to revive all the crappy careers Everyone is, they're bumping on me And when you think that it just could not get anywhere Here comes redder, famous naked people Oh my God, you're hot on my face, pretty young famous naked people We stay put on some clothes Shame on you for sure, off your worst predators Ten eighteen and five sixty-one We got a hundred and seventy nine votes on today's pool Which is not very important, okay? It's the Pat Robertson, you know, followed over that It's flowed from it Which is not a big important? Well speaking of a religious nuts And here and I don't know A fourth A mom named Tammy Bruey Not me to do it A hundred and seventy nine votes, which religious nut you hate the most And you just heard his voice, George Zabity Boyce whose famous line Well the more is, we'll live for all time seventy four votes Lewis Veracan 23 is not going to catch the bushmaster Here you go pick it on those dark folks again Jerry Falwell 20, 20 Pat Robertson's only got seventeen in spite of his collar Was assassinated Hugo Chavez Tencent Jackson 11 There you go pick it on Al Sharpen eight, there you go Jimmy Swagrod eight James Thompson seven From Hookas Pocus focus on your family The Pope seven, he got my vote Dr. D James Kennedy three from the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church of Hate and anti-Semitism And none of them, I'm religious nut one We got one religious nut out there Okay, who's going, and I'm sure I know who that is And anyway speaking of that Anyway, conservative religious broadcast And we better talk fast, George, because we got a volume Pregame of one of the marlins on deck Well, it's at the brewer's They lost in the lucky again last night's six to four Am I right, Josh? That's right That's not good No, it's not And I'm going to tell you, you think that I Or a winderman is boring, my fridge, you know, I mean, I were a winderman seem like a Mexican Jumping bean and heat, that's how terminal he is Oh my god, that eight to nine hour You're welcome Joe Rose, by the way, we handed right over to you Here, just put it on a silver platter I hand the entire sports audience, the sports their audience Right over to Joe, he, in fact, that's the ticket Eight to nine hour, I mean, this Clarence and anybody else who participated in that Madness, oh my goodness I don't want to start, you know, give my opinion about anything What do you know? Boy, that is swell Well, that's because that's because I got to chance to hear a little bit of that this morning Which I hear every now and then when like kids are out of school Like they are right now And so George comes in a little bit later than usual So I get to your Hank or this morning guilty And there's, oh my goodness, ma'papapapapapapapapaba Oh geez, just, hey Mike, you're not a bad guy I'm sure, but you are terminal coma inducing You are so boring, you could put a cattle of cockroaches to sleep I heard, so what I heard? Conservative religious broadcast, your Pat Robertson, a Apologize yesterday and I hear he's the best part of this whole Apologies, he's a freaking liar and then later in a broadcast He had like, well, maybe I did say that And he just a liar, you're a crazy person And there's two men in the, uh, Lening's following this Maniac sin in their money Well, you know, that diamond minting didn't work out We were well in Africa and then the gold mining in Library didn't work out to what was buddy Charles Taylor So he's got a, you know, make the big bucks from these And two million old, uh, coots up there, the old coots Conservative religious broadcast, your Pat Robertson, a Apologize for calling for the assassination Then I'll throw him in prison and Hugo Chavez during Mondays broadcast of a 700 club program Is it right to call for assassination? No, and I apologize for that statement, he said in a written statement Earlier, here's the best part, earlier Robbison, of course We've all used to the clip, right? Yeah, yeah, how many times we all see? But first of all, the radio, earlier Robbison said as remarks about Chavez, we're taking out a contest that he never called for the killing of the Latin American leader. I didn't say assassination, I said our special forces should Take him out and take him out can be a number of things, including Kidnapping. There were a number of ways to take on a dictator From power besides killing him. I was misinterpreted by the Associated Press, but that happens all the time, Robbison said On the 700 club. And then, of course, uh, we've all seen the clip And then he had a later retract because somebody said, And he also said, uh, here's the, uh, There's that quote. If he thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we really ought to go ahead and do it. Do it. So, a whole lot cheaper than starting a war, a assassinate. That was a war. We ought to go into, we have the ability to take him out. And I think that the time has come, that we exercised that ability Robbison said, we don't need another 200 billion dollar Wording, we're going to one strong arm dictator. And so, a whole lot easier to have some of the covert operatives do the job And then get it over with. Take him out, assassinate. Take him out to dinner. Yeah, take him out for a meal. Take him out to a bath in a hot shower and then, uh, And shave it and then still the throat. Man, you, so the poll today is what religious nothing has to do with Hate the most, that's so why we're doing it. Because he's crazy and there are a lot of, you know, There are whole religious things. It's the vein of my existence. The fact that there's so many, including a lot of you folks out there, I know you can't help it because you were brainwashed very, very thoroughly and very well By your parents when you were young and by the, uh, religion Nazis. So you just can't help yourself because they took away that part of your brain, which allows you to realize What a pile of crap at all is it a bunch of man made BS because they simply people are afraid to die. They're afraid to say I'm dying on the hand. And so therefore, whether it's the Muslims or the Jews or the Goyama or whoever it is. Oh, yeah, you're going to like live in heaven. You're going to be up there with God. Are you going to be up there with a virgin's at your right? You're going to be rotting in a box and that's it. So enjoy yourself right now And cut the crap and stop acting like some kind of a See that most people are emotional cripples, you know. Oh, yeah. In fact, I'm thinking of somebody who is in this morning, who's a nice guy, but he's, uh, You're fair and emotional cripple. I was thinking about him when I was shaving this morning. Finn is, I don't want to go one of the details, but I was thinking about, but just emotional cripple, you know. I'm sorry. I had to volume up on the TV. Finn is one of the present in Hugo Chavez. Papi would have poured home offered I yesterday, the two day, the help, Navy Americans would cheap supplies a gas. We want to sell gasoline, the heating fuel directly to Poor communities in the West, the popperlessly to reporters be into visit to communist Run Cuba. Chavez didn't say how then if the way I would go about providing gasoline to Poor communities, then as women state or company, PDVSA on CIPCO, which has 14,000 gas stations in the USA and I guarantee that Pat Robertson A chicken O'CIPCO gas in his thing. The offer may sound attracted to Americans feeling pinched by soaring prices at the pump and not to the US government, which sees Chavez as a left-wing troublemaker of light America. Let's take them out. Gasoline is cheaper than mineral water and oil producing than FW, where consumers can fill their tanks for less than two bucks. Your paying almost three bucks a gallon and they can fill a whole tank for less than two bucks. Ambrage gas prices have risen to 261 a gallon of US. That's for like regular, like low-test, for like half water down. Chavez said that his weather could supply gasoline to Americans at half the price and I'll pay if intermediaries who speculated and exploited consumers were cut out. Then as witness of class Cuba would generously finance or on-premise telecarbons in the nation's foot-to-or-or-oil bills. Chavez incubated a contender graduation of Cuban trained doctors from 20 different countries with seen off of the airport by Cuban president Fidel Castro. Welcome to A-Blood. Watched and secuse the two leaders of being a destabilizing influence in South America so we better take them both out. Chavez and Castro offered a give former conspiracy health care and trained doctor's free of charge. All of those terrible things. Now, guess who were the first ones to sign on to Venezuela's oil plan for the Caribbean after Fidel of course of course. Let me give you a clue, man. Jamaica. Jamaica became the first Caribbean nation to finalize and agreement with Enathaway law on a new plan for the South American nation to supply world to countries throughout the region under the low market terms. Prime Minister PJ Carlisamo, a PGA Patterson, emerged from a private meeting with Venezuela and President of the United States of America. And he wrote Chavez late Tuesday to announce the details of Jamaica's participation in the Petro-Caribbe Initiative and plan to offer oil at flexible terms to 13 Caribbean nations. Under the agreement with Venezuela will provide oil at a discounted rate of $40 a barrel compared with more than 60, it's about 66 and an al-Kast on the world market. How do you like that? So even though Jamaica is mine, they're getting a good deal. I don't want to take it over. I don't want to take it over. Back to it. That's where we're getting an thank you again, Mr. President. Before I forget for those low bargain baseman gas prices, if we could find that pump that call that day, that was like, you know, back during the campaign last year for the presidential election. Or was it maybe it was longer ago than that. Maybe it was right after the Racketack. Right. The illegal amount of Regis and buttress and slaughtering a Racketack based on a pile of lies. I think it was right back then. And it pump calls it, oh thank you Mr. President for the good luck. So, as soon as you of course, we're going to stick our here up to the oil, we'll refine reason and a Racket. Surprise, even their standing online for two, three hours to get gas in a ride because of the fact it's all screwed up. And because the insurgents keep like setting the pipelines on fire all of these, everything. We got to fight them terrorists. Because the country's in the K.I. 27 after 10, so we got the Marlon pre-game in one. No more today. What a good break he catches. So don't don't don't don't don't don't. It looks like the eye of the storm is right off in his house as a matter of fact, right by his place. And you want him to like his God is PO to certain people. Marlon's at the brewer is a 205 pre-game at 130, thank the Lord. Curtis Stevenson follows the baseball game. Hurricane Hotline at 7, what are we? I held an audience for that. Followed by the beast from 9 to 10. Oh, he's still alive and then the 80 Kaplan show tended to. That's our award winning line up here at W.Q. M. and we apologize in advance. That the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. March. We'll close in never saying to the Granger. But he's singing now on the hot new CD. Bill Clinton proves his favorite tunes. featuring the former president's versions of classic hits like this one from Pay Floyd. Come in here, dear girl, have a cigar, you're gonna go far. Oh, the way I hope. Till Clinton proves his favorite tunes. Also in Pooot, this great beatle song. Monica Blue and Skies sings over white, but she knows how to act on a date. Yes, he was great. And this, the type party tracks from the pitchwriter on the Detroit wheels. She's the intern with the blue dress, blue dress, blue dress, intern with the blue dress on. Wow! Please, till I found the zipper. If you find Liverpool, when the oval office was rocking and nobody bothered knocking, then get your copy of Bill Clinton proves his favorite tunes today. When a history of the human race is written, they'll discover that the USA had impeachment proceedings against the president for lying about his sexual addicts. And we got a president who's got more blood on his hands than Carter's got pills. But it would be pretty good to have a life goes on. It's worth it. It's well worth it because you're a hell. This P-9 business, the project for New American Century is certainly anybody out there with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. You have a life weed up on it, a little bit. I know we've been sunny about that for years, but maybe right now you'd find out that long before there was any 9-11. They already had all these plans to do all these things. All of these things. They need a spray. Yeah. And of course, one of the things that they said in order to get the public to go along with their plans would be to have it kind of like a Pearl Harbor like catastrophe hat. Yeah. You don't mean like 9-11, do you? Well, my God. Wow. And then you write, probably take a call or two today. Now I'm sure that we're not going to get dead use. We're going to get dead use was rain. In fact, I'm looking at that Doppler radar right now. And it's looking like blobby, baby. Bobby said it's looking blobby. All along east coast. Look at that. Another reason not to be in that tropical swamp. Big blob up there by Tom and Oveech. In fact, there's a big blob right over the racetrack right now. Now I guess it would be a bad place to say who it might be because he's no longer with us, but nevertheless, you know, I'm saying what he said. My big blob friend that used to be a pomp and a park all the time. Oh, yeah, that would be sad. Miss him already. Good guy. Big blob over Miami and where you are, it's it's coming. It's coming. It's really. And sooner rather than later, I want to just repeat that again because this business about well overnight, I'm starting ready for like some stuff like old four five six o'clock this afternoon. I mean, what else could I possibly know sitting up here looking out to window with that beautiful sunshine and about 72 degrees right now? What could I possibly know? Where? WKOM. Hello. KOM. Thank you. Yes, sir. That's the first attack on the trade center in 93. They had threatened to come back. Right. We were too busy with penis gay to keep up with these on beat. Mm-hmm. So that's why I just said. How many Q.A.M. hello? Yes. It's an appalli. Okay, Palli, what's up? Two things. We're all like on a technology cutting edge here, but if they would have had this technology back in the 50s and 60s and things, it's just all relative. I mean, I'm in a farming related industry and this is going to whatever happens is going to go back into the golf reform and produce nationwide, the distributors and you know, they're on pins and needles trying to make sure they're going to have product and they don't even know if they're going to have product. But everybody has this top of the radar now. It's just amazing. Yeah. That's 10 years old. I have a friend in the military. He says every 10 years, we released stuff to the, they had this 10 years ago in the government. And we're having this technology now. Thanks for taking the call. Okay. I've ever raped it. I had 10 years ago, but in the meantime, but to be put about, well, they do whatever they want, you know? Your government lies. They cheat. They steal. They rape you. They take your money. They take your property with that imminent domain crap. Whatever the hell they want, they just go ahead and do it. And you're like powerless. And if you want to speak out now, what's upon a time? It could speak out. And if you speak out now, like Cindy, she and then a Schmerium man. It's new Schmerium. They dump all over you. And immediately bring out a bunch of other red. Like the, you know, the Carrie Schmerjard they did. What was one of the call that group, the Zeeboat veteran's group? For a business right wing, a liar. Yeah, they're almost as honest as Pat Robertson. But I quite. Oh, he didn't say anything about assassinate. Line nine. It's always good for a hoot. Q. I am. Hello. Yeah. Like I said, line nine. I think we ought to take off the phone, don't you? Uh huh. That's probably a good idea. Just mention it. Fantastic. WQAM. Hello. It's my birthday. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, what a shame, huh? I know there was some other reason beside the storm to pull your head down. Being great to smay. WQAM. Hello. Oh. Like I said, there are going to be a lot of good calls today because these people today are saying one thing basically. I have no right. The first couple were all right, like human being. First kind of repeated back to me when I just got to your saying. WQAM. Hello. Can we work between initial compressor? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I got out and try. Yeah. I think I'm hitting that. Ha ha ha. Now I'm sorry, man. But when you got penny nonson your pants. Ha ha ha. Yeah. You better watch you. You're going to get penny from heaven. Two or three anyway. So I'm looking at that Doppler radar. I'm looking at how he would. I bet you lay tub and how he would is going to be doing much of business today. And you're probably relieved to be able to do it. Because it seems like they don't want to be doing a lot of business. You know what? Get that trying to get all those people to go over there. We those re-reviews about and then we got those fancy just dumping all over them. Which they ought to be pleased about that. That'll be very happy because they don't want to like too much business. They'll be able to find out if they're still making those cheaper goods or never did it. Well, I'll be there. So swim over there today and the fight out for us. 240 votes, which religion is not to you hate the most George W. You've got to watch one. 404. How do you like that? W. Newsphericon 27. Jerry Falwell 26. Pat Robertson 25. Five Lyr, thief, maniac, crook, serious crook, Jesse Jackson 15. James Thompson 11. Jimmy Swagger 10. Al Sharpton 9. The Pope 8. D. James Kennedy 4. Violent. And none of them. I'm religious not. Sullivan, they all know. We got one religious not out there. Hmm. Twenty-before 11 at 5. 50. W. Kuhem. We got that Marlon pre-game at one-third day. All we can say about that is. Oh. Yeah. Although you got lucky on Monday, man, with a pre-game show at 12. 30. And just to show that they don't want to overdo it for you, they pre-game tomorrow as a 12. 145. So you only get a 50 minute of a pre-game. And then Clarence says to me, well, yeah, with all this, of course he was only, he was making a George, but I think he had other things in mind when he was making a... You're crazy. You said it. But, oh, yeah, how about doing a show tomorrow, Neil? Well, you know, in fact, I'll be here nice and dry and out of the harms way, etc. And some of you people won't, you know, you have to like swim to work. And I said, too bad. Yeah. Actually, the answer is... No. Yeah. And he just kept waking it, George, which got George a little bit unsettled. I'm sorry, Pauline. Get ready for the wildest girls gone wild ever. It's girls gone wild. Above girls gone wild. There, there is proof of that shit and so on. Oh! Not a teacher to treat us like sex objects. You've never seen a girl gone wild, but to sure contest like this. And get a spray with his hands. And I'm gonna spray you with butt. Nothing makes girls go wild. Quite like the whole idea behind girls gone wild. Hey, have some time to go on girl action. We're not just Caroline's girl action, right here. To water girls gone wild, above girls gone wild, to call 1-800-SHOW, shut the... Shows you wild. Oh. 1045 is 560, and that would be easy about to say. Yes, something like that. I got to 11 o'clock in advisory. See how my top of this stuff. You know, like always. How many of these things have we been through already? Not 30 minutes. 30,000 of these hurricanes. Another reason to get that out of sound photo while you're still alive. Okay, while you still have a chance while you're still heavy your life. Life and limb and whatever. Right? Right. Between it gradually strengthening is it moose slowly westward across the Florida Straits towards southeast Florida. Oh, my God. A hurricane warning remains an effect for the southeast Florida coast from here will be southward of Florida City, including Lake Okechobee. A tropical storm warning remains an effect in for the Grand Bahama Island, Bimini and the very islands in the northwest Bahamas. The warning has been discontinued for the remainder of the northwest Bahamas. So, you want to swim out there and check the casinos out. The hotel's there are at any rate. A tropical, I don't want to talk about the Bahamas. Everything smells like wet dog. A tropical storm, much remains an effect for the east central Florida coast from north of the Viro Beach, northward to Tattisville, including Allamir at Island and for the middle and upper floor to keys from the west and the southernmost northward to the south of Florida City. A tropical storm also is an effect for the Florida west coast from Florida City to Anglewood, including Florida Bay. And 11 o'clock this morning, the center of the Toronto storm Katrina was located in your latitude 26.2 north Longitude 79.3 west or about 55 miles east of Fort Latterdale. Oh, my God. Katrina is moving toward the west near six miles an hour. It's slow down a little bit, but it's still, uh, keeping along. This general motion is expected to continue with some decrease in forwards feed during the next 24 hours. So there you go, Chad, Fort Myers. See, he's the one that's telling us, oh, it's going to be sooner rather than later, uh, it's slowing down, which is not good because the slower it goes, the more rain it's going to drop, right? Don't like that. On this track, and this is from the National Weather Service, so I trust them more than I trust any jackass on CNN, any long-sack of crap, Chad, Fort Myers or Scott Miles or Brian, or that simple bubble head solely dead. Oh, my God. On this track, the center should be near or over the southeast Florida coast ladders tonight early Friday morning, so I apologize for being influenced by this jackass on the run CNN. Whatever they tend, it's a pack of lies. They suck. We do like Susan Candy, the other net. If like a H bomb fell on CNN and took him all out. Yeah, what did that take him out, right? Right. We would have a party week celebrate. Tropical storm force wind extend outward to 70 miles from the center, automated observing station at settlement point in grandma, and we recently reported to stay at winds of 33 miles an hour. Well, what would we do? What's the big stimulus with that, right? 33 miles an hour? I think that's a shake of coconut. The estimated minimum central pressure is 997 milibars storm surge flooding of two to four feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous, battery waves can be expected near into the north of where the center makes landfall in Florida. Storm surge flooding of two to four feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous, battery waves. I'm dying on the air. Can also be expected areas of unsure winds and the Bahamas. Storm surge values will gradually decrease in the Bahamas later today, as this thing blows by. Due to its slow forward speed, Katrina's expected to produce a significant heavy rainfall of energy northwest Bahamas and South Florida. Turtle rainfall accumulations of 60 to 10 inches with isolated maximum amounts of 50 inches are possible. I isolated tornadoes are possible over southern Florida and the Florida Keys. Oh my God. Repeating the 11A in opposition 26.2 north 79.3 west moving near west near 6 miles an hour. And it's said it's over. Next one is at let's see. One o'clock. The next advisor. We'll be right on top of that. I'd like to think on Greg. We'll be right on it. One way? Yeah, let's have it. Do you want to go in? Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes. Hey, no, it's up. Please, Brooklyn Joe. Oh yeah, how you doing, Brooklyn Joe? Good. I was just over by, uh, popping old down. I was driving on power line and I'd bet over there. Now it's the rain and so what's the big semis, right? Yeah, what's the big deal? I love it. I came with her anyway. Yeah, there you go. It's good. Good day to go outside and the stand. Hold on to something electrical. We're going to dig. Grab some of those power wires. Right? Do it. Do it. Put your out of your misery. Oh, speaking of misery, Doug Thompson from the Iran. He's the father and publisher of fantastic. Web site capital hill blue that is George's favorite. Yes. That's and the coward that a great column was on our website. I believe that we put it on for today. Josh. Yes. That's and the coward. That's sure it's right to the point. He doesn't. He doesn't pull any punches. Man, oh, BS. In fact, this is about BS. The man who decided American veterans by hiding out from the Vietnam War and Texas National Guard added and installed the injury this week by shamelessly invoking memories of those who died in a war as a pathetic excuse to continue his illegal and field war in Iraq. Bush's lame attempt to discuss the veterans attending the VW annual convention in Salt Lake City that many of them more BS protect your earmuffs during his speech to the group on Monday. Oh, get your BS protect your earmuffs out. Especially if you have a meeting at QAM. Memo to the dimwood now living at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue when the vets will actually foster their country stop buying your bullshmid during a lot of trouble. Truth is veterans especially those who served in Vietnam have long this trusted W. They know he hit out from the war using his daddy's connections to get bumped to the head of the line to get in the air. The Texas Air National Guard to avoid serving in Southeast Asia. They've seen the enlistment documents where he opted out of overseas service and extra step to make sure he stayed state side during the war. Real veterans can smell a coward and Bush stinks like a dead rotting carcass. Yellow threw in through a cardboard. Yellow threw in through a cardboard cowboy who can sign an executive order setting a mercenaries and women to their deaths in Iraq. But one who didn't have the courage to stand up and fight for his country when he had a chance. Many vets joined in the patriotic server that followed the 911 terrorist attacks and supported our military action to Afghanistan. They tried to bring out kind of leader Osama bin Laden to justice. Some back the invasive Iraq choosing to leave Bush's justification for war. Justifications are turned out to be manufactured evidence and outright lies. Now more and more vets see Bush for what he is a line sniveling coward who doesn't deserve to be called commander in chief. They see a man who sent Americans to die in a war based on false pretenses. And now has the goal to try to invoke the memories of real heroes to try and rationalize his illegality immorality in cowardice. They don't buy it. Why should they? They serve their country in a war. He didn't. He had out like a spoiled little rich kid afraid to stand up and face the enemy. Ironically and sadly the coward who used the National Guard to avoid service and conflict is now the present who sends a reserve in guard units to fight and die in his own dirty little war. The veterans know Bush sold out this nation. It's honorable and significant by invading a country that posed no immediate threat to this nation. And waiting for war that didn't need to be fought. They know the blood of more than 1800 Americans 1874 by the way. More than 1800 Americans forever stains the hands of a coward named Bush and every fool who supports him in his war. They also see Bush as the president who cut their benefits reduced their cost of living allowances and centrufs in a battle without proper equipment armor or safeguards. The veterans who served their country have no use for someone who did not. They have no use for George W. Bush. They're like that. I was at message from Mark. That's right. That's the accurate percentage by the way. You know, a human child is not only has he got a 70% approval rating, but he got 70% percent of the votes in the election and then. And then the best part of that is that the right winger is so saying, Oh, yeah, but that was a fixed election. And believe you may have anybody knows about fixed elections. They're the ones. They're the expert. They had the expert T's. God forbid we should have our fixed fixed election in the USA. Mark says today George Bush is approval rating is a 46% I saw 38% the pull we had under the other day. It wasn't a judge. 38% I don't remember. Yes. Through approval through approval. Post of Venezuela. Hugo Chavez is a 70% anyway. We can make a trade. We'll even throw in Dictane and Proud Alisa to sweeten the deal. I say it sounds like a match made in heaven. We get those low gas prices too. What do you say? Let's get you a Chavez in their right away. Or at least Caesar Chavez gets some cheap lettuce. What? Oh, look at that statement Robertson says, Quote, is it right to call for assassination? No. I apologize for that statement. I've spoken frustration. I ain't pounding you. I ain't getting any statement. How can they have always silly broads on your reading the newsman? It's embarrassing. She got about as much credibility, especially since he married that Lard has to pop in right wing hypocritical phony. That Dr. Shaphing piece of turd. They're in King and my ass. So you got to 11 o'clock advice. We did a lot of rain and a little bit of wind and 33 miles an hour. That one of the gusts there. Where was it in somewhere in the Bahamas? And of course, guys try to blow them off the face of the map and I don't blame him. What do you say? In fact, if he was smart, he would take them out too. Like Pat Robertson says, when it does, just take them out. And starting October 1st, it's already the 25th of August. Let's hear it. Man, October 1. When it does, take them out and flow it down. Another good reason not to be in that damn state. Oh, man. You look at somebody cross side or like he gave them a look that they don't appreciate. They just blow your crap away anyway. Pat asked Governor says, nice job. Well done. Crazy. Oh, speaking of the war and right wingers. The cross the American Legion, using the VFW are a bunch of old toads. The American Legion, which has 2.7 million members has declared war on anti war protesters. And the media could be next speaking at its National Convention in Honolulu, which Hawaii, by the way, was the first state just passed a bill to put in gas cap prices. Good. A cap on gas. Not on your gas cap, but a cap on gas or whatever. Although, who the hell can afford to live there anyway? If you can afford to live in a while, you don't need a cap on gas prices. I mean, it just costs arm and ten legs. Anyway, speaking at its National Convention in Honolulu, the group's National Commander of the American Legion, California, and the all public protests and media events against the war, even though they're protected by the bill. Whoever heard a such business, these are supposedly the self-proclaimed patriots. Yeah, the American Nazis. Yeah, and all and end well protests. Now, they're just who step along the U.V. The American Legion will stand against anyone in any group that would demoralize our troops or worsens. See, that's always the excuse. All of you are against the war. You demoralizing the troops, right? Maybe that's why 58,000 kids came home and body bags and Vietnam. Our worse endangered their lives by encouraging terrorists to continue their cowardly attacks against freedom-loving peoples. Thomas Catamus, National Commander told delegates that the group's National Convention in Honolulu, the delegates voted to use whatever means necessary to ensure the United backing of the American people to support our troops and the global war on terrorism. They'll take whatever steps our necessary. When a dash of people don't think you are, if you like protests, not pile a crap. Fun sure, see now old coots with a soy-ass camp stay where? Is that the American Legion of the VFW or both? I think they both were. They broke out their own head gear. See, it's the battle of the head gear again. I have always told you. 1057, well, it seems like this show is going to end like we were earlier, like about one-third in the... That's a shame. I'm making part of it. I said a wish. That's what I mean. It'll be one-third in before you know it. Before you can say, I'm dying on the hands. This is the Neil Roger's shell. Let's go to the door door door. This is your plan. What the fuck? Any questions? I feel so man that I can't refrain all my... Let's go meet a big cheger. He's just a pair of lips. We don't train all the time. Let's go meet a big cheger. Don't stop me up. Don't pull me down. Don't pull me down. I could have fun knocking him down the ground. The ground is an old time. Let's go meet a big cheger. He's a little blind man, Megan. Let's go meet a big cheger now. It's a screw. You. Man, hit cheger. He's had better shot up fast. Because if you don't all have to open a big old channel, what pass? Hey, Jenny. Tell me that what pass can't open her? Hey. The stones turn on my side. No they ain't. The stones turn on my side. No they ain't. They say that they don't. Like not for policy. They ain't. I don't know Jack. I play very well and crack. And they play. Not playing talk and crack. How about me? Hey. Did you hear something? If I said one, I figured they're all like in the same vein. So why not like a bunch of them together, right? When it does lump them out? Absolutely. It sounds like a medley. So I'm looking at the short term, the short range loop right now. The radar. Yep. And that's the chat for Myers. Whatever it is, name is on CNN. I went over to MSNBC because CNN is just a forecrap. He's like, he's about as accurate on that as he wasn't at your Friendship that over and the runaway person. He hasn't got any idea what he's talking about. What is sort of the event system? Moving billions of gallons of water in order to create more space. Just in case we get those forecasted by to 10 it. 10 inches with that possible 10 inches of maximum. See, I think that there's a great slogan in my put them on a map. Because every day it caused me to be a teacher and you're going to do it. If you want the MS to win the MSNBC. That's good. That's good. That's good. I think I have to be there for Moton guy. Man, I'm going to be in charge of couldn't do any worse than they're doing already. How many viewers they got? About 30 men. My every cable system in the world. They got about 30 people watching. Pretty sad. For the MS to win the MSNBC. And then of course, then you see some of the people there on the other line. But at least it's a catchy slogan. The eye looks like it's due east of. It's going to say, bokeh, but that would be stress and a little bit. I would say more like deer field pompano. But it doesn't look to me like it's going south. See, is it spinning around? But it is moving very slowly. So it could, in fact, I can be sure that's a weather for us. Got his very well used finger. I'll sharpen up and it's moving that thing. Right into your backyard. Wherever you are, you know, if you're in homestead or if you're in a forward Loddenale or if you're like in Jupiter. He's moving that thing right in your direction. He's going to move that finger right in side your way. I was going to say you're rain is for that. Yes, sure about that. A pen and Joyce. Joyce, she did one hell of a job. Not you're an idiot. Joyce, you are a simpleman. I'm going to tell you one thing. She's taking a bee's leaves down. That Joyce, nice goes. We heart you are in competent. You are useless. I'm starting to roof for the other side, and anyway, there's that. What do you want, right? Now in fact, if you want to go to sun sent me, it was got a pretty good thing on there, although quite frankly, I went to the National Weather Service radar and the shirt reen's loop. Put that thing in motion, baby. click on the loop and watch the loop to loop and see the dark yellow is out there at it. A real bright yellow is right now it's just like I like the guy said. So what's your right in there is if that's an avidian software to the summer time right? And mosquitoes are as big as bowling balls but other than that everything is just fine. Am I correct? Oh we're fine but billionaire television producer John Demoll behind the pioneer show Big Brother will test the limits of ring-out of the TV with the program in which a woman searches for a potential sperm donor can see the child. His new to those Dutch men they are such a much of perverts you know any excuse to put anything sexual on here. I love anything dealing with drugs and sex and drugs perverts can't wait to go back. It's okay it's not what it used to be too many uh there's our people are now too many people from Algeria and Morocco I don't want to let single them out but I will. His new TV station Taupa launched earlier this month-conferred Lera program called I WANT YOUR Child and nothing else. I've had to watch his name Edmund on guiding light will be proud of that. Is he we didn't get uh what's her name's baby? I guess just can't keep the name of that. After all these years huh? Roseberry's baby? Yeah Roseberry's baby. I want your child and nothing else but give no for the details about the show do at 1830 GMT on Wednesday. Well 1830 uh Greg Gennich meantime what does that? That's um I don't know what it is. 130? Oh sorry. You ought to know these things the Brits are uh Gennich meantime I think there's an hour behind the Brits and the Brits are like five hours ahead of us who knows. The plan is that we visit potential donors and of course on camera to side which man is most suitable the 30 year old woman but German will feature in the program said an interview with the telegraph news paper. Oh that's the Dutch paper to telegraph. Check on their website if you want to weather find out how many hours it is going to be raining before you go there. Afterwards there will be artificial insemination said the one who is identified only as Jessica not Jessica but Jessica as in her body to fight that. Oh my god I got a oh where is it? I got a perfect drop in for that from your close personal friend he's probably going to get blown away. Where is it? Those of us. Yeah where's one he does and knows he yes it and he got one doing that? Yes yeah he does. They're in there. He's a boy. He's a boy. He's a boss. He is the best at moment. He's going to drown in Mr. Hurricane and in this storm. Anyway the choice a one off competing with four other reality. What does that mean a one off competing with four other reality TV programs. One of which follows five former prostitutes starting your cafe. The program Alicie the program we see most votes from viewers on Saturday after all these shows available. We turned into a series. But it is just amazing the telegraph also published an email address from an wanting to donate sperm to Jessica. Of course we could find Jessica's picture and put it on our website. We may have some of our listeners out there wanting to donate something. All read a cause we live at the right gets exclusive prison to a video of vendors slewed. We sure missed that tonight on MSNBC. If you want the MSB sure in avoid MSNBC and then by all means of what's seen in the Nazi network they are. I'm not going to call it certainly not news. It's definitely the NN stands for Nazi network. A bunch of suckups. I want to say it again that that crap they had on Sunday night supposedly that probing. You know they're actually having the gold and the question and the president and the silly go word. That was such a wishy washi. Half baked piece of turd man exactly what you'd expect from the suckups at CNN. You people grow man. You're pathetic. You're embarrassing. I'm going with MSNBC from now on from here on out. You stick with CNN there and I'm sticking with MSNBC because I like the MSI. I don't like MS broadcasting. I do like MD MS. You know, kind of a Jews egg. Tileins Prime Minister is trying to fear it out of government minister who allegedly had a penis and largeman procedure saying news of it is affecting the cabinet's reputation on news reports said yesterday. Who did it tell me the Prime Minister told his ministers at a two-day cabinet meeting triggering around a banter and causing some to squirm in their chairs the nation and newspaper be saying. Who done it? Last week a woman being sued for defamation by a clinic after she claimed to give her a face-dispiguring silicone injection said a cabinet member had received a penis enlargement injection at the same clinic and urged him to come forward as a witness in her defense. I wonder if he had a penis disfiguring injection. They said, I only wanted to find out, I guess. Don't figure. Calling on the official through reporters on the steps of government House on to the day the woman said the problem of my face is bigger than the problem of your penis. This is affected the reputation of the cabinet because I wonder if they are Jews a gackie. This is affected the reputation of the cabinet because the news went around the world. I don't want people to think that cabinet members are obsessed with this kind of thing. When the paper quoted the Prime Minister is telling his ministers, speaking to reporters after the meeting, the agriculture minister said no one admitted to the enlargement procedure. Other ministers wrote about various suggestions on how he can be identified. I can't imagine how can you? I don't know. Think about it. MSNBC. I'm telling him. I'm a sheriff. We're not in Scherfism marble. I'm on top of it. Don't forget we have to marlins and other marlins have been too sharp less. They better win today. I'm saying how many games they got left about 45? Yeah, about that. I don't know. I want to put you on a spot. Listen, you should know the record won and lost a percentage. How many games they are of the wild card. You should have this crap too. Two wild cards. Well, that's a piece of cake they can do then and nice weekend. Yeah. To beat Milwaukee. Now let's see where they're about five and a half behind. Yeah, they always seem to lose to the crap teams when they expose. I mean, Milwaukee's not that bad to hear. They're I know. Milwaukee, oh, give me a bra. They're in the wild card race. They're in the wild sealant. They're in the wild card race. They're in the bottom of it. But too bad about the blue jays. Just when they were starting to make a little bit of a move. Now they're making a movement. You can second smell them all away here. They were really on the move. And then they went in Detroit. Not in like lose every day. Just went to a fight. They might have a shot. But they don't pretty good. They're like a mediocre 500 club. What's wrong with that? Pretty much. We'll settle with that. Anyway, let's not get too sports intensive. Because next thing, you know, we'll be talking about hockey. Okay. We talking about not Chad. For Myers, for Myers, Guy on his CNN, but Chad killed your with the least for his week. What's he doing on that team, huh? He's worse than Wade B. Lack. For years, Armstrong for the homes that is always treated everybody like family. And they want to extend it off for to you to join their family. Ford Nation Nationally is extended their Ford family plan offered through the sixth of September. And right now, at Armstrong Ford homes, they're going to give you the same great pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families begin. Not only you get employed family pricing. You also still get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for a limited time with a new car purchase at Armstrong Ford, you're going to get a color TV free. So what's not to like? Pick up the phone right now called David Richardson 305. 247 51 12 and be sure and tell them that fat boy told you to call. You will get a better meal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switched no phone ideals. In fact, I'm so sure of it. We'll bet your fat boys life on it. This fantastic offer is only available. But Armstrong Ford homes that were they always treated like family. Armstrong Ford is proud to be local owned and operated by president general manager David Richardson. Bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong Ford home state. You'll find a bit US one Southwest 307 Street just 20 minutes south of the 836. You will get a better deal on a 4L say it again. Anyplace else? So why waste your time? Check them on the web at armstrongcar.com and then call David at 305 247 51 12 and ask them about the Ford family plan today. Grab a few miles extra but save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of home state. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 2A. Sport home is Australia's Relieverity My Institution 560. WM. But you're a sport home update. I'm Helen a color remember. After a year of being in that Ricky Williams bought his first bag of grippy today. No mind that. You're not yet a day. A group 70 on the golf course. You did. No yeah. And that's a lot of clubs. And now with the latest on the Ricky Williams press conference. I know why so. I know this guy was an expert diamond cutter. Really? Yeah. He most of the law on a chase stadium. Oh doctor. Oh doctor. And speaking of doctors. Doctor tells us guy to join a health club to take some weight off. See. Yeah. The guy lives in 20,000 one week. How do you do that? The machine with this leg off. But I'm full. And now this breaking story about Ricky. No one has taken a vacation and how to lure. Yeah. The hotel was so swanky. Room service had an unlawless didn't number. I thought it too many. I'm Helen Keller. Yeah. More sport home. Room service joint was so small when I put the key and I built the window. What are you doing? Always tripping the book kid. I'm like your puppy up fire. Hey buddy you're looking at the hell of a killer. What's I'm Maddie? I got no sense. Are you mad? I'm so sorry. He's a hunter. He's a hunter. Total total. 119 and 560 no mode today. So you may be depressed about the storm and rain and the stuff. But there's something to be upset about. Total total. No mode today and no mode tomorrow. The marlins games both days. The marlins have to be a cup of double. You tomorrow right? Game time. Yeah. So 20 pregame. 1145 George. All right. That 15 minutes is like a major deal. But you know, 10 air v extra minute counts. You know. Yeah. I'm guessing tomorrow when you're going to like be doing probably to show a home on a film or the phone. Kind of like a get there. It got like 15 20 80 inches of rain. I can swear. Maybe you stop at late tub and bring in lunch for everybody on the way. That's why I'm over for Cuba. It's been over in the tub. Yeah. It's true. It came on a rubber wrap. The top of the house on the pool so far. And we don't really care about the pool on much alone. I worried John Askcroft come from. Oh, fact. I just came and he says 100. Yeah. That's good. One. He sure he may not be one of our favorites. But he sure can't sing. Which religious not to you hate the most. Hey George W. Bush 138. They hate Louis Fairer. Confirmed 37 Jerry fall ball who's having a problem with a purple ticking making all those gay cartoon characters 35. Had Robertson's right on Jerry's Ask with 33 and people are starting to talk about it. Jesse Jackson 19 James Dawson an anxious old man. He is. Focus focus focus on your family. Al Sharpton 11 Jimmy Swagger 10 to Pope 10. So the old could boy. I'll tell you what thing about this Pope man. He is really a card carrying on seat. Have you ever really looked at him? Yeah. He's evil. He's like the old man. He's evil is the word. He is evil personified. It's written all over his post. He looks like riff rap from the underdog Cartards man. He is bad. This Pope and of course a million getch key showed up there in color into a you know have a big party last weekend. What a it just makes you want to cry and give a good try. Very sad. He's never the turning say good try. They do. I just hit the phone or buy us an a Q. I am. That's okay. We all about Jimmy hands. He's in Hindu. I'm right. You're going to be okay. He's attacking into the hand. Jimmy Swagger 10. The Pope 10. Dr. D James Kennedy 5. What are the most virulent antis Semites ever to make a hay and so forth? What is it? He's a man. He's a hay. None of them. I'm a religious not myself one and John ascroft just when I don't have any of them. But he will. But I don't have a lot of time to mess with that. Pull because I'm too busy on my Doppler radar man. You know what I'm saying? What he said? Well I'm busy checking it out. I want to stay on top of this thing so we can pretend like we know something that's going on. There's my loop. I've got it in motion and it's I don't know. It's hard to tell really it's swirling around. I think the next time it makes you know that circular motion that these storms do, next time it like swings around. That's going to tell you where that eye is going to hit. Don't keep your eye on the eye. All right. WQA and hello. QAM. QAM. Okay. Did you see what your friends are? Hank over. Why are you okay? Fine. Whatever you say. As a matter of fact. Well that makes three. Yeah. Thank you. That makes three. Well yeah. I'm right. Well at least he's consistent. Okay. The Patrick Valenzuela broadcasting. Speaking of broadcasters. Robin Bertilucci has offered former WMAL Washington host Michael Graham, who was fired from the ABC radio news talker after calling Islam a terrorist organization. A shot to fill in a third channel's LA news talker. Well good he come drop for them. Aren't they a bunch of real broadminded folks of KFI? Yeah. You think? Are you sure? Bertilucci's had the station was offering grim the opportunity because KFI still believes in free speech. Morning host Bill handle announced his show this morning. Let's see what they uh yes any morning. Then Graham will in fact fill in for KFI evening host John Sigler this Friday night. What was the next radio? Okay WMAL wants ABC again. Now ABC just ask little your good co-friend Lynn Samuels about ABC. She'll tell you some horror stories that'll make care grow on your ass. WQAM. Hello. What the hell was that noise? WQAM. Hello. Yes. Bertilucci. Yeah. But you are of the biggest ass. I'll tell you what drop you doors are looking to mirror man. You're it. WQAM. Hello. How are you doing? Or forget about the doors just looking to mirror pretty good. Um hi did you hear about the Roberto Alonga Patration hearing? How big you're part? The Roberto Alonga's arbitration came back. Yeah. He was awarded 3.2 million for one year and I think he uh didn't deserve even that. Why is that? Well he's been a good go-turner he's been having for four on global repertoire or anyone else's. What kind of defense is he got to win? He doesn't matter. He's open to the world. Oh you're crazy. There's a typical South Florida hockey fan man. He wouldn't know how hockey puck of you shoved a whole dozen of men was inwards through into with a wizard. Fiamia break this is the most important and most valuable player on a team who played brilliantly stood on his hand for two years. Let me ask you this if he's not so good. How come he keeps showing up on Canada's Olympic team like again this time too? They picked them every time because he's not so good. You've quizzed and you silly and you're fair right. Didn't deserve 3.2. You're here another one of these guys. They got more money than Carter's got pills. They got plenty of money left over under the cap. Show us some appreciation. Show to guy you wanted to stick around but instead what they'll do is chase him out of town now like anybody else who might be good and he'll continue having a horseball organization. Yeah let's bring back some of those other great cool tenders like damage goods like Trevor are you kidding me kid? Somebody like that. What are you thinking about man? Just I just do not forget to like me understand how South Florida's got a hockey team. It just makes no sense at all. It would be like Belarus have a you know how to have a stand. I just don't get it. Do you know my usual is how don't and in fact you're the living example of why there should not be a hockey team in South Florida. They're the way I'm hello to it. Hey guys open the vent and we can open today. Yeah what can we do for you? Yeah WQA and hello. Yeah it's raining outside. I'm going crazy. They're going to steer crazy so they're going to call us. That's fine we don't care. We're just here to kill another two hours and five minutes. Not that I'm counting you understand. Right WQA and hello. Hello now. Yes sir. I'm I'm to hide the call because it has more on hockey. You say that a better on those not a good going. What deep is that you have? Exactly. You've played behind a really porous, the worst defense in league for two years and still stood on his head and kept them in a lot of games where they either tied or got a win only thanks to him. Game. Game. Game. Game. Game. This guy wouldn't know hockey if foster he would pop that up his ass. Yeah how about for your bull? Yeah. Pretty grand. Billy Graham an excellent choice and he's still alive. Unfortunately he's still just barely hanging on. All right Neil we're all going to die because. Thank you. I'm dying on the end. I think that's what he was trying to say. Well these there's our honest collar for you. We're all going to die it's going around. Money halter is 84 today. Good Canadian boy money haul. Let's make a deal money. Team made millions and millions and then he got out of our face. You don't see our like guys like that. Registres 74 he's hanging on much too long and they keep it they're trying to push him out and run. He doesn't want to go kicking and screaming. Just from that stupid I show which we told you was a piece of crap show who wants to be a millionaire or the worst game show is ever. Oh it's getting good ratings. Let's put it on 18 days a week. You know I'm of course they're a went brutal. He turned 74 today. I think that Bob Barker and Registres when you get to be an old code it's time to bail out. So see ya. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. I should go back to kill for you. Spate that. This station presents real American heroes. We still have you. Mr. Guy who leaves a stupid like a run. Guy raises stupid linker on. Yes we've all been stuck behind you. So wondering aloud is it going to turn here? No. Maybe the next? No. Maybe it's no. Perhaps Mr. Guy who leaves his stupid like a run. You are simply on a personal mission to drive around the entire globe but slightly to the left. Apparently you don't notice anything. You believe a left turn signal should be left on and your right turn signal feels so right you never shut it off. And so we W. Mr. Guy who leaves his stupid like a run. Oh real. On American heroes. Oh you must be turning here. No. And don't forget starting October 1st in Florida. That's right. I was blinker or idiot who had to blink around for like about a mile and a half. They represent a threat to your safety. Or I'm saying it results. Guy and Ask Governor says what in doubt take a mod. Isn't that the new slogan of the right wingers went and down take a mod? To a pass it. I'm doing a good job in a rank by the way. Now here's the facts from somebody who obviously has good intentions. Go to when telecast.com. They've got the best and most accurate radar in surm tracker. Which I already had been there but I thought well I'll just reticulate just to see if he's right. And guess what? I would say. No. The best or right are for what I'm looking for. Here the short range loop is the National Weather Service radar. Yeah. Don't you agree? Do. The short range loop. I mean it shows it out. Well as far as you want it to like Bahamas and whatever. And there it is. And it's raining. And case you had notice. It's raining over there. Here's the M.S.D.M. It's not only Florida but for the rest of the Southeast as it makes its way across the peninsula and then eventually back up in two portions of the Panhandle. So be a long day. We'll be right here with you each and every half hour. Excellent. We want the M.S.D.M.S.D.M.S.D. That's right. They are so pathetic man. You know you saw that really caused me. How can she? Yeah. I don't know. Does she look good? No. Can she speak? No. Is she got a voice? Not a great voice. Is she got any voice? No. Is she penetrating? No. I don't want to go to that. But I mean what is that? What is it? So she was on Fox News. Right away because she they don't understand one thing and that is that people are watching Fox for the other than O'Reilly who's a phenomenon. You know? I'm TV. Not on radio. Radio is still got that point. Oh. But uh but other than that they watch Fox because it's Fox because it's a religion. It's not a news outlet. It's a religious channel. It's a right wing fundamentalist Bible thumping. We hate everybody channel. Let's Fox News. So whatever they got on there is got a number. I mean if Greta's got a big number what does that tell you? I mean she is just I've had bomb movements that were more attractive than Greta. She just wrote a text. She takes a picture of that. She's got a nasty an she sounds like a water not she's got a nasty gravel evoice. I'm sorry but he's right Wringers man. He can't complain about their IQ or their taste because they have neither neither. They just idiots. That occurs is why they like certain obbugar or other illiterate the group balls. Dangerous ones though. I'm not saying something to be a little bit in uh group ball. That's okay but when you're a dangerous one and people are dying as a result. Oh here's some other group ball. Oh it's Miss Mark Potter. Going to go out. Shelters are also opening. Hey Mark, this is our fair in anticipation of the storm. I'm making landfall somewhere in this area later today. Again no one here is panic him. They are veterans of much bigger storm. I'm not going to die. They're watching it closely. Again they're just shamed about the flooding and residents here are just being asked to watch the news. Watch the weather cast. Yeah, once they know where the worst of this storm is hitting and at what strength later today. Back to you. All right Mark, we're from Potter reporting there. You can get the latest on tropical storm Katrina by logging onto our website at MSNBC.com. Excellent. Get the MS from MSNBC.com baby. She's really ugly too. You know, that's fine. I'm ugly but I'm not on television and was once upon a time boy I'm still embarrassed about that thing. Thanks a lot Marvin. You idiot. You quizzing. You are simple then. You're fairy. So I'm watching that thing and like I said it's just I don't know. I think perhaps that some people are making a little bit more of this than need be like like the weather hysterical people. The weather carries. That's their job. I mean you know I see the thing is swirling out there and it's got a lot of rain and the big stimulus video. 5 6 7 0 5 60 time. Maybe there's some other people out there who are I'm looking at all. I like the other guy said he's a draven and pomp and a beach right now and his little rain coming down and we're not talking about jaggedy and it tremendous winds here. We're not talking about the end of the work. We're not talking about trees being uprooted or you know your dog being sent flying in outer space. Just it's a storm. That's all. That may be like a very very mild bargain basement hurricane category while very weak category one at best by the time it hits your and blows you all away. You know that's all. We can all have said about it. I'm just sitting here very calm cool and directed looking out my window looking at the very sunny sky. What's the temperature in Toronto right now for a podcast with over home sure is listening. It's 22 Celsius 72 Fahrenheit. A guy hi to the sunny no clouds no rain on a sunny in 26 that's 70 9 last time. I like it for a night. There's Eric Lindrasso the maple leaves. Get with it Eric. Okay cut the crap. Better wear a heavier helmet. 5 6 7 let's get some hockey talk on here. Let's get Rimmer lineup for hockey show. In our as how it's really interesting when I put these people on the spot because they're all like in bed together. So we're guilty in these popping. And I was like keep sucking up to him because he's got to be there with him. We've got to see him every day. Right. And I mean he's going to be up there in that press box all the time doing those Panther games on the radio. The guilty might say. I think he's going to do okay. I guarantee you won't be boring like some of the other sports cases we've got in town. I'm not to mention Dave Van or that rich wall sky and TV. Whoever has naked pictures of Jim Sarnie with a Billy goat. You've got to be kidding me. Or maybe a naked pictures of Jim Sarnie with Billy Martin. I don't know what it is. But there's something there. Talk about a suckup. What's that all about? God comes in at town as a horse ball job is totally a see it's like Jimmy Siffle is in which walls I put him pretty much in the same category. Not ready for prime time. Unqualified is what they are in experience to just totally unqualified. So Josh wants to take the rest of the show to where we're finnised on Jimmy's cell phone and Joe Rose. I like Joe. No, I know he like him personal. He's doing a good job on the games. That's good. No, he wasn't. But he he he could be okay. It's a work in progress. Are you starting with a crap to? Exactly. A work in progress. Well, you must be Joe. I don't know. Joe I think can get that. I like Joe. Well, not Joe Rose is a great guy and he's an excellent broadcaster but he's certainly no mad dog. Oh, no. He's worked and we're working with a guy that's totally unqualified and just Jimmy and Joe and Joe and Jim and are talking back and forth to each other and not doing the description of the game which is what you said. That's when I listened for the 15 minutes. It was a yeah. And a step in a whole year. The reason he's not to play by plays because Jimmy is not a play by play guy. Okay. He may be playing a little bit. He's not to do them play by play on the radio or off. Oh, I know. So we're pretty upset about it. Jimmy. Okay. Those dolphins out there who miss Rick Weaver. So desperately and even Bill Zimfer was pretty good. Good guys in for good guy. Got screwed badly when somebody can go. They must have done my stir. So I told you, I'd miss him. They're doing for a motor car. Yeah. Seriously, they're on speaking of them all yesterday. So George leading into the motion being the back to that you are. Yeah. He like had like about a minute. How long is that bit? But a minute. What was that thing called? Mo up date? Yes. It's 147. So you got a car. And fact you probably ran over. I didn't. Oh, two minutes till two yesterday. And so George plays that Mo up date bit by Boca Brown going right into the motion when Mo up or down. Yeah, they don't. They either. I don't know if he said anything on the air or not because who then why would I pay the attention? But he haven't only was Peotabudder, which means he's not making progress. He's regressing. Okay. It's a radio show. Mo stop it to ego. Okay. Stop it alone. Don't start looking back and those old ways again. They're going to bring back the Muscran. Yeah, there he is. He's Neil Rodger. Go George. George. George. Yes. He's 5. 16. James. James. So like. Fuck. Man I'm studying in the dorm room. Okay, Pamela, you know you've missed a chance. So now I'll discover girls are going to get in my place. Never finished high school. What am I doing here? Boxing and school for three music's what I hear. My own subject of girls girls girls Yeah, I'm just like every college guy in the world. I'm studying in the dorm room. I'm studying in the dorm room. And kids don't want them. And they're like me. Originally the job I've heard was your role in these. Come on, and kids don't want them. I'm studying in the dorm room. I'm 47, 13, you'll know. They're 5, 60, W, and W. I'm the Marlins. And in Milwaukee, Burr is a huge game. So I have to know them. I'm pretty game at 130. Marlins at 205 start the game. Curtis Stevenson after the ballgame hurricane. Then we got a bunch of stuff. And then we want to hear. And at a capital of 10, I'm not going to provide that hurricane stuff. That's just, you know, it's just a commercial holder is what it is. When you say, right? I'll be going to get Donna Shrelaley all that out of shape again. Because then she'll be going after our billboards and. Oh, gee, we've got balls. Oh, wow. Good. Oh, man. Please, please Donna, who are you? I was such a kind of a ballsy bitch. But come to find out. Okay. How's that pull coming? I think it's a little bit more time around. I would say like 1240, 1240. We'll have the one o'clock advisory on this storm. Mm-hmm. If it makes sense to make sense to make sense to like keep your eye on it. And the storm too. But, you know, this is not one I would get like all right. I guess, fastic about right? What? What do we do? Have some people in San Florida who specialize in spreading. Spasticity. I like that like it last. Let's do it. Right. Spasticity. Like Mr. or Cros. She's a little spastic. In fact, I heard she's got a spastic. Back to colon. 377 votes would religious not to you hate the most. 362 gets the score in the ira of our crowd. I'll go grab and deserve it. So Louis Veracau, how come we didn't put jabbo show on there, too? Let's do it with the Terry and her cue of all of his other religiousity and trying to stick religion into the jails and everywhere. Choose life my ass. Louis Veracau, 42, Jerry Falwell, 41. Pat Robertson, 38. When in doubt, hey Pat, hey come out. Jesse Jackson, 26. James Thompson, 15. Focus. Focus. He's he's really a lot worse than you think. Just that not for many people know that much about him. He is I mean, you talk about Nazi. He makes it look like a girl scout. The Pope, 15, who made some both parents and women who went significance. You're right. He's got the face of evil man. You look at him and you see our. All the images of WWE 2 and the Holocaust all conjured up right in. And this crap about the Jews buying into his eyes. You know, he's stuck out of the Muslims and everybody else. Yeah, don't kid yourself. He wants to convert everybody. They want you man. Special for your cute older boy. The Pope 15, Al Sharpen 13, Jimmy Swagger 12, D James Kennedy, six. The Croberage Presbyterian Church. For you to have that gay guy playing the organ there. That's what I did. Yeah, he was the organ isn't he? He may still be there. I didn't like that. He's gay. Oh, gay guy talk about the organ. Talk about a cell out. He's worse than misfortune man. You're fair. Oh brother, I'm so tired of that garbage. None of them. I'm more religious than five. We have five religious nuts out there. Good. Benny Hins got two. John asked Croft two. Jeb Bush and Billy Graham. I've got the big. Well, Billy. Jeb just went on. Oh, so far. Well, Billy, they feel sorry for him. He's like one step away from death. So we're like, and of course, he'll be on Larry King again. 85 times before he croaks before the end of the year. A judge on Wednesday in Pittsburgh. Ordered a school district to read mid 14 year old student expelled for writing violent profane rap lyrics, finding that his songs did not amount to two threats against the school, and so were protected by the first amendment. The Riverside Beaver County School District kicked out Anthony Latour because officials believe his lowest constitution threats to shoot up the school and other student. The ACIU representing with two or three in the songs were battle rap. A music genre in which two people try to out-rim each other often using violent putdowns. Battle rap. Yeah, you know, you spit. Mine? That'll rap. Yeah, they rap off. You guys, I heard that Moe was going to be one of those, but it was a rap off. It's when I heard. You guys, this week judge, John Edda and Rose overturned his expulsion issue. They preliminary injunction against sort of a military commitment. It looked toward the 9th grade when classes resumed August 31. That's less than a week. That's a week from yesterday. In one song with two a wrote, so watch what you say about me. I'm everywhere, son, and the word of moth is that I'm carrying guns. Now that I'm coming for you, what the FU going to do, come to level with a pump tons of slugs that will punish you. How do you like that? School officials learned of Latour's writings in March and contacted the police who charged him with terrorist threats to harassment. Latour was expelled and made the charges are pending. Terrorist threats and harassment. How do you like that? He's just rapping at baby. The judge said the school's argument that the music was threatening was weakened because school officials did not take immediate steps to investigate the music, such as searching with Troor's locker or contacting his parents for the more. And Rose said school officials didn't present any evidence that the songs disrupted the school. The school district and the Troor's family did not have any comments. How do you like that? He just rapping at me. He's doing a little work on a rap. Is it battle? It's a lot of much of graphic history, a bunch of battle rap. That's what it is. Just playing dance, take them all out. Now this is a story that obviously nobody cares about because we had in our our website. I think it was the least read. Actually it was about the states. I don't think I even saved that story because nobody cared about it. About the fastest states. Did you know the Houston is the fastest city in the country? I did not. And the Texas has got like four, the worst ten fastest city. That's because they meet all the embobicued on there. You know, they're all like Texas B for whatever they're doing. They're just sitting around on their fat ass. Kind of like your president is doing sit around on this fat ass and Texas and Texas is an Idaho while Roman is burning you know and the middle east too. Oh, basically rates rose last year and every state we're getting fat and fat. I lost two pounds by the way. Good. One ninety three. It's not good, but I was starting to get a little on the precipice of being over my plane. I'm not joking about that. I get like over one ninety five. I can't function as a quasi human being. I can't even do this show. I can't even just it's a function of the diabetes thing. But now I'm like, you see, you notice the difference I sound like almost like myself today. I'll be quite as, huh? I'll be almost at a day over ninety. Hey, by the way, it's QAM or old obesity rates rose last year and every state that over I got a corner when advocacy group that come on the government and the five of it's going to get more involved in America's battle with expanding waste lines. The advocacy group all by the way, I wonder how I'll keep two or Kevin Chuto is doing. Don't buy that book, please. I sure hope a lot of people read that story. Please don't buy that book. Don't waste your thirty dollars. Oh my god, the number of things you could like get a half a taking gas for thirty bucks. The advocacy and what do you say? The group press for American self said data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show that the percentage of obese adults for 2002 to four is student 22 point. Now it's over twenty five percent. Ready for that? I'm ready. obese. Not just that. I mean fat like 60 percent. Throbees. Obest. The state of civilian largest increase in obesity was Alabama. Maybe they sort of abandon their knee. There is a rate increase to point and a half to twenty seven point seven percent. Oregon's rate helps study at twenty one. Reports of the states for the highest percentage of obese adults are Mississippi, Alabama, West Virginia, Louisiana and Tennessee. The states for the lowest percentage of obese adults are Colorado. Is it that outdoorsy kind of thing there? Is it that there are spent all day running around shooting them Fagots. Nice to walk outside. And you have to choose it? Oh yeah, Massachusetts man. They run off and down a beacon street. Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont and Montana. Hawaii was on Clinton report. Of course I say, didn't Hawaii that have to include all those sumo kind of guys. I love it. Hawaii is there like that. What are they? Fat. Fat. You know what I'm saying? Right. It's not what it was. And they do that pig roast where they put the pig on the spit. Sometimes they make a mistake. It's another one of those things like the eskimos. As long as they kept to the native diet, it didn't get so crazy. Yeah. And we poisoned them with our refined every day. They got some really great. That's a lot of good food and a lot of good food. Yeah. And if we saw what they trust America's health said, the US is stuck in a debate Limbo about how the government should confront obesity. First of all, how about if they went after all the food manufacturers that putting all this crap to addicted to make you addicted to their food and all the crappiness making you fat. How about that? But that's bad for business. So they're not going to do that. If you're smoking those cancer sticks, then right away, oh, it's bad. It's going to kill you. And we're going to sue you all. You know, all these multi-million dollar lawsuits. I just don't understand what I'm not like to. Oh, there's that chant ever again. This would be a huge storm getting Florida. It's not a huge storm. It is going to be probably a category one as it makes landfall. It is still traveling off to the west. That's about seven or eight miles per hour. Now you do this ass. Here's a northern part of the Iowa. The most dangerous part of any storm, especially when this convection here, rotates up and around and it's on this side. And as is still a moves toward bulk up. I thought you had bulk of Amy on over. It's going to be a long time. It's going to be a long time. That's not what it's going to be. It's not going to be a long time. Kill the developing. Right now, officially it's 60 miles per hour. There may be some higher gusts, especially in this squal right here, which will rotate. And then you have to squal it over. Right between the line between Barfard County, Barbarard County, and into Palm Beach County. That's where the strongest part of this storm is going to hit. Probably 75, maybe 80 miles per hour when it makes landfall. And there you go, bokeh. There's an like I told you it's not moving south and spread out what this bubble head on CNN said there's been saying all morning long and it's not going to the south. It's going west if anything. It may go a little tiny bit to understand. Right straight in the bokeh right in the most house. This is a million dollars. This is 5. 16. We can put this door. Hey, I'm from out. You may have a rush. And I like scrubbing my snowy gorilla house with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new roke, I'm going to use the hour. See guys, we're all going to see here. I ain't never said no. Yeah, there's a car in the noise. We can put the door in the door. The mouth keeps saying, the noise. I ain't never said it. I'm not going to. The thing is, it's a bit of a noise. But they also pay me by that business with the door. The door is a door to noise. The door's a door to noise. The noise at noise and the noise and the noise, but no, the door's a swipe. The door's a door to noise. Think that, no jap! I'm in on the toy shop. I'm on the toy shop. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, make it, don't be, say, don't Putin Follow my Sunday O my America CNC They can't control me and shoot me, even doing your aim to, because they're going to die. Oh no, this is one of the door to door to door to control me. In double-rooming, I keep doing this, with this, if you're just going to die. Coming down at the desk, I keep doing this, I keep doing this, don't worry. Let's drive it one, two, three, and you can just drive it to the door. Two things are the bars of the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. But it's thatinesling, where is how you untrust the door to the water, and how you breath-allows it, I can attack the door that never disappears. I not even want to throw this. Safety, tease me things I can explore. It's not a toy thing. Which ends a door to the without another, Babing someone. Jesus, help me. He is out like Keith's name. Okay, off the door, just as I thought. There's a door to the door to the door to the other. The door to the door and door to the door to the door and door to the door and down. You always touch it, no. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. The door is in silence. A walking there eine desks. Can you listen to me? Have you heard we are coming to you? Two days after the door was locked And it should be with you. No, please. To someone else. Now you're in finance for dinner. What about theã°ã„ tossedï¿½ï¿½? adore adore a a hall and life Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, although the truth facts can trick me for our good clothes personally, but i don't want it to 1992, why did you do that? Because I think Volca may be obliterating. Oh, I think Volca have to have attributes for the moment because that say his hand cord is that's where he anxed out. That's where he probablyantume pay him go buy them now. Okay why not, they're in a court's mo, OK, the mono. Yeah, they're like what do man rehersan? When I have some shocking news for all of you thank him. for all you are you are track in this or not are you paying attention to him you I'm back track in it no no seriously I'm not paying any attention well why not whatever some of the was you're not on my thing here on my national weather service right are almost here to forget about them but you're going the it was to me because now the eyes open up it's kind of like they went to took the storm of the dentist he said open wide in the eye is not only visible again which had a kind of like vanished but now you can see the motion that the most is northwest again which you'll notice that we're just talking about bokeh as opposed to four-lateria because now you can see very definitely the whole system is like taking a little jog you know like a jog road a little jog in the northwest so that big eyes had a right for a little house because the Lord is p.o. baby the Lord is pissed off about that muskrat now you love for neglected to mention the death of somebody very important that nobody ever heard of hope I think it's a racial thing with you Brock Peters who the way Brock Peters we called it the competition for Tequila mockingbird came down him and James Earl Jones you know James Earl Jones this is see it and you know him right Peters won out I never actually knew who made the season you remembered but whoever it was I'm grateful Peters the character actor who made his mark as in my his booming voice to the doomed Tom Robinson in the 1962 film version of mockingbird died to date his LA home following an eight month battle with pink red a cancer he was 78 see you didn't even mention it no I didn't we spent two weeks that I call two weeks of tears my valetir is Peter said the movie shoot before an audience in Kansas in 2000 per the site to kill a mockingbird what wouldn't oh I see a quarter of the site to kill a mockingbird in Harper Lee okay tears didn't necessarily come easy to painters the actor nor did they come easy to restore a character they did however apply to Tom Robinson's flight a wrongly accused black man faced with an all-white jury in the 1930s south kind like O. J. and reverse claimed by the American film Institute is one of the hundred greatest U.S. films at the last century mockingbird won three Oscars including one first-door Gregory Schmeck who died in 2003 and it was Peter's read the ulogy of pex funeral in art there is compassion and compassion there is humanity and humanity there's generosity and love Peter said Gregory Peck gave us these attributes and full measure net touching of touch of no over the years Peter's was regular on the mockingbird circuit appearing on stage with Mary Bannon who played Scott or is that bad ham kind of like Cindy she hen who played young scout in the movie and most recently at a 2005 L. tribute to Harper Lee upon who's novel they largely faithful film was played well it's a shame it was a good actor and now he's dead so I told you that dying things going around sure a lot of people going on like that including Jason Robards I got to watch that again maybe this weekend do it Magnolia I think if you watched it again especially when the frog started fall I think you might like it a little bit better I got a rewatch that seen very carefully about the TV game sure host went right when he fires off that shot and see if he really blew out the TV yeah I was a train or both or whatever what if he blew up the TV or his brains or both I think both yeah yeah and you got to watch of my cement why didn't I say you didn't know you had it did I get it I got it you just have watched yeah well I had a watch that oh maybe one of these days when I'm really really bored I don't know is it really good what I enjoy it's it's just fine it's a good story it's a good story corny nope who's in it uh and this version that's Gary Sunise and John Melchovich yeah and it's good hmm okay I got it's in right in the other room I'll get around to it five six seven oh five six you let's take a few calls because our in twenty minutes we're out of here that's bad I feel like almost guilty today almost in fact I'm gonna maybe I watch of my cement before I watch my next corny him movie a seventy q a m hello two a m hey me I am pretty good good listen um as you can tell please put it that's how they got up your map pole because he uh is reasonably effective me directly man in my kid's school so I want to get him in the pole don't forget choose life man and we're seeing and meet as our so-called president is that I do the president has a lot of power you know but when he changed the second commandment from doubt shall not kill to doubt shall kill anybody as a boy would I believe and kill only ragdays that's what I'm saying I mean he's pretty relieved it's so much like you know what about love by enemy you know choose life baby okay much a hypocrite says that just like Pat Robertson there's and you know what's the way he gets a free pass from the media I really scoured to try to find some re-scaving editorials and commentator and a couple articles I put on the website but there just wasn't a lot here's a guy who comes on the air on his own TV channel there and is a 700 club and advocates the assassination of a duly elected leader of another country where we already had these very grotesque relations with and a very delicate oil situation and opens up a month and says yeah let's kill a months and I wait anymore let's get over with the assassinated now and then goes on and lies about it and a half-paked a lukewarm apology to a word of war as if like whooping that's right we got to say that 200 bit in but you know lives that's not important he didn't mention that the 187- 74 dead kids in Iraq he didn't talk about that he's talking about some money and of course because that that he's a money grab in a horror and crook is what he is if you want to if you if you google Pat Robertson crook just put his name in the word crook next to it then you'll find out all about him and his exploits in Africa in Zayir and in Liberia all of the time in mines and the phony operation rescue and all this aid they were saying in the pilot said they weren't bringing any aid at all that we're doing was like bringing materials over to so they could do their diamond mining and by the way the good news is that all went went to pot so to speak well good went to Alan Hancock casket miserable crook it's drool and the thing that he ran for prison I think it's mighty appropriate given what's going on in your country today your country 12 13 if I was a Cindy and pain and we do what we have to do to get through our pain and we hope they respect us for that and we respect them in any way they have to do the dirt through their pain 12 13 at 5 60 WQM one was the last time you really indulge yourself we should go months ago even longer Dalama Chris and Sir to watch you to indulge yourself air-free single night with Sir to his perfect night mattress line right now when you call 1 800 mattress you can save up to 900 bucks off the Dalama Chris factory direct prices the perfect night feature Sir to his highest coil counts finest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort the Sir to sail this for a little bit of time we're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels while supplies last call 1 800 mattress and give delivery within any 2 hour window they you choose and they show up on time if it's convenient for you like 10 to noon 1 to 3 2 to 4 whatever 1 45 to 3 45 and chances out they have the mattress you want in the size and couple of little in stock right now ready for same day delivery Dalama Chris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction have been using them for years now and George and Mole and Miguel and even fat boy are few of the people around here satisfied customers and I guarantee you call these folks and you will be too don't put it off another minute call 1 800 mattress or log on to that website mattress dot com call today be sleeping and swimming like a baby as soon as tonight call 1 800 mA TTR ES leave off at last S because it stands for savings is this is me who rather is this is 5 16 3 five I know all the wealthy people got it's real real people and that's not like about so good But I don't know that he goes on with his small, a town with a say helpful and then they call her as a role That's what I want he could go to okay And then we're on top of the house we eat and the day when you wish they praise you, you should take these delicacies And that's what I want you to know, please it's good to see you Right, right, look they already wear those high-water shorts anywhere those burn muted shorts and of course those rain catcher hands They're really great on the golf course Please try to rise in 87-year-old woman snoozing out of reclaner to this concert on the weekend found $60,000 in cash in her first-while looking for ID This is in Jane'sville with Wisconsin employees at the big lots store said the woman had been sleeping there for hours when police arrived Police couldn't manage to wait for it an officer who rummaged to her first found $600 100 bills stacks of $100 bills, maybe she was going to wood vine inside a second bag secured with a safety pin A sergeant was dispatched to the seat, oh yeah, speaking of that There was a couple at one delivery here the lot of about two weeks ago the six-four and nine seven and a half million dollars And nine the years old they both were nursing home well good for that Yeah, exactly the seven and a half million and a guy's going to go out and buy a looking continental Of course if there were self-law and he'd be driving into round. I'm sure and my mother was driving she was 90 Finally yesterday heard a story about how she was once driving on the wrong side of the road on sterling road But nevertheless, and listen, it's confusing, you know sure a sergeant was dispatched to the seat to verify the money count in the cash later It was also counted by Lieutenant Keith Lover Oh and you know something this reminds me I have I got to tell you this story It's not all I significant but it has to do with finding money A few days ago I go over to my little neighborhood convenience store to buy a newspaper soda whatever I scream whatever and I come back It was like I don't know maybe eight o'clock in night and I in front of my building I see on the ground I mean you can't miss it because the Canadian currency is very colorful It's very beautiful. It's very expensive that pink $50 bill. Yeah, but you like it And I see like what appeared to me like three bills like kind of like water together sitting on the right Now there's this young couple of a few pieces behind me coming into the building and they unfortunately Well, I mean whatever they spotted it to and it guys says what's that and just as slick as oil on a barge man I just reach right down and say without breaking or inscribed and ticked that the three bills up very good Another kind I can see even though I don't have eyes in the back of my head I can feel it that they're like lying and like what is he gonna do it? There is a 50 a 20 and a 10 there's 80 bucks Now I got about oh 30 seconds That's 30 man a few seconds as I'm blocking you and I can always go to the concierge and say oh I just found this out there If anybody says they lost 80 bucks, but of course he probably stick in his pocket when nobody's looking right wouldn't you or I did okay Or Anybody could say he could put a sign up there and say oh anybody lost 80 dollars I know how to help you know you lost 80 dollars in the first place right because it looks to me like somebody You know, maybe he had a bunch of bills in their pocket and they started pulling some out of it They just dropped that little water cash on the ground 80 bucks Now they're gonna be people out there and I didn't have to tell us on the years Oh my god, I look how dishonest you are. I'm money you're making $80 dollars I can lose that in about five seconds it would buy it But the fact that it matter is I found it right you know what's saying sure Well what's the point? So I stuffed it in my pocket and I came up first there And I kind of little smirk a lot of my face why what does it make right? I'm just keepers. Now that's right. Finders keepers. Those are the weepers. Yadi Adi. Amama. That's right my 80 bucks didn't change my life and hopefully it's not gonna Anybody can afford to live in this building is not gonna change their life either 80 bucks Canadian chicken feed I'm just one of those things. It reminds me that that time which was like an active God Damn god when I first came to South Florida I lived over on Miami Beach for a briefly before I couldn't I just couldn't stand it all those far Business and it was on a Sunday never forget this what the hell was the name of that drugstore I was an all-in-road. It was a drugstore that had like a fountain you know a counter with like good cheese burgers and But and it's what's it what the hell was the name of that place? I'm sure it's not there no more somebody will know and anyway, so I take my my very first credit card It's 1976 because I had no cash in my pocket. I cash in a bank and I go to the bay and the dim and the flagship bank on Was it Washington Avenue or all-in-road whatever ever was a flagship dinner longer in business And I go to take money out and then come to find out that the the ATM was broken Which back to those days that were kind of on the primitive side anyway and it were like all over the place and without a service Then I could get no cash so I had like I don't know I made like two bucks in my pocket So I'm walking back to my little apartment where the orthodox Jews who lived upstairs used to like hockey shining till three Marm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, make so much noise. You couldn't sleep and I'm walking back there and I'm on the side street right where this restaurant Ruxter was and There by the curb is $20 $210 bills How about that I'm on the street two-ten dollar bill somebody to drive history you just for me You see so I'm assuming that that any bucks I found they might like who knows Maybe I should take the any bus to go buy a lot of tickets on Saturday Do it huh? I already did I spent a hundred bucks and got 25 back and by the way I'd like to mention some jackass one 14 and a half million in the six 49 lot of here on Saturday I'm on two happy but it wasn't it wasn't this jackass somebody won the 35 million here. No, yeah, because I We arrived by it every day and it's back to three. Oh, no. Yeah, this was 14 and an half and I said it was back to four and out I spent 400 bucks on lot of tickets. You know what I got back 60 not not a good investment, right? Right see one thing when you're playing the lottery. Oh, just you know That time that I just missed the 15 million by one digit remember that few months ago I spent 80 bucks and I got back 1600 in fact I got 1600 for the five out of six plus I got some other ones on there So I got back about 1700 bucks for 80 so just the idea that because there's millions of combinations So the idea that you're gonna go out there and spend all you know hundreds and hundred it It doesn't help you might get a few you know a few extra six dollars is or four whatever they pay That's about it Your pants champion speed either to divide a hundred roast pork buns in 12 minutes in Hong Kong The final bottom of any contest this past weekend Tokuru Kobe Ashie yeah, he's famous 27 talk to the Chinese steamed buns to easily be five their other local contestants pocketing your cash prize of $20,000 Hong Kong dollars that's $2,574 busuous first runner-up Johnny woo 34 finished 47 buns this guy did a hundred a hundred roast pork buns Kobe Ashie weighs this 144 pounds in the ponsized buns fourth more of a challenge than the 83 vegetarian dumplings He down eight minutes on Saturday. What a pig the Japanese speed eater a lot of the head of the Olympics Now that everybody's so fat how about speed eating a threat? They do have they have eating contest on the SPN It's a nice one Which is a hell of a lot of people in watching people play cards The Japanese speed eater is the five time international hot dog eating champ in a whole zirworld record after wolfing down 53 and half we need in just 12 minutes Bread and faggie from the producers of dancing with the stars and Brad camp comes the new reality series That doesn't feel new at all. It's dancing with the grass I don't want a dance you can make me dance wash off figures for us team up with a big assars like William Shendon I love the dance. I love freckles. What could be better? I hate you. I told you die. Oh, must be a letter of neemly for Anna Nicole Smith I ain't dancing with nobody. I really hold it really Ray It's a fair as when the digital age and my choices I forgot and then am I still 1232 at 560 every QMC the outer bands already are In maiden router. We see that you look around the window. No, if you had one. Oh look at that the bands Yeah, the boys in a band band on the run just yell out you fairy Tropical storms a Katrina's outer squalls are splashing for a region largely spared by last years Historic and deadly quartet of Florida's hurricanes is the umptus mommy Harold Worst weather will arrive this afternoon. See what I would tell you folks to snap down not tonight Not a week from surface to saffron moon. Have I haven't seen that right from the across over with guldi? No, that was great that little boy he blurted out this morning. That was that was a significant moment in history of broadcasting Do you have you got it? I'll link it together later. Oh, yeah, I'm on a whole bunch of those just strung together In fact, we'll go just string yelty Worst weather will arrive this afternoon in the current forecast calls for minimal hurricane force wins a 75 miles an hour This week much of Tonight Let's see it 11 this morning instead of the storm was only about this is old, you know at the crab This one happens when you got a newspaper with a crappy website That's the hero Katrina's fairly large and very wet and moving very slowly and dating Palm Beach counties are also feeling it They're feeling it their feet mean the change with many areas of South Florida It'll suit it to absorb the footer more of rain that Katrina threatens to deliver local footing was feared emergency Mangalors urge residents to avoid standing water Spurs after the storm passes if there's like a power line hanging out of the pool of water It's probably not a good idea to like to go in here and investigate the potential major wind event has begun at wrap-and-port deputy director of the National Hurricane Center said there's still a chance for hurricane condition to be a spirit anywhere from Palm Beach today County at this point people should do whatever emergency managers advise them to do Those emergency managers urge South Florida to stay home today saying the driving will become increasingly hazardous as today progresses in other words this afternoon Not four weeks from Shivalis this afternoon But I tell you as me I told them Go home and take care of that wife and there's bright little kids If you're gonna drive in Brower to step in I have one word for you said the obnoxious Possum Brower Sheriff, Ken Jenny one word for you don't Schools are closed that it invade Brower counties people have east of the infre coastal in Brower We're advised to begin a vacuum in in clock this morning and red cross shoulders open and Brower to two Well, what they're gonna need red cross shoulders and Brower? What was that? You know for the trailer don't you think there's a little bit of over History ago it on here as you No, okay, and Palm Beach County limited evacuation orders Where you shouldn't some shoulders will open at one unless then half an hour and the a one o'clock Advisory's coming in a minute now because they're always coming about 1240 But despite the guidance from expert some businesses in schools remain open Florida and Atlantic University Pline keeps students in class to afford a staff in the Brown and Palm Beach counties But we laterally told them leave by one o'clock get out before a stool eight four castes have the center of the slow-overing rate Intense of system could reach land possibly in And possibly is a hurricane about it. You clock tonight, but Katrina's Corva surrounded by I see if it was 35 miles east of Boka And last blurb we saw about a half an hour ago and it's going like even six miles an hour My math tells me that's like maybe by six maybe even a little bit sooner But Katrina's Corva surrounded by multiple bands and as a matter of fact if you look at it You'll notice that the The brilliant yellows and a little bit of reds that were in there. There are dissipating That doesn't mean it's not going to like come back again, but right now it's mostly like greens If you were looking at it, which you're not and why why But Katrina's Corva regardless of the precise battle and fall four castes won the entire region of prayer for gusty wind and a severe soaking You're gonna be soaking it in fact maybe magic will come back to you announce you're soaking in it and were managed Yeah, she got the palm olive bitch. She's dead. No, Katrina was not expected to become an especially intense hurricane in time was running out Expressivized people have storm shutters to put them up especially if they live in Broward Palm Beach or Northern Dave and only relatively easy accordion style shutters Resonance you complete their preparations early today as possible Tony Carfer browser emergency management director said this morning Weather conditions will deteriorate throughout today. It's going to be a heavy rain event. You're going to be saying I'm dying over here Meanwhile Katrina was developing the classic spiral shape of trouble today a picture all too familiar to for reading Zephylisius for a reality Adiati about a BB me Let's see where's the thing about where it's gonna go That's all anybody cares about after at least out Florida on Friday Katrina's like the demand of problem for the state four castes expected One of the Gulf of Mexico regains strength make a sharp right turn and slam into the Florida panhand again Is overcame late Sunday early Monday You see this is God's punishment for the fat ass governor and legislature for not getting those Saw machines going you know sometimes you know God's got bad aim and he has to work in a secuad this way He could have gone you know underneath like slam Cuba again But then that would be another slap at Hugo Chavez He just got called for assassination by Pad Roberts and so if you're gonna heat spare him this time and come to South Florida right through Moz house So they're gonna cross probably get the beeslies over there in the west coast and then Zephyl up there to tell a hassy In punta gordo and it's not put the gordo by the way It's punta gordo for you idiots on the network so keep mispronouncing it over and over you have to ask the people live there They say punta gordo. Yeah, put the sounds that well I don't want to say punta because you know our crowd out there Yeah, yeah, bunch of purverts don't say that again in punta punta gordo to flatten last year by Hurricane Charlie Some residents already began preparing shoulders went up and boats came out of the water as people were hard hit just a year ago Rest in prayer for more wind and water. They're like, you know Let me say it then sorry is what they're saying over there Let's take a look at that pool. We got a hurry because we got that ball game of 130 right looping game show And it's really a shame our goal is 500 votes on the pool by 130 by game 10 467 our goal is 470 which religious nut you hate the most George W. Bush I mean nobody's gonna touch him and who would want to 201 Lewis Ferrican 53 drew a fall well 52 Pat Robertson is kind of slid in the behind 43 Jesse Jackson 31 the Pope 17 You see that they have to treat the Pope with respect. I voted for the Pope just to be different I did so that's two of those 17 is you and me or the two honest people We know how dangerous he is and how much he pain and suffering he and his predecessors of cause Look at those eyes disease Unwara unwanted babies Oh thank goodness by the way in the Iraqi Constitution they're saying that the girl of them to women by age nine They can be married age nine in Iraq. What are they like? What are they? Margargvers and of course the Kanko outside without their husbands and burqas right James Thompson 16 Al Sharpton 15 Jimmy's flag of 13 none of them. I'm religious not seven where seven religious nuts out there. Hey, let's take them out These games Kennedy seven Benny his six jab bush four for your fat ass governor John Ascroft who and Billy Graham doesn't have any because It's just you know is a doddering old toys about 190 years old and like they feel sorry for him even though of course He's a pepperable crap as they all are Don't forget after the Marlins Voguey Marlins and they'll look at that's the game. I have a feeling we got Curtis Stevenson about five or clocked There are bus hurricane hotline in the beast tonight and the any Kansho and 10 o'clock tonight another old Jew Is the meal runs another ball old June Alonzo years so big with everything going wrong Did what any of us would do he went on vacation It is hard work and it's hard work. It's hard work My job is to do my job. You know, I'm gonna do it the way I think is necessary I'm gonna set a vision I will leave and we'll just let the chips fall where they may invest evolved night side quit They say it can be present. It's hard work Everybody knows it's hard work. It's a In this hard work I know this human being and this can call it just these bullets Now get back to work. Thank you Abu Garraib. They're having a big party there. In fact all those the prisoners at quantum avoid give them and I'm sure they're enjoying that Comical paradise 1246 14 to one a Marlin pregame show at 130. Here's the water clock advisory on top of a storm Katrina And intermediate advisory number eight a one to have like a letter after number eight a I don't know I don't either but it says Katrina continues to strengthen as it moves slowly westward across the Florida Straits towards south east Florida A hurricane warning remains in effect for these southeast Florida coast from 0B South order Florida Florida City including Lake Oca Chobie Aï¿½ storm warning remains in effect for Grand Bahama Island limiting the very islands in the northwest Bahamas The warning has been discontinued for the remainder of the northwest Bahamas a tropical storm Lockerings and effect for the east central Florida coast from north of your obese northward to Tattisville including all of Merit Island And for the middle and upper floor to keys from the west end the ass ended the 7 mile bridge northward to south of Florida City A tropical storm marches also in effect for the Florida west coast from Florida City to Anglewood including Florida Bay For our LSE and one o'clock reports from Noah Dopber radar and a newer reconnaissance aircraft indicates a center of Proper storm Katrina was located near latitude 26.2 north and longitudinal 79.5 west or about 40 miles east north east of four Loderdale and about 40 miles east south east of Voka Voka Voka Vota do do do do do doy Katrina's moving toward the west near six miles an hour I you know I just want to interject it looks to me like a little jog that the north west I could be wrong about that but I don't think so, but they say and who the how am I right to doubt them right now? It's a little anyway Moving toward the west near six miles an hour this general larceness expected continue with a slight decrease in forward speed during the next 24 hours On this track the center should be near or over the southeast Florida coast later tonight or early Friday morning How is that possible? Probably Friday morning. Or maybe the mean like one or two in the morning. Oh, they're wrong Reports from a network of reconnaissance aircraft indicate maximum assistant wins have increased in here 65 miles an hour with higher gusts additional strengthening is expected today and tonight and Katrina could become a category one hurricane Before the center reaches these southeast and coast of Florida And I'm looking at those bands. Oh, look at that redness smack in the look on the alley. There's a big yellow blob Whoa Okay, we'll get starch Friedman our cables out our key your cable is not mine's on fine And for this and I very I'm glad you mentioned that I want to go back to the image I'm going to get the MS on the storm for MSNBC strong a surge flooding. Let's see the minimum central pressure was a 990 Millibars storm a surge flooding of two to four feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous Badering waves can be expected near and to the north of where the center makes landfall in Florida near and to the north Sounds like Storm surge flooding a two to four feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous bad and waves can also be expected In areas of I'll unsure wins into Bahamas, but we don't really care about them Due to its slow forward speed as the Japanese say about the Bahamians hubmim and beard Due to its slow forward speed Katrina's expected produce a significant heavy rainfall of an over South Florida And the central and northwest Bahamas mine total accumulations of six detainees are rainfall The isolated maximum amounts of 15 inches are possible isolated tornadoes will also be possible over southern Florida and the Florida Keys The water clock position again 26.2 north 79.5 west movement near six miles an hour and toward the west they're saying Maximum sustained 1665 Intermediate device becoming up a tree followed by completed advisory at five across from sure the interrupted a Marlon game For that three o'clock no intermediate advisory here on your news intensive keeping you informed community involved state WC away and I want to especially thank our news department So For keeping us in touch. I'm gonna tell you something if I didn't have this interness here I didn't have my tutor sitting here. We would have a clue what's going on I mean you got no window there. She have no I it could be like raining golf balls out there could be a Like watermelon slaining hail studs right and you would have no idea 17 probably heard on the roof. We'd be off the year. Oh, man. Would not be something if we went off the year Should have started doing an Indian rain dance for that about an hour and a half ago So your cables out here. Yeah, oh geez. That's bad minds on Thank you for being here. Okay She's an idiot isn't that that right wing bitch that's uh I can't keep track of these people Oh, they got that scream around there runny Reagan's junior. Oh my god. Hey Ronnie put a toe on the ground Too far we still igose the belly dancer and then I run a call these are right wingers It's a philishu fly and Tom Delay and Ellen keys and the Reagan's just amazing all right wingers They're and Dick Cheney with his bull-dike daughter She's even more bush than what's your name on passions? It just came out yesterday. Where's it today whenever she's coming out? What's her name? What is it? I don't know Whitney's sister Look at that thing. It's just I don't know the eye is like very strange But they're not like a lot of bright yellows and that thing I'm sure you're looking at it right now, aren't you? Oh, yeah, look at that It's all about your president who's a liar President forced to idea today that terrorists in convert see this is the thing that the media I don't get it. It's enough to drive you up the wall if you really started caring about it too much Did they end up at Robertson thing and all these lies and Cheney talking about the insurgency? That there was weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks ago, remember that? Yep Oh, it's all philisolinant and just about done and beneath the boat and rocks are lying through his teeth And they asked him about Pat Tillman and about that big cover up the other day. Oh, I don't know nothing about Yeah, hey, I'm Gary Jr President of Bush at yesterday that terrorists had converged on Iraq and pulling US troops out with only him bolden them as he sought to counter increased anti-war sentiment in the US The terrorist weren't there before the Iraq attack before the illegal invasion based on a pack of lies on the WMDs and regime change and all the other crap The stakes in Iraq couldn't be higher the Bush mice was said I book our rap the brutal violence interracadies Aclair sign of the terrorist determination to stop democracy from taking root in the Middle East you said Well, when's democracy gonna take place in Pakistan and in Saudi Arabia and in Egypt and all these and insurio Huh, look at the United States Well, we used to have it. I can remember it not that long ago that uproot until they stole that election in 2000 in me see this was a bloodless coup Well, it was bloodless till the Iraq attack and we got a lot of blood all over everybody's hands But it was a bloodless coup as they did these installed the election and took over control of the government And now they're pointing judges and some people are judges and they're like Change and laws and take it away your rights and we can't say crap on here anymore And we got that penny an ounce in your pants at the FCC You ain't seen nothing yet, baby. The room around here and is that she's digging back through every kind of stuff that's ever ever been said Even if somebody like farted on me, I'm not talking about a fart song or like for real I'm gonna find 80 million dollars You same-guin choked up about it. I'm gagging on it Panama City a man who once shouted kuku and then dropped his pants to moon a jury Remember that story? Nope has been convicted of attacking these girlfriends with a boss cutter Good thing he's done on my flight Cornell Jackson 31 could face up to 33 years in prison one sentence One isn't Oh, next week That's the penalty he received after two earlier trials in which convictions were reversed because he hadn't received formal competency hearings Jackson's lawyers argued he was legally insane when an a jealous rage over perceived attention a kisha Smith had paid with another man He slashed her on January 21st and 2nd of 2000 the second attack came after she returned home from getting her initial wounds Stitched in the hospital Jackson testified that he battles demons regularly with Jesus and Michael Arcangel He refused to attend it. You know Michael. Oh, yeah, good friends He refused to attend his first trial was removed from a second in 2003 after he beard his butt ox He dropped his pants to moon the jury Jackson was ruled competent. They prolonged your convicted and Friday Have we made a battery aggravated a solvety deadly weapon on burglary I may be after his draft his pants. It was a solvety dead weapon. I'm not really sure Riot carry oh, and please don't tell me that she really has the number one hit in the country is that really true I didn't have a nightmare. How would I know it's true? I read it. I read it. I read it on Algois Internet So it might be true scary moriacuric. Can she sing? Oh, she attracted it. Oh, how about that one boobin middle of her chat? Oh Pop super star moracurius reportedly furious with m and m for playing intimate answer phone messages She left him to huge audience is doing his anger management tour the lead belong together singer left the voice mail on the raft for the raft star when he worked on Kerry charm bracelet out in 2001 Page six dot com reports the private messages feature Kerry begging I heard you were getting back with your S. Why why won't you see me? Why won't you call me? You're not killing me The wrap would then pretend to vomit into a prop toilet on stage And like you were some puke with features lines of putting you make me sick Well, she really is desperate. You know first it was at least Miguel was thinking about the screamer No, you never know Ron Maybe no more continue on to France. Yeah, maybe they will hey Ronnie you fair. Oh my god He don't even have like a tonia a lot of ground that screamer Ronnie Reagan Jr give me a break Interesting how things how they have this way of turning around you know That's what stuff always except them things have a way of turning around This is new Rogers this is by 16 The world is the world they will communication division Normally comprised of broadcast engineers, but now your overlords of decency is pleased to announce our new T.C. morality queen the I mean chief No, it's the queen and the real church lady I mean that this country was founded on new Christian values which is a tomb but we say it was now Rupert you are hereby ordered to fill not additional airtimes with pro bush proper gander Hmm HBO show time Center max stars of the world they're all off the air to be replaced by the Trinity network Trinity meaning the father the son of the Holy Ghost not a ghost like Casper But a real those oh that reminds me leave those stupid plumber guys on till they find the Holy Ghost not Ghost like boo but the Holy Spirit himself my white blue Jesus I want to cleanse his feet foot fetishes are hereby approved Where a burn in books to starting with the wizard of us we Christians have always hated that book for the long this time now Something about a gate prisoner something is real happy believe gay people calls 9 11 although I did like irreversible Kenya Jesus with it it's 101 and 5 60 is 20 minutes away from the Marla pregame show Here it man with let's see we got Dave and boring in the racy foxy and Josh is telling it a rock is good really good There's been good isn't that what you said it was a ducson at the other day, but oh So with you don't agree. No, I cook I I think I heard it said the rock is not getting really good Is there anything you son of more like yobi all the time? Oh man oh, then I'm gonna tell you something I can hear it now. We're gonna have like a duet with mo do do do do yoli and a new one Do what do you yeah? Do yeah, do do do do do do you You'll be pleased at all since you hate that thing I play all the time because it's not the original thin Lizzy one Right then I'm not playing the boys about contribute to I'm not playing that going on the ball game good Aren't you excited? I am what do you got? No, what do you have against it? I think it's pretty good. It's uh, it's a that's for one thing Well, no, it's not so we all say Well, if you want to go on by the thin Lizzy video, I really have no need for it I'll put them here if you want to be to I don't want you to and let's mix it up a little bit We don't want to hear that crap again Okay, so now you got I don't know what's wrong about I don't know are we you're right? I don't like Yeah, okay, that's enough I don't know why they couldn't have been a little more true to the original, but then they know they have all these great arts Let's say on your man, huh? That's what people do when they remake they destroy musicians from the following bands are when this motor hit Ozzy Osborne rainbow Alice Cooper white snake iron maiden Huh, are you said we all mighty foreigner black Sabbath you're right? Heep. Oh, man. What a heep Anyway, I'll surprise you. Oh, here's the the Amazon the storm the cane center it has gained strength We can go up to about 85 miles an hour and again about 10 miles off a coast of Fort Lauderdale We expect it to make landfall sometimes tonight between 8 p.m. and midnight eastern time Possibly again as a small category one hurricane Then here's the path of Katrina it will move right across the South Central peninsula Exiting about maybe late afternoon Friday evening right right neighbors Is there taking it out gonna rain gating a little bit of strength maybe possibly back up to a category one hurricane in the warm Gulf of Mexico waters and then back in through the panhandle early Monday morning Rain event for those folks up there as well as South Eastern Georgia let's talk about rain You can see those outer rain bands spreading all the way across the sunshine state and we do have some floodwatches In effect for most of South Florida so even here in I miss NBC to talk about the outer bands ones that I just listed for there That who did that music a training device mistakenly left by a secret service contractor Washington hotel was the suspicious package not that people are nervous you understand that prompted a building evacuation Sunday afternoon law enforcement services said the FBI and Secret Service and teams of investigators to the Mayflower hotel just a few blocks from the White House after the package was found a lot of people right in around with dangerous packages According to Farell It was a hotel employee who discovered it Initially a spokesman for Washington's foreign emergency management services department said the package appeared to be a hoax It appeared to be a deliberate attempt to make people think it was a real device and Alan Edder It was made to look like the real thing. Oh, yeah, I know people And then you find out it's not the real thing just like that tape we got from the Harald or show I remember who that died. I do what he had to get no I'll speak to that arm with a tape measure what are Segway Tosin Maryland arm with the tape measure so phia Jennings keeps your eyes open for overgrown weeds in the ears of the yards that have them This is this is what America has become Jennings a Baltimore County code enforcement officer checks on residents who are not in compliance with rules about overgrown lawns In most area jurisdictions letting grass grow more than a foot higher eight inches in Baltimore City is against the law In some jurisdictions the grass tops coming in form of code enforcement officers and others public works official This kind of reminds me of the the tree people you had the citrus tanker. Yeah, and others public works officials are Environmental health workers are assigned to the test. We actually have a grass ruler Said Tommy how cheap of zoning enforcement of harford County the number of complaints varies by county And so does the process that follows the complaint although each county uses some foreign notification process and time for landowners to comply with the law Officials say the goal is the same everywhere for property owners to cut back the grass and weeds Cluttering around so we already has a grass for each talking about a different kind of grass Talking about that wacky weed now we got the grass fully. He's talking about the grass in school and audio yard oh Give me a break Located to a modern expanded naval hospital in Bethesda, Maryland not too far and a closing up all the read medical center How do you like that who is too liberal for them? What religious? Not do you hate the most that's our poll question? They here's our last peek at it. You can take a peek at it yourself when you go to our worst stage of weed all those intellectual stories That Joshua so hard to put on there and then I work that I scoured to find George W. Bush two two two two I keep asking you if you remember that show room 222 with Karen Valentine and I always say no, but bookbundas Oh, that's because he's old like me old chicken neck Laura Lewis for a con 50 years six jury follow 55 look at that They're like as to ask kind like Jennifer Conley Pad Robertson 46 Jesse Jackson 35 Al Sharpton and the Pope have 20 of peace ever seen them together That late like James Dawson 16 Jimmy swagger 13. I have seen the DJM's Kennedy 10 Hurlent jib bush nine none of them. I'm more religious not nine Benny hints six John Ask draw three and Billy Graham out of 520 votes our goal by the way is 500 for the show today just to make us feel better about life And we got 520 already. I like that. That's pretty good. I guess we probably got a captive audience everybody's inside glued to the radio to get the latest and they had greatest And on this catastrophe that's about to take place. It was gonna drown. I just I just think there's a little bit of Overreaction here. I could be wrong, but whether I'm there or here or any place else that's always the but that's the floor to happen by man The South Florida, in way everybody I saw some stories on here on the working web people showing pictures of people buying lumber again It's stocked up on all the bottle water it's the same old overreaction Did you go out and buy a whole bunch of bottle water? No, I was gonna get gas for the generator, but then you know what happened? Guys, for generators you don't think that you're gonna lose power doing this if we add like a little rain Huh, it's on right now. It's me again Doosh when you're done. Okay. That's Bob from FP and L. Now of course we like FP and L lot going. Oh, yeah, heaps and gods They're the best if a pigeon's got diarrhea man you're gonna lose power Speaking of that a man in Columbia Kentucky, Clyde Odie and his swimming trucks and wielding a baseball bat Went on a vanillars and spree at the home of his estranged wife and her former husband and smashed his pickup truck through the back doors of the A dear county court house I guess you might say and fired up Rarl Graham Webb of Columbia Kentucky faced multiple charges from the Screen last weekend including driving out of the influence criminal most of burglary and driving without insurance Oh, drive without insurance if that was a crime in South Florida, man you're all being jail. Firstly in Dave County He made an initial court appearance this past Monday cleaning out killed of the charges A breathalized emergency website is blood alcohol level at Point 19 well evolved the legal limit of point zero eight web using an aluminum bed Legally struck three vehicles in the driveway at the home of Steve Franklin the ex husband of webs is strange wife Web's wife Marsha moving in the home after she separated from web this month and found for divorce We have also allegedly broken the house leaving damage estimated at 25 grand among the Adam severely damage were two televisions Two computers air conditioning unit three fans 10 mirrors two compact disc blurs five door several walls Apologies in a pair of three. He also shattered the turlet that sounds to me like the worst crime of a mall wouldn't it be Indeed what you do without that torsol and bus the family had been away to Kentucky state fair Oh, state fair with Pat Bullen member there though Wesley said that we've been drove to the court house door shortly after 930 p.m. on Saturday the court house was closed at the time Thank God nobody was in Just got a little work up that's you American way just come down a Florida baby You know I just sized and peo just blow a bunch of people and make you feel better because they're all dangerous Yeah, it's hard to believe but that's that's just the way it is just like Jim Plancy said on CNN International yesterday or Tuesday remember that though about Pat Robertson and the fact that he plays on the ignorance of the American Oh, I have no idea what's going on around the rest of the world and they know nothing nothing about geography or history or anything Accord events he plays to the fact that there's millions of egg narrators in America and look what you got from president Abu Gara Ray batched through it even though they had a steal it You know for years Armstrong for the homestead is always treated everybody just like family and they wonder We're still not for right now to you the join their family Ford nationally is extended their Ford family plan offer through September 6 and right now right this moment at Armstrong for the homestead They'll give you the same great price you know every Ford motor company employee and their families get Not only you get family employee pricing, but you also get Armstrong for its exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for limited time with any new car purchase You're gonna get a cover TV free so what you'd be waiting for man pick up the phone right now and talk to David rich call 305 247 51 12 you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place no bait and switch no phony deals This fantastic car for his only waiting for you at Armstrong for the homestead where they always treat you just like family Armstrong for his economy local wound and up right in best president general manager David rich invites you to bring your family to meet our family Armstrong for homestead you us want to southwest 307 street 20 minutes south of the 836 you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place in town Besides from fact we'll bet fat boys life on it. That's how sure I am check them on the web Armstrong cars.com and give David a call of 305 247 51 12 and ask about the Ford family planned today travel to the lecture and save thousands and billions and billions of dollars at Armstrong Ford of homestead This is Neil Rogers This is 565 I turned the knob on my radio I heard a crappy song by Jay low must be pale Earth a pay pay Fale They put it on the air even though it sucks cuz so many paid them a stop San Jo Now Shining around the door of most musical guidance Well, I'm not surprised at the trickle guys you failed Look, they failed, they failed Look, they failed, they failed Anybody you are not failed They failed, they failed The 43-year-old North Carolina North Country man is made to get us book a world record in a new entry for the longest eyebrow here Frank Ames of Serenac and Clinton County Measure that 3.078 inches or about 7.8 centimeters A, eight-year-old heart out in the Rudy Yeah, I don't understand why Maybe he doesn't have any hair on his head But people like when you get in her cut don't you have them trim your eyebrows Sometimes they do it without asking, you like does it? Right, yeah, well, I mean that's because they don't want you to look like some kind of a clown Like any, really One of the sloppiest sloppiest slurp Oh, there's just so many of these people over the years And I think he's, he nasty looking eyebrows Just makes them more gross to look at Maybe it's a distraction from the rest of their face Lean at pregnant Oh brother, yeah, there's another good one Long, there used to be some like Union guy AFL CI was a John Lewis was that his name Had those big black eyebrows Must have waited about 14 pounds of peace Now great, and I don't go get a haircut anymore Because I do my own thing with that primer Right, but I certainly trim my eyebrows I don't want like big, oh Jesus I don't know why it grows like that It just always has Ames told the press for Republican or Plants for New York Ames journey to a notoriety Began almost two years ago when a co-worker At Bombardier Corp noticed a bushy brow And suggested you try for a record Ames then decided to go for it But discovered that no such category existed So we made a phone call to Guinness And we said a bunch of forms through Pilot and rules for officially getting recognized Can joy and machine this measuring expert at Bombardier Measured they heard in February 2004 With Plants for Mayor Daniel Stewart and the city's entire Common Council standing by as witnesses Now Ames is on page 24 of the 2006 edition End of Body Parts section Well, I wonder what other body parts they have on there Huh? It's crazy how much people want to know about this Ames said this week I've been on radio shows all day I could build children's hospitals all across the world And this is what I would still be known for Bushy eyebrows That's the American African Wayman Pathetic Peru in the Anna I don't even know what a hell that is No, well that's an appuru South America It's a Latino obsession with drugs It's a it's in their blood Not so much the Cubans though, except for George But more like the you know Colombians in Manith, Whalins I don't know about the Peruvians Me the cuck Acoustoning was arrested for making meth Inside the first Baptist church where he worked Virtue game mostly 30 Screw in the Anna has been charged with the Family Manufacturing Methanphetamine within The 1,000 feet of a youth center Well, I guess he figured a business would be closed by you know Sure, he was arrested Monday after Miami credit That's Miami Ohio sheriff deputies discovered materials used to make the drug In church, all right, you gotta be on drugs to go to church You have to be a crazy person He was released for the Miami County jail on bond 2 They also charged with possession of stolen property Possession of precursors within 10 to manufacture meth and maintaining a common Nusence deputy searched his home and pick up truck where they Conceirval loaded handguns if looting one that had been reported stolen But you know what they didn't do they didn't shoot I can't I'm for Anthony. Well, I just keep thinking about that story I didn't listen about that call We had that they were vice squad cop that jackass that swapped The jackass that swapped the team I dropped it. Yeah, he had a scale Yeah, maybe I'm gonna put your ass on it. God probably break the bank But I'm just Give me another beer Oh, what he gets less. Oh, you can get a little piece of play I am all I'm going here I'm going here I'm like honey That's for you I'm going to do it And I saw why in turn You Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I'm gonna go to the store! I'm gonna go to the store! I'm gonna go to the store!