Not one of the numbers of that, though. Well, he doesn't have much to compete against. He's going to want to have a job of competing. As we say, yeah. If she doesn't read numbers, the dog's guard on that note and you get a Joel Finder off said, well, I got some real good, uh, some real good, good, good, undiole Finder. Really, right? You made the right choice by not going over there. Uh, it was, it would want to work for a guy that gets so unbalanced every time he hears me mention his name on the air. Stirs throwing furniture. Next thing you don't have to put in this fist through the wall. Why would happen? We can do it. We're not sure from the inside. All kinds of hysteria going on over there. Oh, I can see this is a ticket, 791. I like inside stuff. Well, this is inside, man. You can't get more inside than this. Yeah. So Joel Finder who faints himself as a regular radio guru now because he's got a lot of money. He puts some horseball, funny, balloony station. Father has money. Oh, there you go. See, that's even worse. Just like Stu got's. Maybe that's what they haven't come in. He got daddies with a lot of money. That's it. So anyway, the word from inside the building over there is that every time I mention his name and fame on the air, he just throws a fit and actually it was thrown furniture at one point without a loved oven, a flimer while to see that. And also also from what was that during the Joe Rojo over there that there's simply these intermittent screaming matches between Jo and Joel. I've heard that. A lot of F bombs going back and forth. I've heard that. Yeah. So this business about Joe Rojo's hates QAM. I think he's got that back. Maybe Joe Rojo's hates Joel Findberg is what I'm thinking of. That's what the word is on the ground. Well, I'm told the same thing. Yeah. Well, it's just the way it's frustrating. You know, when he spent a lot of money and he gave the dolphins for an half million bucks a year and come to find out that you're a loser. You know, if they have to have the Montpellien Mart telescope to see their numbers. Although, and I noticed that they didn't hire Sid Rosenberg yet from the fans. I don't know that. That would be their secret weapon. Sid the kid. I ain't know they were doing that. Well, they aren't hiring me. They talked to him because you got, you know, he got dumped off the fan. I'm as so. Yeah. He just had a little bit of a boozing and gambling problem, I guess. I had more problems than that. Really? Yeah. I'll be damned. Well, plus the fact that he looks and sounds so much like Vogue Diedel, that that's a 10 strokes against the right off the bat. I think he's got a few problems. I hope he works a lot. He's not a bad fellow. Yeah. Well, it's just, in fact, I hope they do harm. That would be a real good place for him to rehab. Parts of Penn Station have been shut down in New York. Yeah. And like we really believe this stuff. You know, it's a talk about wagging the dog. This is wagging the universe is what Bush is doing now. It comes on yesterday. It makes his 85th speech about the war on terror in last three days. So today they released this thing about the subway system and women and baby carriages. Yeah. Right. Trying to try to change the subject and that worked from the attention from Carl Roe and the school to liberty and Bill Fist and Tom Delay. And the fact that the whole depot cards is crumbled apart. So now it's back to safety, safety in the war on terror. And just coincidentally, yesterday we get this press conference on the same day that he screaming about the great job we've done or hurting three out kind of text. And as soon as we find out that Jose Padilla, the so-called suitcase bomber was one of them. You know, it's all a bunch of lives because he hasn't done a damn thing. Isn't even accused of doing anything. They're just holding him in death and move like, hey, well, let's hang on to him. It looks good. When the ratings drop, you sphere is right. But it is the most you'll try that. I understand, I was going to try that tag. Is that what it is? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my god. A lot of fear. Fear, fear, fear, fear. Fear the sound of that voice. Yeah. Oh, see, you're always back to watching. Going, I got you going. Well, you think it'd be me going. I'm tuned in on Joel Findbridge today. I want to find, get it. We pull it when I come back from vacation. That he picked up his desk and come back from watch. Vacation. Again? Yeah, Monday. This is it for me for a week. What do you mean again? Man, I've been working almost a month now five days a week. That's heavy, duty. You're a good one to talk. You got more races and more. Yeah, but I work. I think you make up half of these races. They'd just supposedly cover. But I didn't take, well, yeah, that's right. That's not me on television. That's of a, that guy would go out. That they were like five, at least close to five thousand empty seats. And to panther open to be on that side of the sign. I also found out that the game was just permanently boring. I thought they played a really good game from what I read about it. But yeah, long walk. Walk it a little longer. Walk it a little longer. Well, he's always great. He's the one to keep some in all the games. But getting the inside reports, it was another coma inducer. So they better crack it up a little bit tonight against the lighting. Because it looks like the lightning are going to be really good again. That's the Stanley cup champion lighting. I guess that the question or question is, is this going to become like a real rivalry in this. No, no. I don't think the lighting and the panthers that would put that rivalry on the same level would be devil rays and the marlins and the bucks and the dolphins. And it's just, it never materialized. This big cross-state rival. And I think most of the reason for that being that the people in Sanford couldn't give a flying crap less about Tampa. We just, we don't care about Tampa and rightfully so. I mean, anybody cares about the only good thing in Tampa's Bernstein, Calcantana, tell us. That's it. Yeah, that was the other place I liked over there. What was that? Malios. I'm pretty good to say, Mom's weakness. No, that place is still open. I know. Malios? I think I ate their ones. Malios is good. Well, it's got a tellers in very good. So this kind of course, Bernstein calls. Wow. It is something else. Why is it that those mugwams out there got so many good restaurants? They're never been able to figure that out. Just a platter of great restaurants. Well, Bernstein's been there forever. Yeah. Don't tell us. I think his Malios brother. Yeah. He's a big fan of mine. I'll say to that. I've had an open invitation to eat. If freebies in the down to tell us anytime I want. I mean, I thought I'm going to Tampa to go to just talk and eat it. Don't tell us. Not like good Italian food. I go to Rome. You know, when you make any couple of bucks, you want a nice guy to handle. And then he's or I go to Cafe Mararano. Anthony's runway 84. That is. Yeah. One ambiance man. I love it. And guess who else loves Anthony? runway 84. Don't do it. Yeah. I saw him there once. Get out of here. I did. And did he invite you to sit down at the table and. Are you congratulating? No. Down. Yeah. Did he speak? Let me ask you a question. No, no, seriously. Did you guys speak? Yeah. Hello. Come on. Don't do it. That's bad. What are you going to say? I don't know. I mean, I think he'd least fake a little convivial of you or something there. You wouldn't believe how fast I could walk at times. Yeah. Yeah. Runway 84 sensational. That's been there a long time. It's very important. Before I've been in town almost 30 years now. I've heard of man. They're a very long time. They opened a pizza place. Well, they have two of them now. Yeah. Really good. You can finish the appetizer lucky. Microsoft's getting the entry. They just bring enormous amounts of food. I've never seen anything like that. And it's not just volume. It's really quality food. It's a new pepper. The best. Yeah. They have a fantastic food. It runway 84. So anybody can get a freebie over there. Go see my friend Jericho to track Hillhawk. I pay there. I don't. I always buy everything. There's a couple of times. So I'm not an market being diabetic in fat. Not that, you know, it relates to you. But I'm not an market for meals like that. One good meal like that could put me in the box. You know what you can go there. You don't have to eat like that. Yeah. Yeah. I know you can have meal. And you can eat. It's easy to say they have a great chicken dish there. I don't have it. Again, old Jews, forget about chicken. When we were young, we were fed too much chicken. And that's what that already. Seriously. If I, like when I go to Italy, do you think that I eat meal? I don't really eat meal or stuff like that. I had to toss the man. Mine's your mind, Jim. You have never had anything like that. What even to Rome? Yep. And you're right. Wow. Almost any trotterry in the city. I mean, there's a couple that are just really special for me. But almost any of me can just go in and it's always spectacular. Well, I don't know about you, but I'm ready for some heavy gambling. Are you really? Yeah. No, I'm not going to be gambling. I'll be in Europe. Where you headed? Berlin. Oh, you know, that's a great city. It is. I know that. You have to tell me I've been in many times. I love it. I like who does great? The people are friendly and you have a wonderful and great. And just a very modern because we blew the whole thing up after WW2. And they're toward the ASN. So they had to rebuild the whole city. So we're really modern. If, in any way, there would never have been there. I know the first time I went there, I was shocked. I thought, see, this is really a modern upscale beauty house. It's a fantastic place. Yeah. Amazing. I went there with the dolphins. The last year I did the dolphins. In fact, I flew back on the same plane with Mike Disney. I thought I was set. Really? And then, low and behold, Gary Bruce got rid of me. Yeah, boy, Gary. My ex-nabor boy, Gary. Yeah. Never get to think him knocking on my door out. As long as I live, I'll never forget that. I wouldn't have to get that either. To come in and tell me that he was leaving. And I guess I was supposed to be depressed and sad about it. And then after he left, I was like, high-fiving myself. I was just doing a Kuzanski and living room. I was always... Yeah, when I went there with the dolphins, I said, you were there for a week. And I stayed in the eastern zone. I stayed in the hotel over there. It was really nice. And it was a block away from a casino. In fact, on a roof. Oh, no, don't tell me that. I know they're Kuzsinos there, but I've never been in one. Oh, it was great. They don't have slot machines there. No. Good. There's very civilized casino. I see. I suppose to... Oh, now did you hear that story that I read yesterday about that New Orleans survivor about the slots? No. Oh, this... This... I thought Judge Kordes was going to have a nurse break down because he's been so anti-slot for so long. This is a woman who, uh, a 50-some-year-old black girl, lady from Manororans. And she's displaced. She stayed with a lady front of her, up in... Oh, palooces. Is it Louisiana? They have some race tractor? Yeah, man, I've been to that track. Well, what a... who had a suspend of opaluses. Anyway, she was standing there, so she had her $0.00 per person. And she was going to the market to get a couple items. And she stopped at... She stopped at that track, the race track where they have slots. And she went in and she had $0.20 bill. She put in 17 quarters. That's $4.25. And she had to jackpot for $1.6 million. Wow. I mean, I was so depressed to read that. I just wanted to jump out my window. And I live on a high floor. I mean, I just couldn't... Is that something? 17 quarters. And she has $1.6 million. That doesn't get you through life today. It helps. Hey, I'll tell you one thing. I take it. Yeah. I would choose how to take it. Now, if you would hit for a million six, would I be hearing from you a week from Monday? Oh, yeah. Now, that's not enough to do it. Yeah. Now, like I did buy an anticipation before I leave, which I'm leaving today, but before I leave, I did buy quite a few six 49 lot of tickets here. Yeah. Because the jackpot tomorrow night is 14 million. 14 million. I wouldn't see you. And I will go online and they got a great internet cafe in Berlin. So I will go online and check the numbers. Now, I'm taking the tickets with me. So I can see if I won. And of course, if I did win, I will become back for quite a while. So I'll be making a grand tour of Europe. Sour Broughton with Red Cabbage. I'm Jones and for that now. And the best Brought Worst in the world. And Venus snitzled down the food there as a day. You know, something about I did a feature while I was working for WTVT. When I was there with the dolphins that year. I did a feature. I did a well-fred neck with Tony. And I did a feature about a guy from New York who opened the first chain of hot dog stores in Berlin. You know, they haven't had hot dogs in Berlin. They haven't worsted. Right. Oh, yeah. They got cray worsted in brought words in. Yeah. This guy brought the, he brought the high grades formula with him and opened up a chain of hot dogs stand. And he was doing very well. And he wound up with the teacher concession. A checkpoint Charlie. Really? And the guy gave me the greatest line I've heard in interview. I asked him, what inspired him to do that? He said, well, he said, I was watching Tom Brokeau when the wall came down. And I saw the handwriting on the wall. And he moved to Berlin. I'll be damned. And got all these businesses. Yeah. Excellent move. Yeah. West in New York is in many ways a lot more civilized. They're just given not in Germany. They don't have a personal hygiene problem that I've noticed there. But in some of the companies like Holland for example. And in France. So they make the product. And they make the product. You know, body odor. Yeah. That's it. All right. Gamey. Yep. You see, you know, you know, how about a bar of coaster like that body wash. You don't even have to worry about dropping it. Do something. But they just, uh, not into it. And also Eastern Europeans. Wow. Holy moly man. Really, uh, earthy. You know, I mean the salt of the earth. Earthy isn't. Wow. I don't know if it was, uh, when. Oh, stinker. Germany. If it was that or I was traveling with Rick. Yeah. Rick. And now that's interesting. You would say that because now they ought to. And so it not just me. Rick we were really, uh, and that was his big reputation. Be sad being a hard ass is that he, uh, didn't smell too good. But he was great. He was great on the air. You know what? Tell what you will. Oh, I always said that. Yeah. He was a sensational. Well, you have a nice weekend. And you know, we're in a wonderful trip. I will. I envy you. Well, I hope that you and Mo, uh, you know, men, your fences and have dinner together at 184. If I, that would be a good. That would be a great place. I could make a prediction for it. Actually, oh, test you. It was a great place to hide the gun and the team. They have this whole faction, turret man. Yeah, right. I can. I can. Now that we got to new lawn effects in Florida. Oh, okay. I can give you one sure thing that won't happen while you're gone. I can. I can just hear it now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. That. Have a good time. Yeah. Hey, you, too. Thank you. You. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Everybody patting, Madder. What does coming to an end? This is a good amount of house and cars all the time. Where are we? We. We. We. We. We. We. That must be. They have so good to have. That's not okay. Oh, oh, suspicious package. Near the Amtrak portion of Penn Station. That's why they showed it down. I got all the people in there. Has met our Fits. You see that? I'm watching it. Yes. In the real Hassman, I'll fit in there. And maybe even from the baby carriage, too. When they do lay their backs, what's really mean? And if I know something new, just you would like a yellow light. They're done by the corporate being your wife. And that's why we have a yellow light. Oh, my God. That's explained. I'm eating up what these lights do. What these lights all wish. Is that his sense? With a set of no better than the normal cars. Oh, oh. It's been a time and it wasn't his sense. And you say, have a yellow light. Oh, my God. Something they can't survive. We have a yellow light. Okay. Okay. Hey, Joel, fine. Where can you spell loser? Look at the lyrics for it, hard loser. 1014, that's some great news that we've heard this morning. It's just the tickles my fancy. But what great way to go out on vacation knowing if fancy what you're getting to somebody. Yeah, I mean, what's he worried about? He's got more, you know, his daddy's got more money than God. And if they lose that on a lost venture, but there he goes. He's always barrel some from Stugas's daddy. Huh? Who's your daddy? So anyway, look at a 1014 already. No, tell me. Great time on a great Friday. October 7, of course. Like I said, diverting attention from all these other stories. And at least scandals now. If the Dickacard's the Bush house of cards is coming crumbling down. Let's start getting back to safety safety safety. And we got all this stuff. Huh? And we interrupted three potential alcat attacks, including that very dangerous suitcase. Suitcase bomber Jose Padilla, and of course the one in Buffalo and one in Detroit, which have already been deep bunked as being totally figurated. But nevertheless, three, I heard it was 40. I heard it was 400, but they just haven't given us the details yet. Probably by Rob Moon. This is Neil Rogers. What are you calling? Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unblock all electrical appliances to our radio's and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day. And for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market Down. Oh, right. 1018 at 516 WQA and we got more Howard David. And to a clock. Curtis in for the mad dog before. And then you got your pants and preview of 7. That's it. Tampa Bay lighting. We stand to cup champion lighting to play the pants. As if the bank had landed camp at the right to center at 730 and then ed. K after the hockey game. But it'll still have to play something like this. Kind of embarrassing here and about the thousands of empty seats for the home open. Or after all that time. Wow. It's pretty weak. It's been a pretty weak. We got more dead Americans in Iraq. Bad news from Iraq. Again, bomb blast killed six Marines in western Iraq. And US forces killed 29 militants. And US offensive aimed at uprooting al-Qaeda and surgeons have the country's vote on that new constitution. The American dance brought the total to a nice even 1950. That's easy to remember. That was a hell of a year, 1950. That's the number of troops of deaths in the beginning of the war of 2003. Quarterly AP counter. Counting. Yes. Numbers. Numbers on a wall somewhere on the chart. Not like people. Not like human beings living in breathing. But just numbers on the chart. 1950. Market Down. Okay. So, we're going to do a couple of the poll. The poll we're doing today about presidential hopefuls. I know this is the Joe of fine. We have it on their justice. Extra aggravation. At least your consistent baby. He's got. Oh, just like the numbers they have on their. In the. Arbitron rating. Oh, point something. Oh, he's got. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, no. Oh, man. That is such great news. And you know, on an ally? Because we do anything to hurt him. That's what I hear. Yeah. We'll do anything to hurt them. Except for Joe. We like Joe a lot. And, uh, Stu. And not Stu. And he's got us. We can't stand him. He's an idiot. And Zach. We like Joe and Zach Krans. Other than that, uh, hubm in Dread as they say in Vietnam. Now, what is the funniest TV show of all time? That's what we asked yesterday. How many votes we've got? 2009. How do you like that? 2000. A weekday poll. This puts us in really, uh, very serious and dangerous territory. Didn't we have like 1200 or almost 1200 during the show, right? Right? I'm pretty damn impressed. And we already got four hundred and nineteen on the poll today. And we haven't even gotten close to getting into that. Uh, Joe still's got, uh, well, somebody please vote for him. I'll start showing my chairs in, uh, brick a bracket and crap around. Brick a bracket. Yeah. Riff wrap. Uh, so the deal is, I didn't realize that. That across the street is the broadcast studio. But there, uh, business offices are in Hollywood. I was that like, uh, where we used to be with Jackson. I don't know. Well, well, why not? This is important crap. Man, we need to know. No, no, a lot about that outfit. Well, you better start digging pretty deep. Cause I got some very good old this morning. Some real dirt, some nasty dirt on what's happening over there. They're coming on glued. And when the general manager starts to inferniture and putting his fist through the wall, you know he's coming on glued. Oh, not little about that. What's the funniest TV show of all time we asked yesterday, sign fell 275. I don't know. 275. A little value. A little value. 248. What? I think that's a little padded by maybe a hundred votes. Maybe. Who cares? We don't care. But all the money we're making for getting more than 2,000 votes on the four of years today. My God will probably be here to retire in a couple of weeks. I'll just come back from vacation just to long enough to save by by. Sign fell 275. All in the family 248. The Simpsons 148. South Park 127. Money Python's flying circus 120 there. Absolutely sensational. Family guy 83. Triple show 77. Most of that no more. You have to go out and buy the DVD to the old ones. Very rich children 74. The three stewardes 58. SNL said in it live. 46. 40. 45. She is. 43. And I bet you time to take a boat. You know how many of those were his? I'm 33. Honeymoon is 42. Tonight Joe with Johnny Carson. He is Johnny 41. I love loosely 36. Daily show John Stewart 35. But he'll show 31. Jeffers and said. I'm 29. Stanford in 1729. But there's a long list here to read. The original Jackie recent show The Hollywood News was a segment that later became its own show right. Right. I don't know. The Ali G show and the Goncher we said 20. How much is the Goncher was better? S.C. TV 19. Herbert Edson 19. Laf and 18. Steve Allen Show 18. So 15 don't drop it. Show a show with 174. And Amgene Coco and Carl Reiner and Howard Morris. Everybody loves Raymond 14. Taxi 11 arrested development 10. The news is too many on here to read. It'll take me till noon to read all of these. But I will. Super sales show 10. David Letterman 10. Did we get Letterman on here twice? No. You sure? I don't know. Are you being served nine? That's 70 show eight. Now that is a real laugh ride man. That's a caution. Tom Green Show 7. Hogan's hero is 7. Will and Gray 7. Mary Hartman 7. The month's do 7. Friends 6. Riko Vachow 6. For all of us old timers. Hey, Ronnie. It's slippery road. Rocky and Volacle 5. That should have done better than that. Malcolm in the middle five gets smart five. I do Medini five. Frasier 4. Nightcore 4. WKRP and Cincinnati. The KRP of course. Standing for crap. 4. Dick Van Dyke show 4. Mercaston. Some videos for. Jothna. Wonder Show. And the Adam's family each had three. A pair of votes for good times. Or I love that theme. Work in Mindy and you bet your live. Grotto. Marks 2. One for Benson happy days and be rich. And Laverton surely this makes me feel redeemed about the whole human race. Laverton surely had. There we go. That's a real smile. Joe Finder just voted for himself. Can you believe that? How that is really. Oh my god. And Harrison he just voted for himself or president. Talk about our one way ego man. Wow. Joe, you may be at you lunatic. You're fair. God. So anyway, here's the deal. And I'll just, you know, if you want to believe it, find or write ahead if you want to get sucked in. The only the only person I can think of. Do you remember what I don't remember what year was. I guess it was before the it was last year, early in the year. When the game one of their phony terror alerts and they were raising the color code and from pink to char truce. And the only one that had the balls to like tell it like it was. The Howard Dean. Remember that? Yeah. I'll be more sure very clearly. I do. It was all just to try to get the public. That's right. It's still working. And not a half hour later, they try to doubt Joe. You leave or man. Right. I know Tom raised personally. He would never do anything like. Everybody backing away from it. Yeah. Wasn't it Julie? Remember, wasn't he the guy that macaroni and she's good, you know. For 15. What was the name of the, there was an aim for that couple. I don't know. The little slurry. No, no, the winers. The winers. Don't ever that? No. The winers. I think that was STTV. The winers. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. The macaroni and cheese. And the only way had to balls. Howard Dean. Tom, rage and always. Again, a man. They may regret. Read, look like a boy's god. Come with the line. They're just unbelievable. The earth city subway system was put under height and alert. Yesterday after officials received information from the FBI about a specific threat. Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said, not that they're playing politics with this. You don't understand that. All the way said he's the right in the subway. This morning. He has daughters right in. And he has no problem with that. But it's dangerous. A well-placed US. It's interesting because the federal government saying, I ain't no thing. And it's got no credibility. And the New York people are saying, oh, a well-placed US military official told CNN yesterday. The same intelligence also led to a way to get suspected. I'll kind of operatives in Iraq. And of course, keep in mind before our attack. There wasn't a well-cut in Iraq. But nevertheless, there were indications that a terrorist attack on the Earth subway system is possible in the coming days. New York police commissioner Ray Kelly said possible. Both he and Bloomberg were declining for the details. Siding security concerns. I see. But then we were getting leaks about baby carriages. And then the package they had that they were looking at this morning. And don't forget, if anybody's got like a backpack, that's the world. We see it. We see it. And then somebody's got a backpack. Just blow your brains out. Or a jackpot of an arsenic to the town. Sportsman for New Jersey transit systems and antracks said they were made on a heightened state of alert. And at Penn Station this morning, they shut down four tracks. But the interesting part of it is that the other antrack trains are all running. So if it's such a major stimulus that they would like you to believe. I don't know what that's all about. Do you know what I'm saying? What do you say for which really like a potential terror alert and it was like for the real thing? You think they'd clear it out when it's out with terror alert? It's just running as usual. But then it should check out the package. Stop and think about that. Of all the jobs. Think about undesirable jobs. Then we've done that poll. Have you ever been to the high-view of the A-list? The worst job. All the worst possible job. A hazmat person checking out the dangerous packages. So it takes a certain kind of... That's probably the same person in their spare time on a weekend. They play Russian roulette. You know? Yeah. Like to put in. Like high-wire or walkers. They're brave people like firemen. Yeah. A little crazy obviously, but crazy then somebody's got to do it. And I don't think the hazmat guys get to slide up and down like grease pole. This, facing the new Rogers. This, this five, sixteen, two, eight. The past. Those are my good and also instances. Seven, ninety, two, eight. Two minutes. The bird passed an hour and a half to see the dome of the light. Where the sun is shining down. It's a whole minute. But you know, no way, dude. It is like waxing, man. W-I-I-I. That's what I'm doing. It sure smells like wet dogs in here, man. That sounds a dumb-by. That's just... You know what I mean? I know, really, it's not your summer. It's a usual, huh? It's a very wager with a madad all over the audience. With a 12-inch moon of my son, dude. Two minutes. The whole, somebody's been to the bottom of the hall. The phone's in here. Look at that baby. Ooh. Ooh. That is it. Down you are. And you touch this. The whole, look at that. That's a way to get a one. We need packed a container. The toilet paper. Don't get wet. You know what they're trying to say? It's very expensive. Mm-hmm. We need to buy the more expensive. Don't say it, Paul. And seven, nine years average. Station identification. Nobody left you when you stopped Miami-quart. Tell me if you're in. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Tell me, honey. Oh, right. I forgot ruining Julie Annie on a pole. Exactly. We can do the entire country. We can do the entire country. We're one gigantic Disneyland. That's how I'm good. Sounds excellent. Really, Julie Annie. How can I let him off the pole? A lot of the sort of stuff. Making sure that we got the Jill Fimer on there. Today's pole. Which, two to an hour or so. I didn't do the one. That we talked about yesterday because it was part of a little bit too much thought on my part. I mean, I'll go on a vacation. I'm not going to let you sit down for an hour and come up with all kinds of choices for some stupidized pole, right? Right. So I left that for George's capable of the hands for next week. Yeah. Yeah. You're an idea of going up ahead. Right. I got to have that means I got two for next week. For 88. That's pretty great for 1030. What 2008 presidential hopeful be for the most? Jet Bush, 245. That's your fan asked governor, by the way. Bill first, 86 Hillary Clinton, 60. Kind of leaves a 29 of where she does wear sensible shoes. Expecive ones. New Cambridge 24. John McCain, 14. John Kerry, 12 Al Gore, 7. Joe Biden, 6. He's Biden this time. Joe fine, Rose got three. Oh, God. I think it hit a three share of it. They were like, ah, it was great. That's right. They got a point three. Barack Obama, too, and probably Julianna just went on there. 497. I'll decide out of mind. Sorry, Rudy. You, it ain't, you quiz like Rudy, Julianne. Oh, let's see. Part of that. Now we're going to get to see that has met the group again. Lee with a yellow office. The presentation. It comes in mid-efficient warnings. Yeah. I think they just opened up the package. Yeah. Nothing. They left it. If they would pan over there, but they don't want to show it. Because I guess they want to see that has met that. That's the lady get all blown up to bits. Here's a fact that says, hey, to rip more Howard, but yesterday around 335, the Emmy mentioned that on Wednesday, every NHL team played on opening night for the first time since 1920. And then he said, but back then there were only 10 teams. You and I know it says here there were six original teams. I called in, but they wouldn't let me correct him on the year. You think he would know the six original teams because of the 1929. Mo was around about 30 minutes. And it says there were no national guard in Iraq. But you know the interesting part of this is I'm not really so sure that in 1928, there were six teams because the Montreal maroons were in the league. In addition to Montreal Canadians, and I don't know when I couldn't care less when they played when they stopped playing and who was on first. Nobody cared. But then we do know the original six. And I don't think they were ever 10 teams. But you know, Mo hates hockey. They don't like it. And then he didn't know about it. So I don't know about something. Just keep your workshops. Probably good idea. Just to look with some of that fattening food from runway 84. Did you tell me you've eaten there? I have not. You have not. What about Josh? Not me? Really? I'm thinking this weekend. George ought to take a Josh. But I know I'm packed the other way around. Josh got a big George. Right. He got that big chick. And he's going to be celebrating his big race coming up first. Right. Take George is wife and two kids over there for a fantastic meal runway. I got some cousins to them. And they got someish fulcher. Right. And even mom might want to come along. Yeah. For entertainment. Yeah. Put on a hell of a floor show for it. I'm going to put it like a macaroni grilled. I'm going to show the floor. That old man. River. What is that? What is that all about? I think that's one of those spirituals. That was almost as bad as a her and Shannon Sharf on the NFL telecast. South Florida came up with a big victory yesterday morning. And it should have probably talked from the hover about this. But who really cares? When the NFL announced that Super Bowl XL IV. What is that? XL. Yeah. 40. That's 40. Four. 44. What kind of just say Super Bowl IV? Why the guy see Roman numerals with me? It's all Greek. Super Bowl IV. It would be stage of dolphin stadium in 2010. Right down the street from QAM. From the ticket where that level of bastard is when he's putting all the rumors out of the street about this boss or a fine brick. I wouldn't be badmouthing the boss or Danny Boy. You're the bastard because you ever made it very clear to you. You can not each other. But don't be knocking ahead on you to big cheese the main man. Anyway, South Florida is already hosting Super Bowl XL I. That's 41 in 2007. This will be the ninth Super Bowl held in South Florida. The fifth of dolphin stadium. Only New Orleans has served as the host of these many as nine times. And what will be happening soon? Dolphins honor H Wayne Heizinger. CEO's Joe Bailey and Brian Weidmer are expected to be available for comment. Atlanta Houston, Miami made a final pitch for the Marquee of NFL orders meeting in Romulus, Michigan, and Troy, and Robert Söberg, about 25 miles from Ford, CEO where the next Super Bowl will be played. Atlanta Houston airs the vote is favorites because Miami are ready. Been picked for 2010. After 2010, Miami will top New Orleans record of nine hosting the most Super Bowl games. A 2010 Super Bowl originally was awarded in New York and conditions in New stadium. He built to the jet. Those plans of course fell through through them, soon New York. But in a complaint of prestigious place like South Florida. One of the main entrances to Penn Station is still sea allotted. He got these guys in there. has met off its right in front of Vasque Robbins. Okay, Mike Brooks, security expert, Mike, thanks for the time this morning. Appreciate it. No problem. The right in front of Vasque Robbins, they're going to get the Iraqi road because it's rock solid. What I'm hearing. That'd be good. What we're doing. Let's see how Joel is doing on the pool. He's got four votes. Everybody had a 5-7 team. So let's see. They fear him the most. That's Stu Gots, Joe Rose, Van LaVanstude, and Zach have all devoted so far for him. This is Neil Roger. Joel, you're fairly in space 5-16, 2-8. That's the movie. That's the movie. Let's go, go, go, go. If I know he inside the town, you're late. Here. I will fill up the cookies after you're late. Oh! You're sharing them to buy a five-day break. Down to sushi. Sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi. Sushi sushi sushi sushi. Then. He wants the leader of the G.L.P. A lady deep without resistance to him. And now he's gone up a different journey. That sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi. He's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who's got a man who Like riders around me by eating Mitarbeiter they all should be around no no no no please Respect in a German food. I'm just wondering and never donmed on me before, but I think I figured it out where they name after's too God's, they named Venusnitzl. Is that his real name John Wright? I never thought about that. And he sure lived up to it too. But he knows you'll find Bury. I mean, his daddy's got a few bucks, but I guess Joel's daddy must be loaded, especially the giveaway 4.5 million for the dolphins. A year that is. 535 votes on a poll. This is heavy duty now. And Rudy Judy and he's going to go zooming up there. Now, I, that's my bad. I let him off. What 2000 presidential hopeful you appear the most, and of course with Bernie Kerrick around his neck like an albatross, I'm just not seeing it. Although on MSBCVs to the day they tried about Bernie Kerrick as a guest expert on this latest terror threat in New York. That incredible incredible. And he said, use the apartment, use the apartment. 535 votes. Jeb was your fan asked governor. They fear him and rightfully so he's got some devious plans up his sleeve and deep inside his recto. Leave me your fan asked governor. 263. How are slots coming? Jeff, the only slot he knows is that same recto. We're just referring to. Bill 597, a far business there ever was one. Hillary Clinton 65, they fear her. I may be even if you're her cause they figure she can't win. Or maybe they fear her for whatever reason. Condolese 31, please, a condolese just go away. New King Rich 25 John McCain 16. John Kerry 12, Al Gore 10, Joe Biden 6, Rudy Giuliani 4, and Joe Findberg for now there is a quinella right? Okay. And Barack Obama only too. So obviously if he would take the people on a bottom as the Barack Obama for president, 2018, it'll be great. Five-oh 10 times. Duranty of that. And I'm not even, I'm not even forced some of the dark folks out there to force their way through and demand to be able to vote next time. Just jayn their way into there. Just jayn on it. And I'm confused now, which break I'm supposed to be doing. I've ended the 40 break, right? Yes. If I just in cross and I'm waiting to get a little bit to stop you the way you have these long commercial. I'll tell you one thing, man. Our sales department, they are doing one hell of a job. They're on top of it. It being coarse scourine. Rudy Giuliani speaking to him said yesterday that he plans to return to politics, but they're too early to say that will be for the 2008 president, so campaign. I think I'll return to politics. He said in the speech to business leaders asked if he ended a political evasion. He laughed and rubbed his forehead. His bald spot. I have some political visions. I just don't know what the are yet. They're a little foggy. He said, though he wasn't as specifically about the next president's old campaign. He mentioned the 2008 race that it's too far away to make a business. Let me just run. He's running. Come to QAM. Hello. Project for Joe five, but. He could use it by the fistful. WQAM. Hello. Forget it. I'm sick of myself. I don't blame you by the way. WQAM. Hello. QAM. We're on a meeting. We're on a meeting. We're on a meeting. We're on a meeting. We're on a meeting. Five six seven. Let's get a lot of those on. Because I want to keep those fresh in my memory. I'm trying to make a tape for you. In addition to which we can like kind of like build you up from Monday, your head star. Yeah, build me up by the top part of our head start program. Five six seven. I don't see any calls on me. Though five six seven five 60 probably because we're in the middle of Ramadan now. We got to Russia showing out of the way. We're all getting ready for the big fast next week. Thursday on you. Keep poor going to be fast and I'm going to be in Trace man. I'm going to be next to brought Worst over there just in honor of your Amkipers. My rebadion against all the silly crap. Oh, we have to attend for our sins. Yeah, you first. Send my ass. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. You kind of opened my eyes about something you're talking about. It's too God. And I wonder how this guy got his job. And now you tell me this is father. I know he has no sports background journalistic or as an athlete. Nice and brought off. He's a good one. He's got to go. He gives the boss around all the time. Right. You got to go to the Italians to God. Beans in directions. Maybe somebody can collect me on that. But not in words. Hmm. I'm out. Okay. Well, he is the stiffest. There's no question about that. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Mr. I'm watching the Canadian Range Again yesterday. No, so, sir. Can you know. You were all that. I think the name. Yes. What's going to all these cow plays like you can even touch the touch the uh... the guy that's right there opening it up and all the well over to the world of the all the power plays once he's guys finally get the message no more go start talking hockey and then that's a set of call from joe you're not full and they that's definitely a set of call yeah again talking some hockey that'll kill your audience out to know where are very off football intensive uh... morons here to oj and uh... to host an omelette sandwich and uh... whatever people you're a m hello i thought you did a book of the park all boy i think time can do better than that w q a m hello how to go and a couple of three good time one so last day of uh... power contract you know when he's out of here no idea time out of the store uh... yeah no more the monkey man do do do do do do do do do right the train monkey man i don't know it well if you find out can get a non-sits because i'm playing on a huge party i mean i've never put the over five way you can have it around way any eighty four will call up and me we would call and need a drug dealer but he's still dead unfortunately the twenty three-year-old guy who had that scale that the swiping came in but i think and we're going to let me cross the other people are a couple of pinnacle that's not the last scale he was a drug dealer who very sad very sad nobody cares you know stuff and so i would read just stuff goes on and american publicist uh... you know i think that they're on the little agenda they're trying to make enough money to fill up their tank would get instant thank you again mr president by the way for these phenomenal gas prices this is really a bargune affair for was one w qa m hello maybe i'll read pretty good listen uh... you can't have been test keys yesterday and he has the chronicles of the last thirteen uh... times that that news came up for bush there was a terrorist attack or a another fact was right a terrorist alert or uh... you know a hiding alert like systematic it's just for ridiculous people just don't uh... real not nobody or a minute anymore nobody's paying attention did you happen to see who he's uh... planning to put up to uh... uh... uh... take the place of our ingredients back email sumac another cornea the guy who was only credential was that he uh... put uh... gen and barber through college he's very good kind of a bank that of a short producing pro means maybe that's what it's all about is this is almost all horrendous thing and the big more and the money has happened on purpose to the impede sons good to me man he's a sort of each ought to be impede like a bit says that might just have to play pretty soon have a great weekend pal uh... come down five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a horizon singular wireless lines rolling stones concept the university of Virginia was interrupted the two to the last night while several police officers and three bomb sniffing dogs search the state oh my god the show we turned after about half our intervention university state and city police didn't immediately be turned phone calls about the incident and the one i was made of the audience about the reason for the break about eight sounds of the show make jagger when asked the authorities until them to take a break take a break the states at the university sixty one thousand seats got stating about the first twenty-year-old spectators were cleared until police finished their work and the sounds uh... interesting their turn to promote their latest album a bigger bang and they like a little incident i wrote bigger brand well maybe they're gonna like a maybe it's a simple little message to those guys okay to stop signal and songs in octaneel president and stuff like that be a little bit too political these days think that might be it no well sounds good yeah five hundred and seventy two votes were going to be on the verges six hundred by the top of the air by eleven o'clock how do you like that hockey fans uh holy moly rat man let's get really hockey intensive dental instead of more real good for a two-cloth tough to the trauma police to keep going without their leader yeah you'll be okay match just for the pobl rewarded equity whe and hello line what is actually still not but they're not talking at qt m unlike judge confident you got the the we'll think hey So how many of you QAM? Hello. Hey, you know? Yes sir. What's up? You. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. The canola got through you. How you doing? Pretty good. A couple of things for you real quick. Where these idiotic Republicans are going to realize that a greenhouse effect and all these things that are contributing to these natural disasters were. Why actually? They know. The spats from business they're not. They will not ever pass up to it. A lot of things about the business they're doing. There's no global warming. There's no greenhouse gases or re-n-span gases. And just a liberal propaganda. Between us and between friends. One more thing for you. No. A poll idea. I don't think it's a poll building thing. There would be something that. That's even better. You would have just one day. I want to know how my own curiosity. I don't know whether you're curious about that. But I guess you can word it. When was the heyday or when is the heyday of the new rock? I guess you can break it down into different. Yeah, the only time. That is that there are a lot of people listening now who weren't listening before QA. I've been on here eight years. I mean that's okay. But it'll never be like that. You can put from IOD from whatever time you were there. I started living here. You're home. When Rick and Tudd and you and so. That's when I first saw I guess I was 19. Are you sure? I'm positive. Yeah. But that would be my vote. Okay. But it would all be. I think the issue right now is a lot better than the show and I OV. The show and I OV was pretty. You know what it might have been and was just a lineup. I mean everything just so are slow. I think that's the difference. We've done that poll. Which whatever. How are we worried it? That's a different. That poll. Right. Okay. We're going to put that up. The sports nerd station. It was an entertainment station. They were proud to say that. And the sports was restricted to two hours between six and eight or whatever. The sports talk. And I was more than enough. That was two hours was plenty and then some. But then we didn't have a bunch of sports. There's running and have a great day, pal. Thanks for the poll. Idea. 10. 54. Take a look at that and see this is not a building poll today. They want to do one of those. 5. 86. Although we did Angel Fiber. He's right near the bottom though. He's got four. They don't hear him too much. Although Daniel Abastad is got some nasty things to say about you. I wouldn't be worried so much about Joe Rose. It's that Daniel Abastad guy. That's the. That's the one that you ought to be real concerned about. Any guy that comes to work in those gliabaras. I'd be real nervous about even georgame to crazy about gliabara. Never had one. Never more. Did you really? I did. Yeah. That's so fat. I had to wear the shirts. You know what I say? All the really fact guys. You can't talk in right here. So you wear those big like my friend. I like that. Rich used to do. You know you wear them like tents. It's either guiabaras or Hawaiians. You know. That Hawaiians are good. I'm a big fiber. Whereas Hawaiians. And he's a skinny as a railroad over there. He's a sweet lady probably after that unfortunate business they had and He would have to kill cussino company probably a dick is restricted like one Meal a month now to track. Time's a little bit tough. They'll be back. They'll bounce back will get his slots in there just hanging on you know when Teestard flyin like crazy when they're over to sky then you'll see slots. That's right. That's a head of the Hawk That about that lady who put to 17 quarters in the slots in Apilusus or whatever that place was Luziana at the racetrack cussino. And 1.6 million. one point six million. I could put in one point six million dollars and I get the four dollars and twenty five cents he's the other way around. There's Rob Marciano and CNN with a nice suit in the tie I'm looking really stupid today. England tonight Boston might get their game in New York like he's my hero man Rob Marciano he's no Rocky Marciano and then again you don't have color flower ears either. See there's the tip off unboxing all you people that continue supporting the barbaric so-called sport of boxing color flower ears. In fact the post you child for by boxing ought to be banned is Mohammed Ali. They were the couple there like these. Okay come down Rob. I won't get to your side. I'm taking. Come on, Jeff. Here. Toolion. Commandation. Commandation. That's actually the song can laugh your ondernets. A Facebookational Rogers in between is 5.668 years This is the Neil Rogers' show It's always my truth. It's the terror is warning. So as you drive on to work, why not be in there. The white house is what all the film now. Oh my god. I can make a year when nervous wreck could evolve the stress. From steps as we better watch out, he used to word a feeling. It's the terror is warning. Oh my god. The government says we forgive and I'm saying. Listen, I'm here but when now nervous, he's the pressure. Yeah, think there a whole steak is in me and stroke. I think that I just will know it. Yeah, live my life. Enjoy the ride, live my life. I can't live my life. Terror is a movie. I'm saying that a lot of dangerous packets are a pin station because one of the hazmat guys is kind of not put Sunday at faster robbers than they think. It was perusing the hustler magazine at the new stand right next to us. How do you get the all that heavy duty? How do you eat that Sunday with that helmet on? We got, uh, never on a Sunday. We got 600 and 12 votes with a straw probably. You do you put it in the new kit for a lot of people. Six hundred and twelve votes. Which, uh, 2008 presidential hopeful do you fear the most? Your fat ass governor, Jim Bush is instilling fear in the hearts of all. 303. What are they? He's looking to play girl. That's bad. Phil Fris 104. Telewritten 74. Condolese 38. She ate too great. Newt gingrichs. Newy boy. He's starting to make a little bit of noise. 32. John McCain 16. John Kerry 14. So John, are you ford or against it today? That's what I thought. uh... he was before the end after word it uh... albor eleven rebe de juliani eight he's uh... stepped over a few people to buy in six jewel fineberg with four that is really jewel rock solid so proud and uh... bereqlman only two they want for rax six hundred forty two votes and it's only just moments after eleven o'clock there is something in the airman you can smell a thunderclap no matter what i'm doing a song about it there is something in the air well and it's us work kick in some serious big fat smelly ass how do you like that you'll uh... see one thing about people are wannabe uh... he and no great read and of course great has a problem or two but great read is like a monster a giant of broadcasting industry compared with a guy that's got a lot of daddy's money wants to be a broadcast uh... he's not in broadcasting he's more into marketing that's about the only thing that the moment of uh... lucidly that they hit over there when he said or not really so much into a broadcasting we want to be more from a marketing well whatever that means and believe you me like a toe to be for i'm glad to hear that because broadcasting ain't them uh other than joe they haven't got anybody on there over there belongs on here to say hello and goodbye i mean the book to respond on the old play by playing you know i also consistent i'm i said that when he is on the stage and two tonight yeah about a zillion times and i said earlier there's mayor Bloomberg wrote the subways is usual today but there's a panic attack and the world is coming safety safety look at the great job at horses doing a keep in your sass safe right we're going to great job he didn't all means in all on the golf course there in Texas wow heavy heavy duty but nevertheless wrote to give additional testimony leave elite elite inquiry oh what the leaps federal prosecutors are accepted offer from presidential adviser Carl wrote to give a eleven-thouard testimony in the case of valoury claims leaked identity but if one they can't guarantee that he won't be indebted according to people directly from media with the investigation right and a little more on here and after reading a couple things online this morning uh... there's indictment at least one come down the person's a spoke of course on condition of anonymity because of grandary secrecy and because they've had their lives and those of their families and pets so special prosecutor patrick Fitzgerald hasn't made any decision yet i wanted to file criminal charge against the long-time confidant of present bush anybody else for that matter the u.s. attorneys man you will require prosecutors not to be witnesses before grand jury if there's a possibility of future criminal charges unless they're notified advanced that the grand jury testimony can be used against the middle of the indictment robbers already made at least three grand jury appearances and his return at this late stage in the investigation is unusual the prosecutor did not give robes similar warnings before his earlier grand jury appearances in other words you've been a good couple of the little led you come to untestify again but there's no guarantee that you're not going to be indebted your fat faculty as any like that yeah the robber had in july to return to the grand jury for additional testimony and Fitzgerald accepted that offer after taking grand jury testimony from the formerly jubny or times reporter due to the muller before accepting the offer of Fitzgerald sent correspondence to robes legal team making clear there was no guarantee that he won't be indebted and a later point is required by the rules how do you like that woohoo it's only now reporters have been called before a grand jury to testify about the conversations with robes and scooter libby by presented to his chief of staff leaking the identity of a covert c.i. agent can be a crime but it must be the knowingly and legal threshold for firms such a crime is high Fitzgerald could also see charges against anybody who thinks lie to the investigator he says how do you like that to a raid in a place called misguided that I'm telling you this barb of star that's a guy I know a guy when I see one okay that is not a woman that's a guy nice glasses though 627 votes and jule fiber still only got four man that is pretty weak 5670560 pound 560 under Verizon singular wireless lines WQAN hello QAM there's a conversation in the back here yeah WQAN Nero yes sir Nero last yesterday nice yesterday after and that's the best comedy there's about yesterday you know even a Beatles don't care about yesterday no more that's so old news let's go back yesterday is that he's got a suggestion for yesterday's pulls of it after my ass do over horrible show you know do that one over here what do you say okay let me think that thing out for yesterday's pull man you are pathetic all I would do it right now I put the gun right to my temple just go to temple it's a very brain shot or maybe like that guy in bokeh just you know pick on somebody else 5670560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines not a building pull today so we are expecting a lot of very very lot of meat today and I'm saying right now we got having to come in come in QAM hello terror alert line hello pretty good two things first of all there's Harry of Myers is a insurance like insurance defense lawyer she used to take an order yeah sounds like a choice and if you notice in the 10 years or so since promises been on the Supreme Court now one substance of rolling here's made has been different than scoliers correct so he's he's a he's token he's gonna be the third one third days of chain here right third of mine the other thing is you know I was watching um what Africa train and remember the most uh personally we noted the most with Harry Barbara was all his peers and stuff no he wasn't the one he voted the most one was the New Orleans Councilman that went on TV was crying in the history of all the Harry Barbara was right up there but you know you know that in the back room I want to his main uh cronies got six hundred million dollar no big contract you know to do uh work done at the end of the week and that's why he leaves teacher all tough stuff like that oh you should see this this is such a is they you know what we're trying to do a John McCain look alike on camera they come out like they're so like in same week and burn and right look what looked at the other course uh not not to mention equity also you know I'm sure that he's got his hands deep in somebody's pockets and I think about to get in the casinos back in on land and not out there floating out in the uh you know I've been and the most ironic thing is then they come out and go well how are we in a minute so wait a Sophie green substance was found in the soda can it Penn station I think it was mountain do is what it was then they say come out and go how it's in collective forty million dollars look at all the Monday skies have grasped away yeah the billions of things and they I noticed FEMA got so embarrassed that they had their redoing some of the contract beds now some of those note the no big contracts they're having to redo them because the investment found her that he was coming down so heavy duty now but how about all the billions is that that he funneled all these questions freak you know over the years it's on the history of the president of order probably come down you're just a little bit too overwrote for me it's first time a Friday I don't want to get like a a Sophie did you see that I'm not making that up people may think I'm uh fun which I would never do of course of course Sophie green substance was found in a soda can at Penn station that would cost me like absolutely go into a spastic fit just don't do it like cotton is right on the tracks would know right right wouldn't so it means substance my ass but I heard maybe it was like body wash probably mountain do do you like mountain do no I do no I can do I can do without it in the mountains or anywhere else I don't like it very I don't know over the sweet and just I really have I have the best thing I'm gonna see that I really wonder what part of the body that came from 647 votes on the pool man and we are it's just I bet you we like right around 800 again by noon like we were yesterday you see the pattern that's developing now of course George will be on next week to kind of slow it down a little bit no it now you want it'll be you'll see you'll see get all that me young intellectuals on there and all the ways who hate me like poison they're like old you're fat not a cone is you and all the whoios of course it's just I just get just clawing it you're a footstitch that's all right yeah they're clung oh there's the Hungarian president I'm sure they're having a wonderful conversation here in your prison I'm about to send the case of the democracy there you go now we're talking the bushes language the przed that in August pragmatism ìFast of theenciesî ì I need you. validityî I can't tell ifレシ One, two! Shall we talk? Ah, Arrassalamus. Yeah, I'm thinking about that soapy green substance I was found in a solo case soda can Yeah, at the pronunciation And maybe point this like oh, this is like a lady name is okay Could be solid green Yeah, that could be it or could be more green, how do you like that? I'll be there Anyway, there's your president with a Hungarian minister, whoever this guy is looks like a real Nazi to me And the minister too, Walmart turns in students anti bush photo, secret service investigates him This is Zyna America, baby, this is what's going on Oh, there goes the Hungarian guy He just got up to justice Red Thai Mediapitri, which is revaisan The right, we're saying the up here is Yama So he and the Jarvis is the chair of the social studies department and Kuro-Tuk County High School in North Carolina That's not where near your place is it? Doesn't sound familiar Kuro-Tuk County High School in North Carolina She's not used to having the secret service question her or one of her students But that's what happened on September the 20th Jarvis has a side to receive new specifics in the economics class to take photos to illustrate their rights in the bill of rights She says, I remember those One student had taken a photo of George Bush out of a magazine and attacked the picture to a wall They read some tact through his head Then he made a thumb assigned down with his own hand next to the president's picture And he had a photo taken of that and pasted on a poster Following this? Right, according to Jarvis, are you eating now? Nope, I think the more paper in the pacem machine According to Jarvis, the student who remains anonymous of course was just doing his assignment It will strain the right to dissent But over the Kiddhihawk wallmark where the student took his film to be developed That right is evidently suspect Kiddhihawk by means of early coast And the employee in that wallmark photo department called the Kiddhihawk police on the student And the Kiddhihawk police turned them out over the secret service How do you like that? I don't because he had a thumbed or read thumbtack on a picture through the president's head On September 20th, the secret service came to Kurota Kai And 135 in a PM, the student came to me and told me the secret service had taken his poster Jarvis and I didn't believe him at first But they had come into my room when I wasn't there and taken his poster Which was in a stack with all the others She says the student was upset He was nervous, he was obscured and his parents were out of town on business So Jarvis, she too had to talk to the secret service Halfway through my afternoon class, he just in principle got me out of class And took me to the office conference room she says Two men from the secret service were there They asked me what I knew about the student I told them he was a great kid that he was in the homecoming court And they had never been named trouble Then they got down to his poster They asked me, didn't I think that it was suspicious He recalls, I said no, it was a Billor Wice project At the end of the meeting, they told her the incident would be interpreted by the West Attorney Who would decide whether the student could be indicted She said, oh my goodness Do you hear this? I heard it, I'm shocked, I'm loved Now the good news is the student wasn't indicted Yeah, and the secret service didn't pursue the case further I blame Walmart more than anybody She says I was really disgusted with them But everyone was using poor judgment from Walmart up for the secret service A person in the photo, this is kind of like that woman had the meat The fuckers t-shirt on the South-wise airlines plane And change one volume there, she changed the... Oh, how are you? They showed her all the news last night about it But they really said, and nice looking shirt, which I had one Yeah, right, when I saw that, saw them Well, I'm on vacation, of course A person in the photo department at Walmart and Kitty Hawk said He had to call even the home officer of the authorities to get information about that Jackie Young is the spokesperson for Walmart The company headquarters did not provide comment She's mum She's mum Sure, and then, for the Kitty Hawk Police department said We just handed over to the secret service, no investigator report was filed Jonathan Sherry, I wonder if he's can delivery Sherry used to fit for the doctors Jonathan Sherry spokesman for the secret service in Washington DC Said we certainly respect artistic freedom But we also have the responsibility to look in the incidents when necessary In this case, it was brought to our attention Oh, look at that test reveal the soapy green substance his arm was Oh, thank God, we were getting so worried That it might be Mountain Dew mixed with a little bit of verners I think you thought it was plastic explosives Or might have even been worse, it might have been some an awful beer from Michigan What the straw is? Oh, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh In this case, it was brought to our attention from a private citizen, a photo lab employee Said the secret service, yuck, to our best uses one word to describe the whole incident Ridiculous and people in our position can't be afforded before it would be made to look ridiculous Like to all find, but every time those numbers come out from arbitron He looks more and more ridiculous What everybody in town finds out about that stupid voice mail Who left on great reads voice mail at time a few weeks ago remember that? Yeah, I don't be sure your little ball Kimball camper because we're not gonna try to hire my way from you So give them my like peanuts, okay pay them in cracker jacks and don't give them too much I'm like Hank and Mad Dog that we tell you up for you know Sounds like sour grapes to me Joel you would have given you your left not to get hank in a mad dog But if against what they were smart not dumb like Fredo not like certain other people smart Joe rose I can't play him because he got screwed over by grape too many times so can play new But obviously he smart enough to realize that he's working for real Dodo birds over there because the F bombs are really flying And that's to be poor that we're getting from inside. Yeah That's what Dan Lepag is doing spread around town Something means acceptance was a hope to test station. Oh my god Yeah, we'll leave a language on here on G-Reen Never y'all the word is a 10 to use the baby cable was a whole lot worse But now the networks left there and just turns oh my god Never when the sight of this excellency all the dialogue and take perfail the key And swear like a spiller on a three day pass words all up worse than I am That's him F bomb and bomb Call me the face before they drop the F bomb on the word to me I wouldn't worry about bombs at Penn Station of any place else in New York today I'd be more and more in the F bomb. That's why the FCC is working diligently And that's why they brought in that bit there that the Joyce look and sound like To make them sure that we really really crack down on these word offenders on these pottie mouse on these evil people Organ destroyed the minds of our children for years to come for decades and centuries to come Forget about that global warming crap. We got more important fish to fry like words. Okay. Oh yeah, a cocky game 675 votes On a full. I'm the one I played at highlight because you can hear Bob cool color glow. So it's kind of stupid What 2008 presidential hopeful you fear the most that's our pool 675 means by 1130 will have like about 700 votes already And commentators from coast to coast and even somebody your PM writers are writing about the phenomenal response We got on our pool here last lately. Aren't they? Yeah, sure whatever. They can't but I got for one little horse ball show on one little teeny tiny radio station What a really bad signal. I mean considering that how stand and Tammy doing by the way a lot of rain. Oh, I thought you're talking about that country music act Because we have to sympathize with you. We got like some rain now and very in overcast and not to warm like 56 So we just don't want to make you feel too bad. Yeah, it's pissy here. Oh no anyway. Yeah, both 336 you're fine Ask Governor. They fear him and for good reason because he is got devious plans and a very highly dysfunctional family Oh man, as he ever how's Neil bush doing? He's still ripping off the SNLs as much as he can Bill first one 12 look out for the fist master man. Another goody two shoes and a doctor in Linoleza those are the people who give the the magic pill or If you would add the vial of force ner poison or maybe something into a shoe maybe some sopig green liquid when next time in a hospital Maybe Bill Fistle come by and pay a visit turn off your IV or six and sopig green stuff in it. It was a hoax. It was much to do about nothing Not to think that everybody see they they sure accomplished their gold man on that now almost nobody is talking about all this other stuff in right away It's oh New York terror alert the subway and everybody had pens day She made it on the company. It was in the end quite dry. Yeah, like I said to go wouldn't have been even bastard Robbins If he would have been all at the word about some suspicious package I don't know maybe he thought it was his last chance to get five scenes some suspicious packages Isn't I still haven't figured out why are? Yeah, but 341 Bill first one 12 Hillary 283. I wasn't caught a call in the has mad team either Condoleezer 40 new Kingbridge 34 John McCain is got a team. He's dancing cheap to cheap right now. Oh, we're going to New York City Particularly the last couple of days with a threat to the subway system that was described as specific and directed right at the New York City subway station This was the same for most of the morning. Oh, yeah, the has macas that soapy yellow and greenish Your pee looking rich 34 it has probably where came from was the pee in the tea room John Kerry 17 he's right on John McCain's but Rudy Giuliani 13 not lucky number Rudy Let me the apartment Rudy. Let me the apartment. Al Gore 11 Joe Biden 7 show a fine. They got another way. He's got five How do you like that? Hi Joel and fact you know something there's only one person that Joe Rose hates worst in Joel find Brigina who that is our for poker. That's it. Oh, it was going to get somebody else Joe find Brig 5 and Barack Obama too. You're going to say Greg Reed worried. That sounds like sour grapes to me Greg. Oh, I think I think maybe you had a problem. Maybe it's a tie. What is a time when Joe Rose comes back to QM which I understand isn't the worst when Joe comes back to the station We'll probably have to put him on here and find out This is Neil Roger himself. This is 560 2A There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be in the city. There's a lot of people who are going to be doing their job. There isn't a lot of people who want to be in the city. There's a lot of people who they want to be in the city. Adrienne go out to Kunio roz, Lmember Square, lot of people in there. Wouldn't like to ask you to use all of the people. They just have to... he wanted to get a lot of these calls on between now until we got to mow it to encourage us for man dog for when that man dog he's got a bitter deal and i or anybody else he just how many days of work is he a year to see what he's a year is on and he's a seven and lightning panters seven thirty of lightning looking pretty good from what i'm here and then any care for the hot you media when you got your home up in a new got five thousand and pc sets pretty sad situation very very sad i remember when we're like only eighty five teams in a chill and you can't and okay whatever you say and you can't hello yes sir and you are good morning when is he is one of the i just want to ask uh... for your opinion on uh... something you're reading about the article about the lady that was wearing the a t-shirt in the airport with the supposedly effort on a sure in reno yes okay um... i understand about whenever they show either new to your profanity on movies television even radio i can understand that i can understand your point about and about censorship but don't you think that whenever someone is wearing something you know with profanity on their t-shirt in public were like kids are looking isn't that just a little too much now absolutely not and then if i'm but then i'm walking and i was worth more than it does but then if i'm walking with my son and and he he's this shirt how can i explain to him don't use this word or prevent him from going to school and then start throwing this word around at a very young age well let me ask you this would you rather have you kid use them first words are shooting somebody well i don't get it well neither was not a joy words don't hurt anybody okay and you just got to say that's how you do you explain him if you don't want to use in those words i don't use them that it's a very vulgar word you ought to be a natural one at a round that's all but that but that you see this is what bugs me is that they're always using the children the children of the excuse to curb everybody's freedom of speech freedom of expression we can't say things under radio because it might impact the children and like the comedy bits we can't play more than children wouldn't even understand if we hand in children listening which we don't it wouldn't even understand them but that's always the excuse all the children are going to be too bad okay but then it's a grow up but then if if if you hear someone say one of these words on your show you hang up on them and you say oh you got to fill teem out no i don't think you got to fill teem out we can i believe you should be able to say anywhere you want on the internet or say anybody had a fill teem out we can't play them on the air we can find no i understand what it might tell season Jesus ballerstick or that says Jesus saves then i gotta explain that to you right it's not but it's not profanity it is to me it is to us it's a false it's really obscene it's really obscene people like people tomorrow is in your face we're listening profanity is in the eye to be holed just like absentee whatever offense you the effort doesn't offend me this business i say you got a fill teem out i don't want to say anything on here anymore i believe in total freedom of speech you are able to say everything is to have been a words dot harm people okay except you'll find where you can sell better shape with anybody rips him and a dessert but ask and he starts throwing a furniture around starts tearing a place up like some kind of a maniac some kind of a drunken jack in a hotel room somewhere 712 votes on a pool and jol's gots uh... seven he's tied with jol by maybe jol's Biden his time before they put something good on here five six seven oh five sixty i mean and that last call just a and it's so typical i'm so glad he called me too because that's what they call so the children are going to see that t-shirt being deal okay there are people on the streets here for example walk well of course this is not america thank goodness but uh... walking around with the t-shirts and capsid they have the effort and every other word you can remember what's the deal with that so you're called parenting you have to explain every of your kids anyway the good the bad in the out of the i mean how does he explain that and then he just got to tell me how he explains it just tell what you're doing and so this is a word it means this you don't run it because it's going to send people into story why it's a really very very sad but that's a good comparison you brought up the thing with a Jesus craft those bumper stickers people on the fish on the car how do you find your kids that there are a bunch of religious freaks who use their cars are religious billboard see some of the bumper stickers as you know make really outrageous claims you know and a kid is going to read that and believe it and then of course you've got to tell them that no it's not true my boss was a Jewish carpenter yeah no Jesus no peace no Jesus no peace oh boy how about my boss was caring carpenter okay so to share some of those uh... b-l-t's from how he's what the habit of several play idiot seven hundred and seventeen votes were going to be version on eight hundred by the new hour mr uh... courtist to this courtist i'm excited now you know many k-o-a-m hello okay actually it just to be an analysis of going to uh... to you about the p-o with the person that was on the plane i guess that you already talked about i meant to yesterday read the story yeah okay don't apologize but this was i just listening to what this guy called about i mean i have a son that's under the age of ten and you know obviously exposed to reality different things he hears over here sees but it's up to each parent as you guys said and George would notice as a parent self your child to keep him what's right and what's wrong you know so you can't see her and rely on society and everyone else to do the parenting for you and with that being said i agree with you i think everything and america court of hope you should be able to say whatever it is that you want to say and read a message see the valley of the audience and say well you can say uh... you have a freedom of speech except whatever uh... you know some people may be fine politically and correct or offensive uh... we have the right to offend people i fend people on the show every day and we'll continue doing it and and and you know what it's it's the same old thing like you tell everyone else you don't like it don't listen and i said right rubbish out there thanks a lot pali well but you might have found somebody and that's why the network says it's a bunch of whispers man is by the uh... you put put people like Franklin Graham and Jerry fallwell and parabraper son on the year and don't fall down laughing at them and uh... make a laughing stock out of them is because they're terrified it's bad for business they might offend one of the potential sponsors but you know what your mama okay your mama you know that bumper sticker that says one way you know insult to every way he doesn't agree with that it's an insult and a fence of insult yes to every of his life the same part of the pictures there's still a people by the thousand and these are the same people of course the one everybody run around with the gun so that we have some kind of a conflict and vote in a first and away and the same people are like some going home for capital punishment for flying somebody they can't kill somebody fast enough to make uh... to give them that thrill but in the meantime terry and her she was very important because that was almost the same as the old fetus are here that's why the rare times have ever seen someone who's got all uh... whipped up to a frenzy about somebody who was alive and i said to him very loosely you know who's already out of the room yeah how he's yet by keep his fan asked out of her womb okay oh but she's living and breathing and she talks and she walks as he follows the balloons she yeah and another thing toldy's pizza sure is great oh we love to be a man we love bread he is the best of it or i'm pretty wanted uh... night uh... hundred ninety second still so good to wait to tear into it you got papy runny on air all the time and he's in me that's trif put her in the hall of the is the extoporty uh... boy should have probably got some of tani sausage on their two oh they're sausage on their inter-really oh yeah instant heart attack pizza and the ones that all the meat got papy runny sausage and extra grease i just had the lady on the side see if you're a son of a building over there recall order extra trif just aggravated him don't forget the broadwares gerry no cheese that's a trif how could you make it more trained over here now that's nice and foreskid on there uh... seven hundred and twenty two votes i'm so impressed that i might just the call of jule five we're gonna say thanks for putting this over there thanks for putting me in such a good mood that stuff i was here it's all over time by the way jule a lot of your people you got a lot of uh... moles inside the building better pat pat pat pat pat you know i don't want to get in those people in trouble because we like some of those people and they're like uh... this is joan zak it's about it well i'm all i'm building or spilling the beans and talking all over town talking a lot of trash about you jule about the kind of stuff that goes on and there so maybe they can't rip you on the air that's the evening that came down but off the air they're ripping you up big gigantic fact and deservedly so this is new rodgers this is five sixty two eight five sixty sixteen six five eleven thirteen seven thousand right twenty-three seven two I have my two power memories. Oh, father, I'm sorry. I was just wrong with this. I'm sorry. You saw the living or snakes were on the get-in. In the arms we take us away. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, you're really pretty. You're true. Please, you're true. You would. So, are you the, can I be ? Yes. You don't have any to do . You'd love to do this. 7.0.5.5.6. Well, we're here that request for that. Believe it or not. James Fax, he says, he's worried about Dick Cheney for good about him. He's old old news. He just turned 97. He ran for nothing. And Pekki ran and paired with him bad news. Oh, shameless dropper quest. The crowgug and our QM's phone number. 5.6.7. Oh, 8.5. 60. Wow. Remember then a box of rocks? But he sure smelled good. Much too good. The crow. Now, what did you tell me he was doing? He's like managing somewhere. John. Sort of color set. Yeah. In Japan. All it sounds like Josh is eating something. Tony's pizza. Thanks, Brad. Josh was taking personal. But he's got him out full. How do you like that? And it also is also built by two touchdowns. This Sunday. Oh, yeah. You actually on the negative mushrooms or something. You must be on the weed like that. The old broad said on the weed. I'm even. I love that. I'll never get tired of that. Yeah. What? But it's not so. Oh, yeah. She's. Guys. Nick and Johnson. Whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in. They're just like them like that. These are the people we call hi. And they. I mean it's a terrible. Ty wanna ball. What's up? When we got up and look at listening to six and. And this here. And then this here. Oh boy. What's out of the window is so on. She's probably dead. Tell me what that is. What is what's called? And the. Thingy. Did you see your son's. nipping sides. Yeah. And as you know, you've got it. Yeah. I got it. Okay. Perfect. I have changed. a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a ah a a a a a a a a a a law to describe, a phrase that he said would have been a red flag indicating she would overturn the decision, but neither would she discuss it saying related cases could come before the court. She has stated that she doesn't believe the circumstances if her as well will come back in front of the court, Brown-back said, we counted the conversation, but that the legal issue of Roe clearly and the legal issue involved here is very much a live issue. A White House spokesman Dana Perrino, I wonder she's came to Marty Perrino with the old left-handed Syracuse Bullar. Dana Perrino later said that Ms. Myers had simply announced that abortion and rural ladies issues are ones that are live before the court. While other Republicans have emerged from meetings with Ms. Myers offering more effusive praise over than before, Senator Brown-back and his view said as view was unchanged. He complained that he was left-friended together little pieces of shreds of evidence about abuse, not only on abortion, but on other matters of importance to social conservatives including game merit and the role of religion in public life. The Kansas Senator is important for two reasons. First, he's a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and would be a serious embarrassment to President Bush. If Republican and a panel of Republicans against Ms. Myers second, Brown-back, a possible presidential, or he needs to be on there right now then, said Brown-back, put him on there because Amy is zoomed at the top in my mind, holy cow. A possible presidential candidate in 2008 is considered a leading voice for conservatives in the Senate for Nazis. Judy Boat against Ms. Myers, other Republicans kind of played in one of his bits of might feel compelled to follow. The spirit of Christ might come tell them. The spirit of Sam Brown-back, you're not so you bastard. You're fairy. Man, and I am from up to him, we wouldn't be able to save bastard on there, probably not not either. Going back to that call a couple of calls back. I mean, once in a while over the years I said you potty mouth only because we had a bleep somebody, and he just doesn't get it, you know. Forp to me. Oh look at this, is that smoothie good taff? Have to give a hoop taff. Well, the situation. Look at this, the answer to this. I said, I said, I said, I'd be very happy to be here in the big head in New York. He's a hot guy in China, if they would be a Bloomberg, if they'd talk in the United show. That's really some kind of scary. Hey, it's a 2005, okay. Somebody poked at Getsky in the ribs. Huh, no poking too hard though, because man, it probably is stink like crazy. Probably he had that same suit and he probably sleeps with it. WQAM, hello. That's a ride when George talks about his sick parents. Okay, good. WQAM, hello. Hello, I am. Yeah, I just want to find out what is your address? What is our address? Why are you also coming for tickets, is that it? Yeah, I, I, I, I want one, I want tickets today to go. Well, how come they didn't give you the address? They told me the address, I just didn't write it down. Well, okay, well, you better get rid of the 202, 95, it's on 202nd and Northwest, uh, and 441. 12295? Yeah, that's right on the corner next to Kentucky Friday and the white building on the turn floor. Okay, thank you. And when you go, and when you get to take it still linger too long because of, uh, Carlos is at the best. Well, you're on his stand when you see it, right out. Okay, it's right again, pal. Here's a guy who'll take it for the past. He's lightning game no doubt. I'm a young man. They're not doing a very good job. Who's a board-off in that show? Was it Curtis? Who you asking? Who the man? I told you. Yeah, that's Curtis. Well, Curtis, I know you're a star now and he's going to be doing the show for the man dog today, but you better start giving out the address a little bit more because on this high page show, we don't have time to be sitting here and giving everybody directions to come and pick up their stupid ass hockey tickets that they want on the man dog show as much as we love man dog and Curtis never less, right? Right, although I like that. I get depressed when they don't give the address. 751, we're going to be right under verge close to but not over 800 votes by noon. We got a thousand of a just licking these split man. Look at the old split. 756, as in 2506, which is on the corner of the North West Second Avenue in the two and four 41. Right across the street from tire kingdom. It's not tire is it's if he loses. It's tire kingdom. It's tire kingdom. It's if he loses right next to Kentucky Fry and not too far from Toyota, and just kitty quarter a block up the street from the VP and the co-station where they got the right huge north of all that market. And right by the plaza when they got a big Walgreens where George goes and buys drugs. I mean the paper towel. Both. Somebody in soda. Nobody QAM. Hello. QAM. Yes sir. Are you doing? I just saw that you don't. How would we really bad, yes, you think? Because the toilet, we're not working. If you hear anything about it. The one wasn't working? The toilet? Yeah. The toilet is still not working. The toilet is still not working. I'll be damned. Well, anybody's following. There's no police and turrets working when he's on because he's spewed it out. You can smell it. Don't be knocking, mow now. Just see Hank always leads me down. In fact this morning right out of the box. I wasn't even thinking anywhere in that direction. Absolutely. And pull around from the get go. Hank starts on it. I was thinking more like Joel Feinberg this morning. By the way, some of the said you the best facts I can recall. I'm a loser. Ever. Oh, I'm excited. I'm waiting. I have you stuck in an area. I'm a fact. Oh, yeah. It's grinding through as we speak. 756. You know, something I can't wait. Seriously, the food in Italy, of course, is the best. But Germany, I've put right up there too. I mean, the food is really good there. Which makes surprise you. Could you probably think, oh, I got his and sausages and the veneration itself. They got really very good food. It's a fine place. Not of course that I would want to like leave North America for anything more than a few years. So this is really a great fact that my taste is kind of like. I think so. It's not to me. It's my opinion. It's about. It's about everything. It's about that call. The life of the universe life in general. All right. It's just to the point. It's great. I think. 160 votes for what we got six minutes to get right on the verge 800 there, which would really be a feather in our craft. Didn't we have 800 by noon yesterday? I think. Yeah, I think there are boots. We were like right on the verge of a major achievement. We're going to be in the Guinness Book of Records, boys and girls. I'm just killing time waiting for this facts, which is cranking right now. They're cranking it. Oh, I got it. All right. Oh, I thought it was going to be something. Well, this is one of our regular facts. There's less than a nice amount of time. And it says, how can I explain to my children that the answer is $5 a gallon or presence in the oil business? How can I explain to my children that despite what they're learning in public school, the world is not flat? How can I explain to my children that our God is better than their God? How can I explain to my children that 2000 Americans and 100,000 or Rackies are dead and were based on lies? How can I explain to my children that the 911 high-deckers were Saudis, not Rackies? How can I explain to my children that we have a $9,00 trillion deficit? No, it's not a 3 trillion. How can I explain to my children that 50-minute Americans can't afford health insurance? How can I explain to my children that here's the best of all that Lady Martez is on the radio. That is outstanding. That really is rock solid. That's pretty good. Not the best, but it's good. It's right up here in the running. But of course we're worried about words and what am I going to tell my children when they see these? Let me ask you this. You got all this graffiti. Remember I told you that day there was a big, of course this is a candidate where they're not so uptight about the words and stuff like that. They don't give a crap. And a CBC runs over the air, not people. Everyone of those news documentaries, they leave all the efforts in it. They show the F-911 and the board is to call them by up all the F-s. They'll probably have a sniff about it. They're not. But under the overpass, they're running away to the gardener's press with the other lady. They're saying something written to graffiti, the F-word, F-U-Bush. Now, obviously anybody driving by there, nobody's going to come all along and scrub that out or who cares? And kids are going to see it. Is it going to change your eyes? Is it a word that they don't hear every word? Who cares? It'll unravel the fabric of the society. I'd be much more concerned about how your kids can understand that all these soldiers have been sacrificed, these lives are being thrown away. And we're killing all these innocent men and women in children. They're like these little babies with an Obama Grande and a lot more. I'd be concerned about a slave that to them as opposed to, oh gee, what does that word a begins with F-M-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U B-M-I-W-M-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-R-A-U-B-U-B-U-B-U-B-Parbit in the very head who had your name, Thigh Chester, Thetrodley Vanguard and назад, But you would live But you would live and fight, and fight the power to pledge your head, And if you would смер their rights Cole 먹ers lives all as your favorite for pulling you, The first episode- eve plugs, Call me up to death, tie that straight up,寓 Tolerator, Oh! There's nothing more dedication, andmonton of 13 years old Lebu peacock and the winter 제�, Ballet Appak Cordass, Lหมire, Bad end, The world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's our only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, the world's only, stay still, stay still, where it goes, there're so many games and games, there's so many games and games and games and games and CDs, there's no score E hahaha! And all the reality of the world not only they were locked up so far, and the are available themselves and their slippers were trapped in the same scene.. Eun translucent glass각edaves with icons and six assistants The fascination, the black-faceted moon. This God is for me, John. I know you like this moon. Because father that may, John, passes you with faith. Get out of here, don't you? The existence of all those two. Believe everything we can. And the state run you. Blood war for poor friends. Be loved your husband. A roving, tainy foolish thing. That has to be safe. Please don't mind you see our job, to know about a planet's blue. We're vaccinated by a chain of no means of stupid fools. All around what is guilty. The fascinaries can win. Everybody's certain about this. We're going to be a real one. You know, I said, I see somebody. I'm going to be a huge one. You see those? You know, going get a real one. That has the real word on there. Stop beating around the bush. I said that. They responded. Okay, good. 776. That sounds kind of patriotic. It's been 1776 when the funny fathers would be rolling over in their graves, which I'm sure they are right now. Top had Jefferson. 1776. What? 2008 presidential hopeful to you through the most Jeb Bush the your fat ass governor 388. Bill fist 123. Hillary Clinton 93. Condolese is he's got about 40 girlfriends. New King Rich 37. Rudy Giuliani 21. John McCain 20. John Kerry 18. Al Gore 12. Joe find bird and Joe Biden or Ty. We can't separate those two. They're like sign these twins. I'd like that. Each have Joe. Yeah, I'd recommend before and send it. The Sam Brown back just went on. Who's he is he's to the right of Hillary. He makes a till a till a until the hunt hitler and all of them look like liberals. Ganges con and any cop. He makes them all look like flaming liberals. Air force suit over religion. Boy. A new Mexico man. Sue the Air Force yesterday claiming Air Force Academy senior officers and cadets illegally imposed Christian and the others at the school. It's called Farbiz in a glam. I'm going to say it again for those people who just a one-one understand it. I have no problem with you believing any kind of fairy tales whatever you want to believe. But leave everybody else alone. Stop persecuting and harming other people and hating other people and fomenting hate because of your idiotic beliefs of crap. Okay. To leave whatever you want to believe but have a little bit of tolerance. Is that possible? We'll let him have it all for your own good. The Sue was filed in federal court by Mikey Weinstein. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. An academy graduate and outspoken critic of the schools handling religion. I wonder if Mikey is ready to brownie brown. Over the past decade or more, the Sue claims academy leaders have fostered an environment of religious intolerance of the Colorado school in violation of the first amendment. Which some of us are well not to remember. There's that guy Barbara Star. I say it by the US intelligence community. Yeah, that's a guy. It looks like a cake. You all hank an apology. On his worst day, he'll never look like that. Weinstein claims that evangelical Christians at the school at the Air Force Academy have caused attendance at religious services and prayers at official events. Among other things, all of these are the things. It's a shocking disgrace that I had to file this thing. Weinstein told me associated with press. The AP declined to me to comment. Of course, their mom, their praying for a reward to lead them out of this dark moment. Condence watched all groups in a former chaplain at the academy of a list that religious intolerance is widespread at the school. On August 29th, the Air Force issued guidelines, discouraging public prayer to official functions, and urging commanders to be sensitive about personal expressions of religious faith in Jesus' name. They're been complaints at the academy that a Jewish kid that was told the Holocaust will be avenged for the death of Jesus, and that another Jew was called a Christ killer by a fellow cadet. I thought we out through that in like elementary school, and then kindergarten. Merceticly start. A banner in the football team's locker room read, I am a Christian first and last. I am a member of teen Jesus Christ. Also, there have been complaints that cadets were pressured within chapel that academy staffers put new testament verses in government emails, and that cadets used the email system to encourage others to see the Mel Gibson movie that passion of the Christ. Why in San Luis Jewish? No kidding. And Liz and Albuquerque said the Air Force has violated cadets rights to worship as they choose. My problem is that with Judaism, Hinduism, Christianity, or even evangelical Christianity said, it's said whenever we're legit, in this case a group of people try to engage the machinery of the state, it is constitutionally repugnant and violent of, and he is absolutely, I ask God, Er, absolutely correct. I mean, or what's his name Mikey? Mikey likes it. Really? No. Mikey, you don't like it. Look at that, think he's showing a hazmat thing and the guy can go back to basketball and for another one. He's getting the banana split. The lawsuit with names the Air Force and its acting secretary Peter Garwin is defendants, asks the Air Force to prohibit its members including chaplains from evangelizing and proselytizing, or in any way, a related way of attempting to involuntarily convert pressure, or persuade a fellow member in the US Air Force to accept their own religious beliefs while on duty. In June, an Air Force task force said if I don't know over religious discrimination, but observed a lack of sensitivity among some and confusion over what is permissible in sharing one's faith. I got one more to answer for that. Don't. Okay. Sharing one's faith. Don't share. Maybe a nice pizza? Sure. Maybe holiday bonus? Sure. What do you wait for somebody to ask you about your religion? Sure. The answer is no. Don't even think about it. Sharing one. And it's called parcel. That under was sharing. Believe it said, making people laugh if they can't refuse. I think it's not just a coincidence that that line was in the godfather. I'm going to make them an offer. See, that was part of their Catholic bashing they didn't move me to. Do you reject Satan about a laying or a whole thing with that silly ass baptism cram? She was a little water on your head and all of a sudden you're going to be like, Oh, we're going to better know everybody else. In June and therefore, as Tansforce said, if I know over religious discrimination, but I'm observant the lack of sensitivity among some and confuse you over what is permissible ensuring one's faith after July, this is the Academy of Dean a team from the Yale Divinity School, if you leave a report last month saying, it found lingering problems among the Academy's chapems whose activities may conflict with the goals of school leaders in the Air Force overall or the Air Force is overall. I like that. Those chapems want to get in their overalls and it doesn't surprise me, right? Where's shop? So, in 1998 votes, we need to get to that 800 marked end will be on our way. And it's kind of slow down around that thing. Probably because I got caught about the t-shirt. Well, speaking of that, you're not going to keep your bashing as religious stuff, are you better? You better. Alabama church youth swallow his live goldfish. This is two days in a row we had a goldfish during this is a different one though. That was another good one, about the Peter people. Remember that? Oh, good God. Oh, they were all booked up because some kid. Peter? Swallow the goldfish. Well, same thing here. Flores Alabama. Well, I bet you that's a place of real enlightenment and liberal thinking. That's a real progressive place. Flores Alabama. Now, yeah, exactly when you go there, you have a banjo on your knee. You can have it anywhere on your back. You can. You'll pick it. The first is somebody of God church has a fear factor ministry that had youth swallowing live goldfish if they were up to it. The youth ministry says it teaches children about fear, but a grandparent question and a pet shop, what are called an animal cruelty? The pet shop boys are called an animal cruelty. Fear factor is that we all at least see what we know about. We need to be realistic about what the Bible says about fear and not be afraid to share our faith in school. Youth ministry are Anthony Martin told the times they've been in a story yesterday. We can't let their fear rule our lives. Whatever that means. Martin said the ministry's participants are between the ages of 14 and 21. And then they had to get their parents to sign a waiver to be involved. Let their kids swallow goldfish. And now is this, have something to do with the, the Jesus spacious? Is that what that's supposed to signify? I wish I knew. Hey, you better get with that, Mr. That's the church I used to go to. What? Assembly guy. For instance, Alabama. Well, not that one. Different one. When you better get to force out a day and one, get things right with the Lord before it's too late. And when you go to this early, it'll be too late. Through this ministry, kids are surrounding their lives to Jesus and developing a deep Reformation ship with Jesus. He said, the method of the ministry that we used to bring people is going to change, but the message is going to Stay consistent. See, a lot of people think that the rest of the world is especially Europe is just a gas with Revoltsion for what's happening in America. And it isn't just the, you know, bomb by it's not just that part of it, all the violence, but it also has to do with this religious fanaticism. And yeah, I've had some stories on that, but the, most people don't pick up on that that the civilized Parts of the rest of the world and there are some. I know it comes in a shock. The civilized parts. They just are grossed out by this as opposed to the uncivilized places, especially a lot of the Schmachtian places that we, you know, are in partners with. They think it's great. Of course, we got to wrong God never lies in the wrong Bible, but at least it's a start. In teaching lesson about fear participants in last week's round were asked to pull a number between one and three from a Bowl that would indicate how many live comic goldfish would be swallowed. Martin said 12 of the almost 20 young people participated in advances week to the, this, Roger by activities, which involved unduing chains and getting out of a real coffin with the eight fastest advancing. What does this have to do with church, by the way? The final for will compete for 250 bucks by the Ministry's final week. Martin said he had been contacted by one participants grandma, who was angry about the activity, which he said was used for the first time last year. We resolved the issue when I explained what happened and that we were using it to draw kids to Jesus to have a deep relationship with him. She seemed to simmer down. He said simmer down grandma. Paula Keaton manager of Pepe Depot with sold a face that she considers the church's actions is animal cruelty. It is against our policy to sell the people that would like to wag its, you know, how much food about that. So against our policy to sell the people if the animal would be killed, Keaton told the times David, these aren't for Keaton. To me, it's the same as taking a dog or can't killing in front of a group of children. Martin said about half the participants in the fear of fact, the Ministry, our members of the church, which has about 300 people to send so many morning services, others are just guests. People like seeing other people swallow a goldfish. Okay. Martin maintained, you ever were sitting around watching other people swallow? Martin maintains that the children not forced to participate and there is no peer pressure involved, but there is no alternative to the activity and not participating means forfeiting the right to advance in the game. It's highly like that. It's a game of goldfish, baby. So what do you rather be goldstein or goldfish? Goldberg or goldberg or goldstein or goldstein or goldstein or winestein or how about Joel Fiber? There's a fine name for you. As in our where-fine. 814 votes on a poll. I just find that so childish in juvenile. Yeah. Maybe that's a characteristic of radio management and software. A lot of overgrown children running around running places. People get all bent out of shape and put their hands through the wall and thrown furniture around. All of these, so we ask stupid as far of these things. 814 votes. We'll get that thought. We only have to like push on it, do we? No pushing. Right? All come out, push a little. I think we're in easy today. We're going to let us off the hook for all time sake. We're going to fish any bug the go to. We haven't put that on our yesterday. Let's do that polling and we got to put the machine out with it. And what's the other guy? F-trupe. And that's why. F-trupe. And this guy's got some nerve on it. And they we got the story there about the teacher yesterday. And then other thing with Walmart and this guy's calling him with F-trupe. You potty mouth. Wash your mouth out with lice on. See their potty wash. You call people potty mouth? 12. Yeah. 1215. And we got more and 2. Speaking of pornographic and obscene, we got Curtis and forford and mad dog. And in the panther stuff, all body world famous at Kampland gambling show. If you're in a market for a new car, go put it off another minute. Get on down and see our good friends at Armstrong Ford Homestead. They carry the complete law for line with great service selection and everyday low prices too. Need an F-trupe or 50 or Ranger? Mustang or a splur. Armstrong Ford's got him. When you buy a new for from Armstrong Ford Homestead, not only did you get it great deal, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. David Richen and Stanford Armstrong Ford Homestead will guarantee you the best price. They will bet fat boys life out of it. They can't beat their prices. And no big at Armstrong Ford Homestead is locally owned and operated. They always treat you to his life family. And they guarantee you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place. No bait and switch. No folding deals. No gains. No BS. Just sensational unbeatable deals. Armstrong Ford Homestead, the reveal 725 South, 60 Highway. Just 20 minutes out to the 836. Check them out on the web. Armstrong Cars.com and then give David Rich a call at 305-247-5112. Betty Andrew I have a few miles extra in Savior's self-thousand's at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. This is real Rogers. This is 516A. You wear shoes. The federal government's just low in the depot's people to buy it. And your women and tracers are from both parties. Brown offered no authority. And mostly, ladies and others, with a default price, they cost hundreds of dollars. My crown, there's no one left to blame. I said, brownie, you're the government's shame. I said, brownie, your corvaries up in flames. There's no one. I know who's or whose or whose name George Bush. We better make them shut up before he says. If we're true who messed up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things that he should do. Time to pass. I'm afraid you're filmed around the F.E.M.A. So people die when he friend F.E.M.A. That's a movie. Now the everywhere knows that your leadership modes, you can go back to your horrors shows. Today, for public and janji, Democrats criticise the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. Oh my God. Exactly. I only 147 grand a year when he worried about its mob potatoes. Right. Oh, Mayor Bloomberg is discussing that soda can. Presence. We're up with that thread. Right. A false alarm at Penn Station in mid-Security. Or if this is so sad. Safety, safety, safety. Keep them scared. Police have done parts in yours. Vizzie Penn Station this morning. The first one substance was found in a soda can. Your antratch ticket counter. Unknown substance and a soda can. That would just send me shrieking. Yep. The incident came with the amphitheor. 30 is one of a specific terrorist right against the city's subway system. A police or a told, and G.C. and N.Z.M. Reserve, that initial test on the green bubbly substance found in the can indicated that green dye mixed with sodium hydroxide. Also known as caustic soda or li. And we're not lying. It appears to be a hoax. The source said. Sodium hydroxide is used in many cleaners. It can be poisons if ingested. It can cause severe burns if it gets in somebody's skin or in their eyes. It burns. Nundestation was evacuated. It includes requested the closure so they could cure out an investigation. And cracks a syphine supernet of my Gallagher B.S. There was no danger at any time anyone said. No, no kidding. Police closed the main entrance at 9.30 this morning. About only security personnel to enter a corner witnesses. An antratch spokeswoman. A 30 is also cleared half of antratch main plan for Mary and Sivestation and provided passages from entering the area. Folks will be married. Marcy Galgowski said. We're going to help Mary. Marcy is also about now related. Most of the platform was to open a passage below an attempt for a 30 by 30 foot. Area. According to the Alpha Police through the Antrack ticket counter. All antratch means are offering normally any audio audio audio. There you go. Various suspicious bubbly green substance in a soda can found near the ticket counter. And the rest of the world is sticking themselves only one thing. Oh my God. Wow. 841 votes on the pool. We are so pleased to impress. This audience has come to the last. I don't know. Big big time. But we don't want to overdo it. That's why I'm going on vacation next week. Because we don't want to overdo all this progress. Good. You're really. I said. So big number in there. One of these trans are really piss him off. Go back. Draw. How's that? Oh, here coming. Not there. That's like I said, it line one needs some fixing. QAM. Hello. Hello. You're okay. I always start with that same. And it's not never on more than a half a second. But it's sure good. That keeps him off the street. How are you? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's get these phones blazing again. We want to hear from all our good friends today. And of course, if we ever found any. I'm surprised if that guy's called me forward and listen to much greater response from this very apathetic crowd. You know what I want to call it? That's a lot of facts. Now we're in. How's that? Well, what do I tell my kid about seeing that effort? You know, you are so out of touch with what kids are talking and seeing. Right. And then this will obsession with words. Oh, it's dirty words. Wow. What do you tell them when they have a living in a country where everybody swore a lot in the nanny guns and work killing everybody else. To me, that's a much more pleasant kind of a place as opposed to people. Everybody speaks very properly. And then by the way, you know, crap away. I mean, I believe you're stuff like that. But you can be politely killed right, lightly killed. Do any QA in? Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good, pal. More scary news. This apparently is Rick Sanatorium loses in Pennsylvania. San Toram, yes? Yeah, as well. San Toram, where are you going? I heard. And I've read. I've looked up. It may be a possible presidential candidate. Which is already made with results. Another good one to put on full Rick San Toram. SANTO are you M. You M. You can't call. You can't call. That's not what you're saying. That's not what you're saying. Thanks, pal. Rick San Toram, we got him on our yet. Yes. Yes. Penn Station reopens after an apparent hopes and Vovie is so to can with a bubbly, slimy green substance in it. And they're Bloomberg who's one of the most pedantic idiot idiots ever seen in my life. All right, ramping off ramping off. He ain't air and brown out of a low thing. Make a good period. The whiny brothers. Come at the QA in. Hello. Yeah. Like the speaking. Speaking. Pretty good. Well, I'm going to call there. It's going to disagree with you a little bit on the speech situation. Yeah. I can understand where you come in from. But there's certain things that even those words do not hurt people. Yeah. But they can't provoke people to violence. Right, like Jesus. God, Jesus. I mean, well, what is any kind of hateful speech? I mean, the comments that little bit it made were his choices and his right. But they were hurtful things. Yeah. Let me ask you this. On these talk shows, you're infecting her on the promos. Hank in the meat calling her call her an idiot. That could be hurtful. Does that mean we're not supposed to be able to say that hurtful speech? Oh, you hurt my feelings. You called me a moron in idiot. Is this a slime ball? Uh, that's just silly what you're saying. And let me ask you this. Who defines what hurtful speech is. Who got the book on that? Exactly. That's the whole point. I mean, if you made comments about like in the name of who talks about gaze and lesbians or if someone had a t-shirt on that bill, it was right. What do you even then says all those things? He's got a right to say that. I just don't have to buy his records. That's all it was music. That's the way it works. You have a right and that's the whole idea of choice. I mean, it's easier to tear down a building. But how do we construct one that will make it better? And by the way, if you've made what you're saying, you're talking in double talk. You're going around and sort of what does that mean? What I mean is that it takes no time to build something. Oh, to tear something down. But to try to resurrect or come over with a solution that's made of a solution to what? A solution to what? Why would anybody even have those ideas of wanting to murder or to kill anybody? I mean, that doesn't actually be great. Because there's sick because they have no respect for human life or like in a better case. And like in Bill Beniz case, he's a bigoted right-wing piece of crap. It's a crap hypocrite. Right. But let me ask you something. If someone calls you and threaten your life every day. And even though they're not physically doing any harm to you. That doesn't mean that it protects. That's what pages are protected by. A lot of course not. That doesn't protect. Hold different ballgame. Well, what does it teach her to has the info down to cut to do it's threatening your life? But I'm to say, if you protect one person because of their freedom of speech, then you have to protect everybody. No, no, no. Even that's a little bit different. I have a second. Okay. If you never do anything, you're just an idiot. Okay. I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. Just an absolute idiot. Just want to hear the sound of your own voice. Ram the bab bab bab. Like that. Certain forms of speech are prohibited. Right. Causing panic. You're yelling fire and a crowded theater. Right. You're screaming somebody's on. That's not protected. Play it. Right. There are laws to cover those things. Okay. But this business of the words. Right. Protecting words. Okay. There's a lowening. Those words aren't a threat to anybody. In fact, like you said, the Jesus graphs a lot more threatening to a lot of us than all this other stuff like the in the effort or right. How about if I have a t-shirt that's a screw America or screw all the or screw the Muslims? Or whatever it says, sure that might get some people pissed off. You know what? I have a right to give people pissed off. And so does everybody else. And if you're living a civilized society just because you're pissed off, you know, well, by the big, well, that's not the problem with the words. That's the problem with the society. And of course a lot of you people like this last guy has been conditioned living a state like Florida where hey, if you have a fear for your life for somebody who's dangerous or threatening you. Well, hey, that's a kind of place you want to live in to salute. You know, like I said in the Godfather. That's what Salatso said to salute. And then look what happened to him. 857 vote. Actually what he said, yeah, that's right. He said if a million dollars a cash is, you know, no problem. I'm resetting it. Right. But I must reject your offer because it's a dirty business. And I will give you my reason. Right. See, I'm doing this pretty good today. I don't know what I'm talking about. You mean I'm going to pay the little a little horse. I'm going to just a little horse and stick my horse and say, in the last guy's always come off. Well, I'm a little last. Yeah, I thought what I heard. Most said you're a big one. You didn't say, yeah, you. Oh, I don't see a lot of grass work that very nice. You see what's going to take us that lot of people. I have you know, I know what I'm talking about. And recording at the control, I said, yeah, I don't see a lot of grass work that's very nice. I've been recording at the control, I said, yeah, I'm going to tell him. And not my way to the control, and I'm holding this in house. I've been a son of a son. I've been a son of a son. But go on, you go back and down. Go on. Go on. Go back and down. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on, go on. Begin. Time. gibtion. Baby- God, tell me who you think you're doing. I know everything that's going on in Bad Oos. Why I even know all the dumbass are rules. I'm happy to the judge, Daddy. I'm so bad to know I'm not gonna lie. You can better show when I take you straight. I know I ain't always clearly need. But when they drop high boys, you'll change. You're a little smoothing, the court is the court. You're a court. But the court is the court. I'm just sorry. It's a classic, baby. It's a number one with three bullets. It's a bigger than life itself. Let's see. Here's a fact. It says Hank was right. Wow. How you like this? I'm getting arrested about the fact machine. Okay. How long is this damn thing? How many pages of this are there? Just the two. What's the number one? So the one is the one who's going to have the two. It's one of the richest. One of the wealthiest men in South Florida. Of course, Joe works for Daddy's company. He grew up with weir. So, log can. Eisenberg. Oh, no. So, numbers. This is none of those for attorneys or wannabes. Oh, I can just see them right now. Sitting around and plotting this whole thing. Oh, we're gonna take Daddy's money. And we're gonna put that QA in the bottom. I like that. We'll do anything to hurt them. All working at that station says none of them played sports. Pass little league. They're all fancies themselves as experts. So they're bought at Daddy's bottom a toy to play with. How do you like that? That's how a putt like Stougat skits to be general manager of a Makefully Radio Station. And Joe gets his picture taken with Nick Sabin. Oh, so none of them are just guys. Just another punk with a rich daddy. Holy moly. Are you kidding me? Joe, findberg my ass. How you doing? No wonder they got, oh numbers. Although he does have 10 votes. He's right above Joe Biden. People are obscured. And I guarantee you all 10 of them are from inside the building over there. So it's interesting that he grew up with these guys. But another obviously bad nothing of all over town. I guess St. Levasse was not at least. Or Joe. Joe rose hate you by the way, Joe. He wishes you would die a wicked debt. He despises you. He thinks you are quizzing and as simple as him. Anyway, moving along. Now that's pretty interesting stuff. He grew up with those. This is it. You know what it reminds me of? It's like parents and his buddies in our station. You know Robert Greeper and the Beast and all Clarence's little boys. Friends of the UM connection and all these little quiz links. That's what our station's all about. So it's Clarence's little boyfriend for turnity against St. Levasse's fraternity. And this is our relative. We want to part of times. St. Levasse was our Clarence's under his wing. And Clarence was booking guests for him on the, when he was working on a 940 on a failed Fox sports adventure. When he was on there, Clarence was booking guests for his show. So he's uptitiously under the table. And now we rewarded Clarence for that disloyal of making him the program director. How do you like that? Clarence, you sell out. You do fairy. A Palestinian leader quoted George W. Bush is saying, God told him to invade Iraq. But said he didn't take the US president's comment literally. And so it only is a reflection of his faith and commitment. Have another great W. The White House dismissed as absurd the remarks attributed to Bush by the Prime Minister. Now Bill Shawath and the BBC documentary series. We've got to get June 2003 meeting. We attended along with Machmood Abbas. Now the Palestinian president. The White House. Shawath said he's divided the election of Bush. He had been driven with a mission from God when he sent US troops into Iraq and Afghanistan. And also let his support to be eventual creation of a Palestinian state. But Shawath told writers today we never thought he had literally had God speaking to him. And advanced excerpts from the TV series and elusive pieces. Bill in the Arabs to be broadcast this month. Shawath says, President Bush said to all of us, I'm driven with a mission from God. God would tell me George going fight those terrorists in Afghanistan. And I did. And then God would tell me George going end the tyranny in Iraq. And I did. And now again I feel God's words coming to me. Gabriel Grogeth, the Palestinians, their state, and get to his rallys, their security, and get peace and release. And by God I'm going to do a child quotes in the same. And we spot White House spokesman Scott McClellan, the ultimate liar told reporters and Washington he's never made such comments. He didn't see another scene. Do not. How do you like that? Oh no no God thought it. I was John McCain. And the law over. And effective. If you don't stop the other chief is all popped up now too. I guess that's matching. I think it's matching. I think it's a battle. Kind of kind of like a nice even. Back home. Yeah. That matching team. They're in the house. 891 votes. When we come back after the next very short break. Cause they're all sure today because they're sealed to prominence. Good. Sluff. They took some time off for the dualities. I guess. Do we have any Jewish salespeople? No. Killing? You're good for an Adam Todd. Oh, that's a wrap. We got about time. Very sarner. Adam is Jewish. And I want to get. Gary Sarner doesn't sell this show. I don't know. They include him. He's got up to do with us. That's why. He does not sell this show. He's doing his incoshering the house. Okay. Croshering is. Back to him. Yeah. No, seriously. We don't have any. We're near the. All of our best salesperson ever. I know sure was John weaness. Right. Not a Jew. Not a Jew. No, not a Jew. The Jew is on the other hand. Well, we have PD Lennie. He's a little bit. Right. Well, what does it have to do with anything? Have we ever come from about to Jewish salespeople? They took off for them. We don't have a kidney's. Right. I don't understand because I want to see none of her votes. I'm going to figure out how proud is the NBC P.Cock. 898. That's pretty great. And if I like your refresh it again, what do you think? What are the odds? Cough any K right now. Get the morning line on it. Like probably three to five. I'll get the overs and their numbers. And we're still alive in the pick 85. Let's see. 899. Now they're pouring in by the ones. 899. I'm going to refresh it one more time. One more time. What do you got? What's the two guys? 899. You don't hate 999. Refresh it again. And again, and this can take us up to 899. One more time. 899. Sounds like a sale of 10. It does. It's stuck there. Oh, 902. Man, it's just 899. 20. 20. 20. 1. 1. 1. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 10. 20. 20. 20. 10. 20. 25. 20. 12. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 21. 20. 20. anybody it looked like he was on a monster should not have been running al-Gorther-Teen another man was fine personality Joe fine bro 12 who send it a sandbrow back eleven right under jol's butt written in torrentine joe uh... by nine and veracco bama is in last place which is a good thing say he's only got eight and he's uh... great this is new this is five sixty two boy it's the one to two hour it was dis avec national and any large interesting twelve thing not e five Get away from my car, European on my time! This is learning to spare with Donale. Abby, Donale Jackson. You're the door to door door door door door door door door. Make some motivation. I like this when you're doing the way. But you're with Daisy. Oh, so, what? And when you're doing, Hey, this is a phone call. You're keeping me, you're enjoying the time. You're enjoying the time. Oh, no. This is a door to door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door door. And on the street. I think you're busy with it. When you're doing the way, you're behind it. When you start having such a cover door, I feel the way I'm filming the crazy dog processing! Let's try it first. Go and crank it here. Back to the driver's. New Cumions of the door. Place the door to the door. So we can make the same. Okay, go. Now you're wearing one book right away. We're wearing one! Okay, this is how we're doing, Make each seat. Gottairim up. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a pig. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. I don't know what that's all about. I never said that. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. It's not a dog. Somebody who's trying to say really. Oh, 979 votes. Any second I will be over the thousand mark for about the 800 day in a row. This is becoming like a habit now. Yeah. Don't get hurt. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. The next question is wrong. That's the total one. There's a number in ile and this one is another so this'll be different. You'll be the f�� moment. Yeah, that's the 40 jol. 0 please. I guess we're going to still in five minute delay kicks in. It will be almost time to leave any way. That's because we're going to have it running. You'll get somebody to cover up the show. You need to get them sing and you need to get them sing and lead all on the family song. Yeah, well that's a good idea. I'm right there. That's it. Excellent. That's right. Boy, the way that Gildi sang, yeah I can hear it now. Okay, a lot of to the list. Do it. Do it. I find myself doing that Do it in a shower just all over the place. Even before the show, I'm sitting here. Everybody is without even being aware of it. Do it. Do it. The little kid says it. Yeah, what's wrong with that? There's no wrong with Do it. Do it. Everybody we have a talk about that. And we're still wearing a doi on their head. Oh, you know I didn't play? Well, the phones are here. Remember, I got to do that to these studios. Okay. WDQAM Hello. Mardi Com. WDQAM Hello. Hey, hey. Yeah. Listen, I guess. I'm wasting. I never thought it was real, but the other day I'm at 136 and 590, 590s paper vendors were asking a pile of alcohol back in fuller. Yeah. Underneath the overpass. I mean, so when I heard, I heard it was a soapy green liquid that they were drinking out of a soda can. Yeah. But I know, so I dropped direct TV for Comcast, what a stupid situation that was. But okay, Joel. Yeah. 560, 560. By the way, Tom. Yeah. Booker by reminds me, he already done that. More what does it call? Those were the gaze. No, no. Really? That's you. 9 on 5. During the original cast of all of the family, Dan and the lot in the premiere, you can't do that. No, no. That's not the name of it. I can't even say the name of it anymore. We can't play it then. Guzzling gaze. Oh, we can order the word there. No way. And it was great. And it was great. But again, in the line of what things we can't say on the other things we can't talk about. There's another example. See, that's why the American public, most of them, including even the people who like and listen to this show. They're most of them are just out of, they just don't get it. So when I come on here and say, we ought to be able to use any language we want. Oh, no, why not? Right. Based on what? Based on somebody's health and just arbitrarily decided you can't say this, you can't say that. I'm not buying it. It's a salad. It's a series of salad. It's a word. That's all. Words don't hurt people. If they hurt your feelings too bad. If they're like a libelist, then we have laws to handle that. We have libel laws to handle. If they're like threatening, that's a whole different thing. That's what's written to me. He's like, we have laws to cover those things. We're not even beginning to go there. We're talking about terms of language. The idea that somebody picks and chooses some idiot like Joyce over there in Naples sits there. Some self-important bitch like Norther. Oh, and you can't do it. Apart from your fancy, the ass and your fancy, the ass and your fancy, the ass and your fancy, all the other crap, you know? I guess what? Yamama. How do you like that? I can say that. She is absolutely totally unqualified to be in that position to be. She hasn't got any clue what this business is all about or about FCC law. And again, she was in a medical insurance person in Maryland or Virginia some damn place. And they bring her down here only the beesleys could find somebody so eminently unqualified. It's kind of like a cheat sheet is to radio what Harriet Myers is in the law. Only Harriet at least, that one I was a lawyer anyway. Well, this one was a lawyer too. Where's her dime it doesn't just ask normal, she'll tell you. We get our thousandth or what? The story keeps showing the same old, this is old footage. I'm sure that they keep showing on there. 991 before the next break will be on the other side of the list. 997. But you notice now all the evening, the media always came into this crap. This is what he started yesterday morning with an 80 million speech about terror, the war and terror and Iraq and trying to just about and again wagging the dog, wagging the dog, wagging it up, getting everybody's attention off of Bill Frist and Tom Delay and about Carl Roe and Scooter Libby. All these other scandals, the fact that the whole house of cards has come crumbling down. No, now that's all they're talking about is, look at this, the Department of Homeland Security says that this threat is a doubtful credibility. They have a terrorism brief every day. Every single day and he's also a doubtful credibility. So all they did was use the New York people to get them whipped up and they say, well, we don't really believe it anyway. But in the meantime, it's totally and completely changed the whole thrust. Every time they have another scandal, every time there's more bad news, whether it was the first wave of stuff about Valerie Plain, then all of a sudden they play the plain game and we got some other BS kind of crap that they bring up. The more that time goes on and more I'm convinced and I know you're in sounds very horrible to say, the more I'm convinced that in some way, maybe not directly who knows, we'll never know the truth, just like the Cannabis assassination. But in some way, the Bush clan was involved with their friends, the Saudis, and that whole 911 thing. I believe it. Sure. We read the New York Con Bible, man. If we read that the whole Peanack business about well or racquet, they must do this and a racquet, but it would put them and we'll for which the merch of Pearl on these idiots were talking about, but we've got to do this in order to change the governments and the Middle East. And the meantime, the only way the public will stand by for an invasive racquet is for another Pearl Harbor like incidents that happened. Well, maybe they just had very good fortune. Okay. The people who were in the buildings and had such good luck. But they just had good fortune. Right. 911 came along just in time just what it did. And we got some rake heads on the payroll, don't we? Yeah, they might like it, do you like that? 560, 505, 60, and a Verizon singular wildest lines. Oh, just line 9. This week, this has been the champion line. WQAM, hello. Yes. See, that is still one of the better ones. WQAM, hello. Hey, now, how you doing? Pretty good. Definitely convinced that the reason why we got hit at 911 was because the George Bush is running in with a Ben Laden family and screwing up their money. Yeah, there was something went on there. There was something. In fact, to think of the fact that daddy was meeting with the Carl Al Group in New York on the morning of the 911 attacks, there's something really smells on or what's about that. Oh, yeah. Well, look, you're a business owner. I want to invest money in your business. I give you whatever, a hundred million dollars to start doing something. I don't see any results. What do you think is going to happen? Something bad. That's a lot of money. Something bad. Something bad. Definitely. I also want to think. I'm a Democrat and I have a few acquaintances that I know that are Republicans. You know, it's funny. The only thing that these people seem to care about is only themselves and how much money that they can save in their lives. Now you're talking, actually. The only thing that they talked about is how much money they save in their taxes. They do not care about any other agenda. They do not care. See, now I was growing up Jewish. How we started almost all Jews were Democrats and that they were liberals and that they cared about social issues and about to all of it. And once upon a time, that seemed to me the general Jewish ethic. But as I grow older, I realized that more and more Jews in this country are sellouts. And as long as somebody gave them some tax breaks, that the dollar was like, that's how much this thing only Jews. But it's a very sad thing that people used to have some ethics. So many of them now totally sold out. Like David from and like a whole bunch of these. Well, yeah. Well, it's a lot of you know, I'm Jewish also. And I do not think that way. So you know, it's a, I feel number one taking care of your home and security in their home and your people at home is number one before he's thinking about taking care of anybody else. I'm in sin that for 80 years now. So you know, I don't know. I think I should have wanted to jab their doing in the world as man, taking care of their their own. You know, in a way, it's not surprising to me because I know these people have their own agenda. And whatever they do is what they want to do, not what they should be doing. Well, as they say inside, be a hubm in dread, have a good, a japping to your family. You two, you see. Hey, care buddy. Just acting quickly enough for a pair for a possible pandemic. Oh, here we go. Let's have a big argument about this. Everybody's going to, if you don't die from the terrorist attack, it's going to be the Avian flu or Avian, if you drink to a avian. Okay. And that's French water, man. Now, if we patch up our deal with the French enough so that we can stop it at, uh, feed them toast and feed them water and all that other stuff. No. Oh, well, like I said, look out for that avian. And that avian to 1010, that we had that day of the day we had 1010. I was talking about 1010 wins near and 1010 CFRB in Toronto. Her annual fund was that it doesn't vote. The dirty dozen. This is Neil Ratt. Oh, this is by 16. Jesus. Oh, double yeah. And the company called the Texas way. And the guitar on my knee, all day died in the easy and up, I race past the routine. Oh, uh, say not, don't put no blame on me. But the company, the patient, for upwater water, to let me swing your partner around the ground. Now, do those swam into the war with stones. Swim to the left to the right. Here we go. Swim a little mud out, those two go. Oh, uh, three not. Like it goes, people, three. Guys, aren't invited, man. All right. Cool, people too for something tonight. That's a whistle over just days that you pull the right push them up. Yeah, that's what you're talking about. Well, you guys that both picked up the funky row, and they ride like a strong gust of rad. So, let it stay and we'll change it right. So, good luck. As usual. And the first lot of boys, they only have a half road to the limit today on the switch. So, you know, you can take that kind of quick car. If I could talk, people say I'm a ruster, I need to turn. William home was no match or even, Richard Haxie drives us over to. From a rocker sick of a renal blood, The one can stop her from telling her why, The one struck by a duet, While she did was constantly bitch, She's the most sacred reality star. By far. What's 17 at five, 16, You can't even get the mole-mysterer. Mr. Mysterer. On an Indian way, what did you play? I'll find it. Let's see there. I heard it. Seth was to die. If we're a crime, we didn't commit. We didn't commit a crime. Oh, I'm alive. He's six to clear his name. I'm a citizen of the United States. Only the one on the way. No, it's not true. Who's that? Oh, so dear, too. Why could he pray? There he goes. The police are at his feet. There he is in the shuttle hand charge with a violent cross. But so dear, starring my heart as a secretary of art. I wonder where that monk is. Larry Pong, there's the one on demand. I ain't the winner. He's the one. Curly Howard. Oh, so dear. Oh, so dear. But so dear, I'm a citizen of the United States. That's 10 years old. Poor boy. He slowed us. Yes. He gotenga. But still. And let's go see where he got the mystery book. The havekes whereysiye. Look, the thief's enthusiasm. Let's see shows. The怎么 typically takes time from us. Learn, learn, learn, learn. Oh, this huge marathon. Talk about satisfaction, honey, it's still last talk. And a lot of moe actions. You like the radio? Right, man, I love it. You've got it. No, I love it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, I love the three stages and their 30 minute shows. Curly shift, mowing, lary, and how bad, Joe. Yeah, huh, love it. When Larry Ducks, Curly gets in in the hair, the revoke control in one hand, laughing in my face. I was in TV, had, and why my wife was a fack? And it's still last talk, and a lot more action. I went in the last talk, and turned up my show. I love the three stages I was not in a row. It's a huge marathon. It's to not remain the fraction, and it's better than you. And I get satisfaction. Oh, so good. So good. Oh, good. Good day, it's time. And a lot more action. It's going to be late. I got that. Go go go. One more action, baby. We got that coming up with two. What an intro that was. Curtis Stevenson is four for the mad dog. And then the pants are people with seven game times seven. 30 lightning and the pants are that you're a bank at Lannick. He had a center 80 can for the hockey game. A big game, even though it's the second game of the season. Why is it a big game? I don't know. There are all big games, right? Yeah, yeah. All those games, George is a win a game with that. Is Josh going to the game tonight, probably not a Friday night. Yeah, I'm off that. I'll set for one. Not going. Oh. He went now. He went on Wednesday. It was a good game or not. I was told it was pretty plundered. I went on Wednesday. But you did not? No. Or the beast went on Wednesday. I knew somebody was confabulating the incident about it. But if you didn't go on Wednesday, either with your new press credentials? No. I'm going to make you a big panther fan of the season. We love the panthers. I like game. Pindigame. I'm having a time. I'm going to be your thing. I beg your pardon. I've been to games. I've had a good time at the bar. There you go. Well, now you got the big in. And of course, you might answer to some tickets once they're wild. But I will see. Ted Koppel will anchor his last edition of Nightline of Number 22 with the first post couple of days into the ABC newscast every November 28th and that we're said yesterday. Koppel. Who do you like better? Bernie Compeler said Koppel. Oh, no, Knot Test Bernie. Koppel 65 is anchored the show since its official launch in March of 1980. The show grew out of a series of special reports about the Waning Houses crisis that began the previous November. Koppel Land is, look at that. It's got made in one word. Koppel Land, like Disneyland. Koppel, it is that on executive producer Tom Betegg, are expected to keep working together on news programs. If you leave me, we've seen it. How's that? Because you've never seen Ted Koppel and how do you do it together? He is just a nebish. He's like once different way from Bill Mar. How the late night news shows will the volatile run? Koppel's departure means a mystery. Less than two months before its debut. ABC is a party James Goldstone who produced a British show similar to Nightline as the broadcast news executive producer and is experimented with a multi-topic format and the night's couple was off. The longtime Boston Bay show is expected to split time between studios there and New York when the public reports several reports also suggested Koppel be replaced by multiple anchors. ABC News is to plan to talk about its nightline plans until they're complete. There you go. Same with the CBS to try to figure out what to do once they shove that old funny that he okidoki bob, she for any okidoki swamps. I was telling a certain day that I dreamed that it was nice and I hit the CBS button and buffalo. The okidoki by the way. And I went by okidoki so fast that his hit was been in a like a dreddle. Like the guy in talk radio air, but gogin. He's just a prophet. He's embarrassing. He makes letting him our test seem like Edward R. 560 pound 560. And he provides an in singular wireless lines to t-shirt or not to t-shirt that's our question today. Of course people in South Florida be used to that. Remember Mara Guelante the obnoxious disgusting idiotic bitch Mayor and Hollywood. Oh life is a beach you can't have that. Remember that was a her. Or have to remember she's still there. Yeah life is a beach. No one seen you remember her episodes. Yes. Just another one of these people goody two shoes. Well we can't do it based on what based on what because you said so that's the problem on the biggest problems of the market based on some jackass stuff himself up is the moral sensor. And we got plenty of that in Miami. Oh do we ever not to mention a name Tom Zicka because you sure won't. 560560 pound 560 the Verizon and singular wireless lines. How is your findberg doing? Oh hey Joel. You're fairie. Who do you two way in? Hello. Yes sir. Hey. How is your first time ever talking about the other day? So what are you talking about? You're going to ask you is Campbell Brown? No but she's high. Okay. You know when you think about this whole thing like the gorshe is talking about the panodemics that might come up. Panodemic. And then this. Oh you know all these things that they supposedly. Take a look there. From happening. Right. You know care for the past. And then you know this thing that happened today has like. Oh but I don't think there was soda can. My god. Can you imagine it's that would have been not a control? Don't you feel like this was all planned. Remember it's the year. Remember after the election they found out that it made us all those. Those warnings and that they weren't really warnings but it was a push by the White House. Right. Just like I've realized about the weapons of mass destruction. Like the lies about al Qaeda and the Sodom. Like the lies about all of these things. Like the lies about the. And these. And these. And I drew the. All of those things. And then if you put it all together. And you will be a little bit of a few. And then if you put it all together. And if that's the two warnings that they were going to fly airplanes and new buildings. Where are we? I was probably out by on a cheaper pair of shoes back then. They were they had a fish to fry. But like you said, I just think that made me there was. You can't say the ones. But like you said earlier. Let me. But that's way. Based on everything else that's happened, I wouldn't rule it out. I think you wonder. That's a really safe way to say it. And it's really really sad. Okay. Good luck to you. I'll see you. Yeah. Great. You'll see it Niagara Falls. Okay. And we all happen to a big barrel and jump over together. Or then maybe in the middle of the falls like that. Dr. will change your mind. And we'll like stick our foot on one of the big rocks. Because then it will be rock solid. You got it. Oh man. I'm going to be so excited to get out of here to a clock. That's why I want to make it sound like I'm never. You know. Just nice going on vacation for a few days. Get a whole new environment. And of course, anybody ask when I'm on vacation over there across the pond. I was saying, oh, I'm Canadian. How's it going, pal? Right. You don't even have to take it anymore. You say a boot. Just better. All the right. I can take it pretty good though. Oh, I live in Toronto. I'm Canadian. And then they smile. You know, if you say, oh, I'm American. I think I'm looking. If they had the gunloes over there, believe you me, they'd serve a shooting. 1048 votes of 148. And that is really great. May we have we're on a map now. We are finally on a map. And let's see, Joel, see, again, that fact. Now, that was the best fact to me. Not the one that you got. I mean, the one you got excited about was good. It wasn't spectacular. I was thinking. But the one about the revelations about Joel, Fineburg and Stu Goss and what's the what's the PD that punk? I don't even know who that is. Jason Saladkin. Okay. And this little group of Jackson first. I didn't realize that. I had no idea what was all about. But it's still coincidence. I guess that they keep bouncing. It'll be bouncing. It'll be bouncing from the one place on Fox 940 with at the failed experiment. And now the disaster. All the millions they're spending on adult in games and Jimmy's sillously got on the air. Oh, 0.0. Oh, and then that big 18 to 34 number, which is close to Oh, wow. Can you say failure? This is Neil Roger. Is that your? This is five stars. Is that you? Yes. Death Well President. Whoa, you ain't kidding. Who bought George? You got to go me, oh my own. You got to go home. Push the fan of the bio. But you sure feel quit when it came to sick. Carry shiver. Son of a bush is a foot near to schnell say goodbye. That's not your dick. I bought howMyBapFed Sexy 자랑 town I bought this was The Generation. Isn't that good? My type of a guy? And my so-called son of a bunch. But he's playing games and he's people. The prohibition is really annoying. He's actually a근ner because his life age is A kid, is a player. No one would like his life as a kid. He was a patriot and he died a year ago. Go out there for a play go out yesterday. Or go out tomorrow. So, think you're such a wager once that Dutch you've get locked up so we don't continue But no one will get blamed like with agent plain or hands will roll Apart hand-as-la-visuals, this if you slap on a wrist-to-notes-dog-is-file What a surprise! Because you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new mess so No fun at fun, dude, get tall, a swift pin to pull That's no problem, oh, ill fix it! Your spin, the she will deal with new world-leans Cause that's their job, oh, as per usual Son of a, who is a foot in your touch, you're an animal We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no brain Oh, I'm a problem, so I'm gay to die because at least in those girls You have no shame, oh, shame, what's that? And what's with that smirk, you stupid jerk when people have died Oh, son of a bitch you should be in peace then we mean pronto Don't do a hall of favor and get them Out, you're here, jackass So, it's a looting One thirty two and five sixty-one, who here's a fact that says no need to read on the air but why not? Don't you think this is moderately interesting and I would well say it otherwise Loot, Chris, it says just why there'd be poor guy, Syria said like radio this week And learn a few things, one, era, America loves Syria for XM a few months ago Because XM offered them a several million dollars upfront to put an end Least enough to their financial woes, so air America is now a bed with a cheap channel Two, Syria's liberal or progressive station is called Syria's left And sports ads for meals sponsors has high production values And it's apparently professional, the line of a personality's includes Alex Bennett Who am I used to listen to when WMC in the year 30 years ago I got to tell Alex Bennett, oh my god I know I got to find it, where to, it's a moment please, I'll find it If I have the ability to do, I take you out here right now Keep your teeth that nice, I was worried about that Let me worry about that, I'm on top of it That's what I'm worried about Alex Bennett is about his exciting news, uh, Tempioca putting Tim Hartman, I have no idea, I know Mary Hartman, I do know who Tim Hartman is Never heard of it And it says you're palvin Samuel, he's not my pal, she's a phagag She's obsessed with misfudge, oh, uh, cursing of loose<|pl|> He says, and it's cool to me, I have no, that sounds like heavy duty Start packed line up Two articulate, honestly funny fellows called the young Kersen evenings in Alan Colms, late at night, obviously to help you go to sleep Syria's left is years ahead of America in terms of the list of the ability Alexander mentioned that a Sifra Randy Rhodes Error America had a hard mostly stand-up comics who are invariably Lousy radio hosts Oh, there are caution and extremely topical concentrating on the latest news Interact FEMA, roleplay, and several envisioning the station lies right next to the Sirius trucking channel In the last few days several colors have mentioned how they stumbled on the Sirius left, like what they heard, have told their friends about it And I'll listen regularly while they drive and short, serious left has Entrance to real become intellectual and US to make a real difference It would at start said a lineup on it, it should really have some impact Sirius channels 101 have been set aside for a stern and his imminent arrivals being Highly promoted You should fire a norma, make up a stern, see, make up a stern, it's not me that needs to Make it, it's a bee'slies, there are ones that screwed me over the bee'slies He has no problem with me, his problem is with them And they're not going to do any business with them because they are screwing over They got an early in this market, but in Fort Myers You know, when you don't pay somebody to carry their showing your supposed to be Pan, I will even go into it Make up a stern to whatever else is required to get on the train before it pulls out of the station Oh, not if somebody's drinking a soda can and that slimy green fluid Having say two hours of you did a QM show of sample cast on Sirius, you should not require you to quit Toronto to vote any more time after preparing your show or presenting significantly Legal difficulties, please do yourself your friends and your ex country a big favor Looking at this more deeply and see if you can take to the skies and go national To sincerely, I can't read the name for a scribbled scroll, the chronic encoco Wow, I have one answer to that No, no, not gonna have And I, with all the respect, I appreciate the sentiments of sediments so on But, uh, forget about it And then line up, I'm supposed to be impressed by Alex Bennett and Lynn Samuels Seizes, don't we have enough old Jews on the air already? Can there really be too many? And now that's true I think once we reach our quota Not turned man That'll be enough Thousands and 69 votes we're gonna do 1100 during the show And Josh is just spinning cartwheels in the studio there Don't fall down now like your predecessor Don't worry It's not going to be too bad, I can't fill down and couldn't get up Anyway, here's, uh, oh, this is something And upcoming Vatican document on Gaze and the priest It says, man who demonstrate homosexual tendencies cannot become priests Unless they can show they've them chasedly for three years At least three years in saying newspaper says today And it like that Unless they can show they've been, they've chased all her boys last three years Man who publicly show their homosexuality and those who are revealing a traction The Gaze lifestyle should be refused, admission of the clergy The Courier de Nalastana Daily said today Courier de Nalastana Evening courier Evening news The report by the newspaper see Vatican correspondent Luigi Acatoli Signed sources have spoken about the document from the Vatican's Convigation for Catholic education The Italian weekly panorama said in today's editions That Pope Benedict the Nazi approved the document during the summer of course A Vatican official of the time to come out of reports They say, morning that the document will be published very soon Several Vatican documents and letters over the years Have said Gaze or men with homosexual tendencies Should not be ordained, we grab us a little bit They can re-instell it The key one is a February 2nd 61 document Instruction on the careful selection and training candidates for the states of Perfection sacred orders All my God, which made clear homosexuals should be barred from the priesthood Why did you say, I have a forget about homosexual, why did you say, you are pedophiles That would cover a hell of a lot more territory Well, they don't believe there's a difference Advancement to religious fathers or nation should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies To her homosexuality or pedistry Since for them they come in life and they priest honestly would constitute serious dangers Well, they sure did a good job for that, didn't they? Oh yeah A study committed by US bishop's after the scandal broke by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice The most abuse, for instance, 1950, were adolescent boys That's abuse from the church Experts on sex offenders said homosexuals are no more likely than homosexuals To molest young people, but that didn't stifle questions about homosexuals Seminarians That's the seminal Question of the day, and Rome, with your BDI Nazi Pope Oh, it's big of a, all that gate stuff And obviously the audience says money here, but I'm here A vision of an Islamic society that bans mixed dancing And certainly this is Rosa homosexuality has been given by Machmoud Sahar The most senior leader of Hamas in Gaza After controversies when a Hamas led council health and advanced festival And Islamist gunman stopped Iraq ban performing in Gaza Doctors are hard defended the enforcement of a strict interpretation of Islam A man holds a woman by the hand in dances with her and front of everyone Does that serve the national interest doctors to har said on the Arabic website Eloth If so why have the phenomena of corruption prostitution become pervasive in recent years? Thank God there was no prostitution back in Merumaglands days, you know? Right. Because of successed by Hamas, immunisable polls and slightly strong showing a January's parliamentary elections Secondary Palestinians fear that will try to impose its ultra conservative vision on them It's Gaza Heartland has no cinemas or bars If the West Bank has a blurry and Romal arrest on serve FRIENDS Why? Try the wine Doctors are hard condemned homosexual marriage saying Are these the laws to which the Palestinian street is waiting For us to give right to homosexuals and lesbians Imminore of Proverts and the mentally and morally sick He denied that Hamas wanted a puritanical regime and said It's political and social instruction included women It's the fun as long as they stay in their place This is real right by an invertible This is 5168 Act in the curse It's all the babies for all your sweet kids Has problems as they tend to see It's all the more than they do That you got out of your way That you got all of your way That you got all of your way Don't stop because God has problems That you got to see That you got to see There will be no man's innocent I've already been like what we've done as wrong I think if I get to that we may understand I think there's any time we can't work Unless you will, if you take that chance I wouldn't try it, I think I'll pass Don't stand Don't stand No Don't do the mashed potatoes Or what you see too Or if I'm too late, I'll stop you Don't look at me, don't stand Don't stand No, don't laugh at me You will see Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me Don't laugh at me If I'm too late, I'll stop you I'll stop you And I'll stay between you Soweter Хаб Jar Who go wild, feed my river Go, farm to town, wild ecology Guess you will find me See this hotel Our Eyes live Let's lay the rules There's no ormo Beautiful��'s right 444 What is it? 1044 Manus is the slow show Teeron, you? All these people are all panicky about oh, it's got SARS and Toronto again. You are going to yeah, right Toronto health officials yesterday said Legionnaires disease is the cause of 60 deaths It had Toronto nursing home and warned that more deaths were possibly before the bacteria was fully contained But only these people in a one nursing home seven out of some for the age had a die and a got it and said When so on 70 residents 13 employees and five visitors to seven. Oh, it's a ineffective and Legioners is a type of pneumonia named after a severe outbreak that killed 29 people at a meeting of the American Legion of Tilted Health Unicin 70 suits the bacteria specifically found in the environment usually in the water this disease cannot be transferred from person to person There is not and there never was a threat to the general population of Toronto a disease is environmental It is not contagious and can't be passed from person to person and is not set of nursing home and they're not that over there No more yet You got that got it anybody's all panicky. Oh, it's SARS again. Of course being in a state of panic You know there's only one thing you ought to be very concerned about and that safety safety safety safety Just keep that in mind just like those people in all lanes safety safety We saw real good example of it there because Bush has got plenty of his cronies to make sure that he keeps you safe Tom all of that in the Boston Globe rights since we all know from President Bush himself No less that he such a selflessly that he never even peaks at opinion polls Let's take a not a glimpse at the very latest anyway this stuff is from side-be international and it's current on the fighting of her in Iraq Americans who think Bush is doing your good or excellent job are just 36 percent of the sample those who say fair Are poor are now above 60 percent 63 to be exact those numbers don't come close to explaining my Bush has suddenly become vocal Again on security issues the rose garden twice in the Reagan building once having been sets of speeches just in last week The real reason is to be found in numbers on what used to be considered the President strong as suit the so-called war on terror These are the numbers he used to bludgeon John Kerry last year as someone who couldn't be trusted to keep us safe in order to scare the devil Not a just enough voters to win the election from the immediate aftermath of 911 right through the spring and even while the rest of his numbers were beginning to crumble out of the way to benefit to it And worse the terrorism numbers held strong no more no mass they had been eroding for weeks in the abysmal performance A government during Gulf Coast hurricanes exposing a stunning absence of ability cope with catastrophe Probably has celebrated into decline at any rate the latest dogby numbers on the bush and the war on terror in line with all the other data that pollously political landscape Our 49 percent could wrestle and 50 percent fairer poor The problem in prison this face to the rose garden at the Reagan building here yesterday is that there's very little he can do about this mess except talk He has all the money he wants even though it is money the government doesn't technically have he has all the power he wants There's nothing more to get except those elusive results Laming somebody else for his rows isn't much of an option any mole the real problem isn't so much the opinion poses the fact that the clock is ticking and a rack to that awful moment When it becomes clear that the country no longer trespush on the subject or no longer supports an open-ended military involvement or both The president's handlers have gone to great likes to show him where this top military people in recent days, but the photos have not obscured that a stripping fact that he and they are not on the same page Votion is talking is ever about progress They are talking especially on capital hill about the limits of military capability and murderous mess like a rack He's talking about resolve they're talking about politics Iraqi politics The latest major dent in administration's fading credibility is the yucky political situation in Iraq and total contravention of its assurances The constitution writing process has become a mechanism to increase tensions not to resolve them the poet isn't really that the Iraqis And the American help Iraqi pirates missed a deadline to once go for a finished product the poet is that a constitution was written that makes these societies divisions worse And could end up further enabling its SUNY and geodist insurgency the idea that this is a budding democracy for which American should gladly Sacrifice lives and treasure is absurd the best way to understand this is to read the proposed constitution instead of creating your country If fosters five them is behind the figure leave of federalism there's nothing in it that will prevent Kurds in northern part of the country from creating the equivalent of a breakaway state Complete with domination of the less courtesy of Kirkuk and its oil fields There's also nothing in it that will prevent the Iran influence Shiite majority in southern Iraq from achieving its stream of a mini country of nine provinces ruled by the iron fist of Islamic law a free to repress women and minorities presumably the constitution will be rammed down the throats of feminists human rights True believers the silly majority is in central and western Iraq and those two still believe in a democratic secular state It is fascinating however that it took a threat from the UN to label the October 15th vote illegitimate to get the Iraqi authorities to reverse the language Temp to fix to result by changing election rules the East developments along with the continued loss of lives and limbs from the backdrop the Bush's latest rhetoric His laws of credibility and support is more of a beginning to be exacerbated by developments here after a summer of delay A cinematorially built first at last at a schedule of a vote a name proposal from John McAnem on others to impose a few simple rules for the treatment of prisoners in the war in Iraq As well as on terror generally it was opposed by Bush but it passed with 90 votes They're gonna be more developments like that as long as the public's disinchantment with this mess continues to grow It's growing it's getting bigger and of course the other reason that they do this to dog and pony show yesterday Today in New York is while we just on the heels of this classic example in the Gulf of showing how an F. these people are and we got all these hacks and cronies Like brownie brown in there and so now they have to show. Oh, see we're keeping everybody safe after all We need to do it a good job anybody believe us come on Look at that nobody's done in New York yet and it was that dangerous soda can they have this to make you believe really sad 114 votes You gotta be kidding me man. You gotta be tickling the hairs on my butt That is a shock in it that would be love 2008 presidential hopeful you fear the most we got over 111.04 And we sure could use more right right fan ask governor Jeff Bush one of the real they peanuts See a lot of people don't realize you know they think well. He's just a liar and got a crappy family I've pulled P. Max thing That's something you ought to be real concerned about okay. I'd like to Google it just do a P.N.A.C. Google agreed about it. We'd all go to About him and Bill Crystal and Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz and the scooter liby all of these things I do mean things Jeff Bush five thirty your fat ass governor he's a good one by a gland slide although we do like his family a lot They're amusing how come we we got the gody thing on her come we can't have the Jim bush reality show Okay, yeah bush family. Oh man like the Adam's family Bill first 165 Hillary Clinton 136 they fear Hillary man The ice princess Condolees if if you won and her $7,000 shoes Newt English 49 really Julie Annie 38 John McCain is got about 30 man Well, we now has two puffy cheeks. I'm not too sure about him John Kerry 23 Rick Santorum 20. The very is a real I mean you talk about way way He must have brought a Sam Brown back out of a low Rick Santorum from Pennsylvania He not see of the worst kind not this is any of the good, but I mean the worst and Sam Brown back is right on his ass Would they teen probably not the first time either? Joe find work in Al Gore or Ty at 13 and please now that is real interesting Okay, you want to know what they haven't common? What both losers? Joe Biden nine Barack Obama nine out of 1104. We like Barack Obama a lot a lot Am I right or what yeah? I like a lot Sarah's a guy now of course. They'll eventually get to him And they're like you know like they do to everybody We're later soon or later But in the meantime he stands as the great dark hope for another wise desperate situation Yeah, we gotta show everybody that we're keeping him safe and we're on top of this situation in New York even though the you know the penting on Says I'm not really going on, but nevertheless so let them see and then they can always say well We told you that was not a big deal. I'd always there would no credibility on it And it was Bloomberg and all those nuts. I'm up there. They got everybody whipped up but nevertheless In fact, that's what he did before this morning when he was there with at home. Gary and Goulash guy Like well, we just pass it along to local governments and then they act on their own They make their own evaluation and yeah, you know, and so get everybody whipped up of it in the meantime and had its desired goal as they always do And these people are unbelievable they can always change the subject no matter what it is no matter how many people they've killed No matter how many lies they've told no matter how much credit no matter the deficit no matter what it is no matter if it's $40 a gallon of gas they can always weasel their way out of it Where's that must-where at the weather? Speaking of that. Oh, don't don't don't forget The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him First time a presser nation and they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil So it forget about the end the nook there's no shit that's up Right Oh 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten, let's exploit him and stand. And either go ill to be caught and go and have their sit down to play Keto's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in Lodden, but no it seems good sirdals. Come be in conflict, believe in every word of this cartel of administration. Like a trove is my fear through me and my manipulation as a right wing is really good over and over to our heads. And I beg, as a weapon of mass destruction. So lots of civil rights is tough, right that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ass from this day. I have nothing to hide, people talkers all are safe, but I know being in cattle don't have any reservations. We're all the violations, all the reasons must fall, and how the burden is known. With no objection at all, there's a trap going up the hall and the right wing is really good over and over and over to our terrain. I was one of my rackets of weapons of mass destruction. We're going to go to the only rackets of weapons of mass destruction. Oh, double y'all. For a come-pum pro protection spirit, it's all on my knee, while they died in the weezy and up high race pass for the team. Oh, both of us, train us, don't put the blame on me, as they come from my vacation for a photo of a community. Swing your partner round and round, now build a slum through an enormous sound. Swim to the left to the right, here we go. Send a little mod up, those who don't. Oh, cut, train us, widen those people free. With a personal easy end up and it's for their right wing. I'm dying of it. Bye-bye-bye!