So did you see the article about Senator Kennedy going to his office for his arrest as King Kong? No, I did not. Went to arrest as a gorilla. Yeah. And a gorilla suit. And then when his wife asked him why he was late coming home, he said he was on the phone with President Bush and she said, oh, the President called, he said no, but I wasn't really talking to him, but I know he was listening. Okay. I see. Anyway, I'm looking at the schedule today speaking of that promo. Yeah, nobody's here. No, no. No, not today. You and me today. No. And everybody else is away or off. Well, Clara's is there today. Yeah, he showed up. He was real illuminating. I had quite a conversation with him this morning, quite a chat, and I asked me what I learned from him. Nothing. Oh, I kind of liked the numbers of the guys across the street, the big O, nothing. Well, I found out what's going on around here after, after I left the area yesterday. Yes, did I tell you to go talk to Duff? I did. Was that part of the puzzle? Yes. Okay. Well, we want to discuss that on here. No. Now, what's the other part of the puzzle? What else is going on? Oh, I don't know. That was, I thought. That was all you find out? Yeah, I mean, there's more. Well, no. I mean, their mother has to be more than that. Who knows? You see, if your fearless leader is leaving, and a lot of people are lucky, and I've been saying this for weeks now, a lot of people that have been hanging out on those co-tails for years there, they're going to be falling out. They're going to be going out the door, not coming back in. I would guess. Yeah. How will we know he's gone? He hasn't been here very much. Well, he's probably clean things up, you know? Yeah. He's off skiing. What a totally classless act that's done at the Christmas party that everybody keeps telling me about. That's just, it just bond was the mind because it's all ego. It's 200% ego. As opposed to, like saying, hey, thanks to all of you guys for really doing a great job and helping make all our stations such great successes and making us a lot of money. And yeah, yeah, they're a little like being a mench, which of course, would be out of character instead of that. It's like, you know, ego. I did it my way. And of course, if they played, I mean, I'm assuming he didn't like have a portable cassette deck with him or something like that. And I'm assuming that the DJ Lai has had that cute up there and that there was all a plan stun. I mean, if you're just walking around, if you go to a bar or something, you don't like all of a sudden crank up, Frank's an after seeing in my way, just to spontaneous, do you? Not much you're at Anthony's. Yeah. They play a lot of synotry music. Well, okay, let's not go there. Why? It's okay. Oh, I see. I love that place. Yeah, I do too. And I'd like to continue in your own way. Oh. They do a lot of synotry music in there. Yeah, they do. And a lot of Tony Bennett. Right. Okay. And what do they have in common? Wait, whatever they want. I see. I always find it fascinating. I'm assuming they're eating one of their 17 course meals that goes on for hours and hours. There's some of them music that you do here on there. Like that. Nice and multi. Although my favorite still are wedding. Yeah. They went out where we got the, they just brought it up. Once you guys from the city, you can see the extra is in the wedding. Hey, Paulie, more wine. Yeah. Paulie. The message would probably still be what it's today. If it wasn't for that extra extra wine. Yeah. I think that was a, that's a second lesson. Look at us. I see if you can see it. First it. Yes. Sozee. Yeah, you meet Paul's little wine. Yeah. Bob Lee, who works for ESPN. Yeah. Tell me once you can never go wrong, quoting a Godfather. Mm-hmm. It's true. Well, we got the oddfather in our station. Yeah. Do do do do do do do. Oh, that. Yeah. Well, he's not here today. Now he is not there. We got the Curtis and Troy Stratford. Troy is not selling. He's busy playing the radio star today. Yep. So we got four hours and not the second. We got Jesse Agree before the hockey game and then the panther stuff. We're still out of kick the ruins. And then after the hockey game, if that doesn't tune everybody out, Lady Martez again until 2 o'clock in the morning. That is. That's beyond description. And seriously, I keep asking various people what is going on in that place. What's the story here? What's the story? What's the story? What's the story? And nobody knows from nothing. Nobody knows from nothing. All the clearance those of you still got is jaggy. You are out there in a parking lot as of now. And that's it. Yeah. Well, he was away for a few days. I wonder what about the water not see. I think she's still going to be around. He's probably got all the pictures. There is no water not see. Don't ask with my log. Yeah. Yeah. Yesterday we talked about square and might as well give her a couple of shots today. Yeah. Don't ask with my log. I got a great green. Yeah. Look at the beautiful cast of characters. He had surrounded him all these years. That's the thing. It tells you a lot. Look at the people who surround somebody. You know what I'm saying? Look at the clingsons. And then that tells you a lot about that person. Yeah. Pleasant people like screw-way and the water not see. Gary Sarner who's always like on the bubble on the edge of the inner circle. But never could quite penetrate. If you catch my drift. Okay. Okay. And Ray your buddy Ray was in there too for a long time. But the fact that he's out I think exposes everything it needs to be said. Yeah. He was kind of the testio with a group. Right. He's out. Yeah. Well, it was an accident. A lot of people got hurt. Whoever comes to you to set up the meeting. Yeah. He's the traitor. Mm-hmm. Well on that note. Yeah. I'm ready to go. Yeah. I'm ready to go to woodwind right now. I guess I have to wait for hours. I'm having lunch today. Well, any messages for the Panther owner? No. Okay. No. You're having lunch with Alan Cohen? Yeah. Why is that? I don't know. I'll let you know. What do you mean you don't know? They asked you to have lunch with them? Yeah. Well, why is that? Because you're a hockeyman? I mean, that makes no sense to me. No. Of course, you probably know as much about it as Alan Cohen does. I'll see. The message is quit lying about the attendance. Okay. You can't keep counting the empty seats as people. Yeah. I mean, you're starting to come on. It's there for you to see. They're not playing that badly though. No, they're starting to come around a little bit. Yeah. They played a good game against the fires you've in it. Yep. I think the Bruins asked tonight, but nevertheless, well, you have a good day. I don't want to try. I think the Chinese had an old expression, old Chinese saying about the apprentice teacher, Gorners-Telphan. Yeah. And that market. Also, I'm expression that said, talk about the people around the station or you're out of here for a day or two. Oh, yeah. That's my. Well, the one good part about that is that there are no people to talk about because there are no people around the station. So you can talk about anything you want. There's nobody there. Good point. Yeah. We're in a vacuum. We're in the dark. Maybe we can add Johnny dark. Meanwhile, you wound up with some pretty good stuff yesterday on the overrated personalities. Yeah. Thank you very much for that pool. Any time you got a good pool, I'd be always true at our way. Do you want to put good stuff? I did a little one today. Biggest story of the year. And. That's my toll for tomorrow. Oh, my most most significant sports story. But years was local, though. Yeah. Mine isn't mostly local. Yeah. Well, you're in a different. Time zone. Different times on. How do you like to pair a sultan by the way? She'd like ran off. I mean, I, I, I, I voted for her, but. 498 votes. And the next next. Next high is Dr. Friall at 98. She had 498. Yeah. That's the bitch. Why pay her? Hershey could be her new sales manager. At least you might speak to us. You were sure right about him, boy. You sure had him payed right from day one. You can spot him. Stiffy. I'm at it here. A man who operates in a vacuum. Boy, do I pine to those days of screw-in, man? I was. I hope you for. I'm trying to think of sales managers. I've known over the years. Some of the guys from the old station. Yeah. How about Rick Alpo? He wasn't a bad guy. No. Loser, but his wife was real sales. He was the salesperson. He just. He'd be at a lot of stuff going on. Oh. And the sales manager, Murray Levine, what they should did a job on him was if the Paxon people, you won't part of that. I remember him. Poor Murray. He was a good guy. And they just, he had a stroke from them. And he just about died. I think he's in out with us anymore. I'm not sure. He died? I'm not positive. I wonder if Stanley Cohen is still driving that yellow pimple bill. Did he stay at I&Z? I'm going to work on that book. I think I'll coincide the release with my March 1st 30th anniversary in a market. I think I'll write that book. Oh, I have had this stuff. The stories that I could tell is the mind-boggling. I can't get right a book just about this place. Yeah. Just about the last couple of months. I want to read the mocha after. I'll bet you do. Have a great day. Hey, you too. See ya. Gazing you're on QL. I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck? Not the national guard. No national guard. No. And the isolated region of the West comes to heart-warming story. Everyone is talking about what started as a fishing trip. We came something much more. Jake Jiren Hall and Oxtars in. broke back mountain. Yeah, it's all. Oh, the broke back. I can't move. Hello? Hello? Oh. The critics are waving about what they're saying. The critics are waving about broke back and out. It's about a man with a broken back. On a mountain. I think that was a wolf. And that was a grizzly. Oh, my. I'm lost. Now where am I? Oh, that's that. I like a homosexual. Oh, my goodness. You're heart. Yep. Definitely homosexual. Bro, back now. Great. It's for extreme stupidity. I heard it's going to be called Bearback Mountain. As what I'm hearing. 1009 at 5. 60 WQM. It's Wednesday, December 28th. And we're all alone. Now the Tompah is leaving the building. There's nobody. Am I right? Um, no. I think people are starting to show up today. I think they start like wander back in. I mean, John Jers was there. There's a good guy. Quarcees. I'll bring the other side of the building. He's on the FM side. Right. He's a good Nazi. I mean, Austrian guy. Yes. Yes. And they're so afraid. He's in the back of the very empty. He likes those high boots. He likes to stop around a little bit. Good guy, John Jers. Happy New Year, John. And then we have a Curtis. I mean, what's his name? Curtis. Who now is in? We got, uh, Clarence back today. And he was in for a few minutes before the show to, uh, just. Dazzle me with nothing. He did admit that he's rather than a Jaguar. They wanted, uh, square anguished to drive, I guess. Does that the same one? It was handed down to him. It was passed along. He had it to exhumed, though, before he would get into it. Yeah, she had some issues screw in. But nevertheless, I'll still say, man, I would, I would trade for a dime. I'd trade those days when she was back there, mangling and managing. Uh, she kicked some serious aspect there. And she would come and talk to us, no matter how much you ripped her ass on a year, although she did cause the Humphrey to be suspended about 20 or 30 times. But, uh, to her demand. Nevertheless, Alicia had to go home and she had the big pair. I'm like this. I think that's why we go over. We got the Curtis, what's his name again? Raymond Burr. Raymond Burr. That's it. Sounds off of me. Why? Oh, he's ripping me on the air. I don't want him not going to go through. In fact, he ought to be over in the other place with Joel Finder. You ought to be across the street. Oh, well, we're not going to play that game over here. Well, we're out of these guys. Go on. You can rip each other all you want. But don't be ripping a management, okay? Okay, Joel, whatever you say, Mr. Macho guy, you're still got a chair. It inclines his plan Mr. Stupid, which he doesn't have to act too much on that. Like, what other day, what other, how were the trends like he doesn't know him? And he doesn't really know. He just given me like glittering generalities. 1336 votes on a pool so far. Now this is today's pool, right? I can't figure it out. I thought we're still on yesterday. I don't know. I started doing that thing in the, I got myself into a binder where it's like five days ahead with a pool. I don't know. Always looking for a new pool. Who is today's most overrated celebrity? Will he dishon for, I think we'll leave it on period because I, I, I, I, I, I, facts the new one to error for tomorrow. Although there probably are some other things that should be on that. What if I had a 2005 is the most significant to you? Okay. I won't give them that in a bit. Once we, once we take care of our three or four calls, we're not going to get a lot of calls today. Today's most overrated celebrity. Peris Hilton, she wins by a grand slide. She's way out in front, 507 points is percent of all the votes. It's definitely something. Yeah, bitch. Dr. Phil 99, Howard's stern 82. One thing with stern, either like his act or they just don't get it. They don't, they find nothing there. Like me, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't see it. Nothing there for me. Years ago there was. I mean, years ago it was a panic, but yeah, that's my opinion. I mean, I used to listen in high school, but yeah, that's what I used to be a hysterical. But the last few years, I don't see anything there, including beer that we had it on the, it wasn't a year. How many months did we have it on the year? One year. Month. Definitely wasn't a year. Wow. Four or five months. Donald Trump 75. Anything else, Robin? Anything else, Robin? Anything else, Robin? Wow. Seriously, if Hishou was one tenth as good as all the publicity that he generates. And he does generate incredible publicity. If it was one tenth as good, I would get up at five thirty in a morning just to make sure that I was shaved, shower and all the other stuff just so I didn't this a minute, yeah. But it's not there. Donald Trump 75, Oprah 60, Tommy Cruz 39, hey, Tommy. You're fairly. Kevin Peter line 35, Jessica Simpson 35. Maybe the two of them can hook up now, they both are available. J. L. 28, Victoria Gotti, 27. Martha Stewart 24, Sarah Jessica Parker 22, Ashton Kuchikuchi 21, Don I'mus and Ashley Simpson each have 20. Although he sings better than she does. Nancy Grace 19, Katie Kurik 18, Adam Sandberg 16, and Nicole Smith and Bono 14 of piece, same person. The Olson twins 12, Nicole Richie and Ben Affleck 11 of piece, Ryan C. Crescent Melissa Rivers 10 of piece, Carson daily in J. Leno and Jennifer Aniston and Karatop 9 of piece, well for Jennifer how could she be lumped in with those losers? And that's sad. I don't see it on the long on there. She's a good actress, forget about the fact how hot or not she is. She's a good actress, nothing wrong with her. No. Clay Akin 8, that's Clay's Akin 8, Simon Cowell and Bill Mar8, a piece. I remember John Marys to do news at WABC and WK, what was it WKFR and get battlecried Michigan? Great news guy. John Mar. Lindsay Lowhand 7, Barbara Streisand 6, Torrey Spelling 6, Tom Hanks 6, Terra Reed 6, Greg Reed and headmountain. Hillary Duff 5, Metla Blind 4, The Rock 4. Jimmy Kimmel 3, How about that Christian wrestling? Don't we receive it, and believe me about that, and you've got it. But there is a Christian wrestling league. Joe Rivers 3, Tom Bergeron 2, Ray Romano 2, Paul is on one end. The code of finding don't have any because nobody knows who that is. That's what I'm thinking. Did you know who it was? I did, but I don't think I'm going to read it. He's a little girl. Well, don't be put on in a little girls. I'm not. I don't mean you. I mean whoever called it in. Right. Heartless bastard. 1015 a QAM already. How do you like that? Before you notice, it's going to be 155 times for Curtis and the Troy. Wow. That's Curtis. Stevenson, Curtis, Raymond, Verkurdis and Droll. Yeah. Try used to be a sales guy, but now he's going to be on the year guy. As opposed to some other guy who used to be in programming, it's not going to be a well whatever. And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and value is what it's all about. Those are the three ingredients that are important to everybody with a brain. So if you want to best combination, do your shoes shopping at Brande Shoes and Pomp and Obes. They carry a humongous election of all the major shoe brands that you know and love. Not off-brands, and nobody ever heard of, but great names like rockport, floor shime echo, new balance, muffesto, S-A-S and all the others. And Brande's professional shoe fitters will make danger. You got to customize perfect video favorite comfort shoe every time. Ask for Arnie. You'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price too. The pros and Brande's really do understand fit and comfort. They specialize even in wide wits as well for you folks with big wide fat ones. Brande's worth the trip from just about any place in town. So for comfort style, fit value, one selection, always think Brande's shoes. You'll find them at 1290. The work federal highway in Pomp and Obes. Be sure and tell them that Berkeley's since you buy it. They will absolutely fall on a floor and pee in their pants when you tell them that at Brande's. Brande's is open daily till 9. So they still 5. Did I say 1290? Nor federal highway in Pomp and Obes. I think I did. And this week is a great time to buy new balance shoes at Brande's. Take 20% off on all great new balance men's and women's styles and get a free t-shirt too. So be sure to get into Brande's this week or visit them on the web at Brande's shoes. That comes. For this, there's Neil Rogers. This is 5.6. Two, eight, eight. What are you, drugs back in? It's a nice, on 2020 powered. You're going to settle it. Yeah. Uncensored. I hear you're exploring the sexuality of zoo animals. I look forward to exploring that. But you're really taking it a little bit too far. You can choose to look at it that way. I don't. Dude, on your first show, you're going to get times you go with a kangaroo. I will. This is a new frontier. That sounds dangerous. Dangerous man. You can get burned to the wood or kangaroo flu. I'm about being fun. So how does a guy get romantic with a kangaroo anyhow? You got to find out. Yeah. Yes. Okay, just a second. Okay. Oh, no, I'm just, I'm just sending you some stuff for a run tomorrow. All right. Well, I mean, I figure it's a very informal show today. There's nobody around. This is, it's getting like worst every day. It's the 28th. I don't, I don't, I don't understand what's going on. Do you? I guess people are going to come back to work at the new year. I don't want to be here. I, I, I would guess. Some of them. 5.670. What about some of them? We don't know which ones necessarily. In fact, that would be the pull. Well, that's an excellent pull. Who do you think will not be back? Is most likely not to be back in the new year? Good pull. That's a great pull. I think that's the pull for Friday. Who do you think is most likely not to be back? Who will not, we not see no more in the new year? No, well, not. I mean, no, go on until March, I guess. No, no, no, no. Is the room, well, I can't get a straight answer about that or anything else because of these people lie a lot. And of course, you know, they get that right from the top. 5.670. Let's see if we get any calls today or not or whether I should just play the rack. I was going to do that on Monday. And I said, hey, that I'm not in the bag any more. You notice I sound just like many, today is opposed to the last two days. Yeah, there was no groggy this morning. No. I didn't sleep the next year, maybe 20 minutes today. Not the extra hour. I'm not trying to find out. You didn't show up. You're as told after nine o'clock anyway. So I could have slept till whatever. Well, I actually did, but I actually took a little, took a little nap in the car this morning when I got here. You took a nap in the car. I just showed up like 20 miles and all of a. I got here 20 minutes before nine. So I felt like sleeping for 20 minutes. Ha ha ha ha. Great. So you know, so I guess. Wow. I was listening to Hank's colors too. I was taking the same nap as you were. 5.670. 5.680. 5.680. Verizon singular wireless lines. It's going to be grim and slim. You'll see. WKOM. See it is the very first one. That's an oldman right there. The first one is all the first one on the box. Always sets the pace for the rest of the day. WKOM. Hello. You're not there. WKOM. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. What's up. I've been waiting for a while. I've been waiting for a while. Here's your chance. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Here's your chance. Take a couple hours. Take a couple hours. This is pretty important. I just want to know if you heard of a DVD documentary called 911 Conspiracy Theory in plain sight. No. Need on telling you man. Look it up on the internet. It's in plain QLA and he like an airplane. You got to see this. I downloaded it for free on my. Cause I'll light or whatever. Yeah. What's the reality? By a lot of movies. Just spend the 20 bucks and watch it. What is the message? It's based on nothing but video evidence. It kind of takes the whole. The whole Pentagon strike thing that you have in your website. Right. And it shows you that but it goes beyond. It shows footage that was going showed like one time on CNN. But then you never saw it again. Okay. Like the Pentagon being fully intact after the so-called airplane hit. Mm-hmm. It's incredible. I'm telling you just get it. Don't waste time. I tell you'll be talking about it for hours. Okay. In plain site.com. Ah, basically yeah. You'll find it through Google. Okay. All right buddy. I'm Google. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. And don't forget, Deutschland Uber Allis. Okay. See. Five, six. That's what John Zeros said when he came in. Do you have to land Uber Allis? How he said? Yeah. We're going to those Austrians. They were pretty tight with it all. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Neil. Good morning. I'm sorry. Happy New Year to you. I just watched those guys swatted at poor black guy there in New Orleans yesterday. I'm a new one. Who do you mean they slaughtered him? What does that mean? So I think they shot him like six or seven times. Yeah. Just wanted one. They don't like the shoot him in the leg. And they got fall over and then they can deal with him. Well, they give this a song dance about well. When they shoot, they shoot to kill. They had some big song dance like that. Well, brother. They're really like about 15 or 20 of them. And there he was a wave in a gun around. Obviously, somebody in coherent. But that's the way it is, you know. I think that episode was symbolic of everything that happened in New Orleans after a Katrina. Right. Chambers request please. Yes. Oh, I got a buddy out of town. I have to win a jewelry in the basement. You got it. Okay. See you, family. Bye bye. Don't be a standard round wave and no wife of a knife around. How many times have they shown that just in the last hour? About 30 minutes. 30,000 times in the last 24 hours. Because they want insight, you know, all the dark folks and get them all whipped up into a friend's ear. You know, if you're a black person in America, you should understand you're still living in a pre-sival ward times. It's a racist piece of craft country. And black people are still at the bottom of the ladder. And you just better learn that. Anybody really thinks that they gave a flying crap about those black folks in New Orleans. You're dreaming. You're in Lala land, man. And there's still to be nothing there. There's still all these people. I like have no clue what their life is going to be all about. You kind of like here at QAM. WQAM, hello, you're a clueless station for the new Millennium. Hello. Hey, happy New Year. Thank you, sir. Expect this New Year. What? Expect this New Year. You're just going to be big on New Year's. Yeah. Yeah. Can't wait for that. There's a lot of Dick this year. Yes, obviously, he's coming from 560560. 560, he Verizon, Sigular Wireless Line. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I like that you question. What ever happened to Fat Rich? Whatever happened to Fat Rich. Yes. Yeah, I used to sell him golf and take a juice to buy him from me. He's going. He did? Yes. I didn't know that. I mean, he wants to go. Yes. Okay. I just wondered. I just asked a track at our table at the track here. He expired. I'm confident park, which I think is the way he would wanted it. I appreciate it. Thank you. Okay. I can pass along with good news. You 26 past 10 a QAM. This is Neil Ragnar. Yes. He's 5602A. Yes. It's 30 a day. What's that? Well, I ran in Lincoln. Yes, you're creating a drool of him. He wants insurance. And he recalls how if half of him well is still giving me chance. And what a weirdo. Followed my map of Star House and Shanks. And was shot to see him. Sidden on her front porch was Angelina Jones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I walked up like a new girl. And I saw her hesitate. She bought the call of Bonstart at work in Lentford. And it was too late. But her and my car and rolled over with no down. Now she was my queen and two through my maid her crown. For the super crown, and I've got Angelina Jones. Yeah, my big man. I didn't expect to see. And I think I came for there with me. Hello. And charge her red hand. I can't rent. Well, I hold she no mine. I hold the chill finds that she likes the cement. I think I've been stuck. How wonderful life is with Angelina Jones in my basement. I see her here. Watch its a bread egg. Followed my name. But I bet you've given yourself. Help me. To have Angelina Jones be locked down in your basement. I'll be a crash. I'll do it myself. Don't hurt pressure. I'll hurt your dog. I'll hurt your dog. I'll punch the dog in the basket. It puts the nourishing in the basket. Exactly. 27 before 11. All request Wednesday here on QAM. Curtis Stevenson and Trice Grant from 2 till 6 to 7. 4. Solid hours of that. Then we got the Jesse Agner at the BAC. The Bank Atlantic Yetha Rantosetter from 6 to 6 30 to set the stage. So Hake is having lunch with Alan Cohen. The other of the panthers is emikene sense to you. Maybe he's friends with him. I don't think so. I do not believe so. Although Hake is the Hake Maven. There's no question about that. Panthers preview with 637 o'clock the Bruins in town to play the panthers. The Bruins really suck. Should kick their ass big time and follow in the Hake game. Let me martes till 2 o'clock in the morning as we continue laughing our ass all the way to the bank. Atlantic Center. Look at that full man. Is that the 10 year everything you need to know? Yeah, it's pretty bad. Pretty bad. What do you mean pretty bad? It's dead as a door nail. I'm not just having to play the rack, which I was going to do on Monday. And if I was smart I would have done on Monday because I was in the bag from that trip back. And even yesterday was still like 3 quarters of the show in the bag. Kind of like our sales staff in the bag. Speaking of our sales staff, how's that piece of copy coming? Fact boy. Huh? What's a long drive? Maybe he's not here yet. Yeah. Maybe he took an app in the car like you did. WBQAM. Hello. Oh man. Yeah. Yes sir. What's going on? How you doing pali? What? Why aren't the money on it? Two o'clock. He's everybody's done the bus mentality. That's why. Man, I was hoping he quit after I was running. He's not going. He'll be back on Friday man. He'll never go away. No, no, no, no. Let me tell you what he is the most. I'll call him up and tell him. Okay, we're not going to spend all our time. We're wrapping on my good buddy mode today, right? No mole. Tired to hear in your crack. Everyone I said yesterday about these people with their neurotic repetition. That's all I got. It's fashion, bush, fashion, Russian, fashion mode. That's all I got. It's the old monster bag. As long as they're bashing somebody. Exactly. How about it's the holiday's man? This I thought was supposed to be the tab of the year which were a couple of days or a few days. It's a good will on earth and peace to man or peace of us. Right. Maybe in Canada. Little piece of San Diego. Oh yeah. I'm Canada. I thought you would say everybody over here. All these gangster rappers with their guns man. I'm going to tell you rap. This gangster rap. I'm not one of those funny buddies that things that they all well. Music is like a Marilyn Manson all that crap. But when it comes to this gangster rap crap, that's not music. And a whole culture of it. In fact, there's shooting each other. Which kind of sets the tone for it. But nevertheless. So I did see a little bit of that attribute to Rick Nelson last. Not on the lyric king, which I'm sure you missed it. I'm sure I did. Since you don't know who Rick Nelson was, it's probably just as well. You missed it all. Come on. I heard that song from Go to a website yesterday. And I noticed that is the twin kids there. A gunner and Matthew. They shaved their cut their hairway down. They said a long, girly hair. That one he used to look good several years. I had them on my show one time and I would be on the phone. They had a good sense of humor. But anyway, that's when they were big Nelson. They had one big hit, something that's something doing it in the rain or whatever it was. And they were on their last night. And as other son, what else is other kids name? Well he's really interesting. I don't know what his name is. And the daughter, what else your name? Something Nelson. No, no, she's hot. What's she's an actress? I can't think of what her name is. She would did most of the talking. And David Nelson, the brother was on there. David was to just turn 110. And his face is all full of a part like in chunks. And he was very sad. Very sad. I think once there should be a law. There once the celebrity gets to be over 100 years old. We don't have to see them anymore. They should not be allowed on TV. Yeah, the shit. Now, basically, he said, it's like if they drag out dick Clark from New Year's Eve again this year, which I, they keep threatening they're going to do it. They're going to be, you know, because they got a call before said we're going to see dick under your Z, right? Yeah, he did. I don't know if that's what he was talking about. No. Like I said, moving along for you, just your brutal. See, there are times just to respond and time just to sit there and dummy up. But at any rate, he's, he's in bad shape to Clark. In fact, they're just bringing him out in a box. I have a good line, but I'm sure that Joyce wouldn't approve. QAN, hello. I've never got shot. I can use intellectual. WQAN, hello. Pretty good, pal. A question for you. What's up, what's up, a brilliant? A box is like the box of roads. Bear. It's a little bear. It's a little bear. Don't you know, see, have you seen the logo for the bronze? Yeah. It's a little bear. Oh, can't ever examine it. That's both. Well, I think I'll take a look at it. It's like a bear. Black dough. A baby's bottom. I'll capture your familiar with that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and a Verizon, singular, wireless line. What is a brewing? What is a panther? What we know about a panther is there. And endangered species. And more or less than one. So when you go to a large wood allen colon, hopper, be sure and tell him, you know, better. Better stuff, really, selling some tickets is supposed to make it up to the attendance numbers. Better start selling some real tickets in there. Otherwise, bye-bye. W-Q-A-M, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, uh, Josh, kiss and die, I guess he's not gonna. I'm glad. Now, with that Josh, I should, you're all Josh, your court. We'll find out in his next call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and a herde was a gas. 5, 6, 10, and pound, 5, 6, into Verizon, singular, wireless line. All the calls all the time. They've been great the first two days of the week. You gotta admit that. Yeah, they work out the first day. No, I think yesterday we're okay too, and in a more bizarre way, but nevertheless, they were just fine. Okay. We're not going for quality, this week we're going for quantity. It's the week, uh, point. Let's just hope that what's we get past the new year. Which I'll see, George is gonna be on Friday and Monday. So, Tuesday is what the turd, January turd, correct. So starting January turd, let's hope that there's a few people back in a building. Maybe by then we'll actually have some new copy from Fat Boy, or any of our sales holes where busy, uh, plan hookier, whatever they're doing. I just don't understand it, it's like they take a whole chunk of time and just write off that period of time, you know? Which I don't understand that. And then so you start the new year and we have nothing on the log and we're like playing catch-up all year. Playing catch-up. Maybe Raymond Burr, or sales manager back there, let's catch-up on his fries as opposed to Mayo. Maybe let's catch-up on his back door and what it is. But he sure got a long way to catch-up. You're not doing it in turd, let me tell you that right now, baby. You're weak, really weak. We want screwing back now. WDQAM Hello. No, what's the Nicarbacher? WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I totally agree with you on the whole celebrity, but I think it should be sooner, like, you know, Marilyn Monroe. He might as well what she would look like today if she's still alive. No, God. It's good to remember her the way she was alive. He might as well see what she looks like now. And like it was a bit tailored, like, you know, in Marlon Brand, or some of them they just They should have died a lot, younger. I think that's why. We'll just stay out of our face anyway. Exactly. Hey, I love you Neil. See ya. I'm a great day. You too. Twenty-two-leven. See that was out order that called her. I mean, she was very nice, but we're not supposed to have that. We're supposed to have hostility in the hate codes that soft floor to baby. It's the holidays. Like that. That's how you're supposed to do it. And what's the maple leaf, by the way, huh? What's that? Set syrup, right? What's up, piston? I see that he tried piston used to be the foreway in piston's honors. I've actually didn't know that. I did not. Well, that was where they played in foreway in the foreway in piston's honors. And he tried pistons. People think that's because of the tried his motor city, you know, in cars and pistons and stuff like that. But if that's the case, how come they were the foreway in piston comets? Uh-huh. Or zalmers. What do we know they were? I've actually the hover remembers that the foreway in piston's honors. You probably also remember his red hour block and less whatever his name was. The coach of the Rochester Royals. Well, let's talk to all the old folks. They like that guy who's in level of health, Frank, and the guy's 110 years old. That calls everybody. Al Franken is on it. And you don't forget Al Franken's on it. No one maybe would. What's your name? What are we having? We're in the lamp. That's where my amper. And he's there and a lecture. Uh-huh. I hear our laugh riot. 1042, if 560 WQA am just killing some time in holidays. If I had a note it was going to be like this, just a skeleton crew that everybody was screwing off. I did this to say, I'll take five weeks. You know, let me know when you're ready to go back and do a little business. I'd said he was ready to do business. My good friends and drive concepts. I've used to know I homes for over 20 years. They're the best in the world. There is nobody else to do a job for you like them. And no scams, no games. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing business. And with the holidays here it's time to make the call to have your entire home sanitized and not just your carpets either. Because your concepts also specialize in a post-recleaning. Weather cleaning, drape cleaning, or annual rug cleaning, water damage restoration. Pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, get rid of those nasty little dustmights and lots more. And during this month during December, Greg Concepts has a special offer that will keep you sleeping like a baby because no matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to get rid of those dustmights. And did you also know that dustmights are the number one cause of allergies in your homes. So do yourself and your whole family of big favour. Here are those dustmights today by calling dry concepts. Whether it's your carpeting, a post-releather furniture drapey or annual rug to this month special dustmight cleaning. The only company one to business with is dry concepts because they're the best in the universe. In datebrow it into Palm Beach's column toll free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log under their website, www.rockconcepts.com. Be sure to tell them that Troy Stratford told you to call dry concepts. This is a meal rutter. This is 5-16-16-15. Okay, I see that's also the same thing in the beginning of that cane's promo. Yes it is. On acceptable parents, you any of you quiz like parents. You fair only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Do you love the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard? Yet live in constant fear of eating in blue? Well now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath. Oh hey look honey, it's a brown headed cow bird. It's beautiful and no longer contagious. The electric bird bath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu eradicating power. Look honey, it's a white-dressed nut. Correction here is a smoldering black-pressed nut hat. And if you ordered the electric bird that now, will include a free box of polywanna, like floating cracker. Polywanna, please. The electric bird bath. Because dying of avian flu is for the birds. 1047 it's for the birds all right. Just like those rejoins and that's why the other day. I like that caught short on that because it's just like what you play there. That's right. But hey, but hey is right. But hey. One man shot to death another wounded his gunman opens fire mining house this morning. Not to be obtained by those goofballs in Toronto. One man was killed another wounded early this morning when a gunman opened fire on a house in Miami. I mean police said a man wearing all black luck into the geated front yard of the house of the Thousand Sunny Brook Road between five and five thirty this morning. Then fire numerous shots inside when the an assault weapon. The bullets shipped to concrete portions and went through the windows. My police said in a statement. A man in his toys was fatally wounded while lying in bed. Another older man was struck in the leg while sitting on a sofa. A woman inside the house was not harmed. The identities of the victims are being well-held by the police. Two vehicles, one black and the other white were seen leaving south on 10th Avenue after the shooting. At this time, the tech has ended to turn a nuclear motor for the shooting. Just another day in paradise, baby. People crazy people with guns. Are you gun lovers out there and make me one of vomit. That's one thing about all my trips to Amsterdam anywhere in northwestern Europe. Once, once in Rome, one time, there was a sunk punk. They were having like some demonstration. There's always having these big demonstrations anti this, anti that. And the sunk punk fired a gunshot off into the air. Where he got the gun. I have no idea. But anyway, he had a gun. He was evidently not that far from where I was having lunch. And come outside and all the crowds are gathered around in man. The Karabaniedi and the police, the other way there were enough police came out of the woodwork. And dragged this guy off into like some underground tunnel or somewhere in probably beat the crap out of him. But I won't see him no more. And that was just a gunshot fired in the air. Not anybody. I mean it was an accident, but nobody got hurt. I want to say. Yeah. But all the other places I've been, I never even heard about anybody getting a shot of people like run around loose with guns in the streets. I could just imagine right now that raster crowd in Amsterdam if they had guns. All mine. Not good news, mine. But they don't. All you people would have gun sickness of yours. It's just, it's pathetic. But I'm not going to change anything. That's why these people call in all breathless about, Oh, just website and website. I mean, I understand a guy means well, that in plain sight thing in 9.11. And so then what? So then we find out that we've been lied to and condoned in the government a bunch of crooks. And people are dying who shouldn't be dying. And then what? Then what am I going to do about it? I'm a little horseball station where we got nobody in the building. Yeah, what are like great signal. Oh, but Greg is working feverishly to syndicate the neurology. Oh, right. Please crack your please. The stories that these people tell the games that they play. Man. See, because this station isn't about ankle, burgundy or rosers or mad dog or a mole or any of the people on here. This station's been all about Greg long before I came to it and long after he's going to be gone evidently. But it's all about Greg. That's why we had that my way crap at the Christmas party. But today I didn't show up for that one in surprise him. I would have started screaming in the out. I would have said, and I'm curious. So what what happened? They play the whole, what was he doing while they played the song? He just went back to his seat. Yeah. We were in the bar area. It was our cocktail hour, if you will. Yeah. And he went up and that's all he said. He said, you know, everyone's expecting me to make the announcement. But the pop-up. And then he, you know, the music came on and he went right back and said at the bar. Mm-hmm. That was it. Classic. Really classic. And when we were people seeing him, what was going on at this point? Were people like, oh, what was that? Um, I don't know. I didn't hear anything. But even if you hear anything? No, nobody really said anything about it. It was just, just had to. Well, maybe nobody cared. Or maybe it was like kind of anti-climactic. Maybe all those rumors that were going on weeks ago about him getting enough toss off the door. Maybe everybody heard those so often now that, you know. Oh, yeah. Well, we know. Bye-bye. Maybe that was the attitude. I don't know. A naked man in Lake County, Florida, claiming to be Satan, was arrested after he threatened the killer sheriff's deputy and then entered the man in the neighborhood street, according to a police report. A lot of crazy people running around there. It's another reason not to have all these damn guns. Two of them. Two many crazy people get their hands on guns. Two many people would no respect for a life. Like these punks that were shooting people downtown here, they have been, I've had it. It's unbelievable. And this is supposed to be such a civilized place and so polite and so whatever. Yeah, right. Office was responded to complaints of a naked man screaming in the streets Monday in the area of Wall Street and Grant Avenue and used this Florida. You don't want to go to use this Florida. I'll see that right now. For the whole of the house. Who the hell knows? Well, late county. So that's what tell y'all you need to know. Yeah. Yahooville. In fact, if you didn't know, did you see this guy Roy Lee Henson? Yeah, pretty, he looks like a little man. He's a scary kind of guy. He looks a little like what's his name in the cook who's nest. Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy. When deputies arrived, they found Roy Lee Henson walking with his box of shorts around his ankles and screaming wildly according to the report. Henson and lungs to the sheriff's deputy. Back up off to his ride until Kenson took Kenson to custody of the man screamed he was satin. The sheriff's deputy suffered minor injuries when he was kicked during the struggle with Henson. Henson's been booked into Lake County jail on $10,000 bond. He faces charges of aggravated assault on the officer resisting arrest with violence, exposure of sexual organs and disorderly conduct. This is going to channel six news in Orlando, I guess. There you go. It's another day in paradise like I said. Because it's the American FNW. 560, let's get a thousand calls on today. That's going to be our goal. Forget about the poll. The poll. Parents helped us got the poll one. Okay. Yes, she does. We'll move into this other one a little bit later on. I don't want to get too big of a head start on it because then they'll start calling with the suggestions. I don't want to pull. I'm so sick. If I ever hear that again, I got one for the poll. I can't stand it. I can't take it. I can't handle it. No, no, no, no. Then we go through that all day yesterday. I mean, I appreciate the hopper. Give me that poll. I knew we got a lot of votes and it was a win over big like Calvian, as you wish, that was okay. But God, Almighty. I want to come up with something different. Okay. Once in your life anything like what's a nickerbocker? At least at the hour, what's a royal? The Rochester Royals, what's a royal? What's the Syracuse Nets? What's a Nat? Give her step on a Nat? All the time. Think about it. W2AM, hello. WAM. WAM. And the Elberg. Speaking. Hey, all right. Okay. Houston is about 50 miles west of South Daytona. Yep. Okay. And in closing? Yes. I got one for the ball. WQAM, hello. George, oh my bad, weed. WQAM, hello. They got my check, I have no match. WQAM, hello. They're a reason why they had a special bug ricking out and considering you've been dead for 20 years. That was it because 20 years ago, New Year's is when it's plaincrant. Yeah, if you think it was actually smoking it? No. With the Pope. He was smoking it with the Pope. The fact that it matter is that they have a DVD and CD and all the stuff come out. And King kept promoting that. So it's not just that it was 20 years ago that it's plaincrant. New Year's, but it was also, they're peddling something. Everybody's always boiling, which is fine. I'd like to ring Nelson a lot. Believe me, but that's another story. I like his music too. And his youngest son there, whatever his name is, boy. I'd sure like to spend a little time rehashing the old history with him. Whatever his name is. And we know that he even called him with the name of his daughter. She's a very well-known actress. What the hell is her name? Oh, Christ. You'd be the last person in our Tory, Tory, Oh, Tracy, Tracy. Got it? Okay. Well, are you Googling it? I am. Tracy, what does her name? It's not Tracy, Nelson. Is it? No. And anywhere, somebody will know. She's fine looking on the way. She's a good actress, and she was a very articulate, and she was the best one on the show. Except, of course, the young son who didn't say to much, but he looked pretty good. Oh, that actually is Tracy, Nelson. Yeah. Now, do you know who she is? Um, doubt it? Well, look up her work there. Maybe you might recognize something. She's an actress. She's been around. She's well known. She's been on some stuff. In fact, a lot of people at QA were on some stuff too. We can't say what. 1056, if you am Curtis and Troy at To This Afternoon, and then we got the Panther stuff, and Lenny Martez and Tenetite spread the word around Tom, baby, Lenny Martez Show. This is New Russia. Oh, my God. This is 516. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abit by a fine-line home meat cleaver. This is your brain in a plender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Um, brains. Real food for real people. Absolutely. Hey. Hey. I'm going to the hospital. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hey, I always dreamed. Hey, I won't do it. Hey, I'm gonna do it. Hey! Hey, I'm gonna do it. It's time for trick… Gets something up… Champagne! I'm going to die, I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Exactly. No mode today. We got the curse and try and I'm sure you'll enjoy that tremendous. Who is today's most overrated celebrities are full question at the moment? 1437 vote. What's somebody please vote for the codependent? I have no idea who she is. What is she like five years old? She's probably 10. Yeah, 12. Somebody vote for her. She'll feel left out. And that would be bad. Especially in the holidays. Paris, Hilton, 544. 38% of the all-of-oats, Paris, Hilton, Nasty, Needle, Nose, Bitch, No Town, Lots of Cash, and a pain in the ash. Dr. Phil, 106. Howard, 1091. How do you like that? Tick it on for how he? Nice haircut, by the way. Diamond from 77, Oprah 63. Tommy, cruise 39. Tommy. You're fairie. Did you ever see that self-park episode by the way? No. Never. Okay. Never got to see that. No. Couldn't coordinate the right day with the right, whatever. It'll be back. Jessica Simpson 39. Kevin Feederline 35. J. Lowe's got 31. Victoria, got 27. My God. Did I ever tell you that I had a risk of a guess I'm I show on the phone one time many years ago when she wrote a book about daddy and I own a whole deal. Really? Yeah. Back at I&Z about 100 years ago. I'm sorry. That's why I understand because that was a long time ago. She's got to be an old bag. Well, she is. Yeah. I mean, she's got to be like 50, something. But anyway, it's a lot of makeup. Martha Stewart 25. Nice job on the apprentice by the way Martha. You're fired. Did it? How long did I last about two minutes? Of course, that was the case of the Apocomicettle Black, you know, Donald Trump. Victoria, got a word. We're going to leave off Martha Stewart 25. Ashton Kuchi Kuchi 23. Sarah Jessica Parker, her 23. Ashley Simpson 22. Don, I'm a St. Nancy Grace 21 of Peace. Shut my mouth. And I'm Sandra and the Katie correct 19 each. Donna was 16. He's going to save the world. We are the world. We're seeing it. F� Our staff. Because we've got to sell a lot of records. OK, but it's a crap. And in the Colsal Smith 14 the Olston wins 13. I mean, when you can't even make any good music. When you're singing sucks. And all of a sudden you're like using your pseudo somebody status. It is like, you know, an influencing in the world. Right. And around threatening Paul Martin, our Prime Minister, hererolle everybody? Well, you gotta do more for this. cost. Go feed the Africans, we'll hang it out of our face, Bano, and your music sucks by the way. And on a course of mid-14, the Olson Twins 13 Ryan Secret, the Melissa River is 12. Hey Ryan, by the way. You're fairie. Uh, Carson daily 11. He makes meat cock on man. He just makes me sick. You're a cool wretch. You're 11. Ben, you're fairie. Although now he's married in some other chicken about five minutes he had a baby. You know, that's the new deal. All these Hollywood fangs to get the head of these fake marriages and have a new deal is like a Katie Holmes didn't she also pregnant by something or somebody? Yeah, not Tommy, but she's pregnant by something. Just like Michael Jackson's 15 wives. Jennifer Aniston's got 10. We want to apologize because I like her a lot and she's fine or that a damn thing wrong with her, but you know, put any name on here right away. They just want to hop on him. And in her case, Jay Leno, Karratop, Tori Sculling, Nine of Peace, Clay's, Akin Anus has got a Simon Powell, a Bill Mars, got a little twerp. You know, sent him to Belgium like Antwerp. Lindsey, low hand, seven, Tom Hanks has got seven. Barbara, Stry, San, Six, Hillary, Duff, Six. Oh, speaking of Duff, well, we can't tell you until next week about that. I don't know why. What's the big secret? Can we tell you about that? He's not leaving us by the way. I'll get panicky. Duff will still be around, but I just can't tell you. Tara Reed, Six, Madeline for the rock for he's going to be one of those great Christian wrestlers for God. He's wrestling with his conscience. Jimmy Kimmel, three, I still think he's one of those telepangelists. Joe River's three, Tom Bergeron, two, a silly, he just a silly, yes. Yes, Ray Ramano, two, Dakota Fanning, two. Our Dakota's got two now. And it follows on and slipped in the last place and deservedly so with one, Solomon, the Uno. Out of 141, 148. That's great. Here's the fact that it's not so great from cliff. You know, cliff you're a pain in the ass, baby. Says on the one that always facts you to see city of God. I'd rather see city of Bill God. It's my idea of a good time. Would you please get past the fact it's dark people and watch it really, really good movie. Look, I watched about 20 minutes of that thing and it just wasn't going anywhere. By the way, there are a couple white people of you. And why didn't get that far? There was no white people within 100. It would be like watching a Spike Lee movie. I'm not going to be one of those great liberal people. I'm watching Spike Lee because I'm not into black culture. I don't care about black culture or purple culture. I just care about human culture, okay? God, almighty. Why should I watch that? It could be like black folks watching the godfather. Anyway, cliffs is I watched recommend for dream because of you and I liked it. Also watch an ignored and hated it. Well, if you hated an ignored it and your taste is in your touchclips, why the hell should I watch this? But I watched it. He said in other words, like I owe him something. Yeah, you owe it to Cliff. So you owe me one. He says, yeah. In other words, I'm going to waste a couple hours of my life watching a movie just because some listen about their facts as I owe you one because he watched movies two great movies by the way, recommend for dream and Magnolia. Anybody see, he's just sucking up to George because George care has this thing. All the ending wasn't good. We didn't find out what happened. Well, what movie is it that you find out unless somebody dies in the end, then you know what happened to him? Well, how many movies do you see where like it just goes on forever with a whole story of everybody's life? And that's just not the way movies are, you know? It's like a soap opera, just goes on forever. First of all, the movie was three and a half hours to begin with, which is like a lifetime. It was more than long enough and it was great. All the acting even tiny crews now did you see it or not? I haven't can't figure this out. I did not. But why not? I don't know about that. Why do you just don't have the patience you to fall asleep about midway before the frogs start falling out of the sky? I mean, it's somewhat a musical, am I right about that? No, it is about the musical because there's some Amy Mansons in a movie. It's not a musical. I didn't really look like my mom. No, it's not a musical. It's the furthest thing from it. Are you kidding me? It's the story of a whole bunch of people related to each other, at least most of them are. And their trials and prevails and problems and bizarre stuff going on and drug-easing. It's a panic man. All right. I tell you what. I watched that. You watched City a guy. You're not going to watch Magnolia. There's a lot of Magnolia. Oh, watch Magnolia. If you watch City a guy. When you have finished watching Magnolia, then I'll watch City a guy from beginning to end. If that would have taken? Yes. All right. I'll get it done. So if you don't, if you don't like Magnolia, and where are you going to get it? Do you have it? George has got it. I don't have it. Or if he has it, I'll get it from him. Yeah, get it from George. Because God forbid, you should actually go out and spend money to rent it or buy it or steal it or something like that. Right at him. I mean, anybody who doesn't like Magnolia doesn't like movies. I don't care what anybody says. It's just a brilliant movie. I mean Jason Robards and Tommy Cruz and Phil C. Moore Hoffman Schwartz and all of these fantastic people and they're all great. That's three and a half hours. Well, it's three hours and something. Okay. I'm telling you, it's not one of those that drags on and it's not one of those where it is like what you complained about that work and I do understand there are parts of it that they're like pandas. There's nothing pandas in Magnolia. Every scene is captivating the acting aspect, and it's just great. All right, I can do it. And then when you say it's a musical, but I don't know. Where did you get that? I have no idea. I just, you know, oh, I see. Because Amy Mancings and songs. Like this one. It's not like he's singing at Ann Cameron. I'm saying this thing. Like every movie, even the godfather's got its music, and the music is a big part of it. Was you're with that? Of course. Well, there you go. Anyway, get ahold of that and watch it and I don't care what anybody says. If you don't like it, you're mom and that's that's all. But, Cliff says, I owe him one. So, therefore, I must watch City of God. Okay, where do you let me know when you two would Magnolia? All right. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Your buddy, Moe, was in the holiday spirit yesterday. I'd take in shop that you again. Yeah. And he's doing a, like a trivia question. He said, well, since we have nothing to give away the station, why don't we just give away the sale Rogers chef. Yeah. And he's an idiot. Well, I know. So, let me ask you something. Do I already know that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Get some material. Will you please? You like a bunch of little children, man. I'm most said this and this one said that and Tommy said this and Sally did that. Yeah. You're like a bunch of overgrown kids from kindergarten. Okay. Get your pales and shovels and spoons out. Okay. God, almighty. I want my cigarettes, and I scratch it. Too bad he died, by the way. He's a good actor. Oh, there's another guy, the moon face guy from Cookies and his daughter with a weekend. I can't think of what his name was. Oh, by the way, I have no idea who Tracy Nelson is. I looked at her picture and she kind of scares me. She, she what? She kind of scares me. She scares you. It must be a bad picture. She's not bad looking. Yeah. You might want to look again. She was on their last night. I don't need to look again. It must be a bad picture. Okay. She's a fine looking young lady. There's nothing wrong with Tracy Nelson. In fact, that whole family man, I got the, the parents were both good looking and the kids are all good looking too. Although the twins are starting to get really long in the nose and long in the tooth, but nevertheless, probably hear back guys, come up your face. WQAM Hello. Hey, you are racist. Come back. Can you show us? Fuck. Five six seven. Oh, five six. The pound five six. Can they burn in two bad. We haven't heard from a lot more. Those who lios lately with their event of me. I don't know for the holidays. Hope you have a good time sitting around you old. Hanukkah bush. WQAM Hello. QAM. Nail. Yes, sir. I don't judge. Here. The thing with city of God is it's filming and the acting is so right on that after a while you don't even feel like you're watching a movie. You feel like you're actually there. Really. You'll be a situation. I must be missing something because I could just that first 20 minutes is it for me. It's well done. It's well done. I like my heart. I don't like medium well. Medium right. I thought it was incoherent. Oh, great. Racist bastard. Problem. Problem. It's after I told you they're going to be good this week. Did I told you you won't listen to me. Oh, you know what crap man. I can smell it. Hmm, that's coming right from the phone that aromas smells like spam. Where is that sound like computer? I'll tell you one thing with my new computer. I don't even have to Firefox because even with Internet Explorer, I must be the Windows XP. You think that's it? No, just wait. No, I don't get any pop ups. I don't get anything. Well, you have like some pop up blockers doing such a good job. You think that's it? That and maybe you got like an out of where blocker all that stuff. Because it got huh Internet Explorer could work for you if you have all that stuff. Yeah, I do have it. I don't lie. I hate exploring. I do like Firefox. I don't like the fact that it's not compatible with my Alexa toolbar. Yeah, I can say the all those 80 million stories much faster. Now you probably would rather than I go to Firefox and would take that much longer to send them so it wouldn't send to many stories, but you'll notice during these holidays I'm not sending all those million stories because I'm like George. I have a little bit of pity a little rock bonus like the Chinese say. Yes, you do and I'm thinking maybe like for the new year, you know, it's just going to be one big holiday that year 2006. What does that mean? Oh, the whole year? Yeah, like 1015 stories or night. That's from that's funny. Hey, listen, you know, we're not running a newspaper here. I mean, if we had thousands of people reading the stuff out there, we knew that would be one thing, but the most we ever get. I think the most we ever had was like 700 and something on a story that we put on there. And usually it's like 2,300 or 400. You know, which isn't bad, but it's not like there's thousands of people going on there to read our stuff. So we'll do the best we can. The prices right. They'll tell George that. All these pushy people. We have been telling him he's the one that's like getting out of control. And that's just because he's tried to be conscientious. He's trying to do a great job. He really eries those stories he wants to, you know, but his best food for plus he sees everybody else getting blown out. So he figures out. That I'll watch it. 1114, a QAM. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompano Park, racing and poker's your location to celebrate New Year's Eve. How about a four course dinner at the top of the park restaurant, plus champagne and party favors at midnight? Also, there's going to be music advancing all night long even after midnight. Or maybe play poker to the stroke of midnight and celebrate with a free champagne toast. Don't forget Pompano Park also features the world's only midnight mile. The last race starts in 2005, ends in 2006, and if Donald Brainders in the race he'll be ending in 2007. And wait a minute, what's back at Pompano Park is everybody's favorite to say free spaghetti dinner night on Monday, January the second. That's this coming Monday. That is correct. Just purchase a Pompano Park program for Monday, January 2 and get a free spaghetti dinner coupon for Monday night on the fourth floor. Pompano Park features free admission in free general parking every day. Live harness racing in a poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, like today, Friday and Saturday, poker starts at noon in just 45 minutes and live racing gets underway nightly at 725. And every Monday night there's a two for 25 dollar dinner special on the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor and every Wednesday like today is dollar night for breakfast, soda hotdogs and lots more. Pompano Park as always is open every day, 7 days and nights a week for the best and harness Durban Highlight action from all across North American free to watch and funger guts on. Pompano Park a black software line of bullet heart on power line road for the new racing schedule go on the web at pompanopark dot com or call 954 972 2000. No forget the poker room opens at noon today racing tonight live racing 725 in a p.m. This is new Roger. This is 5162 A. Oh, rock. On the next series, Greg. Welcome to the show. Like President Cheney, this is you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these times and we need him for four more years. How did Jordan get re-elected anyhow? Got his job because he's a charming, sexy good looking man as great air. You in Georgia Pudy, how come? The president lives in the America. And the thing about the WMDs. It is a lie. When's the last time GW live? Yes this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man because he's thinner so fast at the very least we have a right to know what he is saying. Nick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you that stage. I admit it that they're chaining and ask. Oh, here's George now. The exchange is in the safe and muslim that is a lot. It's my experience. Spring. 20 past 11 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Wednesday. December 28th. Happy Wednesday. Happy New Year. Happy Chanukah. All of these things. Four of these things. Right. 560, 560, pound 560, and the horizon singular wireless lines. I think I'm wrong, noon. Maybe I'll put that other pull up. There I don't think there's a whole lot to add but we'll see. I always think that and then they come up with all this other credit. There's always something to add. Come any QAM? Hello. I'm Gweneel. Yes I am. Happy Hanukkah. Magtaia. Have Chanukah. I got the scoop on the notes and the jurors still interested. Tracy was an actor. I don't know if she still is. Tracy Nelson. She still is. Okay. The father-daling mystery, I think was the series that she was in. I'm so sorry. The twins you remember Gunnar and Matthew, you had that great record that you used to play all the time. That is correct. And the young. Do you see the show last night? No, I didn't. You know. I don't they shave their hair and they kind of real short. They both got we're likely but anyway. Okay and Sam I think was the young one. But just to story about Tracy which I think I saw on an A&E bio about Ricky. When Ricky and Chris got married, Tracy was already in production so to speak, which was shocking back then. So Azzy and Tom Harmon made arrangements with the hospital to make the announcement that Tracy was born prematurely. And they went to such extremes that they actually had her place in an incubator to show to the world that she was actually premature which she was not. So that's the coupon Tracy. She also had not Hatchen's one song I want to. Actually, she had she told a story about how just before the plane crash or Dan told her that she was dreaming. Right. Yeah. She had these dreams that he kept warning her about she had some disease and whatever. And then she finally went for a checkup and she had Hatchen but that's Algonna. Right. Okay. Good. Because they got it early. She must request from way way back when because I'm a very long time listener. I don't know if you still have this. I think it was called the Glen Hill School of Broadcasting from the Zeta Days. When the bird was reading the news or tempting to. Oh, it's called the bird school of road. Oh, okay. Okay. If you could get out that would be great. Let me see if I have that. Birds go on. That's not in here but I think I have it on a disk. I'll find it for you. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a happy. You too. Bye bye. The bird's school brought on me forget about that. Okay. It's not a disk. It's for the birds. Okay. 560 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless line. I don't think there's anything we have to in the reader. Joyce. Hey Joyce for the new year. We're going to be playing a lot of hard sounds. Come in if you weigh in. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Is this new? Sounds like me. Hey, what's going on buddy? This is a Ulio from higher leon. All right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm actually trying to be a little intelligent here to represent higher leon and intelligent matters. I'm not going to carry the way now. Not for higher leon. Yeah, anyway man. Yeah, I'll try to get out of there soon. Actually. Please. And anyway man, did you see that 20, 20 or did you hear that 20, 20 first conference? Spanish answer. Now, the one about his dead kid now. Oh, he says something about his son wanted to choose God by committing whatever he did. And in the Bible, he's going to say that if you commit suicide, you're going to fall down below. Right. He's trying to contradict the Bible. There. I mean, that's nothing. Don't you think? It's all such a bunch of crap anyway. You know, just why why can't we just accept the fact that when you did you did? You know, I said, but all those other mumbo jumbo. Yeah, because we're like just like animals just evolutionized. You know, you want to make the, you know, you don't like a lot of fly. Maybe you're just like a mosquito. You go. We're like, oh, a net sea of that thing. A lot of fairy tales, a lot of fairy tales. A lot of fairy tales. A lot of us of course they're in Mesquite. Have a now. Yeah, man. You know, we know they've been a hero. He invites up there. Maybe Jesus made an exception for Dante since he said to hi, Prof. You know, he's got the point. He made Jesus as a big value. He is super bullish. You're never know. Hey, man. You should have seen me Halloween two years ago. I just said that this Jesus was great. Those great drinking wine just chilling out. Oh, my goodness. Right. Sandals on man, who had those Birkenstocks. Yeah, I had that. I had the lawyer and everything. If you remember, if you ever get a few cool documentaries called the loose change, I don't know if you seen it or not. No. My friend showed it to me. He downloaded it like on the computer. Shoot it to you. Well, and then documentary, so it's like that. But basically, man, it's a theory where all like they're saying that they planted bombs in the world trade center. It's kind of worth batch, but in a way, like it shows like the plane about to hit. And then you see like about to explode before the actual plane touches and a lot of like, I witnessed a count from firefighters saying they've heard. That's like the thing we got called earlier in Tane site is the website on plain site.com. He said I need to look at that and I got that same kind of footage. Cool man. And then it shows like a diagram of the Pentagon and then it shows like the pizza pieces that we're actually recovered and then never recovered any real like it's real crazy. I really don't recover any of these in any aircraft that is correct. It's like just say you recovered a little bit. Maybe just evaporated or something. Yeah, maybe evaporated. It was not, you know, maybe Jesus came down and helped them all get them a hand. You know, maybe somebody from the bush family, one of the other. And have a great day, pal. You're too buddy. Thank God. Okay, see you. Okay. Happy to see you. Okay. Happy to see you. Happy to see you. I'd be like that. Happy circus reading from Hi, Ali. Yeah, baby. Oh, great. Bye. Bye. Yeah, Ali, mystery all the time. We'll never know the truth about any of these things because the government's lines, governments, kill people and you know, and anybody out there who's not even after believe in their government, you're crazy person. Okay. I mean, after all the stuff that we've seen just in the evening you punks out there in your lifetime, if you believe any of the garbage that they're feeding it, and especially through this media, which they all have in their back pocket, forget about it. Forget about it. You're not going to get any try to have the marine down column by the way. What she's wildly popular with our crowd, I'm sure that you'll be putting this up for tomorrow since I sent it to you this morning. Well, you're all in after the break. Vice acts as that 70 show speaking of, uh, Acton Kuchiku, that is such a bad show. And that little beater cleaner that's on there too. Whatever he says about his name, it's name, uh, best. Yes. Oh, maybe he's working to the phase that was on a run and run show, we can only pray. Anyway, so I got marine down column, so you don't have to like pay the re-lit. See, I'm just, I'm just not the L. I big into it. I have it a paid like read, like, like, have it a paid look and fill Henry's website. It's ridiculous. Are you sure I'm positive? I'll just read the people, but that's worth. Huh? I said, I'll just use other people's password. There you go. That's always a good idea. 26 past 11 a Q and we got no mode today. I'm sure a lot of people already have said about that so they can come on and talk about the snail ride you're throwing all the other are very timely stuff. No. And we have to say ball games 4,000 times. Anyway, 27 past 11. This is pretty old rides are more than that dog. This is 5, 62, 8, 6, 8. What the hell is this thing? I think he really wants to wear it. The patron's trash. That's you. Oh, man. That's a fool. Oh, the boss. Well, you'll be golden-possed. That's it. We'll go down. Oh, my name is Anna. And it's where the end of the dark. I'm going to shoot the town through it. Oh, they're going on. Oh, man. Bang, bang. You're the right villain to. Oh, man. Bang, bang, bang, the fortune's out there. And I'm going to make a fool of the doctor. Come to me. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, the father of the police officer. The police officer always has gone mad. And I don't know how he's on. We're waiting on snakes. We're on the get-in. We can't always take this away. It's hard to find. And I'm going to make a fool of the police. Oh, the one who's going to see great guy, Anna, who's saying, Oh, they're right. We have to find a good man. We're going to find a good man. Oh, wait. Two-cell order. And four-day-view. With your choice of blood, see a point into snow. And you don't have to tell me this will fathom the show. Just like a really never-win-back-and-go. Woo, he's just like a fish in the forest. Who's going to see a fool of the hell you die. Woo, he's just like a fish in the forest. Where do the rips and hatreds thrive? 1132 hell, though you may be happy holidays to all you get to see us out there. All you people living in the stone days. Marine Dowd says, vise acts as that 70 show. He says, we start the new year with a same old fear. Vig Channy. Vise President who believes in unwarrened unlimited snooping is so pathologically secreted that if he used Google Earth's database to see his official residence, the view is scrambled and obscured. You can see satellite photos of the White House depending on on the capital, but not the Lord of the Underworld's Lair. Vise is literally a shadow president. He's obsessive about privacy, but unfortunately, only his own. Google Earth users alerted the time to this latest but a Channy concealment. After a front page story last week about the international fears inspired by Free Google software that features detailed displays of things like government and military sites around the world. For a brief period they reported, photos of the White House and adjacent buildings that the U.S. geological survey provided to Google Earth showed up with certain details obscured. So Google replaced those images with unordered photographs taken by a private company. Even though the story didn't mention the Channy residence, and even though it's near the White House, the Times ran a clarifying correction yesterday that said, the view of the Vice President's residence in Washington remains obscured. Fitting since Vise is heard emerging to a camera of Skura, a dark chamber with a lens that turns things upside down. Guys argue that women tend to stew and hold grudges more, sometimes popping up to blow the whistle on one man's vad behavior years later, like a mislout of the night as Alan Simpson said of Anita Hill. It looked a Channy and Rummy. There's still right-infused power grabs stem from their years coming at the Ford White House, a time when they felt emasculated because they were stripped of forogatives. Rummy, a four-cheapist staff, who became defensa, grittering as protégé Channy, who succeeded in mischief and staff, felt diminished by the forced watergate laws and reforms that reduced executive branches of ability to be secretive and unilateral, tilting power back toward Congress. The 70s were also a heading period for the press, which reached the zenith of its power when it swayed public opinion on Vietnam and exposed watergate. Reporters got greater information to government secrets where they strunger, freedom of information act. Chan Rummy thought the press was running a mock that leech should be plugged and that Congress was stashing power that rightfully belonged to the White House, so these two crusty pals spent 30 years. Stop, PURTING MAN! Remy have inflated the presidential muscularity. Channy, Christen himself, vice president and brought in Rummy for the most ridiculously pumped up presidency ever. All this was fine with W. Who's family motto is, we know best, trust us. The two regions turned back the clock to the Nixon era, bringing back presidential businesses like wire tapping along with presidential power. As attorney general John Ascroft stamped on on the Freedom of Information Act. For two years, the Pentagon has been sitting on a request from the Times Jeff Gurth to cough up a secret 500 page document prepared by Haliburton on what to do with Iraq's oil industry, a plan that was several months before the invasion of Iraq and before it got a no big contract to implement to plan an overbuild the U.S. Very convenient. Defending war at least wire tapping last week, the vice president spoke of his self for the erosion of presidential authority in the wake of Watergate and Vietnam. I do believe that, especially in the day and age we live in the nature of the threats we face, it was true during the Cold War as well. I think as what it is true now, the president of the U.S. needs to have its constitutional powers unimperative you will, in terms of the conduct of national security policy he entoned. Translation, back off Congress and the press. Chex balances war and civil liberties are also 20th century. The students must now regard the light transition tenure of Gerald Ford as the peaky dish of this giraffee transformational presidency. Consider this, when vice president Nelson Rockefeller supported by President Ford, pushed to plan to have the government help develop alternative sources of energy and we need to start dependence on oil and Saudi Arabia, guess who helped Scotch it? Big chanie, then and now the man is a menace. Hey man, nice going. Maria, gov. I see up at you that everybody is sitting on the edge of their seats. I'm hanging on every word. Don't you think? I know I was. Especially since I read it so well at time because I'm not in the bag today. Coming out of my fog out of that coma. All it is a little fog any outside all over the long the toasty side for this time of the area. We just check what the temperature is right now as I speak. It's plus three that's 37 degrees of Fahrenheit. That's not that ain't no bang. Any no thank it all. There's no snow. There's that one flake. What if he flakes running around downtown? Some would guns. But there's not one flake on the ground. And for the December 20th it's pretty good. Yeah. All this crap about these idiots who want a white Christmas. What is that? All about. Can you explain that to me? What is it? It's pretty stupid. Maybe they just like the snow. I'm just one of those people that I never see snow again. It's fine with me. I don't have enough of it as a child. And last a couple of of winners we've had plenty. And a little bit this year. Just enough. I think it's not already. Who is today's most overrated celebrities are pull question they on theorodges.com are very intellectual website. We got 14 every day and nine votes. I think when we get to 15 hundred we swish it over to the one for tomorrow. What do you think? Because they're already got an up there for me. I started Eric. Thanks a lot. Eric and enjoy those sandwiches. What? Sounds pretty good. Yeah. We'll get to 15 hundred. Should be any second. That will make the big swish. Today's most overrated celebrities. So I guess this would be the last time I read this. And then when we get to a little bit of swiched. Paras health in 564 38% all the votes in Paris. Dr. Phil 110. He's the only other one in triple digits. Howard's Square 93. We're going to spend 13 bucks a month here. Howard and Robin and anything else. Rob about him. Oh, yes. The whole staff right. Bob Booley. Bob Booley. Who else. Fred. I don't know who that is. He's. He's. I don't know what he does anymore. You listen more than I did when we had that show on. Well, I mean, I know who's on the show. I've seen the party is the comedian so to speak. I thought he's often already in joke man. That's Jackie. But Jackie the joke man's all. I don't know. Anyway, how are 393? Not one from 78. Oprah 66. Tommy Cruz 41. Tommy. You're fairie. I gotta see that self park. In fact, I gotta leave right now so I can go and find the work I can see it. Kevin feeder line 39. Jessica Simpson 39. J. Lowe 32 man is she bad or what? With a big fat ass. Victoria got a 29 Martha Stewart 26. Ashley Simpson 23. Ashton Kutikuchi 23. Who used to look pretty good not normal. Sarah Jessica Parker 23. Nancy Grace 22. Don I'm a 21. Adam Samber 19. Katie Corridon 19. And in the course of my 16. Bono's got 16. Smart ass. Ryan seek rest 13. Maybe he could be the new Pope Bono. I'm way to think. He looked good with a little red slippers on. The Olson Prince 13 Melissa Rivers 12 Carson daily 11 Nicole Richie 11 Ben Affleck 11 Jennifer Aniston still got 10. Oh boy, that's criminal. Place 8 and 8 is 9. J. Lino 9. Territop 9. Torre spelling 9. Bill Mar9 Simon Cow 8 Tom Hanks 8. Barbara strike stand 7 Liz Yodohan 7 Torre Reed 7 Greg Reed Nun still none. No votes for Greg. Hillary Duff 6. Matt Love Life for that made is whistling in the hallway and I hate when I start doing that. Whistling real loud in the hallway. Your whistling this you honey. We're going to get you deported the rock for how about those Christian verses? How many they got? Ray Romano 13 Jimmy Kimmel 13 Joe Rivers 13 Tom Bergeron 2 Dakota fan 2 and Paul Zanziligal 1. She's a bubblehead out of 14 to 90 votes. Solomon Taylor No for Paula. Well, Paula. Remember those days after your 9 11 you probably don't. What's always that weapons inspector Richard that British guy would have really have affected the raw Richard Oji's I can't think of his name. And then he had her in on every day on CNN. Well, Paula. Well, Paula. I mean he was okay. He was telling the truth but he was just obnoxious and disgusting. We don't like people who tell the truth unless they were setting and like they got some present like Michael Moore. There's a guy we like Michael because he's a big fat guy and he tells it like it is and he's got a sense of humor. Yeah. Yeah. And you anytime like a more people out there you when you've got to catch on a whole rest of the world is on you. I do a little traveling and find out what the world thinks of the Bush Nazi regime man. Okay. You'll run for the hills when you find out. And by the way, don't learn all American New Year when you're here. This is Neil Roger. How's it going? This is 5 16. Yeah. Yeah. That was the rejoin. No rules just right. I guess so. That was the freaking rejoin. That's it. Oh my god. You understand to be stop-o keeps track of everyone. Out of control clearance. Out of control. Out of line. Out of your mind. Parents. You're in your own life. All the hard burn. Don't go so. Every time I see. Don't go so close. One, two, three, four, and a damn wish. Don't go. One, two, three. Here's the peace president's book. Repower it, muscle it. It's more alive. And you want this. Don't go. It's strumming stupidity. I'll be there with you. Don't go. And this run is rich yet. Don't go. Easy then. Lofer than me. That's a good one. Yeah, don't care what it's all. You got him in by her current role. I see him out of similar roles. He has got one that he never should be killed. You got to agree with your hair man. What about what was it like that? 145 thanks to the entire staff. By the way, for the family's job they've done. That's what you should have said. Great. If you had any class, any cohones, any decency. You should have like kissed everybody's ass and said, thank you so much. Whatever. I did it my way. Oh man, all the ego all the time. So you have always said if you're going to have a big fat ego you ought to have like something to back it up with like talent. You know? As opposed to making like wonder after wonder after a steak after a mistake. But nevertheless, we have one vote on the new pool as mine. What? What's wrong with that? Well nobody else knew it was up there. Well what we know full. Now we got some votes. I voted for slots. What event of 2005 was the most significant to you? Here's what I got on here so far. Her cane will always got two votes. Which I can easily understand then. Slots get okay and growled one at my vote. Republican scandal slash indictments one. And then the other choices is the Terry Shivoh. Cube debate. Purple falls down the two thighs. Although it was great the way they hit him on that slab. Shwapin and Marame like a piece of meat. That was pathetic. Here are the elections. I had no sex like. I got laid a lot or her cane Katrina. Those are your choices. Okay. Now in Josh's case, I got laid a lot. Probably will be the choice to you or you're probably right. Right. Well congratulations. Her cane will always got three. We got five votes in there already on the new pool. And of course we're still open to my dishes for it. If there are any major events I left out. I can't think of it. Can you? No but because I mean the tsunami was last December. Yeah 2004. A year ago. Right. Then I put the earthquakes and maybe I left that off. earthquakes and they don't care about that. I'm going to put nobody cares about that. Let's face it. Yeah. Significant to them. I mean if we took that poll here, we'd get a lot of votes because everybody from Pakistan and India is here. How many packies you got in South Florida? Not third man. That's why there are so few camp drivers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 6 and that can't stop thinking about those two gis keys. You were thought I was used at the airport in Skipold the other day. And Amsterdam. Oh brother. That's great. I mean you see them all the time. But it's just I can't deal with it. I'm thinking of myself what do you think when you've got up this morning and put all this cramp on? And there's silly hats. You know? The whole world. That's why I keep telling you folks just relax. Okay, just enjoy your life through the best you can. And don't get all, you know, I'd drive you crazy. You're like Joe Rivers. Like your husband, you'll blow your brains out. And of course, if you were married, you'd probably want to blow your brains out anyway, right? But that was his name Edgar. I don't remember what it was. But you know, who the hell wouldn't getting nagged? Can you imagine the nagging that went on in a household? Oh god. Yeah. Yeah. I say all nagging women. What are you shot in 2006? That's just I'm just guessing. Especially with a new Florida lawn now. The nagging law. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I didn't know I was on the air. That sounds just like you. Hey, you know what? I mean, people never talk about the dividend tax breaks. I don't give into the rich people. Yeah. People don't seem to understand what's going on. You know what? We don't care. 567, 056, yeah. I know that's the middle of the holiday season. He's this guy wants to start an inlet. Call up Al Franken and talk about it. I don't care about the dividend. I mean, all of the tax breaks are given to the rich people. That's what it's all about. They're taken from the port. This is Robin Hood and reversed as much and not see she got in there now. And the public is back like, what the fuck like that? Oh yeah. I think the war is going to be a little better now. And I had no selection. They're right. Right. What are we going to do about it, huh? Sitting here in wine and cry and belly on by the way for Lady the call to was very nice before I'm sorry I can't play the bird school broadcasting because I don't have it. It was not a this from a hundred years ago that I don't have. I'm surprised it's not in here though. Thank you. Very. No, you're not even with that bit. I do have. Maybe I need lunch like a bird. I'll have that. They call him bird. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. Little girl. But wait for me. What a greatan pressure Oh God, Бodies the same We put your s&t into It's called a Care what you call apparant Care well and have a baby no Care well and have a baby no Care well and Have a baby no That's a separate group for our lady's friend back in the ZDZ. Jim Scott or this in the first, then he kind of liked vanished into video heaven or hell. As the case may be. He's still around somewhere, I'm sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 into Verizon, Siggit Awareless Done. Online, Mark, March First on Your Calendar. What day of the year is that going to be? What day of the week? What day of the Century? March First? Yeah, do we have a 2006? No, otherwise, I would tell you. I do the other room though. So during the break I'll go and find out what day. Because it would be really bad if it turned out it was like on a weekend or something like that. Because I'm not coming in on a Saturday to do an anniversary show. I know that breaks your heart, but then you probably aren't either. Although you probably would, if you could put on that time sheet long would, and now you go to the Everyone's panther game tonight put some hours on the time sheet. I probably will be yes No, what do you mean probably will be another would you? I don't understand how this works you go when you feel like it is that to deal You know, it's dry shit. We'll see I go with someone else Yeah, so Yeah, I mean to be honest it's just an hour sting for me so But yeah, I will be going tonight so in other words you just hang out there for now. You put it on your time I'm gonna put two hours Huh? I have there for two hours. No, you just said for now You put in for two hours, but you're only there for now. No, no, no, you're that parents He puts down for two hours on the top and I'm there slowly hanging out for an hour five to seven. Yeah, my ass At any rate so Josh will be there given in and doing what given away tickets just come on by the The little bar there and But I was not an Alan Cohen be sure until Alan the giveaway at least 50,000 tickets for a weekend that way they might get like 10,000 people show them It's hopeless. They're playing pretty good though right now though if we love the panther is yeah, et cetera That guy at least beat Pittsburgh last night had to go over time. I was traumatic but nevertheless Proports ahead of the panthers of that eighth and final playoff spot that would be kind of embarrassing if Leafs They don't make the playoffs and it's like the panthers would pull it together still long way to go And thanks again Jerry Benton for that stupid two week break for the Olympics you idiot you quizling you fairy WQ a.m. Hello I started off WQ a.m. Hello Yes, sir. I think what is historically significant in the past year 2005 years our Lord is so that deal that how it could have with that a satellite outfit that the reason being Is for one thing that he's gonna bankrupt them there's no way there's no way that can pay him a hundred million or You're they're just putting it out there that that's what they're paying them yeah, but Another thing that that kind of lease a rash Creature was on the con condo, Lisa real she was on our TV She must have gotten beaten power Of at least it because she she always looks like she's just gotten beaten and bruised and battered Yeah, I'm telling you yeah Me or people listen have a happy new year fighting the year of our Lord five six seven The stern deal. Oh I don't know because that's not gonna really happen until January of this coming year He signed the deal this last year do we want to put that on there or not Actually, I think he said that he'll last year right 2004 Yeah, because he was still on this station and in fact that's right around the time it went half and right after we We can put him on the year he starts promoting the fact that he's leaving to rest your radio and he's going to like a satellite That's what got infinity all by not a shape and of course we you know our licenses like on hanging by a sausage Speaking of license I was that thing coming clearance see one good thing about clearance he may not know much But at least he's consistent no matter what you ask him he gives you like Same answer kind of like Greg read. Hey Greg what time is it? Yeah, I always the same answer So there's something to be said for consistency How's this thing coming on our new pool that we got up here? And I'm sure we'll have some really heavy I don't think so I don't think a whole lot happened this last year I could be wrong hurricanes and natural disasters global warming induces of course We don't want to say that and political scandal 2005 what was the most significant to you not necessarily the of the year but to you keep it personal 56 as in queue 56 don't you like that? Oh, yeah 56 votes how effort appropriate course. I won't stay that way all we could freeze it hurricane will May 18 Republican scandals at indictments 14. I had no sex life nine hurricane Katrina in the Ian slots get okay in Broward three Solomon T. Trace and I'm sure Dan Atkins was one I was one and Dick Find Brigadier the one I get laid a lot too. I got laid a lot too. I was Josh and somebody else maybe it was whoever maybe as you grew up in Which one? The one I got laid a lot Terry Shibo a tube debate one about the Q I spoke out of a fat ass governor Board you're nice going out president in Congress rushing back to Washington to vote on something so important as Terry enters Yeah, that was we that's really where the real thing is all about The embryo hub is the fetus hub is really just for that extent of not Jesus Hope John Paul the two dies and you recollection so far got the big oh I'll be dying This is This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 M In theaters now from the director of memoirs of vacation Very rich k-suit these artists it's a memoirs of a drunk k-suit a blind ninja and a Lexus and tolerate similar wrestler Then wars of a drunk k-suit a blind ninja and a Lexus and tolerate similar And to be a patient Good one that was just a raspberry by the way Now I'll get all panicky like you yesterday. Oh, I did it again No, that was that was an explosion that wasn't what you thought all right rewind it We You wind it in theaters a manian from the director of no wars of vacation very These artists it's a memoirs of a drunk k-suit a blind ninja and a Lexus and tolerate similar wrestler A piece of Then wars of a drunk k-suit a blind ninja and a Lexus and tolerate similar wrestler and to be a patient That good one see it was just a squished that's all you're right my bad We like if you squeeze this in and it went like that Or like we got that's the where-and-how is it? I'll find it like that Like that fact that's almost exactly what that was you're getting Joyce man forgot that put a thing on it The end of the show yesterday, which I want to make sure the audience understands I had nothing to do with Hey, that was that was a real haul well, well, yes, what that made me better real call or whatever But the fact that it matter was I didn't hear it. I have no I don't even know what it was I mean, I think rubber gripper plate beats me. Yeah rubber grippers the one that put that shrill th on the year and of course that was the mo show We end this post of this clean the family type show that we run Anyway, the fence lawyers in some of the companies biggest terrorism cases say they plan to bring legal challenges to determine whether the national security agency used illegal wiretaps against several dozen muslim men tied to welkada The lawyer said in interviews that they wanted to learn whether the men were monitored by the agency and if so Was it the government with how critical information or misled judges and defense lawyers about how and why the men were single-doubt They expected legal challenges in cases from Florida Ohio or Galan Virginia at another dimension to be growing controversy over the agency's domestic surveillance program And could jeopardize some of the Bush administrations most important courtroom victories in terror cases legal Analysts be saying the question of whether the NSA program was used in criminal prosecutions and whether it was improperly influenced them Racist fascinating and difficult questions said Carl Tobias a lot professor of University of Richmond or study terrorism Presbyterians and so on and Little follow up yesterday story made the news big times Jeff Ryerson you saw it I'm sure I did Four-time majorly baseball all-star Jeff Ryerson headed a jewelry store worker to Palm Beach Gardens mall An oath that said give money in jewelry or risk being shot Police said You ran off with a bag of money Monday morning, but an officer stopped the new to mall police city offered an office in their Affirmation I'm taking medication and I'm sorry for what happened a coinway police report. He's taken medication like rush Hey, Raj can you hear me or what? Readin 50 of Palm Beach Gardens was arrested on an armed robbery charge for allegedly holding up Hamilton jewelers at the Gardens wall on TGA Boulevard The picture once known as the Terminator Who helped the Minnesota twins when the 87-world serious didn't have a gun where was caught with the 170 bus they took from the store the police said His family didn't need the money said his wife of 28 years Phoebe his career earnings are estimated about 11 and a half million dollars are going to Baseball reference calm This wasn't characteristic of him. He's never been arrested or stolen anything as wife said We're pursuing it's the medication he's on it precipitated this how do you like that? It was a psychotic episode she said he's been on anti-depressive medication after his 20-year-old son's 2004 drug overdose death and was taking other medication following a heart and your plastic last week his wife said Phoebe written said her husband folder after the rest he didn't even remember what happened at the mall How do you like that? I say give him a little cut a little slack, right? You only made 11 and a half million Yeah, his old confused kid committed suicide the drug overdose anyway Probably watch that don't river sting on Larry King that suicide show Not to make you blow somebody's brains out Especially QAM so many candidates five six seven oh five 60 Pound five 60 in the Verizon cigarette wireless. I don't think we're gonna get any additions to our poll about the although it made maybe Maybe somebody out there got married during to her got divorced during 2005 maybe that was the most significant event maybe they had a kid or maybe it had like triplets or quadruplets Huh maybe somebody had an abortion that was significant and Of course if so we'll come to your house and throw you away, but nevertheless W. Kuey M. Hello Hey, I'll call me old happy new year back to you. What is going on up in Toronto with this this violence? Yeah, I mean it can't happen to America man. Well, that's the the ice on the internet today that the prime minister is saying that it's because the United States is Lacks gun laws that they're coming over the border line They're nice correct the guns are pouring across the border here. You're correct about that. Well, it's a shame I know how much you left Toronto. I know people have gone up there. It's just yeah, it's a shame Well, he used to be a really civilized place and still the statistics I mean compared to US of the cities. It's still not even in the ballpark. We're still way better than that But nevertheless, it's pretty we've had a rash of this crap and the overwhelming would you there's been 78 people murdered this year in Toronto And 52 would guns right right that's right there's an article in today's Sunset and I see the few things on the web You don't think that the changes subjects are let you go You don't think that Hank's having lunch. They would alcohol and alcohol is going to beg you to beg him to tell you to lay low on the panthers. Do you? No No, all right Zyka's that ever can do here and back to you Right, I don't know what that means. I mean first of all, I never met Alan Cohen in my life Secondly any of these owners know that I'm gonna say whatever that I want and thirdly What Hank knows about hockey or the panthers? You've put an offimble and have room for a gigantic Rubin sandwich left over I just don't I don't understand that But I will find out tomorrow won't we don't let me forget to ask the Humphrey tomorrow about his big ones with Alan Cohen the owner of the panthers Okay, and at least he might find out something as opposed to here a QA Where we can't find out anything and I don't you already just probably say and well, you know, I mean What is it that's going on? I don't know If we have no idea something's going on something something's things real bad Like sport rotten fish in all over the building. That's report. I'm getting even Clares admitted at this morning Paris by the way's gonna be really good in sales. You know When you think if he drives up to your establishment in his Jaguar Flash is $10,000 roll-exoch Tell me about the way yeah, but Josh Curtis is he'll take a roll-ex We got a hundred votes even on the new pool. That's not bad It's been up there about 25 minutes. That's not too bad. That's great But then again, it's 20th of December. What a week's fact right not too much We're getting a phenomenal response on the website even before the show started. I have no one What is that we put on there that got such a response? Maybe these Satan article No, no, I'm not talking about the articles. I'm just talking about in terms of People going to the website. I don't get it Not that I'm complainin by the way Eric loves it. Eric has made at least 30 cent today. Maybe 40 Curried away about 30 cent off the website What have ended 2005 was the most significant to you Republican scandals to slash in Dietmann's 28 Hurricane Willma 26 hurricane Katrina 20 I had no sex life 13. I got laid a lot six Slots of okay and rowered five Terry Shabo and the debate on her cube up here Pope John Paul the tooth dies and a record lesson so far both have the big nothing zero Oh man you can't let you're gonna burn in hell the holy file The holy file was carried around that slab with those little sandals He was wearing and you people have no rough one this man. Let's wrong with you And then they put that new bdi Nazi pope in here. Oh my goodness. He's got even snappy red sandals in the old pope This was a fashion plate How can you say that about the holy file that well, it's not a holy file It's just an old guy in a dress with a silly hat on nice head year by the way I got something how these viships of the cartinals they all get together and they blow a lot of smoke and Like one minute a guy's just he's just a guy in a dress next to him. He's the holy father in the dress Then amazing. Oh, yeah, wow holy father Somebody's like somebody hidden with a magic wand or something We're the ugly stick. WQAM hello Yes, sir first one a thank you I tell you that water one else is out you know town and you're the team captain and you're putting in your hours I want to thank you for that And it's otherwise dreadful time of year. Yeah, this way. So Friday and Monday. You'll see how much I'm on here Well, you deserve it buddy. I do Look at I've never watched the news locally or anything, but they they ever speculate on why Sungees sun committed suicide or what was going on with that? He had issues. He was the press Then that's all I heard I tried to find more about that, but I just they don't really know he had a There's something you know what I was wondering since his daddy had that undefeated team Maybe they'd made a real big bet with somebody that they were gonna go undefeated Yeah, and as soon as the cool gloss Somebody wanted to catch in if you don't know yeah Or the tragedy came because he I'm right here. They're you know really nice people Okay, I'll pass you a sip of these along to the Dungy family. Thank you so much Man that was sweet five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Why do you know one thing about the dead man? I mean, you know I know this flies in the face of what I'm supposed to think and run supposed to save But I don't really care what I'm supposed to think or say because I only think what I want to think and what I say See what I'm saying two to say and Yeah, once you did that's it and just like life is for the living. You know, I mean you can you can ram that same That you don't warn your loved ones and stuff like that, but they you can ring your hands and Wawas me and throw away the rest of your life or you can be like our link letter and go out and fight drugs, you know Guys like ninety hundred ninety nine years old and he still looks the same art link letter Not that you have any idea who that is, but Larry King keeps putting him on because Larry wants somebody who looks older and more decrepit than he is But actually our worst veteran Larry snappy suspenders by the way Larry. Uh-huh You're looking great. Do any Q a M hello Q a M hello. You know yes, sir You know when doing gaps these gonna get back to head coach in the Phoenix wild The Phoenix wild yeah, yeah, I love hockey I love doing gaps with the great guest Yeah, you know Bill Gatsby Yeah, okay, that was probably Alan Cohen calling in the owner of the Panthers Probably sharing some of the knowledge you got from a lunch with Hank today about hockey. That is the most amusing It's almost as amusing is the fight boys gonna bring us some coffee this hour for that spot at the end of the hour which I'm sure he's not Nice job there fat boy. You are doing it Oh, she from the gate cowboy movie featuring To be a cowboy Don't let them wear chats a lipstick and stuff make them play football and history Well we're back here and safe ran again For the women don't outnumber man First I was afraid I was petrified I can't even have boys necessarily is a pony that's back the girl and happy male Steve Understand the Processing I forget the official motto of 2005 in America GG W go ahead and go on wild The video is coming out this month, I believe 141 hosts on our pool what about a 2005 was the most significant to you hurricane will most 44 Republicans scandals and indictments 36 hurricane Katrina 25 I had no sex live 18 I got laid a lot seven slots get okay in Broward six Terry Shabo debate on her tube for Pope John Paul the two dies one. I finally embarrassed somebody to vote in pretty old the geyser and the rack elections none By the way speaking of geyser and a beezer I was watching the panther game the other night and they had a small my god I remember the beat was huh even I remember the beezer I'm trying to think of what he was on there promoting or here representing or what it was Something with the organization and it was the beezer on there. Maybe it was a commercial thing I probably better bite my tongue because we like all the sponsors of everybody You know, yes, we do and I talked to myself lying the world where they have the beezer A racist slime ball like the beezer on there associated with the panther organization again That was bad. It was not was on their telecast It was almost as bad as listening to these pot fans pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop Like that That was kind of amazing what the guy said before about how Alan Cohen is gonna try to get Hank to get me to lay off on the panthers I was like what what if I said about the panthers that isn't true at the beginning They were sticking to join out after the first couple of games and they were playing embarrassingly poorly in the last 8 million in a row And now they've been playing really good well And if one like for rather the last seven and got a regulation tag against the flyers lost in the shoot out And you're starting to move on up a little bit on the east side and on the west side as well So I just tell a like it is and also about those phony attendance numbers. You're not fooling anybody Oh, we had 17,000 and they always say and not an announced crowd of whatever, you know They have to like have a They have to preface it with an ounce crowd is as if to say well They're pretending that we had like six number of people but they were like 5,000 people there, you know In an ounce crowd how about an ounce crowd of like 80,000 you know the place only holds 20,000 but how about we announce 80,000 people with air? That's how great it was you know what I miss a second How many QA in hello? Hello, yes sir. I'm gonna yeah When the one that I'll probably go for a repeat of last because it's gonna affect me personally Hopefully we'll get some real casino gambling at the Indian reservation through that however I didn't notice if you had John Robert getting a point it on the Ophole that's a pretty significant event It is Well, I think for years the town it's going to affect our civil liberties. Yeah, how's it? Okay, I'll almost stick it on there Okay, I didn't get any votes but think okay and hurry of Myers by the way. So thanks a lot to Thanks Okay, let's put that on there John Roberts. I thought he was gonna talk about John Roberts and CBS news with a great here Didn't you you even know who that is? John Roberts yeah Didn't he's the on the Supreme Court now? I'm not talking about that when I'm talking about the one from CBS news anyway moving along I'm sure that Josh watches ABC news all the expert he likes to religious segment at the end especially about the Christian wrestling anyway John Roberts On the how we said pointed to the Supreme Court John Roberts reported a Supreme Court Very sad what's going on in New York American boys and girls while everybody's worried about Walmart You know that's that's a sad part so it's like a It's a side show it's a freak show I mean, not that I like Walmart or anything like that because George has got a huge bug up his ass about Walmart my idea is I know This is an apple concept. I just don't shop there. I just don't go there ever I'm sure he doesn't either well, but I'm just saying that that's the way I deal with my feelings about Walmart But I don't have to go there or shop there or worry about who's getting paid what or whatever again involved You know, I do pass along with good bedtime stories about it because it makes for good comedy Like Santino every played too much comedy would I own a girl? Yeah, what is that? I thought I still had the godfather thing there. Well, I'll just play that a lot of broke back up broke bearback mountain bits, you know They're all over the place that bearback back home mountain Somebody to a in hello Hey, you know, I done pretty good, pal. Hey, did you You said go and go out the guy did you talk about the story a couple weeks ago from the guy from girl gone wild How it is It was on TV he was placed with broken into and he was forced to do something on camera by gunpoint But And that they took the he took the guy to court so the video wasn't released What do you think they could have made him do at gunpoint where he doesn't want the video released? Black them What do you say? I said have an hour happy new year I didn't see that do we have that story? I never seen that little big so now he did something a gunpoint See this guy's trying to give me to say like some sexual thing who the hell know? How do we know what he did for her Call an acclaimed family show like this and start with like some sexual in your window a shame on you Joyce is gonna come and kick your ass man and Probably make you do the same thing that he had to do to her WQA in hello And they all got a significant moment Yes, it happened and said you were in the leave of last year Yeah I thought yeah, I can't believe he was actually seeing something though was fascinating 560 560 Pond 560 for rising in singular. It's just amazing a really scary way to come right down to it Yes, the number of people and such as Tim and his boyfriend under the one or two of me the number of people This show is not a radio show. It's a radio show plus it's a hobby See what I'm saying it's like a religion like stamp knowledge. It's a hobby. It's like stamp collecting coin collecting Golf it's a hobby And so therefore there are these vast numbers of people out there and four hours every single day This is their hobby. This is what they do. I'm not talking about the passive people of listeners who are generally speaking the same ones I'm talking about people just day after day minute after minute hour after hour. I just over and over and over and over It's just shocking shocking This is a sociological experiment this program. This isn't just a radio talk show This is that this is a lesson for you in life and Also of course for I have no line right having no life WQA in hello QA in Yeah, yep I So good my congratulations. I'll pass it along Come any QA in hello. That was mode doing a horse QA in something new yes, sir I purchased a few fires from pain That oh yeah great 567. Oh 561 first of all we don't have any purifier from pain or anything like that. He's talking about the flavor way baby Good. I hope you like it WQA in hello Guess what where is the answer for you Ron? Just prosack Ron checking in Let's make a little faster from Toronto over hopefully you're checking out WQA in hello A meal yes, sir A the you know about James Dungeons brother cock it out Dungeons He was also there with them He was See at that point that's when he's supposed to stop you know But he's just practicing that we know practice makes perfect 567. Oh 560 You ought to go online and just googled Tony Dunchy why and see because I did a little while ago Okay, just to see if there was like any new information about you know why his son come into suicide or died and The venom that's on there and it goes all the way back about the thing with Tourette Owens and the current that's spot with the Promote with Nicolae Sheridan and the comments that Tony Dunchy made then and about we're glad that Little horrible parody must have been it's just unbelievable Because as you well know the internet is a is a breeding ground and it's like a gathering ground for misfits for hate That you think this show is like I mean we're like little lead compared to the internet Yes, that's where they meet angry and he's WQA in hello Do that WQA in hello? Hello, yes, or Neoroders.com any I L ROG ERS any I L ROG ERS dot com What do you look at the list of the radio out there you sure can okay? We're a good thanks paly thank okay, see there's a guy that can't even know who we could die and then we are streaming today Let's hear it Generate staff for staff and whoever about that fix it and whoever back there was fixing the yesterday because we went through the Monday and we weren't streaming it Huh no drop out see no drop out We got the big now Now you're right the big oh on the dropouts In fact, I never are the dropouts matches the ratings of the station across the street 790 So vine like yesterday give us some good inside poop In fact, if we really want to find out what's going on with Greg Reed and QAM and all the other stuff going on Let's call up wine Mike What gun honor I'm great up to sing the five. What if the ceremony's got to go? You know, Neil Tolerary, Richie Tolerary, But it's all in any, any Tolerary mother. Tell her, rather, two-down stops, we talk. I'm gonna tell everything I know. You know like that. Oh no, there was a little bird that cackle or any of that. That was Deon singing to us right in the studio. What I would say, can you believe that? That's fantastic. He's great. Deon is great. He hates us like used to love me in the show, but in fact, did a couple of appearances with me. Is that right? But he hates me now. Why? I don't know if he does anymore, but he's sent a letter when we started playing this bit. He's my story set but true. And I guess, Ernie Maresca, friend of his wrote that, Ernie Maresca also had a one-hit shout-shot knock-your-self-out, which I'm sure you never heard. And he missed nothing. But anyway, and Ernie was offended by the fact that we did this parody on syphilis on the run-around suit. A better girl calls upon a soul. And so Deon requested that I stop playing that, and I said, no. No. And I said, well, we're going to play that. And I said, well, we're going to play that. And so I guess he'd do one hand well. I said, you're going to be on a like it. Why? I don't know where the euro is, I thought it would always be where you To stay away from a surface soon, and to go to the show, see my side Don't say, cover, friend, all mine, you gotta stay till now I've got it to So people wear promises for this to hear, hey, keep on rip on that girl Up, brothers, they're looking down, give away from tune She likes to sleep for a while, yeah, they did it with my bed down We did it without a call, now I'm afraid of falling off, here's the moment So if all the guy who's known, you have a horse where this fun gets old That's getting full of chia, let's do it Keep away from a surface soon, yeah Keep away from that scene, if you got a good sense of humor, even just a minimal sense of humor That's a great bit when you agree, oh yeah, I was just going to say he must have no sense of humor Well, there you go, or maybe Ernie Maresco didn't have, oh no, it's what I don't know, it just seems to me that it's more like a tribute to the original song It makes people say, hey, I remember that run around soon, you know, by deon I'm going to go out and buy it right now, but nevertheless, still like you, Deon even if he had me like poison That's so they're just the way it goes When's the March 1st, is As Wednesday, how do you like that? Nice, for that 30th anniversary show, it's As Wednesday, so I can rub some asses on my back Some asses on my asses, perfect, never you agree? Yeah, so there you go, Wednesday March 1st, Mark it down in your calendar and it would be a really big day Maybe the purple coming blessed, the New Roger show, it would be good I don't know, like that one CD I did that year, the best of CD where they had me dressed up as the Pope on a cover And a couple of people got all bent out of shape, that's just graceful In fact, I think we've got a voice mail on that Let's see I'm calling you, so I didn't realize it's the A&E content most of the day I find it highly self-improvement of the past, like the people could even put that an abitized and in the paper How dare you all be so insulting to us? It's a Christmas season and you represent an ass of Pope, easy with a stupid, it would pay for And it shouldn't have been done, I wonder if this was something to do with his duty And he's duty is of whether we could say well or damn how it's semetic, it'd raise us And so it shouldn't be done, but the Catholics can be kicked around my face Yes, no, Roger is in so, how dare you people do this? You can take down the apologies, the thing is that A&E and the New Testament are all of us How do we let you go? Don't need somebody some child molesters would be good idea 560, talk about a humorless bitch So just recall time, we'll come out with a CD where we got some Getsky some more Orther asked you to be here on there and the tallest in the past and the to fill in the whole thing Whatever we can put up to get new voice mail Exactly, there you go, great new voice mail from offended people Because that's what we're here for basically to offend people, that's right 560, well I can't wait for two days, you know I would say a Monday when I'm not going to be here Monday, George will be here Friday and Monday And a more power to him and he'll be sending you like 10,000 bedtime stories Don't forget to tell him by the way, because I'm not going to be patching you right Well I guess I could, what do you think? What? Should I do the stories on that, because I could be a... Why is that because I send better stories because I don't send as many of them Both, yeah right, get out of here, George is a fine job with those stories How could there be any better stories? He sends you every story to hit the head And every website invented, that's true, so he doesn't miss too much But he sends a lot of blogs and stuff, yeah, which are... Oh, makes it a pain in the ass Yeah, I guess I'll do it, I can handle it I'm trying to think if there's one day in there when I'm out Now I'll always be somewhere working to it for you 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's get all whole bunch of calls in here I feel great today, I'm ready for a big day, I would buy them, I'm going to plunge my guts up Do you go over there and hit the jackpot? Did you see you probably didn't see, because it's a Canadian story Because you know my agrarious today, woman at the megabucks slots She, on the same pool, she won the second-day reject, pot, which is about eight grand Okay, and she won the big jackpot on the same pool of three million and some odd She, in other words, she won three-point two million on megabucks on a dollar machine Was it, and you want to know why? Why? It was a good machine, man Damn, right at the good, but yeah, three-point two million I'd say we're anti-slides, I'd take it home when we... There you go, take that machine home, that's right She could probably buy them a machine for three-point two million That would be kind of fun I'd like to have my own sleeve, and I won three million on a slot I'd do what I had to do to take it home and hang it up somewhere No, what I was going to say is I think, all you have to be like... You have to be a genius to figure out a lot of computerization stuff And you're open up the brain of the thing and it's got all these other computers So even if you had one to deal with at home and the computer is at the machine as well You still wouldn't be able to figure it out No, see, that's what I want, I want the insight and I know it exists But boy, these people lie and they lie and oh, it's all just right and I know it's not No, it is not Sooner or later it's going to play like that song says, sooner or later That thing is going to play, it's going to be a good machine We just have no idea when or why or whatever Don't start with that slot crap, okay, you can all these little old ladies out there Loosen other halvime money if these slots Well, maybe when they come down here, I'll go in my free-million Well, why not? Of course, let me just say this to you, you're going to have a hard time dealing with a few don't play Correct It's kind of like it's like a horse race if you're not in it, it's hard to win it All right, look, here's what I'm going to do, I'll tell you right now That's what we're going to use to say if you ain't in it, you ain't going to win it Even if you are in it, you ain't going to win it, you ain't going to win it Well, I go ahead, I'm sorry When we get real slot machines, I'm going to go spend 40 bucks on slots Wow, 40 bucks, if I don't win it, then I'm going to win it I'm going to win it, then it's 6 to 30, I'll never play again Well, so what is that prove? Just, you know, I'm just trying out for one time in my life Let me ask you something, suppose there's a machine like for example the last time I was It would buy me four vacation, I would put a couple hundred bucks at a dollar machine Didn't do much and then the next pool of paid 400 on the line You don't know when it's going to pay off? Well, I'm not going to sit there and spend my paycheck on the stock Hey, check, thousands, man, we're talking big bucks all those hours you've had If those hockey games, those bogus hours you put on the time sheet, wait till parents gets Wind of that That's not that, buddy He's got bigger fish to fry than your poultry puny paycheck, believe you me Oh brother, there are stuff going on, there's an earthquake going on Inside QA, the only problem is nobody knows anything about it That's the only deal We're feeling it, but nobody knows what it's all about There's a major tumultuous earthquake, and you know what? Who cares, just give me the check Hey, speaking of wally hinnasy, all you horse racing fans and poker players You're a place to celebrate New Year's Eve How about a four-course dinner at the top of the park restaurant Plus champagne and party favors in midnight Also there will be music and dancing all my long, even after midnight Or maybe take poker till the stroke of midnight and celebrate with a free Champagne toast or gamblers, then you have a stroke And don't forget, Tom Pino Park also features the world's only midnight mile But last race starting in 2005 ending in 2006 Here they come, wally hinnam again, okay, look back see if Dan Capello's coming Now, don't forget to, what's back in Tom Pino Park, it's everybody Stabred, it's free spaghetti dinner night, Monday, January 2 That's correct, just purchase a pompano park for a ram for Monday, January 2 And get a free spaghetti dinner coupon for money net on the 4th floor Even Mickey McNickles shocked by that Pompano park features free admission and free general parking every day Live harness racing in the poker room or whenever you Monday, Wednesday, like today, Friday and Saturday Poker starts at noon, it's going on right now as I speak And live racing gets underway, nightly at 725 p.m. including tonight And don't forget every Monday night, there's 2 for 25 dollar dinner speciality Top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor and every Wednesday, like tonight Is dollar night for breakfast, beer, soda hot dogs, and lots of pork Pompano park and Pompano park harnesses also open every day And night seven days featuring the best in cymbal casting Harness stir-up at highlight action from all across north of America for you to watch And plunger guts on some ring of suitcase full of money Pompano park, a black south of an 90 volt of our power line road For the new racing schedule called 954 972 2000 around a wicked web It's PompanoPark.com This is New Rogers This is 5168 Dumb as dirt Go handle it Ruts Think of everything go have a great toy A very upset and a very annoying I give it a stick and I give it a touch and drag my whole year as a cross so run. Infiltrated and inculvering and inculvering. They got me shanked in an accident. You want to like a dance, yeah? I'm a beauty of my hand who would have come from grab. I got dancing my dance. I say most of my makes a sound like a crutch when I walk this far. I walk this way. Take my spare time in my behind. I'm going to the thing room better is away. I'm going to trail right down to my knees and in this top. I'm going to the mat. Single sensory motion of the gym is me. I got the thing room better. I got the thing room better. I got the thing room better. 47 no boy today. We got the Curtis Stevenson and Troy Stratford. Two and a six not just the Mo show but the Mad Dog show. Four exciting hours. See if you're like Troy what are you ready to be doing? Would you rather be out selling and servicing your counseling going and getting some great new accounts on a year and making some money or would you rather be like a stupid star and be on a radio pretending to talk to us for a scrap. That's what he chose. That's a problem with Troy. He can't figure out he rather be a celebrity. He wants to be a stupid star. He don't want to be an old like sales hole. I mean what kind of a person wants to be a sales hole anyway? He wants to go to some stupid dance school. We Roy. And then we got the Jesse Agrogeus for a BFFR from the Bank Atlantic and the Center from 6 to 630 as we have proud previewing to be a Panther game. Why Troy to be a flying walker that lunch between Alico and him. They are the hump or wouldn't you? I would. What is that all about? The Zara pairing there. 630 got the Panther preview. 7 o'clock the Bruins in time to play the Panthers. The Bruins suck big time. There was a Bruin. And Lenny Martess, speaking the sucking big time. Lenny Martess after the hockey until 2 in the morning if you didn't handle it. He'll keep you awake. He'll keep you tossing and turning. I'll tell you who else will keep you tossing and turning. Oh, fat boy. Is in where's that copy for that spot? Oh, geez. Now what did he say to you that he couldn't you talk to him? I did. And what did he say? He said he was driving down to this was yesterday morning. Yes. He's driving down to Armstrong Ford right now. Maybe didn't get there yet. Who can say? And. And that was it. Oh, no, there was he wasn't going to just any copy. Anything I've made is going there. Maybe he's going there to get the copy. Huh? I haven't heard from him. I see. 209 votes on a pull. What about a 2005 was the most significant to you? Hurricane Wilma 86. Republicans, scandals and indictments 54. Hurricane Katrina 34. I had no sex life 28. I got late a lot 11. That's Josh and 10 other lady friends or 10 other friends. Terry Shivoh, the debate on her tube. 9. Slots get okay in Broward 7. Not too excited about that. John Roberts and put it to Supreme Court Scott 6. Are you Schmidt and me or one? Well, get out of here. That's the most significant thing in the last year. John Roberts. God. I mean, when you stop and think about it, he wound up eventually because Rengkway's croaked. He wound up becoming the chief justice. So what's the difference there? You got one Nazi be replaced by another winner. And that's not the part that's going to change anything. But at any rate. Popped up to two thighs three now. See, we've got the sympathy vote after I made a big submissive about that. And you rack elections. It's a salimental. You'll know. They're trying to get one for those Iraq fixed elections. Excellent. 560560 pound five 60 Liberized and SIGGETER Wireless Lines. Maybe Dian will call in. You think? No. Well, why not? Come on, Dian. Kiss and make up. Do you want to QAM? Hello. Yes. Hey. Our question. Are the new God bumper stickers ever going to come back? Oh, get out. Do you think this office is going to put our bumper sticker? Oh, yeah. I'll buy one, man. I'm waiting. Yeah. I got it. I want one. Yeah. I want one, too. Neil God bumper stickers. Yeah. This outfit. You know, people wouldn't believe this story. But if I did write my book, one of the things that have to put in there. And I still can't believe. It's got to be about five six years ago. And I see people walking around and they've got these QAM caps, like a baseball cap and t-shirts. Okay. So, you know, if you want to stay at those at IOD, just about every other station I've worked for, is it like promotional, you know, t-shirts or caps or whatever. You know, give away stuff, bumper stickers. And of course, this T-pass outfit. Their idea of promotion is to be walking some guy with a sandwich board on his sands for five minutes on Lincoln Roadmala. I mean, they just don't believe in it. And so, somebody has told us, well, those are really nice. And they said, well, for like 20 bucks, you can have the cap. And I think the t-shirts are like, about the turn of the hand. They were selling them. If you wanted one, you had a buy it. And I'm not talking about the public. I'm talking about the members of the staff. I was just preceded your being involved. Yes. But you can ask around and they'll tell you. It's the MSHITS, the truth. You had a buy your own QAM cap and or t-shirt. Now, I said, El Paso, no thank you. Is that incredible or what? They're talking about cheap. And this guy thinks we're going to put out bumper stickers to promote this show. They're 20 bucks. First of all, what does this show have to do with sports? That's what his stations are about. Greg Wheaton is obsession with sports. Maybe we'll get a manager winner that realizes that this is more than just a sports station. That the bread and butter is here in the only non-sports show on a station. This is the Hamitan Potatoes baby. The bread and butter in the head cheese. This is where it's at. The Halifah on the Montevoles. And the Kishki and the Grimson. That's where it's at. 10 to 2 baby. Oh, it's not a sports show. It's just that. Phil said, oh yeah. And also maybe if we get new men, maybe we will be able to play the fart sounds again. People have somebody that stands up to joy. He says, hey guess what? The FCC doesn't care about fart sounds. You bitch. That's what we need. Some of that stands up to corporate legal instead of like, you know, and of course we don't have to like the stand on. You don't call up joyson say you. Good. You flat you wore. Yeah. Because he made his own bed now he's like floundering it. That's the problem. Too many furry tales, too many lies, too many backdoor deals, all that stuff. You know what I mean? Backdoor deals. Backcom. Yep. So that's what I go as Greg. Good luck to you. Or not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon, Siggular Wireless Lines. These phones ought to be smoking the day baby. We actually haven't been that bad this week. See the reason not doing much today like yesterday is yesterday. We were building that stupid ass pole about, yeah. I got one, you know, with the name. Hey, we got that John Roberts. Now yeah, we did get the John Roberts thing on air as being the heavy duty stand. It's got a few quotes actually. How do you like that? That's scary. I'm not just talking about pole stuff. I'm just talking about conversation verbal intercourse. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, pretty good. Right. Not that bad. WQAM Hello. I'd like to pick up a volunteer, not a chronic. Come on, you can go in. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm the current owner of the, yeah, you are. All of the biggest ass in the world we're looking at it right now, right through this speaker. Well, that's good. We got the, the Gardler guy and Reverend Joe's back to back side by he said, So we got left. So like I said, I think one to two hours. Like I do every Wednesday. The, I wanted to comedy this hour. All right. Sounds like a winner to me, doesn't it? Yeah, does. See the Gardler. I mean, more like some so much. I'm trying to tell you man, go to two to four. Okay. I know, well, we'll be on a candle Friday, but you could probably wait or not. Call a criticism Troy into your act because I'm not like it. And I'd probably, you know, the promo. Yeah. I like that guy. Ha ha ha. You're like that. Because I'm really bored out on the Gardler. I just run. I find him using. I know that George wouldn't like that, but run. I find him using. Reverend Joe's is only using because he calls 4,000 times a day. So when it's own way, he just hanging up on him gives me sexual excitement. But as far as the Gardler, you're just, uh, your old man. You're, this is a wannabe. This is got a wants to be so desperately a part of this show. And like, you know, OG, everybody's talking about, but they're not. They're tired of your, is they lag. See there. And we don't want to be stale because then it's the stale Roger show. How many QAMs, stale Roger's? Hello. And here's the boy friend checking in. How many QAMs? Hello. QAM. QAM. And you just, uh, you know, crank it up a little bit. Okay, stick it in. Right, um, WQAM. Hello. See this thing is not an obvious thing is having a problem. The phone is rejecting these calls. So hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you see, uh, the, uh, the, the crack that that guy would have tell me. Actually, I missed that part and, uh, I missed that part of the game. Thank goodness. Cause I'm not really in the bed at all. And then he, oh, we got 25,500 bucks. Which if he got suspended a game, it would have been like thousands. You know, so. The 25, 100. That's like, he loves. Right. That's correct. I'm being out in Darcy Tucker, man. He's the, he demand. I love him. If that rest of the team was playing like Darcy Tucker, we'd be a kick in some serious ass. I'll tell you who's on fireman is Buffalo. Let's with those sabers, eh? And say Ryan Miller. Great. You're on fireman, you're good. Absolutely. Okay. That's an hockey talk. Thank you. Well, this is, I've always said it before. I mean, it's not like anything new. Rick, you're in a red. He's so good. I just luckily, I had the hockey package and usually when the sabers are flinted to give the Buffalo telecast. He is just so great. When he, when he scored a couple of goals in about 30 seconds, he had the night, he just took it to be true. Rick, you're in a red. I mean, he's no guilty, but, you know, see that's another thing that makes South Florida, bushly down with even Buffalo is got a great sportscaster in South Florida. He's got like Jimmy Cifillus and Geldy stuff like that. It's got to tell you a son, look in the mirror man. Look around and see where you are. Okay. That's where we do a 2A and we look around and see where we are. We say, oh my God. Till payday. 1256 and QA in the truth is what you hear. Compared you'll see why Ford is the best selling brighter vehicles in the entire USA. And it's not Florida the only 40-litre shop. That is Armstrong Ford of Homestead. Now, the holidays are here. Fetboys down there right now drum them up to new with deals for you, by the way. The holidays are here and maybe your car was sedemesuring Wilma. Maybe just want a great new ride. Now it's the time to get on down in Sierra, but friend David Rich and let David put your big fat ass behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford. Right now it Armstrong Ford, Homestead. They got fantastic carcass and incentives weight. Now you get a $1,000 cash back or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 or a free sale. If $5,000 cash back on a explore or expedition, how about two grand cash back on a scape and $2,500 cash back on Focus. Certain restrictions apply. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll also get like I've been telling you for a very long time. The exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You heard right tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee the best price in like I always say too because it's a locally owned and operated joint. They're going to give you velvet glove treatment. They'll treat you like family because they want you back again and again. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace. No bait and switch, no phone deals. So give David Rich a call at 305-24751-12 and tell David you want the Neil Deal. He'll say Neil, who's that? Armstrong Ford Homestead, 3075, South-Tixie Highway, 20 minutes south of the 836 and easy drive and well. worth it. Believe you me. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com. Then drive those few miles extra to save yourself thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. This is a Neil Rogers. This is 562 AM. Hi. It's part of the dinosaur. If you look at the cloud poison girls, you'll see that it's the one to two hour. I can tell time. Actually, I'm so rich. I can hire somebody to tell time for me. Oh, right. And rip out a paper and body. All the time. Who don't know the story? That's the way of life is about that. That's the movie for him. I'm a friend of a famous singer. Here in the hospital. Take me to home. And rip out a paper and body. All the time. Ride these on our own cent beer. It's when it's a fresh dog. So the day, half day dog, one piece. You'll find there as two flight hours. When the mishat and friend goes by you through the phone. Then there's a friend lock over a tower. I don't know where to go to someone called you. You're fair. Have a great night. Hey, everybody, all that time. Oh, I'm dying. Thank you. Thank you. Something is a free season. It's a wild day. From top of the old. Be to you. What? I'm thinking I got a whole bunch of stuff to do up here. I'm thinking about that. One or two hour comedy. What happened to that for the holidays? I mean, that's stuff. There's not a single call on the board. See what I was going to do was take a call. If it's been promising. We're going to get a lot of great calls. I made me put that on hold. I like for tomorrow. What happens if there's no calls like right now? Well, in that case. Well, I never knew. I'm just the other. I am over here. I'm over there. So when? He'll be, uh, took it a lunch, huh? Yes. And he may be paid for it. Why does that go? No good. Maybe we're to sacrifice myself. I'm the sacred altar of Bush. Oh. That reminds me of the time I had lunch with him in New York. We were sitting in a mullipink on room in the second Avenue deli. See if it might as great, though. Yeah. You know, this is what it means. You have to go to a picture of that coupon on the wall. The over there. Oh, yeah. He's a good pickle. Yeah. Do you wait a moment? Well, quite a way, huh? Who's a boy for pickle? The classic score? There's only a few. Yeah. Are you ready to learn any of that, which is just a little bit? I like co-cheap, poker, and taller. That's what you're going to be like. And you'll say, you see that there? He told me, sir. Now, that's a man who knows who I am. You'll have a Dr. Brown's black rare face. But the very... Was it Bush's just lying, of course. Oh, life? Did I say lie, surely, though, a man of the so-called New Taste? I highly recommend that Bush's just lying. Just forgive it, Dr. Brown's playing. People are like, Bush, yet home. Very stupid, sir. Get a lot of that, God. Live it, Dr. Brown's. So I look like, boy, I'm... He got closer on the chin. So what if I don't, I'm leaving anyway? Do that. What if he even thought? Well, I... I try to end this bit. No, it's too easy at all. Oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah, I... All right. Okay. That's it. WQAM, hello. Okay, nobody on that one. QAM, all right. Only one, solamente uno. Sorry, man. They would only once... Have we seen someone on the screen? WQAM, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Plot machines. Um, they're the place I go. I got them in the day count of the used. You want to scroll, spring, but he closed. If you want to attack you, the number. You want to buy a slopp machine? Yeah, I'd say 254. No thanks. With directions. No thanks. It's a good way to punch or go. Anyway, I would get all of that. I'm back to you. Okay. So like I said. Tonight on Alos, you're here. It's the Muslim world's number one sitcom. It's the Muslim world's own music. Everybody loves Ramadan. Starry Ray Romano as everybody's favorite radical lyrics. We've got an outsider. Hey, I got all of them. Come in a ride, I'll be okay. Thank you, go. Brad Garrett, as I ride a lowly. A dial poker piece, the older the joy she was through, switch over the top. And dinner boy, I'll ask the grand, I'll tell her, Ali, I'll say stunning. Holy, whoa! Everybody loves Ramadan. Hello, Shini's. He likes, and a rubber dog. That's tonight on every night of November, follow my tour of Astronman. And CSI's honor city on Al Jazz. There boys, right? Do you think this is the only after whole-fair in that place? The cat who writes that song, that he called me. I swear you everything's going to be the best. Bro, the train, feel the cat. Grace the fright of a guy with a cat. It's a cat who will find you. They have no mind. The cat has everything. They don't have to worry. They have no mind. The cat has everything. They will make asис of a dog. There is one in the house, and the teacher that expects you to... Boys, the cutleryn..." So we don't have to, they don't have to... And not just don't be sent to make them fit. And you have to be the one who made them fit. And you have to be the one who made them fit. I'm tired of it. Was there was this need? It's take his hand under his arm and make the justice sounds and they're each take. His tongue has been eaten. Turn his eyelids inside out. It drank a glass of milk from straws up the moon. And he's been eaten. Was there was this need? It's not just a question pattern to the camera on the ground and the candy got. So five words, there's the... Rocks going up all the straws along. If it was living, he would be the same. It's never given a fear. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. He would be the one who made them fit. One thing through his hand.. One thing through his Face Anise.. Two things of his body.. Two things of my closest body.. Two things of my closest doll.. What do you think? Ten INableplace.. She eyed two says to her must for Give the boys ready for a holy war But God two says to martyrs three Good morning, kids and women and children with me The Lord of Israel Pray, God of Heaven, God of God God of Heaven God of my long life, God I'm going through the G.A.R. In what the night is coming out of his cave To the Balmanki, St. R.T. and R. Pray, blood, male women begging in the crowd But, but he's only known ladies and gentlemen Let's rock, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Let's rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock Put on my bloody life's law Don't do the G.A.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.RR! Wake, my mama, turn off CNN This is the American truth position Sewardly G.A.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.RSR.R.R.R.R.R! Open, Kirievel low. Don't feel late. Closing trouble for all Gloria Manny Lockhearrer.api 그러�o. I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock Rock, I'm going to the VR Rock, I'm going to play... I'm not between the VR Rock and the VRRock, I'm going to play an easy 1000 Euro, let's play an easy broken bass performance. I'm going to play that sixth third key frequencies. Let's play that second key set and give it a five, two, a one fourth hand guy on. I'm really excited now and will continue. This is the real rusher. This is 560. Come on. Okay. I'll tell you to dance to dance. Let me wear it. Not easy. You can't keep up with the beat. She will jiffle. You can't see this. Sounds so sharp. It's like a guy. Uncranky like this. Great job. I'll give you a hot hot dance. It is so easy. It's like you are fast. It's too much stupid. If you try to keep up with the... Wait, it's stupid. It's a girl. Maybe you should. It sounds like you are. And you are just no time. I'll pay for it. I'll give you a pinch of more. I don't know how you can. It's just as stupid. It's like a girl. I don't know how you can. Can't help the beat. It's like the audio system. I don't know how you can. It's just... It's like the beat, really. It is not all that's moving. It is... And you will be so confused. I wanna dance. It's like I am. You can't I do that. I'll give you a hot dance. You can't I do that. I'm 17 at 5.60WC. I'm no mode today. That's one reason to be very upbeat. We got Curtis and Troy from 2-6 and then a hockey stuff. And then, Lady Martez, if you don't have like a stomach full by then, till 2 in a morning. So I'm just, I got a whole bunch of stuff to do up here now. We had a great pull idea that I said we would do one Friday and then I forgot it. I should have written it down. Oh, by the way. Yes. We got an option during the break that I think might be the winner. The option for what for the pool today for this pool. Yes. Okay. Gas sitting three dollars again. Okay. Get it on there. All right. Let's hit the gas. But earlier somebody suggested something and we said, what it would be a great pool idea and I forgot. And you did too. Otherwise you'd be blurtin' it right up. I'll think about it, give me a minute. That's bad. It was sensational. It might have gotten us a 90-year-on Friday, but I forgot about it. That one with it. Anyway, here's what we got so far. 2-90-9. Not all that spectacular. Consider we changed a pull about 20 till noon. Well, whatever. Maybe 300, right? 301. Now I feel better. What if I had a 2005 was the most significant to you? That is a good one. In fact, let me refresh it. Did you put it on there yet? Yes. Let me just take a few could that. I won't have anything yet because we just stuck it on there. But yeah, gas goes over $3 a gallon. You watch that goes zooming up. And by the way, thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and all those dead American soldiers too. 105 say hurricane willma and why not? Isn't that what you expect? You bet. So many people affected so many people pissed off at FDNL and everybody else. Yes. Republicans scandal-sized indictment 63. Percane Katrina 51. I had no sex life. Audio 39. None. Zero Zippity Duga. I got laid a lot. 13. How do you like that? Now we find out whether so many people grew to the show every day because most of our people ain't getting it. Except of course for a Josh who's getting it all. Spread a little around when you please. No. Terri Shival and her two, but debate. 10. Maybe we could take Terri's old queue and hook it up to Ethan on passions would be good. For Ethan. He's just laying there. Slots get okay and brow her at 8. John Roberts appointed Supreme Court 7. Big Simists. Pope Paul joined the tooth dies and gets slipped around on a slab like a slab on a slab for. The recollections won and gas going over $3 a gallon. You watch. It's going to go zoom it up there, won't it? Yeah, I think that could be the winner. It's still got no votes. But nevertheless. You'll see. I think we're not gonna go from then. Do you wish to die? Wishing that the fix things up. Sure out of his mind. Yeah. I don't want to hear from those. That he's restoring peace. How long we know it's to see that? With that loser my pussy. I guess we know it's to see that. We're just in one that he needs. Big Dotto. Our genes back. And this time he's walking. It's fucking terrible. It's so Carolina. That the whole mother had the gun. That was all I should have seen. Okay. Our genes arrived. It's a concert. It's a concert. Yeah. I don't want to hear from those. I don't want to hear from those. Our genes arrived. It's a concert. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like it when the guy stopped by for a hummer. Do you remember when you got that hummer? You can't hear from the block. Really has no chance to have no chance. I am fit to fly from the chives down on. For a hummer. I like chives. He's starting only one end. It stretches when they go in. So like I said. Yeah. I was doing something under a little bit. Can I be expected we got like 75,000 bits in here. Can I remember them all? I'm not sure you did too. Actually did I expected. I did. Huh? You were leaving me into my fine hands. Well that's not a good idea. Michael Zale, the actor best known for portraying sleep you had. Fred the baker the duck and donuts. Time to make the doughnuts commercials is died at the age of 83. How do you like that? Bad news. Vail by. I don't even remember the spots. Do you? No. Time to make the doughnuts? How does that gas goes over $3 a gallon, do I? One vote already. Look at that. Like we said. Vail by. It's Saturday New York City of complications from diabetes. Santa Laura Rick Rell said. See that? Maybe it isn't time to make the doughnuts. TV has featuring Fred what are the trademark line time to make the doughnuts ran for 15 years until they retired in 1997. Can't mass based on condonus and the statement that Vail's character became a beloved American icon that permeated our culture and touch millions with a sense of humor and humble nature. And there's people dying all over America because of those donuts. Although not nearly as fast as they are from the other ones. Let's see other ones. And you notice how fast the death thing died out. Crispy cream. Well, you either want to have sex with it. No, no, no. I've always been a donut guy. No, no, no. And you don't want to be a donut. I'm talking about it. It was going crazy here and everywhere. They were opening up all over the place to stop with you through the roof. And then they discovered that people were like, oh, you're clacking their arteries and dying from all that stuff. And there's people stop eating it. No, if you're going to compare it, Duncan, don't let's request the cream. I'm going to tell you your taste is very goish. They always born in Brooklyn and studied acting in the dramatic workshop in New York City with classmates Tony Curtis, Venghisar and Rod Stagger. Federal in the Broadway stage, Philan TV, they have appeared in more than 13 every TV commercials. I wonder if Jerry Vail was still alive. I sure hope not. His movie roles included jewelry salesmen in Marathon Man. He also appeared in Carillo, Geroll. A head full of rain. And that was his kind of make the donuts. And he died from complications of diabetes. Oh, I got news for a 83 for a diabetic in Tupac. I think most of us diabetes, we'd be real happy to make it to 83. I'm sent. Yeah. There'd be another 20 years for me. And I think 20 more years on the air just out of spite. I think we have to help him. Yeah, we can't. I can't believe it. We can't believe it. What a sphere. I don't see we want to play that one either. Everyone loved William Homes Bay at job on American Idol. And now all of William Homes greatest hits are on one amazing CD. It's hung up on hung. One, two, three, four. I may be here to call this out on because you're on me so I need my own. I know my own. Yes, from outcast to jail, everyone's hung up on hung. I know I'm in the house. Don't be fooled by a rock that I got. I fear I still fear upon breath. See, you stay have a little. Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get him up on hung up on hung. You're the fireman in a club. Fire a four of clubs. Mama, I know what you need. If you need a few of them. It's worth a lot more than 50 cents. Order now. You'll also get this free bonus CD. On American Idol, Luzir sings be American Idol winners. Cool. They're in a rough. What happened to you? You think a pandemic no longer needs to be the benefit. Goodbye. Oh you. Where the wrong. These true. William Hugs hung up on hung. It's only available for the next 15 minutes of the same. So don't delay. Call now. A little surely new the David for distress. Cause I reared and left. She ain't coming back. I'm so smart to get to the door of the tent. They've been a piece. And the short-team force we've been in. Mama, you're allowed to. Next time, David passed saying, Hold on back. He's too proud of gold. I said we ain't ever chance to be a benefit. But I'm not a father. Maybe he should really get there. But one more goes abroad. For the last. We'll love you. Please follow your name. We'll love you. And we'll love you. We'll love you. We'll love you. We'll love you. And we'll love you. We'll love you. We'll love you. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16, 28. Be careful. You're fair. And five six. Oh, W-U-A-A. Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. I thought- Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're quick and kindly. No, not. I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes. Why did we move the practice? Sir, you told me to move the practice. I didn't tell you what, you must've been on your stomach. No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, listen, but wipe. I'm not the boss. I make the decisions you take the heat. Right. You'll move the practice. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? Oh, man. Hold on. What are we doing? Remas. Evil shot. How up. I'm on the phone, Remas. I did. Yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and the Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. Remas. Get him off. Stop him, Remas. I'm going to call him off. Stop, son, and call him, Remas. Remas. If one sense of my hand, Remas, that your feet is bald. My other hand, Remas. That's a phone, Mom. Right. I can't hear anything, Remas. Stop, son, and the floor. Sorry. I'm that, sir. The moves are working out very well. The practice is four minutes times. What? And move it. It's time for a place that we even beat in the WB. Fairly. Oh, my god. Michael Jackson was a raining success. Hold on a second. Remas. vegetable. What's our helliest doing with a harmonica. Remas. Don't play, Remas. I'll jam that thing down your throat. I'm a lunge. I'm allergic. I'm a nurse. Sir, over 25 million people saw that. Shut up, Eisner. Listen. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? You should have an explanation for crying out loud. I'm going to leave my hands up and down. Why? I'm the puppet master. I said, you do it. Now, Fox is going to handle all the stuff that you cut out on the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him more excited. I hope that nurse there. Me. Eat it. Oh. Reemers. Yes, ever. What's our helliest doing now? It's in the flow, both. It's nothing wrong with a floor rain. That's what's in my ear. That you'll be the boss. My other ear, Reemers. That's the phone. That's the phone, Reemers. Get out. Come over to work. Get out. I've heard. Yes, sir. Kill on me. Kill on me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill on me. Sorry. Kill on me, softly. 134 got some good news. Finally, there's good news tonight. Boys and girls like Gabriel. He used to say 100 years before you were born. Yeah. You got your Gabriel heater all set to go. Hey, Enron's former chief of Category Officer Richard Cossie struck a plea bargain with federal prosecutors and will avoid going to trial with a fall and energy company's two-time executives according to a person from a given negotiations. Cossie is going to plead guilty to snap noon and got a hearing already go into one or more of the 34 criminal charges pending against him. Cossie 45 agreed to testify against his former bosses and Ron Founder Kenny Boyle and former CEO, Jeffrey Scaling, had exchanged for a much lesser prison sense than he would receive the convicted in all counts. The trial is scheduled to begin next month, but he lays considerate since the defense attorneys lot more time for the government's new witness. Cossie is charged with fraud, conspiracy, insider trading, line-go-auditors, money laundering for allegedly knowing about or participating in a series of schemes to fool investors into believing that Enron was financially healthy. A scam a rip off and thank God are going to stick Kenny Boyle and Jeffrey Scaling their asses go to jail for a long time and hopefully, and there will be all the people from the gambling channel too. Oh, what a mess. I think it's a little piece of white. What are you doing here, not a little bit? I'm waiting with you. I flew high though and pressed up like honey, even. That's for you. Very good. You're forcing me to do this. Jeffrey, I'll put a nice Hawaiian bun. Sure. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Cossie. Bought. We salute you, Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. We learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina is not to count on FEMA Director Michael Brown. What can Brown do for you now? Apparently nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. 52 billion dollars has been allocated by the U.S. government, but you've created so much red tape, the victims won't receive it to money, Brown. So, Michael Brown, you're the winner! With all his seven done, you will lose your job faster than you can say, equalize. And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston-Asteredong Home 2. Three hundred count down. So, we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Your clipboard, your student, maybe blue FEMA shirts and your comover. You are a real American A-hole. He everybody have Brown in Brown, a countable board everybody Brown that drown as a human being. I'm a big disappointment, but I got a brown nose, and I know where I'm on it. There was no one to get them saying they don't overcub again, and have a way, I did everything. I possibly can. The show must have called for the club's plan. Oh, what a job I had to have a vector of FEMA. When I am much more, is there no reason to screamer and a clueless of a paste? It's his gift, Brown nose and the bridge. Two long leans is wiped out and gone. With double use and I did one heck of a job and a choppy song. To be a brownie and another white-paste, the Christian bounties and national gods is down there now. With all of us just to get the press out and down, everybody go on. And up in the sea, everything here is pity, pain, all of our hurricane gave us a big VC for the upfront. So chill in to need and reflect a giant republic of Swain King. Through Jesus for our Lord and King, brave Jesus for our Lord and King. I don't believe in the passions we align. It serves the right to have less blasts and you descend to Susei. It's a national disgrace that you've never met in the first place. This is no time to play the blame game, since we know that very things are caused by days who are not the right kind of home home. We're not the right kind of a family and car, but we're not the right kind of home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home make home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home home me home home home home home You forget it. I'm gonna go and let's just learn about those people today. On your reviewing, for instance, and from post parties, Brown offered no apology. And mostly great others, for the default ones, did cross hundreds of ones. Right Brown, there's no one left to blame, I said, Browny! You're the couple, I said, Browny! Short corpers up in flames, no one! Ah! No! Who's or blame George Bush? You forget I'm making shut up before he says. This will shoot who messed up. You can defend him. But I'm sure you will buy many fake dead. He should do time. With a lot of work. I wish you some to run the fair. Be a man, so people die when he ran ass. Be a family. No! No! The hell we want those, that you're leadership votes. You can go back to your horoscope. Today, for public and democrat criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. This is Neil Rodriguez. Oh, yes, this is 5.62. 8. We can make sure when you get there, there will be no. No! Are you all right? Are you all right? Hi. I think so. A car accident. Millions of people experience this unfortunate incident every year. One insurance company has you covered. So when accidents happen, when disaster strikes. Think, sh** happens. As happens insurance, we know there are some things you can't control. After all, sh** happens. We got a lot of heavy rain on the storm blew through it. Just let it my basement cost thousands of dollars in damage. I lost a lot of my belongings. Who's devastating? But, then I remember. Sh** happens. Sh** happens insurance covering your family when accidents and disaster strike. Because we know sh** happens. Sh** happens insurance. The subsidiary of... Holy sh** incorporated. Sh**, sh**, sh**, sh**. Sh**, sh**. My movie. It's my movie. You got the fame of nine bucks to see. My movie. You can't pour it into my movie. Oh, I'll have to fuck my champion. You're consistent with my movies. You can find me on the screen. As it can't be means from a lesson's have a need. Cause I'm just being me. I'm gonna shoot a film. They're full and they're degraded. They're making a million bucks. Sh**, sh**, sh**, sh**, sh**, sh**. Don't make me fat. You can find me on the screen. Sh**ing with your team. Cause my movies read it all and yet under 17. I think it's a help of kids. It's a help of me. So watch the service stream. But my pockets will agree. Don't try to act like you ain't seen my movie posted. Neither. I can't read good on the time. Go pick on Ted Newt. That cracker misgulass. But third man, everybody's head. I buy that bad. This is a bad bad bad. This is a bad, this is a bad, this is a bad bad. Ohhh man oh man oh I'm gonna let you remove that crap. Where? Where everybody knows I'm getting away is right now. I beat off in the latest guy that the George Bush picked There will be the better than the highest check Only the Bush is a real judge, ain't got his name On his heels he tells me what is fake, back home he's waved He's got a rope, he's George Bush's only hope Oh, who said this guy, we end up on it Didn't get one of the greatest for my time I am a dangerous loser to fish I am a dangerous loser to fish What is the sport horse do, bull, bull, bull, bull Glory is a cowardly fool, Captain is a queen of poop No consequence at all, let your joke come for love or balls My amy day is losing the fish What, what, what, my amy day is losing the fish What, what, what, what My no-badet all you want in your over-depth, jealous swamp Captain, imagine where they went from, this lady got as good as this song I am a dangerous loser to fish What, what, what, what, what, what My amy day is losing the fish What, what, what, what, what My amy day is losing the fish What, what, what, what My amy day is losing the fish What, what, what, what One 50, one a Q.A.M. Only an ambulance away from the award-winning Curtis Cest Stevenson and trust ran for Joe, why are you said about that or what? I am actually not as excited as you were about this hour, which is a piece of cake woman. Yeah what? How is Brett doing by the way speaking of sales holes in a great job they're doing back there? How's Brett doing? I'm sure he's busy selling right now. But he is. Or maybe he just vaccinated all piece of coffee that's got my hand writing on it just crossed and something like that. I'm still out there Brett, you're really doing it, baby. 333 votes on the poll. Like a 380, how do I get that? 380. What event of 2005 was the most, that is a treatment of Brett last one not four. I just check and that's right. Okay, well you never know, might be chopped off. 380, what event of 2005 was the most significant to you? Hurricane will 133. Republicans, scandals and indictments 74. How is Kenny Boyle doing over there at NRON? Hurricane Katrina 62, I had no sex life 47, I got late a lot 18. Well maybe we'll need to get someone who was people together. Gas going over 3 bucks to go on 13, that's climbing up your way about that. It's starting to make the climb. Terry Shivalen, the debate about her 4-2, 11. Slots get okay and Broward 8, John Roberts and Point of the Supreme Court 7. Pope John Paul the truth could start and the you're carried to Slob on a slam. 5. And the recollection of Solomon Tade Dose. 5. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 16. 6. 6. You get a lot of it. 5. Rogers, I was for told radio WQA. 5. 10. Do you want gay or lesbian? 9. 7. 7. 7. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 2. And then there's no Westgate. 2. He is later your in-row for Skarts. Thank you, suitcase, and for Logan, they're port. No frills. Tyvel. You fight. All night. The visingles mourn. Tell Billy Cars, now you're so far away. One wedding ring, an out-things change. Saying goodbye to a little strange. Every morning in the same old bed. You see the same face until you were dead. The younger practice that school to ETA. Can a snake on just goes to your liking. Can't fall into his forecas, trust us. You wish you were, run down by a great hub bus. You wear a neck. Do I look like that? Call us, you lame, Lord. It's just great. Goodbye, single fathers. Tell Billy Cars, now you're so far away. It's all. George, this is next episode from the speech earlier in the week. Every new citizen of the United States has an obligation to learn our customs. And English language. Dude, you can't even take English. Well, sometimes I'm mind-blowing English language. I get to any right now. Sometimes it sounds like years. And you're speaking both in or something. Maybe I need to learn to communicate better. Good. Genius thing. And as any of you want to have far a mastery of the English language. Thank you. Just live with a different person. Been keeping with the high standards of broadcasters. In the tradition of Edward Omirows seen it now. Five, six, the UW-QAM presents now see here with no holiday. I just won't have any day. I'll say here. I don't know, gig in. And if I am so choose to stay, I can change the face of whatever that is to. Now see here who did more for radio. New Rogers? Well, hey, Oscar Anderson. Ah! Oh, here's my best view. Are you guys all free? I'm Oscar Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio. And at Pike's muck, I hear you know, man. Why are you? Why, Oscar Anderson saying nice song. Oh, he got up. Hey, you, Rogers, those singles won't come up. Mother, they're nice. We're going to do it. I sure. That pair that's a nail, sign, and then they're discouraging songs about their go with Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. And then a pack of the one and he writes them in and it nails things up. Now you know he's queen it. But real men don't sing. Oh, and another day, we've asked our agency with a lot better than the two. That pair's will make them their best things. And the next one is them. How's he here? Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olson or Jaggi Robinson. Can I? Now see me here next time for a moment against them. How's he here? Not there over here. Oh, boy. Bye, bye, bye. And by the way, my just passed wind.