Acted, uh, nobody else had this morning. Yeah. Yeah. You could have fasted to you. Okay. No, I You can't you can't fool me. You're just using them to aggravate me. I don't want to aggravate you for my birthday. That's God. On the day of my daughter's wedding. Yeah, that's exactly right. So you what 63 that's all? That's all. What does that mean? I'm 65. You're 65. Yeah. No, you're not. Yes, I am. 1940. 65. Yep, I just woke you through this once before. That's right. You're the oldest I'm in the middle and then the Doodle. Good post buddy. He's like turd and he's the turd. Yeah, I am bringing him up today. And we're just talking about age. Okay. I like I heard you. I heard Lee first came to town. He told a Barry that he was like in his mid 30s or something like that. He also said he was going to revolutionize sports talk. And I don't start. We did nobody else would put to him. I just want to win. And just when we finally tried to like mend our way. I heard you. Yes, I'm a slice of the PTSD and turn his down. He did. Yes. And very nice way. I mean, you know, he didn't there wasn't a really random. He doesn't know. Thank you. And I'm assuming maybe he had some lunch before he came in. I thought that was the ultimate olive branch. Right. Well, I've tried. I keep trying. And so Gornier's telfon is the Chinese. He said this is going to work. Gornier's telfon. 65. My God. You're a senior citizen. Yeah. Although in a lot of places 62 now a senior citizen. A lot of places 70 years. In fact, if I go like, oh, this has been going on for a couple years now, I go into certain drug chain here drugstore. Yeah. And I'll go to the checkout and I'll say, oh, are you a 62 to 2 as a no for the movies? You want to get to be 70. I'm not going to be 62. I just I don't need the senior discount. It's just two and Barry. I won't use it either. You can get it at the movies. I would never do that. Well, I should say that then is do I look 62 and they say, oh, yeah. You're so easy. And then some. Yeah. Bad. Well, you see, of course, to show you when our first came to town, that's all I talked to was old Farts. And now I've become one 30 years later. You've joined. That's going to be the big day. March 1st. That's going to be. About 30 minutes. 30th anniversary in Miami. Even the wall I do is read the newspaper, the audience, but nevertheless, somehow we're still fumbling our way along. Look at Miami where it was 30 years ago. Yeah. Now sure has helped beat what it is now. That's why I don't want to be there. Oh, brother, you couldn't bring it. I wouldn't be there. I'd be tired. I had to be there. It was a great place. It was a great place. It was a fun place. It was clean. It was the beaches really are sun and fun. And then, of course, it got taken over by old Farts and by right winners. Chase all the kids out at Spring Break. Yeah. That's one of the hell of a job of catering to the young crowd, not with Gary Puckett, Newton Gap, and that's crap. So what is getting what we're in it? What are getting rid of Spring Break, do for four load? Killed it. I think so. Killed it. That was great. Everything got taken up by the condo commandos. They don't want any people under the age of 100 around. They don't want anybody who wants to have fun. Anybody that's like, it's, you know, it's an outdoor funeral power. I mean, that was it for three years now. Great scenes, Spring Break. Yeah. Did your camera just come to break or stop? Oh, don't. There you had the series yet. It's stuck and then you had the Nick Navarro and I got Ken Jenny much of fascist sheriff down here in Broward, who just want to grow beat the crap out anybody under the age of 75. They, that's the deal. They catered all the old forests. That's why I like in the golf ocean mile there are four loader rail. I want I used to come down as a visitor. Well, I was working in Michigan. I used to come down to Florida as a tourist. Yep. And I used to stay at the golf ocean mile for loader rail. But what what a different, I remember one year I was down there in December and it was before the Orange Bowl in Penn State was staying in hotel. I remember when the jet stayed there before the Super Bowl when they beat the Colts. I mean, those were the days. And then of course, they let that whole area get taken up by condo commandos. And so it's, you know, they just don't get it. They don't have a clue. And of course, the idea of a more storm. We take care of that. Isn't it something we can't even get the slot machines in much less of full casino? Right. What a joke. It is a joke. And then, of course, the thing on South Beach was supposed to replace that. You're called, what's that was your name with the green teeth? Oh, a capatman. Very good, Barbara Capatman. Boy, you're a sharp today for an old fart. Barbara Capatman. We don't need a minute art deco, right? She invented art deco. And then of course, we had art deco. And I was really big for a while. And of course, the South Beach is going to hell in a handbag. Getting it's kind of a changing neighborhood. And it's not beach is alive now. The okay, whatever you say. It is. Well, it is alive. But, well, we'll see. It's happening. South Beach has become what spring break used to be. The, uh, yeah. We'll see how long that's going to last. But on your case, Barbara Capatman was right. We don't need casinos. We got South Beach, which says a hell of a lot before. A lot of them. By the way, in Broward County. You know what, South Beach is, uh, I watch guys on sports center the other night. All their tharmazs have the new heat blurs. You know, love South Beach. Yeah. Well, we'll see. Who cares? We'll South Beach love them. Okay. No comment. Whatever that means. Yeah. No comment. I mean, uh, it's going to be for Saathi love South Beach too. And then look what happened in the handbag. I forget about it. The answers, uh, don't travel very well. Do they? Pathers and the Leafs both lost last night was very depressing hockey night. You had to bring that up too. First we had, uh, our win bag. Now we got, uh, hockey talk. Okay. I'll get off it. So, uh, why did he refuse the pizza? He didn't say. I mean, it's not up to him to say. Well, you are bad. That's what you go back to that. No fun when somebody gives it to you. It's better when you steal it. It's more of a challenge. Yes, that's it. Yep. In addition to which maybe he stole some before, uh, Josh went in there with it. I don't know. Maybe he found some laying around in the kitchen. I have no idea. I don't know what he was so upset about. It's a true story. That's all. And it was very funny story. It was a bit confusing. It was part of the course. But it just gets so bad. I just shaped the fact that people reveal, I say people. You're truly reveals on the ear. The kind of shenanigans he pulls. It's Tim. And as far as blame him for the crank calls. Like I said, we are operating now a little bit about a third of a deck because almost, uh, you still got about 40% of the people without power in some places. And you got a lot of people with no phone. And in addition to which even the people that do have power in your phone, they're trying to put their life back together again. They don't have the time to call some stupid ass talk show. So what does he think we're going to get? So he gets a few nut jobs on there. Right away. Whoa, what are we going to tell you? And there days like yesterday, I've been chatting in three reasonable calls the whole day. Who cares? I don't know about you, but I still get paid pretty good. Whether the calls are good or not? Yeah, I'm not complaining. Yeah, I have no complaints. Bonus check already came in for that great summer book. I'm going to have no complaints at all about You already got that? Oh, yeah. I got it in my deal man. 10 days. They got to pay it within 10 days. The number coming out of there. They all go to jail. Wow. The all get bushwacked. I had to say that because I see him on it right now. He's in the summer of the Americas where they hate me even more than they hate him in the US. New polls out every day now. And his numbers are dropping like a rock. Even Joel Finder don't have number. Well, I take that back. Oh, and when Bush gets down to a, then he'll be right there with Joel. Yeah, they're there. 10th word about him again today. Oh, yeah. I'm glad you mentioned that because I put the article on top Barry although very finely realized that those numbers came out that we beat the crap out of the mall. He doesn't give the numbers. He didn't make a big deal out of it. No, at least sorry to get an amazing person. Sorry to give the numbers last week. Very particular whole week to figure out that we beat the crap out of your buddies over there at 790 to ticket and your good pal La Hank said Rosenberg They're bringing him very slowly as you know, Alan Brown says. Alan Brown is great for jerking people around. Yeah And this is just another example of it. Yeah, I was thinking like we've brought for L. Long slowly. He started on a weekend Then they put him on full time and he tried to lose our license and we had a fire's ass, but Sid Rosenberg has got this whole thing. I guess I got to read this. It's really proud. Alan Brown is one of the great failures in local Brookings. Alan Brown. He's a can saw he's a marketing consultant who's supposed to be a broadcast expert. Yeah With experts like that. They're not into broadcasting. They're into marketing. Yeah, he's a marketing guy. So he's taken them right down the tubes Well, what is he got to be a guy who has structured that whole thing over there. Oh nice job Alan downtown Alan Brown I wonder if he's kind of like downtown Mikey Brown. No, he's getting there. We're other flopping He's got some emails that we can find You know something he's the guy who sent out that that phony thing about me in the ratings against them against the known show that thing yesterday with those emails from downtown Brown He Brown if and the media of course I haven't been talking about anymore, but that that was the most one of the scandalous things I've ever seen in my life people are dying and you wonder why this guy comes on national TV and he says Oh, I didn't even know there were people at the convention center 2000 people started and walking around in feces over there and he doesn't know that there's people the convention center And he says sending emails back and forth about his suit and about they tell him he should roll up his sleeves because even a president did that for the photo Apparel up your sleeves so if you're not working hard, at least make it look like you're doing something That it's just amazing the way the media let's these people off the hook Okay, and this guy is the worst part of his he's still on the payroll yeah 147 grandier. He's still on the theme of payroll this son of a bitch. Yep downtown Browny Brown heck of a job Browny and Bush is popular. He rains like I said are going solo now But even the right even the right wing nuts are like bail off an inch Yeah, the only person who will go out dinner there is that freeloading guy from England who hasn't ever had a job at the Like yeah, he's on his dog face bitch right go around the world as America's guess. Yeah Charles Galson Camilla bulls prophetic well there's sports in mind in anyway Yeah, first of that I can when he wears the kills in the high-saw place So that's all you've been in England you was there with a high top hat would Dave Johnson at time Yeah, that pictures on the wall there in my studio in our moring suits. Yeah How did that come about you have to wear that to go into the Into the equivalent of the clubhouse area. It asked God get out of you Well, it's called the royal enclosure and you have to wear that costume to get in there The royal enclosure. Yeah, is there where they keep the queen? Yes, in fact the queen mom Was there that day? Bet you was In that play like your booze the old queen mom That's what she did she would go out there and they always made sure she had a little bit of vodka with her and she Go tooling around in her golf cart and go look at the horses before the races before she would bet the book by Kitty Kelly The Royals there was one of the great lines. See She said he hit the buzzer. She was up in her Up in her quarters in Buck and in palace and she had to buzz if she said when all you Queens downstairs Get through a screw and around on it. This old queen upstairs would like a stiff drink She was great. Oh, she was over 100 and she was still belting them down. Yeah. Oh, yeah She had one thing about her in winestein Churchill Both big boozers. Yeah, I don't think she was wild about the rest of her family You know, they were like all he'd either like poison anyway. Yeah, but she kind of she had genuine to stain for the old group I think so. Oh, she got her shots of vodka. Yeah. Well, that's the bridge for you emotionally constipated It's very sad. I feel sorry for them because they have no hope as opposed to the friend who have you know That's supposed to us Well, what we become we've passed them all like the restaining still. Yeah, no, it's supposed to you Me no, are you guys? Oh, you guys. Oh, that's right. You're being there. I'm north of the border That's right. I forgot. Yeah, you're in the back of the way. You're in the back of the way In pass board, but boy. I just keep it legal and that's it. I don't want to know part of that crap Well, you go for a civil artist these people are here You're across the border, don't you? I think you're part when you go down a Niagara Falls We'll just take on that slide back on that again Niagara Falls is in Ontario So you say on that side Niagara Falls New York is now that's an idea I could probably like get a PO box over there That would be a good scan and just cross the border once in a while and just to have him stand my passport Yeah, but you know who don't want to go to Niagara Falls New York? That's not where anybody goes. I keep trying to tell you I once had dinner at Niagara Falls at a restaurant with Rick and Henry Yeah, before a buffalo bills game We were over and we went and the three of us went to dinner at this place over overlooking the falls. It was great We went to about Rick boy when he went to dinner with Rick weaver could he ever talk and all about himself Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup That's all he did was just rambal on and on he was amazing. I enjoyed Henry and we was fun speaking of Having a good pop every morning Yeah, he was the he was the wine taste to his official wine taste He always ordered the wine. Yeah now. Yeah, there's a wine story along with a two. I think he has a wine store You know, he came in one day. I don't remember was that he brought his daughter's beautiful Yeah, but he brought maybe not but he came in at QAM one day about three four years ago. Have you seen Henry lately? I saw him the last time I saw Henry was a Rick's funeral. Well, that's so long time ago. Yeah No, since then Horty was Henry's ballooned up. It looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass and just blew it up That he looked okay when I saw no, he's he's gained about Zidian pounds. I hope you lost an answer to Henry since I saw your last time your good guy But we like to keep your life and he got huge See it's there's a difference between people who have been heavy all their lives. I said heavy fat And then people who are like haven't been in all of a sudden like in middle or later on I'm sure ballooning of that's bad. Yeah, we're used to it Huh? We're used to it. Yeah, our body is used to the punishment But these other guys that have been like you know Henry was always like a trim and lean Not skinny, but he was like you but now he's enormous his daughter was acting for a while. Yeah, oh, she's beautiful I wonder who the father is Santa is pretty his wife. Yeah, there's definitely an edge there. I do damn never meant Henry's wife Well, those are the days man, but you can't live in the past we have to do the best with what we got right now Must sent me some of the hourly numbers there in somebody a monthly numbers where we had a September to die for Yeah, the whole station at a huge September and the other place midday had a 0.5 In midday. Let me say it again a 0.5 speaking Henry. It's just amazing to me How how can you even but and what a lot of people are realizes is that they don't that's not their radio station They're leasing that that's still owned by Jefferson pilot. Yeah, I was mentioning the other day about when it was 790 WNWS when I was there for 100 years. You know talking to own parts with all those boring guests But in any rate, so they're just leasing it. Yeah 790 that used to be our farm station every time we had two ball games at the same time. We used to farm one out to a 790 But still is they've brought some guys so were there from here? No, no, but I'm talking about when we had ball games to farm out Yeah, we've got a hockey game that's gonna be on a station. I never heard of the more 640. Yeah. Oh Please don't tell me that you're I heard the promo for that. Let's see. We got their kings of course Because that takes precedence and virginity which would be on channel 10 by the way. Oh, I shouldn't have said that But the pants are Carolina game Carolina's really awesome. They're playing great But that's tomorrow night at 7 and it says in progress I'm QAM after the extra point after the hurricane game, et cetera all of these things and it's on the question markets It's over 640 which I never even heard of 640. No, I didn't either. Can you pick it up and date and brow it 640? I think it's a bokeh state. It's a pump. They were Tommy it's a pump beach, but you're probably right. It's probably a bokeh state. Yeah 640. I believe I don't know I've hung her listen to a bokeh. Oh, yeah So if you drive you want to hear the game on a radio drive up to like the Broward the Palm Beach line maybe you can hear it. That way we watch it on TV anyway This whole business like the dolphin games. You know once upon a time and a lot of blackout games are like favorite big college game that is non for some reason But with everything on TV now, what's the big premise right except? Of course in this case there are a lot of people with no power they've listened to it on radio But they're not gonna be able to watch it on TV unless they go to like a sports bar or go to hangs house, right? It's a true no seriously There actually is a chance that some people might be listening to Maranite because By the way, a lot of the bars don't have cable now really although I guess they can get the game on channel Channel 10. How does car end pretty sure am I right about that? Oh, the change game you talk about yeah The dolphins are on the dolphin. Yeah, that's gonna be ugly on Sunday I sure hope for you didn't pick the dolphins when I came I didn't Tom Curtis did No, why I think Tom been dipping of those magic mushrooms Man, it was just like last week you'd tell me that in the Orleans had a chance with deserve to be the favorite I can you said it all you picked it up for me in the world and's right now is the worst team in the league They really saw therapeutic. Yeah, they were weird Well, I'm not know I'm about to minute pass my first break But of course these breaks today are so short you do understand that time for me to start the weekend Yeah, well, that means get the get get a hold of the phone like your buddy Brett Musberg or one said Never forget that as long as I live it was like a slip of the tongue and it was It had some to do with a packer game and somebody they just announced somebody was gonna play who wasn't expected to play He says oh, what do you do you get on the phone and they just kind of like cut himself off in my stream Carter bookies, what you're wearing? Yeah, call again on a phone and call your bookie. I'm surprised you didn't finish that even Jimmy the geek would have embarrassed by that Brett is a does a lot of horse racing now. I do it doesn't I did three shows with him last year Oh, you know that I don't know must have been some kind of a special deal But if I forget what day it was but Trevor Denver called a races at Belmont one day Oh a breeder scup or is that what it was? Although and he wouldn't have Tom Durkin did the breeder scup right so it wasn't the breeder scup There was one day during the week though that they had him I guess they invited me They have a day where they invite yeah guys from all the track all the answers and I An aqueduct not Belmont excuse me sorry aqueduct aqueduct is open now Yeah, but hotter at 1225 and by the way, and I did you hear my plea for you yesterday I was mentioned a guy named Bill who says he's been listed for 18 years Facts me the thing they ran a full card yesterday the poker room is open to pay her due yes, so I'm actually watched a couple races from Carter Yeah, I'm in bed on him of course Carter at 1225 this afternoon is open and you got aqueduct Churchill would buy on three of our bread 1255 Santa needa Man, you ought to be busy all afternoon. That's good to be good ball. Huh sounds good to me. I'd rush to the phone. I mean Probably got some good numbers for you. All right. Okay. Have a great weekend. Yeah, you too good luck to us. Thanks It's Friday you first Tonight on celebrity poker It's a good I Heart your balls all right, right, let's say What are you betting Allen six thousand oh I call you Allen Because I am now I don't care who you are you fair Yeah, now how much six thousand dollars it will flood a money what are you gonna do about it? You fair Oh, what are you got? You just cost me six thousand and one count of All this is fence and excitement you can expect from low budget dumb down television like this viewer here Become machine channel and a chair with celebrity poker Yes 17 at five sixty w q a and happy Friday happy birthday to me and Berkeley and share all everybody else celebrate birthday order tomorrow to miles the day of course Maybe we wanted to do a special Saturday show. What are you saying? Yeah, you do that no we got Miguel in there today Miguel is there for George who is still sick And I think I got a sue F. You know I got all the if in numbers. It's not a pretty picture I'll say that right now. It's a very ugly picture It's Nancy it's unacceptable. I don't want no excuses out of one stories I want to hear about well now is the mono mono house to house. I don't want to hear that The people are like desperate right now including still I held a lot over 400 thousand by the way All virtually all in South Florida their pissed off and fired up. They've had it. They have had it Slurred up thunder and loot F. You anyway for our poll today and the reason I didn't put the new pool on it to like right before the show Is it's a building pool because those were my product How come Josh to flavor wave of and isn't doing better? Remember we put that on a once before about information stuff you bought. Yeah, I mean that I think honestly is because a lot of people don't have it They don't know the great why not I don't know the way that you and George and I have raved about it and rightfully So it's not a sponsor. We have nothing for free from them, but I use that thing virtually every day of my life I think I do use it every day. Yeah. Well, what's not to like I mean Easy to clean and you don't have to worry about like a microwave you can put the tin foil in it or I It's just it's just a pleasure it blows the form in a way like it's not even close. Oh, yeah I mean, it's kind of hard to cook a chicken in the form and lean me. I mean, I like the lean me growing machine But it's kind of hard to cook a what we're anything, you know like that in there in any rate and To the pool Toyota pre-as hybrid says robin Fort Myers the Toyota pre-as hybrid We're delighted that somebody after is getting hybrid vehicles to that wishing all that oil. Okay, that precious Earl So that I will get to what that pull is in a minute that new Trigina. I didn't put on body emulsion because new Trigina makes a lot of products And I went actually when I'm online last night and I looked up the reviews of it We don't have to worry about how many breaks we do this hour. We're like see what I'm saying We'll get we'll get to one we can do GM two of them together if you want unless you've already Programmed them yeah, but well, that's what I don't get them all in there's no no pressure We have no spots. Let's face it. We got no spots at all They ever go out in the street corner to do dollar a holiday. A lot of cancellations a lot of people into the hurricane And a lot of tradeouts, so that's good to see somebody's getting something but anyway I went online and I've all reviews there were a couple of saws was all this stuff was crap But all of them the rest of them gave them five stars and just raved about this stuff is like a miracle So I was George could be there like at his vote well, maybe he can't from home Why can't because you got no power no internet? He's still on sick. I tried it. It is probably the best You're talking about the long bottle with like the like the hands-soaked top. Yeah. Yeah, yeah The emotion yeah, it is it is just and you guys out there don't think this is like a girly thing I mean they make all kinds of like girly stuff most I think you wouldn't mind a bite You know, I don't have it though. I have my publics. They don't sell it But you might not go to your Walgreens. Okay. I'll guarantee how much of a lady bills life on her right now Because you're a new Virginia body Emulsion at your Walgreens guaranteed where they have all the skin cream crap. It's it's fabulous It's just I can't it's like changes your whole life if you've got dry skin Especially this time when you start with the artificial heat up north and whatever Anyway, a lot of faxes here. Let's see. I was told that QS has a power company up in the FPL and the power's long since been restored Can anyone substantiate? Well, we'll find out. I don't know about that to you any anything But FPL go and FPL rhymes with go to hell and they're not too swell Oh, here's one that's got some big idea for a poll. That's always a welcome. Believe me and somebody Faxing article about okay We jack everyone off. We already know all about him and that here's one from Lann and Cherry Jacobson Long time Faxes and listeners it says happy birthday heartfelt happy birthday Wish you thank you lot and Cherry you're a national treasure We're lucky to have you to ourselves all these years for the most part. Well, you're right. You're absolutely right Please try to get your Biden quote ripping her rum spell while he was growing conglies During confirmation of secretary estate and additional contribution your highly-weighted program would be the website cost of ward.com The site looks like a slot machine on steroids Interesting to see how much money we're wasting in the course of your four-hour show Lastly, please inform your listeners staff and friends to run out and see good night and good luck It's right up there with network. Yeah, that's the admiral movie tonight and good luck Right there on network, huh? No, it's not for you you wouldn't appreciate it because you know it is for old-farts like me Remember Edward armorail. I mean you might appreciate it But you don't know Joe McCarthy and I don't know anything about that era Which was very ugly and of course the fact that we're going to it again now with a tremendous You know censorship and no more freedom of speech in the way that the Administration is like hijacked the media and everybody's under enormous Dorescent can say this and can't say that and we're all getting joist You know, and it does have significance today, but you would definitely not enjoy the significance is is good But the movie needs to be you know a little entertaining here and there Like I said we don't want you to watch it. Oh, and SUV plowed into a something there I just missed the end of it and then Mrs. Limbal came back on my screen. It's a 1023 a Q. I am This is moving The Thank you. And I was a story on there. First of all, let me ask you this Josh. Is my inner come out working anymore? Because I'm sitting here screaming at people at various times. And nobody's response. Well, right there. The microphone was open during that break. And I'm hearing all these. I'm screaming at the other company. Somebody's mic is open. I can hear somebody in the National Team back there. What happened to be in the main studio? So I guess I guess something was on there. All three of my people are off in here. Yeah. One of those mysterious things I guess. So those were coming to us. It was just coming to like the ceiling or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They were just doing. They were speaking the, maybe it was coming to the Mizzosa on the door frame there, which isn't even helping much today. What was that? All the part of the TV was being said, who was only a screamin and carrying on? Who was that all about? We're allowed over here. Well, dummy up. Yeah. Talk over the commercial. God only knows what kind of swill you were a spewing out. Who knows? Yeah. He's like, body wash. Now, we're going to need a lot. We need to build that pull ball here to it. We'll eventually get to it. See, I didn't put like a brand of body wash because that would be ridiculous because it's like, like I said, yes, it is like 85,000 different brands. Just body wash generic. I mean, some of the other ones are a specific brand and then that one is like generic. Although the Hagen has been and nothing. You see what that into inside? I'm 11 people of order for that. I even vote for that. I vote for Nuchugina. You are. You started the ice cream craze. Yeah. My start of the fish would think would be in a juries and the bagel bites and the Volca burgers and now onto this, the banana nut, which will kill you by the way. It is the most addictive flavor of, I don't know what there is about it. And when I read that article about cinnamon helps with the blood sugar, which is a crocker crap by the way. That's the only. But so what I did is I went out and bought a bottle of cinnamon. You were believing that for a while. I was. And then I started trying to eat and cinnamon toast and of course that's all carbs. You know, the bread you can't eat bread when you die. But it can my filter was skyrocketing. I thought, why are you a maniac or what? Yes. Well, first of all, what am I eating ice cream for in the first place? When you got diabetes. But then I started to sprinkle in the cinnamon. You'll have to put the banana nut in the microwave for 99 seconds and temper it to a nice soft texture. And then you sprinkle as you're eating it, you sprinkle a more and more cinnamon on there. And boy, does that go good with that banana nut? Just a good combination. Hey, wait, stop. Stop, please. No, that's bad. Okay, let's start with this. It's a fish line. And Miguel is there today, but you know, something if I read a whole bunch of stuff too bad, you know, I would wonder you like it or not. I don't care. In fact, you can go commiserate at 155. Go in a hallway and commiserate with your buddy out there. And oh, he does his read the newspaper all day. Bye, bye, bye, bye. Sort of a bitch. You know, you can go commiserate with him. In a meantime, they just see what I think it is, Josh. Now, maybe that microphone Swiss that button there in the where you're sitting. Well, who knows what it was? It had to be maybe you was, I don't know. I'm trying to tell you that they haven't fixed that switch on there. And as we thought, you never know what it was. Well, it wasn't my studio because you were talking. I would have heard you because I was in with Miguel sitting in there talking to him. You were in with Miguel doing what sitting on his land. What what is this all about? I was talking. It was a commercial. Yeah. We were talking. Well, not a very long one. That's why they're quick chat. Right. Yeah. Oh, brother. Elmer says first of all, happy birthday. Best wishes may Tom Willing a Johnny Deb not on you to this weekend. Oh, yeah. Also like to suggest online banking to your pool and not do sure. That's good. It's a product that the bank sells online banking. I use it to one thing. And it also says it's so can you play the ol' in the body. And boom. There's a quote result from yesterday. 14 every 74 vote. Now we're happening a lot of votes today because it's a building pool and by the end of the show, maybe we will have enough items on there. Yeah. Something you can relate to because we only got like five of them on there so far. And there's only 62 votes. Although 36 35 votes for body wash in the last couple years. Well, of course, because now Miguel, you don't use soap to your please don't tell me you're still using soap. I use the combination of the two. What does that mean? I use the body wash and then when I run out, I go to the soap. With the body wash, you lose a lot of it quick. See, you don't know how to use it. You lose a lot of it quick, you know, because you refuse you're like, you refuse to get that squeegee thing. Not happening. Well, you're wrong. You're absolutely right. You know, there's no, you might as well just flush the body wash down the toilet. Well, that's open up the bottle and flush it down the toilet. You're just showed all show the whole thing down the shower drain. I'm telling you, when you get this squeegee, you get a real masculine one. You know, like pink or something. And I'm telling you, right, when you're smeared on the air, you close the bottle up and you won't, and if you you get to know how much you put on you. And the last for your whole body, I'm telling you, even you're, you know, right. I agree with you 100%, but it's just not happening. Well, why not? If you can, in other words, you have to prove your masculine in your house with your wife and your children. You have to prove your masculine into your self. Well, I can understand being a senior ethic background. I don't understand. And anyway, all you Julios out there, yeah, don't drop the body wash. Who knew I should become prey? You're just, seriously, you said just a, so it's said you need a good shrink. You really do. You need a long shrink. Apparently, of the previous two. Why is that? Well, that's the conversation we were having. Josh has the same problem. It runs out too quick. And you're a dual three of you. Yeah. You find the body wash. I got a good system. You don't do it with your hand. I'm talking about the body wash, okay? I do it with the hand. That too. But I do it with hand. I don't want to get into it. That's not the way to do it. Okay? That is not, believe me. When I first started using that, the same thing. I didn't even even me, even at old Queen like me, I wasn't going to get some poofy, whatever the squeegee. I am telling you, that is the way to go. You'll, you'll ask you to say, it's like a mish thing. It doesn't even look like one of those silly feminine things. It's like a mish, a thing. It is not. Oh, God, there's something so wrong with you guys. See, the only people who would have a problem with that are people who have a very serious and a guy and both of you guys and George. I mean, McGeele, I can understand. He's so damn Cuban. It's disgusting. But I mean, that's, you know, it's in your, but Josh, what? We know you're shacked up with that hot chick there. And I'm not worried about you, even though you were August because you were kind of a show. If you're going to end it, I mean, look, what is the point? The point is, I'm okay with the way of water. You're not. I can, you know, you're wasting it. You're just for your spill-a-want. You're making a big buck now. Guess you must have got that big raise. Yeah, I don't think so. Yeah, raise this. So he's still doing it with the hand. That's bad. Who do you wish we had become president now or past? 1474 votes, Al Gore, 478. Bobby Kennedy 382. Oh, we need you, badly, Bobby. Hey, Bobby. Who do you, and if anybody really believes that Sir Hans Sir Hans, you know, there's another thing in the work in history. They recovered ever get how many bullets from the wall or an appendry in the hotel or an LA, but it was more than you'd have gone hell than he had. You know, but don't give you a while. I must have just they must have been there for a long time. You know, I'd give me a break. Sir Hans Sir Hans and Lee Harvey Oswald, my ass. You don't screw the mile. You don't cross the mob and live to tell about it. I'll just remember that. Keep that in mind. That's what John Corley on said. John McCain 222 even went at Big Puppy cheek. He was on last night and I'd turn it off right away. John Kerry 125, Mario Cuomo 73, Ted Kennedy 63, George McGovern 33. Wow. I George McGovern is against I'm I show many times he was more sighting than Iro win bag and he was coma inducing George. You know, it was really embarrassing. I got it to this one time I had him on on the phone because I had him on a few times. And I don't know why but instead of calling him Senator, I kept calling him George. Which was very disrespectful. No, I, anyone keeps calling me Mr. Rogers. Which, and I, and never dawned on me at the time, but in years later, I realized he was doing it's our castry because I was being so informal with him. And so I called him George. He called me Mr. Rogers. Oh, shame on you. Yeah, I was bad. I apologize for that George. You're still boring. And I was 232. Nelson Rockefeller 26, you were having 24 and Michael Little Michael Doofac is only 16. I'll read a little a little win. Well, let us think with a body wash. This seems to have opened up. I may have to do a separate poll on that on Monday. Since we have a primarily meal audience, there would have changed. Somebody says the Cheney butterchene. So, okay. Thank you. That's a good idea, especially right now. I'm on a tree. Now let me just give a little suggestion here. Okay, please, please. Those of you who've got your power back, or even if you don't have your power back, if you're going to be chopping trees down in your yard, we have a good idea to make sure that they don't like go plop and down like a big limb onto your power lines. Make sure that they fall in the opposite direction. I'm saying that's always good. Yeah, good idea. Because if you like certain not going to lines down again, your whole neighbor is going to be really pissed off. They're probably coming in lint your ass. It's official proud schools reopen on Monday morning. It's official after the longest shutdown in decades, Breur County Schools are getting back to business. It says the district will reopen as students Monday after two weeks of canceled classes, superintendent Frank Tillon, says morning. Teachers in all 262 schools told her before to work at 8 a.m. today for prayer for classes next week. Tillon is staff also returned there for learning how headquarters yesterday. His cruisens told plywood over dozens of holes where her camel has popped off windows. That school had more childcare lyrite on Sunday. Now you thank the government. I'm sorry. The boy holds gold, God bless him. You're fine. And you're going to enjoy it. That's just nobody ever can't do this to me. Or you're going to enjoy it, boys. Wow! For the story, boys. I'm going to enjoy it, boys. Oh my gosh. Hi! Now, I'm a little bit lost. we had to bring this out there. quickie breaks this hours at it. No, no, I just put those together so you got one moment. So, mental uno. Okay. The other thing is the reason we had that problem before, I guarantee this is that in the studio there where Miguel is sitting in his bed, I say that the microphone switch, you know, over the way it's on or off. See, you know, it's great that our other light works. Will you listen to me? It works, but when you shut it off, it's a lot of times it's not off. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Yeah, we've had that problem before, many, many times. And what I was starting to say before you open up your recruitment mouth is that our operations manager and our program director between the two of them. You know, it's nice coming in and showing me that we had a nine share in man and all the stuff. That's a real nice e-go booth, but the fact that a matter is it would be a lot more appreciated. And in fact, there are all these years now. And I mean, many years that we've been preaching about that, you get some engineer and that place to go into and fix the buttons on that board so that even though I'm not there, that George might get since he sits in there all the time and anybody else sits in there would know what a mic is on it off. I mean, in broadcasting 101, it's a good idea to be able to know if your microphone is on or off. I know that really stretching a lot, especially at this place, which is far from a real radio station, but there will be a real good idea is to see if maybe an engineer in there, like a two o'clock would be good or even now, would be good. So that they can replace the bulb on that thing or there's a short, whatever the thing isn't at pot and fix it, please, would be nice. There's other pots on it on that board that we don't even ever use. Never. So if it's the pot, they can replace the pot or they can just buy some from the cheese sun, which again, I apologize we have the wrong numbers on its story. We'll get to it. Okay, here's today's poll. It's so damn frustrating. It wouldn't put a clock in there when the other clock may have a listener bringing a clock for that studio. It's just pathetic the way we get to hose in that place. You know, it's wall. You're got these big numbers, congratulations. Happy birthday that. Take your happy birthday and you can congratulations and stick a mind. Do something for us for once in your lives and get that place working again. The most slipshot, slot, bunch of slot mice is ever seen in my life. Anyway, here's the deal. What's the best product you discovered in the past couple of years? You bought or discovered? I'm assuming if you discovered it, you bought it. And we've only got a few of mine because we, you know, I got another fish to fry here. I got some info to pass along and it will get to it. Okay. 89 votes. Body wash 36. Targeted by banana not ice cream 14. It is so good. It's of scene. Online banking 13. No, Trigina. We're talking about the body emotion 12 man. It's like a miracle if you got dried cracked flaking spin and even like hey, go on outside of the house because people look at you like, oh, fully, you know, this stuff is it's a miracle. Chainsaw 7 Toyota pre-is hybrid 4 and the flavor wave I've been 3 now. That's good. I mean, maybe those people don't watch infomercials, but you don't have to watch you infomercials. You can go and do a Google on flavor wave deluxe and you can buy that by the way from a whole bunch of different places. You can save a few bucks on it. But man, that is one of the most fabulous things you'll ever buy. You'll use it every single day. Yes. I just can't imagine not using it. Anyway, let's see. Here's the FPL numbers from 6 a.m. this morning. Do they have a 10 a.m. no, of course not. And we got a story where there are other, I got some new information from them. No restoration nearly done in northern Palm Beach, St. Lucy in Martin. We don't care about St. Lucy or Martin counties. And we honestly don't care about North Palm BT because they can't hear us screw them. Oops. Maybe we do have somebody in North Palm Beach. You think? Probably not. Broward County has a six this morning. 660,000 Twitter to memory stored. But 11 days after Wilmo went blowin' through 202,500 including the poor George Rodriguez who still sick as a dog him and his whole family. There's still in Hidden Goz generator fumes. 202,500 in Broward. That's a fifth of a million people still out with no power. 11 days later in Broward County. That is totally unacceptable. It's a scandal is what it is. It's outrageous. And let me say it again. If it took if you got 17,000, you brought in like a few more. You should have had 40,000 people working on this job. Because it's unreasonable further. This expectation that people are going to sit in on their ass and their life isn't really in fact together again for weeks and weeks and weeks after a category three hurricane. This wasn't Andrew. It wasn't a category five. It wasn't a category four. It wasn't even Katrina in the Gulf. It was a category three. It was nasty. But a true result wasn't what it could have been. Man, you talk about totally unprepared. Unprepared. They counted 780,000, 200 and 170,300 still out almost 200,000. And in Palm Beach County 594,000 to 100 restored and only 69,000. Now, let me just tell you this. According to this list, they put out themselves. There is no body in any other county in the state that doesn't have power. Not even one person according to this. Not one. Zero is if it he do do. 444,900 households in the state are without power and they're all in Broward, Vade and Palm Beach in that order. A plague on FPNL. Okay, a plague on you and your house. Let's see. Here's the fact it says. Good night. Good luck his fantastic. So for nobody in South Florida, especially those who are afraid of bodywars. Excellent. Thanks. Thank you. What up, bunch of horses, man. Just a little pad. That's also just a little like an island. Oh, God. And your smear, your you're you're you're you're moistened under the the shower. Your smear your stuff on there. You put the bottle away and you got enough on there for your whole body and then some. And then maybe if you want to do like a little extra cleansing, then that you can handle the hand part. What do you like? Oh, man there. Make sure you got everything nice and clean and sanitary. It's pretty sad day when you got to tell adults how to take a shower. This is pretty sad. No, I'm all free you guys. And then the best part of it is I'm supposed to be the screaming faggot and you guys are like oh, so afraid. What are your afraid of? You're afraid somebody's going to know. I'm going to send you each of pink one. How's that? I'm going to go about off that extent to the station. I got a gay green one right here. I just, you know, what's gay about green, okay, except for the leprechauns? What's gay about green? Is nothing gay about green? See what you just got through saying that's what you're afraid of. If you're not a great person, if you're not, it's going to make you get it. That's what does it. It makes you gay. In fact, you got an eye. Her, here you guys make it a lot of noise there today and room before and that's what was going on. So now yeah, that's what was going on in there. It sounded like an orgy in there for Christ's sakes. I'm screaming. Let me ask you it seriously. This is my inner-com work. It's very, very low. Well, why? Why did you crank it up so you can hear it? That's the idea. Here's the thing. I can't. You can't. What? That's another, engine. Another technical piece of it. That's the way we're going to be saying that I have it there and up and it's like a whisper like a Josh. And, you know, I'll hear, I got to turn everything down in here for for me to hear you. Well, that's great. Another engineering piece of craft that needs to get fixed. Duff and clunk, whatever your name is, Clarence, Clarence? God, are there a couple of quizlings? Oh, you're so good. I don't even hear I'm so good. I know I'm so good. Okay, I've had eight billion of these damn ratings and you know something aside from the bonus on here, you can take it and wipe your ass with it. We want some work done in there. We want something to show that you care about this show as opposed to always treating us like the odd man out. I've got some duff uses body wash and I guess you hear it and that's why they've muff. But he's got it anyway. Here's one. It says the internet's hookup eight work and oh yes it is. There's no way. Let me just take a look. I know that's a bunch of crap. No, it's drop out. What? No, there's zero drop outs and I can tell what it's working on. I can go on here on the stacks and I can see if we got some people listening online. Let me take a puke at it. Okay. I don't believe your facts, your full of it. No, it's just like it always is. So you're wrong about that. It says try oil is the weight oh, oh, lay body wash combines nutrients you need to like stuff with soap. Well, I got so many different kinds in there. I do have a lot of the soft soaps when we were saying yes they use the soft soap. Yeah, yeah, get the green one. No, I got the honey one. It's called milk and honey. Right. We'll go get your 20th bottle and yeah. The green. That's the honey tool. Yeah. Okay. Well that's everywhere. It's very common at soft so it's okay. It's not my favorite right. My favorite is when I was about that day, the I don't remember what it is now. I'd have to go in there look at the bottle. Let's do a whole show on body wash and clean up this damn town. Anyway, here's a fact from PRR Ralph. Me would be 100 me 101 so I can remember the great shows I've heard you do. Cause in last 18 years I started listening. You've had great shows, mobile guitar gifts start pouring in. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. As a birthday gift we got a studio that's fallen apart that nobody will fix in there. What a bunch of slackers. That's what most of the people that building are. That's why I'm glad that I'm not there. It's not that I dislike them. It's just that they're slackers. You know, they just thumbled their way by. Some people achieve greatness in life and other people just achieve what they try to and that's media equity. It says enjoy your birthday. Hope you get everything you want. We're going to get our land to it and we can't go. I'm doing this fine. Let's see. Here's some more facts. It's happy birthday Neil. It says even my homophobic husband uses the mesh. And this is it. The mesh buff. That's it. It's a mesh thing. It's nylon. Man. It's not like some head of a little girly thing. Yeah, mesh this for his liquid soap. I however use liquid soap along with my bar soap for my privates. The mesh is a little rough. No, I wouldn't allow him. Whatever. It's just for your full-how about the internet. Okay. The internet's good. There are people. I did always there little slow better late than ever. Like Hank, if he lives long enough, he'll start using the internet. I feel so bad about that. He's missing out. Especially a sport. A gambling fanatic and a sports fanatic. How can you not have the internet? Right. Get it all done right there. Oh, man. It's just the possibilities are endless. Here's Bocabom says, Listerine Pocket Strip's Fest New Product. Now you were telling me it was at your George like, yeah, you're like making, oh, I mean, I'm not a big fan of men anyway, but those things are vinyl and either. Are they brutal? Like to make a cry. Like you're original, Listerine. You know, I have now there's a new green Listerine that doesn't have supposedly. It doesn't have that awful taste of the original Listerine. Yeah, I have it. And it's for ginger by ginger by this. And of course being in that effort. I've got that whole thing. I see they out. I had ginger by this. But do you? No, I say I don't have ginger by this. Yeah, yeah, I'm working on it. No, but I do have my one, when I get my teeth clean, they bleed a little bit. I think that's from my diabetes. Maybe. But anyway, she gave me the, I got a real good dentist here now. I'm kind of like switching all over, you know? Like I said, go less I'm there, the better. Just keep it legal and stamp the passport and I'll see in a couple of months. That's it. In fact, my visits there are like shorter, shorter and shorter, three days here, four days there. That's enough. That's more than enough. Okay, here's a little very jackass says. Okay, well, let's get somebody's products on the pool and then we can go to all this important stuff. Okay. Does any QAM? Hello. Moist, at why? Moist, at why? If you have all believed me, then by the case. Does any QAM? Hello. I'm Neil. Happy birthday, sir. Thank you. I don't understand the problem with the body wash. I just get my biggest fluffy face cloth and that ladder's up. There you go. But definitely not with the hand. I always doll of it. No, the hand doesn't work with the hand, but it's just, it's because the texture of it, it's just like slides off your hand onto the shower floor and that's in down the drain and goes. I guess when you're loaded like Josh and Miguel and the George, you can afford to do that. I get happy birthday, Neil. Thanks a lot, Pally. You know what? See? That's not, that's not, how it goes. I mean, it's not how it goes. Right on the drain. No, that's not how it goes. You got to be smart about it. If you figure out how to do it, why? Well, but I'm telling you, there is no, there's like why do I like that guy? Why do I want to use a wash cloth scrub in the same places every day? Like what am I going to have to buy a new cloth? The wash cloth is absorbent unless you're and your hand unless it's abnormal is not. Okay, your hand is not absorbent. Your hand is a smooth surface. It slides right off of it because you'll notice that most of these body washers are kind of slippery. They have a certain kind of texture to them. Yeah, but even with the wash cloth, we're at the start up, you have to use a lot of it. How would you know? Because that's what I've tried with with the wash cloth. Well, go get you a must. I don't want to use that must. You're fair. WKOM. Hello. Hey, Neil, happy birthday. Thank you. Hey, like an FB and L, I report. I just saw about six B electrical trucks coming down south on the terrifying from Jackson, Mississippi. Yeah. I guess they totally are. How do you know, I'm here with a coming from Jackson, Mississippi? Well, it says the name of the electric company is that you have to miss. So yeah, they're on their way to help out up the ML. Okay, well, they better floor it. I'll tell you that. Thanks for the good news. They're on their way. Help us on a way. Okay. Just take a deep rest and that's it. That's the end. During the break, I'm going to go in there and give my little scrubby thing. You do that. I am. Am I as pink, by the way? I'm sure it is. What's there vines in me? WQH is the one they had there. QAM. Hello. Hi, good morning, Neil. When is the happy birthday to you, Martin? Thank you. Thanks, and there is a body wash that is very expensive, but he's super good. You got a lot of money. You come by her, I'm loaded man. Her meat. Yeah, 30 dollars a bottle. But 30 dollars a bottle. Yes, yeah, but it's very, very good. What do you call it? What do you call it? Weakie. That's what I can expose. Isn't it? It can be. There's all different kinds. Yeah, no, don't throw it around. But this is the one I use. It's a nylon thing. It's a nylon sponk. Yeah, sure. Right. When you finish, you watch it. Exactly. That's exactly why we. When you're finished doing that, you put it under the shower. You squeeze it all. All the body the soap goes out and you put it back. Exactly. Exactly. Where you would put your soap or nearly a stick it on there and there it is. How is it possible that anybody can live as long as these guys have look at what we got to instruct them how to take a freaking shower. Is there a hope for America or a one? No, listen. I hope you can find a article about Mr. Tomlison. The final we got out of National Public Radio and I got it. Oh, okay. I hope you read it. I'll let me tell you a couple of days ago you spoke about the meeting. Miguel, you know. Sir, the third pandemic, the the undies beach, the Mr. Bush, did you know about this? Is the politics of fear? But let me tell you, we are. We have a pandemic and you have a state. Is a political social, economic and ethical pandemic. That's so important. Correct. Yes. I do know something is caused by the Turkey in the White House. Yeah, there you go. It's just in time for Thanksgiving, man. I hope the book of Brian can do something with the pandemic under Turkey in the one house. Yeah, he can do something with Turkey. I think Jerry Butler wants to do something with it in the movie too. Let's ask the K. M. M. He doesn't make a problem. Are we going to continue closing? Yes. And closing. Even this situation with MPR and PBS got to solve Florida. The lady that is in charge of the university on radio stations in Miami is now in the border of the record on WLLR. And Mr. E. Bauer, who was a chairman of the public, Mr. Miami. Hello, Mr. Mano, P.P. and. Oh my god. That's for for for a change. Yeah, take that and stick it to the police. Okay, say goodbye. Goodbye, my friend. We've been urged to fix this. Is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your friend. You're watching the new PBS. Now beholden to George W. Bush, Huzan and the highest. And creator of all things seen and unseen. Two better serve our glorious leader. We had Bill Moyers, removed and shot. And so all 10 burns and Jews in New York documentaries. You'll be pleased to know that we have replaced them instead with Michael Matt Bedend, Carlson Tucker, on Tentany with Spidey O'Lood. Your mandatory donation to the RNC of $1,000 or more will give you your choice of a tote bag or an authentic forearm tattoo. If you don't like it, PBS you. It's 11 or one at five, 60. Nobody can. We got the mold monster. Howard David, the pizza thief, it's who Jim Mandage. Who doesn't have her finds it says, four or seven? Have you heard? They're out. Well, I'm why does it say here, who doesn't have her find? That's whatever he's in the world. Well, it's just another example of these guys. He just can't get the schedule right. They won't get our buttons pressed right. They're just too busy. Did it run around running my big shots? You know? You don't think it also about what you're thinking about Howard and the Curtis and Leonard seven. I've camped on a 10. Yes. About why I'm thinking why maybe Howard has no idea what he did. Like when I did that, maybe he would have thought it was funny. But I'm thinking maybe he has no idea. Because when you said that on the air, he was in the United States. When you said what he did when he took the pizza, he was in New York. Right. So like to him, he might not even know what's going on with that. He knows what's going on. Believe me, the two guys evidently were upset enough that there was in the kind of an issue made of it. He knows what's going on. He knows what he did. But again, that is a good excuse because that's a standard excuse. He did do not. And you know, he didn't do not. Just like, I will now see your starting again. I got two more hundred stuff here. No, yes you are. Yes you are. You're the he's going to come after your ass next man. I'm telling you that right now. You are so far over the top. You're worse than Hank. Oh, okay. All these people try to like inspire me to go after the most personal buddy to mold myster. Who I even had you, but you wasn't here right now yesterday. I was the guy. It's a let's have a piece of offering our from some nice pizza. He did up in a microwave and going to offer my slicer to exactly. And I was my idea. And I did it for a comment. Well, guess what if you don't want an hour to your mama. That's my response. Okay, too bad. We offered you a mama. I've tried over and over and over and over again. And I grant you the one time he did try it under in the park. And not if he told me to effa off and the effa ground I walk on and there were just the started going hysterical. And he did make that one effort. I went in the last, it less than one day because when he started it on the beast the next morning, I thought to myself, this man is just in constant it when he's got to be a war with somebody. He can't function. He's got to be a war with a world. Well, it's kind of hard to function inside a place of business when there's somebody in it who's always at war with everybody. So I'm glad I'm not there. Anyway, I looked on, oh, here's the story. So you got me thrown way off colder, which is good because it kills him good time. The story that our Amigo was talking about and I moved it up in my pile and on or him. Because I got and I actually brought my thing in here. I got my thing. You're a group of. It was just been a grip on your soap, which I think, well, they have a website. L-E-A-F-A is the brand name, leafa.com. And you visited that website, having you. I just did. Okay. Just now because I had no idea what to brand. Who would look at the brand name when you buy something like this? It's just one of those things. You know, when you go to a drugstore and on the end of the week, you're out, they have a few things hanging there like odds and ends. Well, this is one of those things where they have all the body washes on the hooks, on the counters there, they have a bunch of these. Because it's a kind of thing when you buy your body wash any normal person would also buy this to apply it with. Is that right? And he personally was an all uptight and where they everybody's going to think there's some kind of a queen. I first heard this story and I'll get to my leafa. I even bought in some of my down under naturals. Now I'm telling you, okay. Look, last one you want. Did I turn George out of that St. Ives that whatever that one is, the orange stuff with the beads in it, he's obsessed with it. He's even drinking it probably right now. It's can't hurt in his circumstances. Or he thinks, I know my body wash, Mr. Trust me what I tell you. I mean, I have much of a body, but I know my body wash. And I keep it squeaky clean. Doesn't help, but I keep it squeaky clean and the body, too. Anyway, Kenna Tomlinson, the former board chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, are accused by critics of trying to politicize public television and radio as resigned from the board at St. Ives today. Tomlinson and Republican quit shortly before CPB Inspector General Kenneth Kahn's was to publish a report after investigating his activities, including paying outside researchers to check public programming for liberal bias. Kenna Tomlinson, you've fasted you. Critics including broadcastes and congressional Democrats accused Tomlinson, are trying to advance his own conservative agenda in public broadcasting, which is supposed to be non-partisan. Details of the investigation have been reported. It also looked at the selection of the former co-chair of the Republican National Committee as CPB President, according to Senator Byron, Dorgan, a North Dakota Democrat. The CPB said both the board and Tomlinson believe there was in the best interest of the CPB, the corporation for P.B broadcasting, that he stepped down, just like Brownie Brown, who's still on a payroll, by the way, but he's got a hell of a nice suit. That he bought it in Northstrom's. Roll up your slaves, Brownie. Make it look like you're doing something. The board doesn't believe that Mr. Tomlinson acted maliciously or with any intent to harm CPB or public broadcasting, and the board recognizes that Mr. Tomlinson strongly disputes the findings and he soon to be released in special generals report the board said in the statement. The board recommended Tomlinson, they commended him for his legitimate efforts to achieve balance and object with the rise. The attorney's the way he's packaged, copying it, don't forget the board. I see, this originally was intended for a soap. I never realized that. Yeah, see how they're putting the soap in that pocket there? Holy moly rat, man, you see that? The soap stays in the middle for awesome leather. Usually, he could with leftover soap pieces too, so for those of you who are still using soap, don't forget about that. That's not what I'm using for. What you do is you take it and you smear your, you put it under the shower, you get it wet, and then you take and you smear enough. You cover basically the surface of it with your body you close up your body, washing your forget about it and then you have enough under it for a great shower and it shows the new lovely fake colors that's available in. There's the pink one that I got. It's available like in white and green and purple. All the colors of the rainbow. There you go, just about. What's not to like? I didn't even realize that till now's at that. You're making the bed and the mirror is, huh? You're making the best part. What's that when you buy three? You get the free hook. Oh, you get a free shower hook. There is the hook to get you to buy it. You get a free shower or a quickie by three. I'll put it this moment. I never realized that they opening there. The mid part is to stick your soap in if you're still using soap. God forbid. Don't use soap. Man, oh, it's just, oh, unclean. Unclean, even if you're the only one using it. I mean, there is hair in it and gotoing those, what other kind of creepy critters. Croma, the thing with a body wash, it's in a bottle, man. It's untouched by human hands and glands. It's pristine and clean. Fit for a queen. You don't say the body wash is good. Got it? Got it. I don't know why I have so much trouble selling that. Let's see so far and we'll get a whole much more on these if I decide to take any calls. 154, what's the best product you've discovered in past couple years? Body wash 45, online banking 38, the internet's 19, hog and dogs banana and not ice cream 17. Don't start. I'm trying to write now, do not start. Newtrogena 14, chainsaw 10, Toyota will plus hybrid 7 and the flavor weight, how about a wave oven only four? We're just, we're just not very effective in getting that thing there. Go on, you know? Hey, that's there. It's there well. Can't see your laws. We like it a lot. Your laws cooking the old fashion way. Now you're on T. I mean, I'm not even going to go into it. How many of you QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. This is Neil. Sounds like me. Yeah. Hey, I just want to comment on the body wash. The roof is definitely the way to go and for those homophones in the other room there, they could try a product called Ax E. Yeah, see that, ask body wash. Oh, it's great. I mean, it's got like, uh, happened to us in different frequencies and women love it. Yeah, all very mainly fragrances. Yeah, yeah, all very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very awesome. And so, it's for Barbarians. Excellent. Good. And, my, well said, Palai, thanks. So, this for Barbarians who are living in the distant past. So, let me ask you a question. That's one of the ones I meant to mention here. They might respond to all these different brands out there. Very small bottle though, the axe body wash. Is it really? Yeah. Well, well, that's good. And that big raise you should know, probably stock up on it. I get like all of different flavors. I start drinking it. WQAM. Hello. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. I got to say Axe is the worst body wash. Try something. No. It's so weird. It smells like, ax. Now, my dearest makes a good brand. Okay. And also, um, I had another, uh, point that I just lost it. Have a great day Neil. And you too, thank you. He's so whipped up about his dearest body wash. See, everybody in their brothers using body wash, but it's still a closet kind of a thing. We all, it's such a nice, a feminine thing. We all guys, we all guys got to use a real soap like lava soap. That's like tumis. It's like rubbing your skin with a rock, tumis. Every use lava soap? No. No, I for bid. You talk about rough and gritty. It's kind of schmitty lava soap. I got to use a real manly. I'll tell you one soap that you don't use as ivory soap. When my mother used to come to my house to take care of the dogs, when I'll be a win-win vacation, she always would replace whatever soap I had with an old bar white ivory soap. If there's anything that I despise in the world, white ivory soap is absolutely the worst. You ever, ever, uh, had the misfortune of using it? Yeah. It's like, you say, like, trying to wash yourself with a lot, you know? It is literally. Oh, fully. And it's just a whole consistency. And then of course, because it's like, we'll bright white. You get a hair on it. Oh, you want to just keep that thing out of window. You want to say it? I know what you're saying. It's one thing if you're like using our spring and it's like a little hair and there's somewhere you don't even see unless you're searching for it. Unless you're neurotic about such things. And why don't worry about where that hair came from? Love the Irish spring. I don't think it's okay if you're going to use soap, but it's so we don't use that no more. In fact, I wouldn't surprise me because all the other ones coast, coast, make some body wash. I have a little in the other room right now with a left in the bottle. A dial, just about every maker that makes soap, makes body wash because they realize that the soap is on the way out. That's right. Zest? That's right. Oh, and zest is good now. Have you tried that yet? No. There's three different flavors, man. Wait, versus zest is one of the best. Trust me when I tell you one thing about the zest is that the bottle is upside down. The label, the label is upside down so that when you put the bottle on your counter there on your little ledge and the shower of your putting it, it's just strange. You have to look at the way it's made very unique. But good stuff. It's on the cap. I beg your pardon? It's on the cap. No, no, the cap is on top of when you put it with the cap up and the, the printing, the label is upside down. When you go out and stock up on it, you'll see. Okay. I can't really frame it. Very jackass, right? I don't want to get behind you again this hour because I know we had a lot of trade-offs about, I mean a lot of stuff. What do we got on here for a trade-offs? I think we're going to start exposing some of those and some of the people in the building who are using the trades, you know? I know Greg has got a lot of nice suits. That's all right. Greg goes out and buys his own suits. Okay. He doesn't have to trade out clothing, all right? He could use a trade-out haircut though. Seven ninety the ticket rides a little very. Hey, Barry, you're fairy. Which trail QAmen they recently released summer ratings by a substantial margin. That's as close as he can come being the pageility is and saying that we want up their ass. Substance will margin my fat ass, Barry. We destroyed him. We demolished him. We wiped our butt with him. Okay? You've phony little piece of crap. The ticket ticket with its line-up Thursday and I'm saying depth of forth will shift from evening to morning's five to seven a.m. that's the kiss of death. That's like getting the pink 30-year-old wheel of fortune on the wheel. Starting Monday. The station planned that former New York talk show was said Rosenberg replaced the force from a to 10 p.m. but changed its mind instead promoted after an update anchor Kevin Rogers. Well guess what, Joel, you got the wrong Rogers on your station. That's your problem among many others. Rosenberg will begin at 7.0. You're as a villain and we can host beginning at 3 p.m. Saturday. We're being very cautious now we move forward with Rosenberg's 7.0. Alan downtown Brown said, hey Alan Brown, you've gone down. I would say you're going down. We already did it. They can't go down no more. Not much more. Rosenberg comes with baggage right the little Barry. He entered rehab and March route call and cocaine abuse and also his battle league gambling edition. Although he says he hasn't given in last couple of years he declined to say if one of his other revisions led to his not-by-twisty departure from the fan in New York. His downfall at the fan began when he appeared in a September 10 Atlantic City in Jersey Party for FHM magazine for Rosenberg writes a column. Rosenberg failed to show up for work the next state of Fiddler's duties on the Giants pre-game show. Rosenberg 38 contemplated suicide in March before entering rehab. Of course if you worked on the I'm sure you probably want to blow your brains out too. He said as abuses are under control but asked if they're completely in his past he said, anybody who says that is not being realistic. I would hope so. I'm taking the right steps. I've learned that there are certain people and places and things I can't survive myself with. Rosenberg who worked in South Florida in 1990s is a talk host on sportsline.com and the ill-fated 1700 the fan. Oh boy, lost his job on the fans down I'm a show and made when he said singer actress Kylie Minogue suffering from breast cancer won't look so pretty when she's bald with one breast but he kept his job as a midday talk host on the fan until the incident September. Several years ago the fans had spent in prison that Venus and Sirbina Williams were better suited for national geographic than playboy. The Sid that hosted the midday show on the fan was totally different than the I'mist thing he said when I was on the I'm sure I was always looking for a laugh where I've been wrongs I always expect people to understand it's radio and it's a joke if I heard anybody I certainly apologize he says. Good move over there downtown Allen Brown here on the right track. I have to just get for real on the same Sam's this is real r Desk 5 16 Friday you bear still everybody They supported All theiscover it Have a good love with I come And hold me forever but ever the time and the love Our own sin is preserved I  You're so high, you're a little high, you're a little too good. Stop it in the free season, walk me from Papa No, please. Okay, here's the time we went for our polices. How about portable generators? Ah, huh? Very timely and very good. Let's get that on there. Right away. But you're a lot of people out there, never use generators before. Oh, before Obama. And then it also says on here, nylon scruffies can be nearly hang from the shower head pipe after you rinse them. The shower head pipe. Yeah, you know, they got that little, like a vacuum ones do. My shower head isn't hand that little thing on the side. I don't know what they're talking about, but didn't echo out with knickers. But anyway, nylon scruffies, that's exactly the term I was just before. That's precisely what they are. Doesn't sound nearly as bad as like a, a puffy, a squeegee, whatever. I don't know, to loop whatever. Well, that's not high for now. So, isn't loopa? Yeah. It must be a Scandinavian thing, I guess, huh? Well, the two easing it like a sweet insurance or waging whatever it is, go out and buy some. They're like real cheap. Even Josh could afford one if he wasn't such a whist. I got one right here in my hand. Do you really? I'm not leaving it. Why are you not going to use it? They call this one just a net bath spot. Yeah, well, perfect. Okay. Well, that sounds like a masculine thing. Doesn't sound like a girly thing. So what's the problem? Why aren't you going to, why don't you try it once? Okay. Look, I'm not on to me. I'm okay with how I'm doing. I'm all right with it. Were you listening to me? I'm listening. Try it once. That's all over the weekend. I've done it in my life. You don't think I've ever used one of these? How long ago? A long ago. Before there was body wash, you didn't use them with body wash. She stepped a soap in there, didn't you? Yeah, that's what it is. You kept dropping it. He's got a kind of a hang up on it because he kept sticking a soap in there, kept falling out. And anyway, do whatever you want. Cam, just urging me to try it once over the weekend with a body wash. You'll see what I'm talking about. I know what I'm talking. I did it from personal experience. In big in it, I was like, spill on half this stuff on a floor of the shower because I didn't know how to use this stuff. Right? It's just easy as part. I'll save you a lot of that body wash. It's good stuff. You don't want to like spill it all down the shower drain. You silly goose. This leaf, I think, knows good to try. It is good. It's great. I ordered a whole bunch of my happens to send the station okay, passing around. I know somebody will take some. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't use them. I think it'll help a lot more in Canada. Maybe it'll help life goes single very as off his butt. The ones that Robert was always complaining about having to watch him do in the beast. You remember those days, don't you? Florida Power and Light said that it's restored electricity to 86% of the people lost it during Hurricane Wilma. You ought to be ashamed for the plunder of a little. We hate you like poison. Not the guys that are out there working their ass off. We're talking about the management types, the mismanagement kinds. Virtually all people on the west coast of Florida say Lucy and Martin counties and Palm Beach County, North of B. G. Boulevard will have power by the end of the day. Well, according to their six A.M. They already do. Except maybe some in North Palm Beach because Martin and St. Lucy based on what they're saying by this morning. Finito, they're all on. Anyone of those areas who still does not have electricity by the end of the station call FPL at 1-800-4-outage. 1-800-4-up yours for outage. The Wilma Restoration team is entity house by house pulled by a full phase of restoration, a very time intensive period. In many cases, polls are lines have been damaged and require clues to clear a debris repair equipment, often hard to access backyards FPL since the statement. Consequently fewer customers are our customers of restore daily than during the earlier phase of restoration, when bringing up substations in large main lines could restore services to thousands of customers. Here are the latest target dates for restoration in electricity and waste communities, and I could be wrong with this sounds like the same crap that we hit on yesterday. In Broward, the area west and south of I-75 will be essentially essentially be sure by November 9th, essentially. Not completely as a essentially, I have no idea what that means. On November 9th, which is next Tuesday, right? Right. Right. Right. No Wednesday. Wednesday. Like I said, next Wednesday. Indeed, Calineary, North-South West 8th Street will be essentially restored by November 11th, which is next Thursday, Veterans Day, Armistice Day, whatever we're calling it these days. Do you love what they would be Friday? Like I said, Friday. Well, Wednesday is the 9th and 11th figures would be Friday. Between south-west 8th Street and south-west 88th Street by November 10th, essentially. 9th, we beat south of south-west 7th and 9th Street. And what does that was how you talk about about south-beach and so hot? Is he living in a pasture? What? I don't know what he thought about. South-beach is a past-a man that neighborhood has changed in case anybody has noticed. And people are fleeing from there like it's got like whatever. Between south-west 8th Street and south-west 88th, November 10th, might be south-west 9th Street by November 10th. All areas of south-west 88th Street by November 8th. And then it goes on about, says the great majority of customers in these areas will have far resturbed well before the estimated date. And P.L. said, well before the company projects a completion date of November 8th for 95% of customers. That's next Tuesday. I'm sure I got that one right. Maybe not. Okay, here's what we got so far in our products. You've buttered trying last couple years that are really a damn good. The best product you discovered in the last couple years, online banking 56. How do you like that? Has moved to the top passing body wash? Like it was driven down the drain. Body wash 52. The internet has got 3rd man. Talking about it's been out of 18. I'm assuming most of us have been on the internet for more than the last couple years. Yeah. I'm assuming the stolen age. New Virginia, 50 and 60. And let me see again, the New Virginia body, emotion is so good. Even Josh, even a very, very nervous young man like Josh, admits to using to Schmerinett. It's great. It's great. You know, I've tried having to dry skin. I've expressed it in the winter timers. It gets out of the summer, you know. And I've tried every one of the skin creams that's ever been invented. I've tried the Ponzi cold cream, which is really a lady kind of a thing. And all the other ones in the tubes, the tube. No good. No good. Don't do a damn thing. In fact, the minute you shmared on, it's, it's, you'd write back where you were before, and he was. Because that stuff kind of like kicks up and it's like falling off your forehead. But this stuff, it's so excited. Your body absorbs it immediately. It's not greasy and it doesn't have any other order at all. It doesn't stink. And it's just, like a miracle. It just heals your skin. Fantastic. It is. Fantastic. So no, Trigina's right on Hagenau's ass. In fact, you want to show her smear some of that in your Benin on ice cream. Chain saw 10, Toyota, pre-is hybrid 8, flavor wave oven 5, and portables integrated so far of the first 200 got the big hit with it. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. Who's going to get a brickie of load? Oh, double y'all. Oh, I come from top to top, protect this twin, the guitar on 9th, Rob A. died in the easy and I race asphyxie, no big. Oh, Tina, don't put the blame on me. Does it come from my vacation for a photo of a tuna team? Swing your partner round and round. Now feel those swimmers who are in the water with sounds. It's them to go after the racquet. We don't. Swing a little mud top, though. She don't. Oh, Tina, I didn't know his people feed. Of course, it will be easy and I'll get it. It is for her racquet. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. It's not the count on FEMA Director of Michael Brown. What can Brown do for you now? Apparently nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. Longest America Coast. Between billion dollars has been allocated by the US government. But you've created so much red tape, the victims won't receive it to money, Brown. So Michael Brown, you know. With all his said and done, you will lose your job faster than you can say. E-colour. And if there's any justice in this world, you'll be calling the Houston after-don't home too. Free on the top now. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. You'll clipboard your stupid, may-gooseema shirt and your comover. You are our real American A-holes. Absolutely. But how am I suit there, Browning? It's 1132 and 560 WQM. I'm going to get some more suggestions for this poll on here. And then I want to look through these 85,000 stories I got. This week, the newspaper on here, I don't want to let my- What the- Down, down, down, down, low, Brown. Here's line nine, WQM, hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, have you birthday tomorrow? Thank you. First off. This was inspired by you and George's argument the other day about the Beverly Hill Bill. He showed it on the air longer than what it should have been. But a poll for next week. Something that didn't last long enough, a TV show that just didn't make it. That was good. I had a couple of two, where I stopped my head. I was like, tight-a-s, get a life along with Chris Elliott. Okay. There was a show called True Calling with Elijah Jews Koo. And movie called, show called Gun. And then of course, the one where they made the space movie. Yeah, boom. But one they made the space movie out of just recently. I don't know the name of the series of the shrunk. But that one too. And that's pretty much it, man. Okay, good idea. Thanks, Paul. Hi, take care. See, I've never done that before. TV shows that weren't around long enough. In fact, I'm sure that- See, one thing about the internet, see, if you go online, you can- and you got a poll idea. You can find a list, a starter list, and there were just about anything. Sure. Which is pretty amazing. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. I missed the show yesterday. Is no except the piece offering? No. There was no cross over any kind. Cross over. We weren't looking for a cross over. We were just looking for a little, you know, all of branch. And you haven't immediately eaten already. Who was in the hostile thing? You just said, no thank you. And I was either that. I see. I did do that one for the poll. Yes or no? He though. He was good. Excellent. Thanks, Pally. All right. Have a good day. Thank you. Tvo or any deviations there. All right. Tvr dvr dvvvd. Tvo is good. What a difference now. Of course, we don't have any spots. So I don't want to go into a whole thing about it. 560, 050, 560, pound 560. Well, listen, nobody's doing much of any business. I suggested that what we ought to do is do a dollar a whole thing. You know, quite that's, you know, they're doing that across the street on a regular basis before the hurricane. But, you know, I have a scratchable package for these four bansures after they're trying to put their lives back together again. And they let people know that the business is open. Things like that. But, I would only let's wave above and beyond. You know, I just mind my own business. I just did here. My own business and I can have our on for three hours every day into whatever it only wants. It's fine. It's a show. You know, and our engineering department can continue to make an all kinds of excuses. Of course, the problem with a button on that microphone, they're in all the other buttons on it. But long before there was ever any Katrina or will, or hurricane damage or generators keeping radio stations on the air or all these quality things. But that would be the excuse. That would be the excuse to sure. Well, our engineers have been like overwhelmed trying to keep our stations on the air. I'm not, okay. What would be next week's excuse, huh? We something else. That's because we're the low priority on the totem pole because no matter how if we had a 90 share, we don't talk about sports. And that's all that the management and the, uh, and clearance care about is a bunch of sports crap and silly guys that were around in prison outfits with jox straps. What could be more gay than that? Right, Ricky? You're fairy. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Leo. Yeah. Are you doing, are you not that reported that, supposedly was threatening our fatigue with a story? And then that's why killed themselves. Jim, do you like him or no? He's fat, not really, no. He's so annoying. You don't see BS4, local down here, rather like, they put him on like a, uh, and he really tight with a little bit of a, like, you know, like, they put him on like a, uh, and you really tight with a thing. Oh, no, no, no, no. What the hell? No, I hate him. He's a whole antig. And we got to get him off of there. Okay, I'm kind of work on it. I don't like him to feed it. Can't stand him any heat. Once upon a time, he wrote one good column. I think it was something about how the Harold used to be good. Now we suck and we can't afford to be good. And yeah, I'm surprised he didn't get canned then. And the weather or not, you agree on the Arthur T. O' thing, the him taping the ill. He broke the law. And of course, they didn't stand behind it because he's fat and grow pesks. So channel four footer money here because they don't have a Dave game anymore. We're Steve Stav, when we were channel six, I can't keep him straight. You know, was Dave game on who knows? Ever Dave game? No. Before your time, he made, he made Josh Friedman look like, uh, mini mouse like Miss Twiggy. That's how big Dave game was. That was before people started by the big screen TV. So, naturally, they couldn't fit his last on the screen out of fire as asked. Dave game. WDQA on Hello. Hi, and Goneel. Yes, sir. Well, happy birthday, first of all. Thank you so much. Also, yesterday show, I haven't laughed that hard with the whole mill pizza thing. And they say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right. The most thing. I think the last time I laughed that hard was when he had your crossover with him, although that was, that was unbelievable. And it really was. I can't believe you. I can't believe you're Greek to that or he's. He showed up there. He just, uh, he was just there, you know. Like I said, I had to take a shower afterwards. I just felt sorry. He had me too. I think that's why discovered the extra size of body wash. Well, it's, it's been a great show. And I just appreciate you making me laugh. Thanks a lot, Pally. Hi, you see, sir. I'm very good to. All right, thank you. Rowan official signed feds for slow ineffective aid to Hurricane Wilma victim. That's so little too slowly. That's what power leaders in Stormory victim. Say about the federal emergency response hurricane Wilma. That's because Brownie is probably getting a new suit and even Marcus who somewhere you piece of turns still on the payroll and the media aren't screaming bloody murder about this. You know, they reported the thing. They read some of the emails. Oh, this is really bad. And that's the end of that. You won't hear no more about that. But a disgrace. People are dying. People are walking. They're, they're, they're waving around up to their arm pits and infeces. The species of the species. They're in New Orleans. They're on rooftops. Try to get saved. And this guy's worried about, well, the S.S. An extra time for dinner. Where's he going to have dinner that night? And is he? Where's he going to place to have his dog board in? And, oh, God. Jesus Christ Almighty, you people in the media when the history of the world is written if there's still anybody left alive to write it. The media of this era will go down is the biggest bunch of horrors. The biggest bunch of sellouts in the history of mankind. You are a disgrace and proof it up putting. There's that Darren Kagan that I used to like a little bit. And Mrs. Limbaugh, who, of course, all she's so liberal. Yeah, right. How do you guarantee it's rubbing off? Can you even envision that? Can you envision him hop it on her? Oh, come on. Oh, I mean, I realize it's close to lunchtime for those of you on a diet. I think I just did you really good favor. Well, I have rolls and a TV, so it's not much better. Oh, my God. Rush Limbaugh, hop it on poor little Darren Kagan. That is disgusting. Grow test. Bell, man. So, enough to make you start popping off. She's by the handful. Well, let's give her that story in a couple minutes about the chiefs of son. We want to correct an error. We made it on the show yesterday. Sorry. Sorry. I want to correct a grievous error when we said that the Miami chief of police is a son. Team for John Timony that his son was arrested for trying to buy a hundred pounds of pot. And we are sorry. It was only 400 pounds. This is a meal ruggers. This is the first 16. But I've been never delayed and they've been all alone. We all need a Bush vacation. President Bush wanted a month long vacation. Increasingly extended periods of time. We all need a month long school. We intend to stay forever. I just got back to my world when to her. It's hard work. I've got a lot of scissors in the world. It's a... In a hard work. In a hard work. In a hard work. Read our skies. We get old. With everything going wrong. It's what any of us would do. He went on vacation. Hey. Moses. Man, that's one episode. But we have a lot of... A lot more work. We do. Now get back to work. All of my no-only really. Get your time off. Oh, I only get two weeks of it taking a year. I'm a little bit of a separate place. I've hosted an all-round room of song for days that we grow. Back to work, back to work. Work again! If you don't work, you're shit. You call out of any vacation. Oh, come here. I'll be my vacation if you don't work. No more, it's all in a round. I've got to get back to work. It's 15 Bill Nude. We got Moll Myster at two working for two tough hours. Two to four. And we got Mad Dog at Derral. I'm told for the seven. Curtis and Len 7 at 10 night. That's a good thing to, well, and to Ed Campland tent a club. No ball games, no pants or games. Panther's lost in Boston last night, 41. Didn't show up for that game at all. Here's one that said, and the Leafs lost it to Karolina. Nothing could be fine at the blow to the game in less minute and a half. Nice, gone boys. Not. Your dialogue concerning soap versus body. Watch has merit. How about brushing teeth with baking soda versus toothpaste? Whoop! Whoop! You can't stand that stuff. Yeah, they always used to say that toothpaste had all kinds of nasty crap. But like hot dogs. Have all kinds of, you know, snouts and, oh, am I going to stop eating the hot dogs? No, am I going to stop using the toothpaste? No. Anybody out there brushing with baking soda? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, they do have that baking soda toothpaste. Yeah, that's not bad. Isn't it? It's pretty good. I use a crest myself. In fact, I got the crest. It's got like three different colors to it. You know, it's very colorful. Not like aquifer. It's not that colorful. I use the mini breath strips. What is it? Colgate or something? Really? Yeah. Stuff that is, don't you remember, I read that article about how that stuff is going to keep you as close as cancer? Well, too bad. That's good. No, I know what you're talking about. I tried that. And then I read online about the Colgate as modern. And then there's another one. I've been to not say because I'm not sure if I know it was Colgate with the breath strips. Well, I got to use for it between all and the soap that you're using and the bad toothpaste that are in your body to can. But in fact, I wouldn't be giving away any of that pizza. Just keep it all for yourself. Here's a fact that says happy birthday in the 11th of the use since these day to days and 88th. So today's baby goes with the days. That was a show. That was a show on a real radio station. FM 100,000 watts right there in the middle of the dial. Kicked ass. We kicked everybody's ass. Me and the burden kept in Dave. We were doing it without much help, by the way, from PD Volder. You were sassin' you, lunatic. You're fairy. Can't imagine self-order radio without you. Whatever money you're making isn't enough. That's for damn sure especially all these damn trips to wood by. It must be a daunting task constantly keeping station ownership management and network colors in check year after year. Hope you were a thing. Wish comes true in a big way. Good health and good luck. I would mind one of the 166 grand jackpot on the dollar wheel of fortune tomorrow. Whenever you're an expert, they present, hey, you're people of wood by and if you're listening, okay. Loosen up that machine, man. Oh, man, too bad the beast is near today because you guys are in a slot experts. Josh hates slot machines and McGill. I don't know about McGill. You in a slot? I don't really gamble. Probably a good idea. Yeah, I need some money first. Yeah, there you go. But they sent out these monthly newsletters. I'm going to get it during the next break and read some of the stuff that the propaganda they put in. I don't want to say my good friends. He was by our liars, but you liars, man. And all the casinos, you're such bull crap artist. This is from Mark, a fellow heathen master from Hellenale Beach. Thank you, Mark. PS, the only force of the Zavishos I don't have five memories of the news updates by the pompous blowhard watercrank I want to be. Chuck Meyer. That was not a Zavishos. That was an IOD. See, as we get older, Mark, we get confused. That was not a Zavishos, never on Zavishos. Chuck Meyer. I can't just let him promote it as morning show a little more. He had a been a great star. Right. Good news, man. I just agree with that pompous blowhard. I think Chuck had a great voice. It was a good news guy, but he wasn't satisfied being a news guy. He wanted to be a big celebrity, which he was not. He was not. And they went to a Cleveland and he bombed there and I have no idea what he's doing now. Good luck to Chuck. You'll need it. Very says. Very says the best product in the recent years. Tivo. Did we ever put that on? I guess it's got 12 volts already. Once you start using it, can't live without it. I hope they make one for radio. Next one choice, Barry. And you're right. I use my Rogers cable up here. It's called PBR. I guess they're the Comcastles of DVR. Personal video recorder. And it's just, how could you live without it? I mean, you can be recording a couple of shows and you can be watching something else and you can, or play in one back and watch it in another one. And it's just great. Or follow us at NatureCalls. You just press the pause thing and you go back and you pick it up where you were before. How could anybody live without that? It's like we went from beta, which lasted about five minutes to VHS, which lasted a long time and that we've gone to this. I mean, I still have some. I still got two VCRs, no matter if I took them. No, no one. I got one VCR, I got two DVDs and two of them that were expensive. Samsung DVD that was supposed to give me much better picture because it's supposed to go to my Samsung HD TV set. No, no change. No difference. Because they still have to agree on the format for the HD DVDs, which is probably this as well the George didn't buy that set yet, Josh. Oh, sure, it's coming soon. Because you'd probably would want to watch network again, make sure you've been missing on the HD. Yeah, one of them they're going to get with it already. Okay, we go on and spend all this money to buy HD sets. And I'm lucky because I got quite a few HD channels here as opposed to a someplace. But nevertheless, but let's get with it already. Have you ever seen a sporting event in HD like a football game? Yeah, it's the most phenomenal thing ever seen. I mean, or a baseball game. Once you know, now the good thing of it is every Sunday, there are at least two of the NFL games that are in HD, at least two, sometimes more than that. Right. And that is just, even games that I don't want to watch. Like who the hell was the same Lewis playing the Rams played on Sunday? Jacksonville wasn't considering I have no TV. That's right. Well, I think it was a good game, too, as a matter of fact. And I don't care about either one of those teams. I mean, not even a teeny tiny little bit, not an eye, I'll order. And of course, the Pinkwoods game being at night that was on an HD. And you could watch real close up, close in personal. How they just gagged and didn't show up the first three quarters. I can't handle it. I got to give it up. Hollywood man. And of course, watching hockey on HDV is just a fabulous. If you like hockey, if you don't well, you people in South Florida forget about it. Hollywood man, thought on, caught his next agenda, right here. I've been trying to tell you people, if you're not adept, if you don't know what you're doing, no quote, and by the gas generator, are you going to be, what you're going to be, your last words will be. I'm dying out of the hand. That'll be it. A Hollywood man was taken to the hospital this morning after fire rescue work has found in breathing, but unconscious next to a generator inside his apartment. The unidentified man was founded 5700 Washington Street around 1045 this morning. According to Hollywood, fire rescue spokesman Matt Phillips, the man who has yet to be identified was taken to Memorial Regional Hospital, Phillips said he didn't know if the generator was running at the time the man was found. Carbon monoxide, pointing is killed several South Floridaans who left improperly ventilated generators inside near their homes following power on the gins from the hurricane. Most recently October 28, one man died to side of his taken the hospital with carbon monoxide poisoning after it left the generator running inside a home at 170 northwest 44th Street in near-field beach. If you're using a generator for the first time, here are some safety tips from your close personal friends at Florida Plunder and Loop. Generators must be placed outdoors in a well-fedulated area because they can emit carbon monoxide, which can be deadly. Use a heavy duty extension cord to plug appliances into your generator. Do not connect the generator to the home wiring system such as three fuse box or circuit breaker and don't see the recommended water listed on the generator. Don't try to run the air conditioner unless you're sure your generator can handle it. Which would have to be a pretty big heavy duty when the handle the AC, right? Yes. Yeah. See this is another thing. I think those people also ought to be part of this crash action suit that will probably be filed against FP and all people are dying because you can't get their power back on. They're dying over there. Are there storms? Is there raining cats and dogs like Tuesday and Wednesday? I don't believe so. Is there snow twitching? There's snow on the ground and sound Florida? I don't think so. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. All these songs and dance. About all those doing such a wonderful job. No, they're not. They're not. They blow. People hate you. Like, boys, no, to understand. This goes, you've got a monopoly. It doesn't mean that you can afford for everybody to hate you. People might start using candle power. They might start using solar. They might start to, they might just move because they hate you people so much. And rightfully so. Here's that story now about the pot probe. You ever put a problem in your pot? Not lately. You ever put some pot in your probe? Well, anyway, the Sun of Miami's police chief was arrested for trying to buy 400 pounds of marijuana from an undercover federal agent official said on Wednesday. Oh, my God. 400 pounds. The original story said only 100 pounds. Small potatoes. A court complaints said, Sean Timony 25, a filth at Alphi, a game the agent of Jim bag filled with about 450 grand in cash. That was the down payment. Authorities said that if ended as the son of John Timony who was sold up his police chief before taking the job as police chief of Miami, the younger Timony and Jay Sue Sue, I see you 23 of Benci, Pennsylvania, were arrested to take a spring valley hotel. Said Elizabeth Jordan, a spokesman for the drug enforcement administration in Manhattan. They were charged with conspiracy to possess and distributive control substance. Timony and Sue were being held an Albany for bail hearing today. John Timony was aware of the arrest and Miami police spokesman said, he doesn't have all the details and he's not going to come and here we go again, just like the fat ass governor, he's not going to come in on a publicly because it's a private family matter. Anybody else didn't he be thought. Can you imagine 400 pounds of pop, but it's his son. So it's a private family matter. Timony rose to the ranks of the New York Police Department to become a chief and first of it. Commissioner before we were moving on to Philadelphia and then Miami. He's well known in law enforcement circles and is often sought off by TV networks to come and on police affairs, but not this affair, it can be dangerous. He's mom's he ain't speaking. Here's what we got on the poll so far. Not our usual tremendous number of votes because we just don't have enough choices on our yet. We will or not. 292 votes. What's the best product you've discovered in the past couple years? Online banking 75. The internet 63 that are late to never. Bonnie was 63. TV 23. Targeted us. Vananamna ice cream 19. Woo. Newturgine is 17. Twitter plus a pre-issot. Why don't we keep saying plus pre-issot grade 11. What are those generators 10? Chain Soxin and the flavor wave of and sentiment they take. Chink. Wacenko only 5. What are we going to do about that? I think what we're going to do is minor on business. That's what you will say. We turn you onto it. If you, it's not that expensive. What is it about 100 bucks, 100 of course. I'm like that. Yeah, something like that. The only thing after you place was mine. So it was going nice and strong is that eventually you have to replace the, what do you call that? The line? Yeah. Call the. The line. I was going to say the. But I'm sure maybe once every couple of years, some life in it, and that can be that expensive. And other than that, about a minute, you just keep plugging away with it. Go online and read about it. Okay, we're doing a tremendous big thing. And hell of a lot better than your microwave. If you're trying to put anything like in tinfoil and your microwave and all the sparks that are sold. It kind of sounds like you're too aim signal. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-1 hour on Q8M. Oh, right. We've got some big frustration. Some big problems can go to thin-hand Asian nation. He's got the bounce-words that I'll do. We want your bad relations and actually we've got a real life. Because with your hesitation, say love to take our fights. The ones who brought the patience and the game was not chaste. The person in this station wants to stop with fake free gates. That's a hell of a mistake. No, there's no real need to do with no cover. Yeah, the practice is bad and no no deal with no cover. Yeah, I say no best best is to come and let just go. We might just regret. Do we know cover, yeah. Do we know cover, yeah. Do we know cover, yeah. Do we know cover, yeah. Do we know cover, yeah. Do we know cover, yeah. Come on, one is five. 60WM, Kianas Mas Macho, Ricky Martin, or Enrique Degrecious, my good-closed personal buddy. It would be a pull question next week. So anyway, here's my propaganda circular that I get once a month from woodbine. And they have a thing in here gaming myths. Okay. I mean, if you're going to, if you've got to rate the public, at least be honest about what do you have to make up lies? I'm going to read this to you. And one time or another, we've all heard at least one tip on how to beat the slot machine. For example, that time between certain times employing the level and crystal rise of winning. The fact is, now here, listen to this line. The fact is, every play on a slot machine has a random outcome and can never be predicted. Well, can't be predicted, that part is true. Here is some other common myths that have no influence of whether you're winner not. Last time the machine paid out, with the oppressed debutner pulls the lever, that part is true. The machine you choose, certainly on true, you like to play on true, past your future plays on true in the time of day on true. See, they, they put all of this out because they don't want to admit that everything is programmed by computer. I mean, anybody that's been there more than one, St. Cassino has got to know that. There are computers these things. They're not just going to take a chance on a random payoff. And the machine all of a sudden goes crazy and pays you like $50,000. And it's not going to happen. They're operated by computers and addition to which I'm top of that in their control room. Every casino has got a control room, a brain center, and they can go under computers and Josh being the computer expert wizard that he is. They can, they can put it on any program that they want. They run different programs. Sometimes machines are all unlike what I call slow cook. They're going to call them a mode or no cook. They're like any off position. Sometimes they get like really all honey. A lot of everybody around you machines paying 500,000. So this is a lie. This suggests to you that you can go into a casino, walk up to any machine and the chances of hitting something good at any machine at any given time are all the same. Guess what? No chance. If that would be the case, then how come this such a thing is a hot machine? Mine. How could they possibly be? And you see, even though you don't play them, you see that in the casino. Right? So how could that be? I mean, is it just the blind luck? Oh, this machine just decided to pay out all of a sudden? Or is it that it's programmed to hand a time in some machines that program very loose in some brief time? And if you catch a loose machine at the right time, it's going to pay like crazy. You liars you phony, you piss me off. I'm going to go there tomorrow with a scream at them and then I'll lose my ass. But this is going to be your goal. Huh? You continue to go anyway. Why would everybody? Why not? I enjoy it. Have a good time. I don't take money. I can't afford to lose. I got a few bucks. Of course I know it's a rip off. Of course I know I'm going to get raped at it. But every now and then you get lucky and hit something good. You hit a three or four grand online and you say, I'll ride. And if you're smart, you're taking your run out. You run out. You don't walk out. You give me the cash. You say, thank you. Have a nice day. Whatever credits you got and you catch those out. You run to the door. Race to the door. Got it? Got it. Why are we giving some good advice to there? What? Body loss advice? Huh? Tell them to get late. Labor with. Labor with. Labor with. Labor with. Labor with. I've got a lot of money. That's okay. If I ever want to be a place where I give another one is a gift. There will be plenty for more for me. God. These people are so slow. Ever try to cook like a steak in your microwave? No. Yeah. Or like a cornish hen in a microwave? Don't work too well. Ever try to cook a turkey in your lean meat grill and machine? No. You couldn't cook a breast in there. No, they actually have an extension thing. If you want to cook a turkey in your flavor way, you can't say how it would be pretty difficult. Yeah, not the one we got, but there's an extended. It's just another plastic ring. So you put a ring around your plastic ring around your thing. GOP Lee. Now I'll get all the stuff about the people who are pissed off at FEMA. I've got a lot of stuff here. And the new pool, the Washington Post pool. Every pool that's on pushes a popularity is so low they're saying pretty soon. He's going to be right in there with Alan downtown Alan Brown and Joel Finder. Oh, pretty soon his numbers are going to start beginning with it. I don't think anybody could get that low. By the way, Joel, we want to congratulate you on your tremendous midday programming in September and man your target demographic. You had a point five. I mean, what's the point? Why not your shut it down between 10 and 2? And in fact, 10 and why not your shut it down period? Man, oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, alive. In fact, I don't think they are the hour by hour. They had anything more than a one something during that month to September. I could I could whip that baby out. That month was working. Listen, I like I said I appreciate the numbers. But get help. Get what the engineers. Okay. Get something fixed for us, please. You know, these guys, they got some nerve. They said, I'm all looking at you. Got a dash here. But what did you do to? Well, what do you have to do with it? Okay. You know what I'm saying? What do they do? What did they contribute to this show? Nothing. Tiffany Duda. Didn't want to give us a half in hand or a clock on a wall. They have a microphone switch that works. And they're going on a bowl. Oh, you know, had an eye. And this one had a four. Great. And you guys are sitting there. You know, when you're head up, Greg's butt so far, it's coming out of his head out of his top of his head. And what do we can afford to get these in the haircut? Every 10 minutes start shaving the top of Greg's head. Somebody else's head starts popping up out of his forehead. Of course, they probably have to make room for Maddie Bell. And Robert Greeper. Hey, by the way, I forgot to mention you. Robert, you're an idiot. Josh, don't let me forget from it all on. Every day at least once we were in the show, we got to mention that. Okay, Robert, you are such a, oh man. All the other things, the fact that he can't speak in the fact that he's just annoying and nerdy. I could deal with that. But his obsessive right wing politics. Oh, my, my passion. I'm going to find it. Oh, get out of here. I said, yes, that they put some stuff in my DCS now. Open up the partner. It is. I want to buy our brushes. I want to fill 80. And she's, uh, very clients seeing you. We hate you, Robert. Okay. In fact, what we got for Robert next week is we got some poison pizza. How do you like that? Who's gonna offer that to it? Well, fine, believe me. How much if you make the right deal with Brad, Phil Handelett? Maybe we'll get to recent from Passenshek, put some of that glock of holy stuff in there. GOP leaders to Bush, your presidency is effectively over. This is a great story. Only we only wish it were true. A growing number of Republican leaders, party strategists and political professionals, now this is by a dark Thompson on the Capitol Hillblood.com, how it uses great. And political professionals, now privately tell President Bush that his presidency is effectively over, unless he fires in battle White House adviser Crowe Roe, apologizes to the American people for misleading country in the war and revances administration from top to bottom. Any chance it's gonna happen? No. The only show of unity we have now, the Republican Party is to believe that the president has failed the party, the American people in the presidency says a long time and angry pissed off to GOP strategist. With the public faces of poor, for Bush eroding daily, from even die-hard Republicans, the president faces mounting anger from within his party over the path that may well lead to loss of control of Congress. In the 2006 midterm election, then the White House in 2008, we can only pray. The presidency is in trouble, says the senior White House, said, even worse, I don't know if there's a way out of the trouble. Congressional leaders journeyed to the White House before Bush left on the South American tour this week to tell the president that his legislative agenda on Capitol Hill is dead, his latest Supreme Court nomination faces a tough confirmation fight in the Senate, and he's facing open revolt within party ranks. The speaker is having an increasingly difficult time holding his troops and lines as a source within the office of House Speaker Danny Hestered, angered the president gross exponentially with each passing day. At a recent White House strategy says, in turn, a party poll, third-told the president that is approval-fading with Americans continues to slide, and may be irreversible, citing his failed Iraq war, that fails to pin-coronomination of his buddy, Harry Edmires, and is favored to deal decisively on a number of fronts, including Hurricane Katrina, the economy, the Valerie Plains scandal, all of these things. In meetings, leaders and strategists have suggested number of things that Bush must do to try to save his presidency, and the European GOP prospects in upcoming elections, including a polarized to the American people, to Congress and our allies from misleading them on the reasons for invading Iraq. We've had to let House staff from top to bottom and far Carl Roe. We keep coming back to Roe, who's as a GOP pollster. He has escaped indictment, so far, but the feeling within the party is that another shoe ready to drop, and the longer he waits to get us in row of the greater the damage. As long as Carl Roe remains at the president side, the Bush presidency is effectively over, and he's just writing out today's until the nation likes to democrat to replace him, even with Roe gone, the damage may be irreparable. Bush, however, is dug as he holds in on Roe, when a GOP strategist last weekend, suggested that President Bush, by Roe, Bush exploded. You go to hell, he's scamed at the strategist. You can leave and you can take the rest of these little-lived mother-effer's with you. President and stormed out of the room and refused to meet further with any other party leaders or strategists. You can leave and take the rest of these little-lived mother-effer's with you, said, your president. Bush's escalating temper tantrums and his intransigence on political issues, increased Republican worries about the long term effect on both his presidency and the party's prospects in upcoming elections. Right now, George W. Bush is the Republican Party's teeth liability, says a GOP strategist, who's advice presidential campaigns for 30 years. Not 30, man. The entire political future of the party may be the nation now rest on the shoulders of a president that no one democrat or Republican believes in or trusts. How do you like that, Robert Creeper? You're quizzing you, idiot. You're fair. You smuck. God. What an idiot. But he's got his headway across the right foot, you know what I'm saying? That's why he's still there. Oh, George did set wrong. George did the sets on mad. I'm not seeing a George did set him. Robert's in the take. I heard nine times. Little suck-hole, man. And speaking of why I just read, more good news, Bush's popularity reaches new low. Every day on the one thing that they're different polls, but they're all consistently show that the ratings are low. Right, Joel? For the first time in his presidency a majority of Americans questioned the integrity of President Bush and growing doubts about his leadership. I've left him with record negative ratings on the economy on Iraq even post-war on terrorism, a new Washington Post ABC News poll shows. And almost every came over to your presidential character and performance of survey found that Bush has never been less popular with American people than he is at this moment, as I speak right now. Currently 39% of probably the job he's doing his president, while 60% this approved of his performance in office, the highest level of this approval ever recorded for Bush and Post ABC polls. Virtually the only possible bright spot for Bush and the survey was generally favorable, if not quite enthusiastic. Early reaction was led to Supreme Court nominee, error-amonged hearing junior, Samuel A. Alito Jr. Half of American salutation should be confirmed, less than the third view of Mr. Conservative. Of course most people have no idea who he is. Overall the survey on the scores, how several pillars of Bush's presidency have begun to crumble under the combined weight and events of what house mistakes. Bush's approval ratings have been in decline for months, but on issues of personal trust, honesty, and values, Bush has suffered some of his most notable declines now. Moreover, Bush has always retained majority of support on his handling of the U.S. campaign against terrorism until now when 51% of registered disapproval even on that. The CIA leak cases apparently contributed to a way withering to climb how Americans view Bush personally. The survey found that 40% now view him as honest and trustworthy, a 13-point drop in the past 18 months, nearly 6 out of 10, 58% say they have doubts about Bush's honesty. The first time in his presidency, that more than half of country's questions, personal integrity. And that's because the media has been sitting on their ass, while all these other books have been coming up by Paul O'Neill and by everybody in their brother, Richard Clark, and all the honest information we've had, from General Sonseki and from Hans Blix and Scar Witter and everybody else about no weapons, no WMDs, and Joseph Wilson about no way you're winning a yellow cake, all the other crap, and we're Michael and Godfather, three cake, you didn't see it. Even Miguel didn't see it. Three, I thought it. I think you're part in? I thought it. Oh, bad acting. Yeah. Well, I gotta say that. That's not bad acting, but still. Yeah, I'm very sorry. Great story about the corruption of the Catholic Church okay, and it's not interesting that they just re-open the story of the Vatican banker, what that was his name, Robert, whatever his name was, that supposedly hanged himself and it was a murder after all. He didn't commit suicide, the Vatican banker. Remember that when he's found him hanging from the abridge? Yeah, well, guess what? Didn't hang himself, he was moored by a combination of that. They're still investigating, but the combination of the mob and the Vatican. And of course, what's the difference? For 13, if you were to answer this, is Neil Rogers? This is 516AZ. Okay, I will. Yeah. Tomorrow night, it's the battle in Blacksburg, Coker, Bemer, Vic, Wright. Oh my god, that's deep access to the country. Esther versus Bemer, Paul. Ah, it's Miami and Virginia Tech, champion Jim hopes to come by, hurricane steam, these guys are coming to four. Think of it said for seven, 45. Presented by Bell Sound right here. I have one for you, five, 16. Two, eight, yeah. It's Friday, you, well, still. The White House and somebody to his studio, they said he'd get paid, they'd be plugged, bushes, plans on the radio. The A-Wide Openly Pay Ola. They walked up to him, offered 240 grand, to spin a few lights in a number of their waspayola. The B-Wide Openly Pay Ola. That's a lovely A-Wide Openly Pay Ola. And the B-Wide Openly Pay Ola. Well, the top three of this about the child left behind, and got taxed payers, cashed, cashed, cashed, cashed, new sky around as he collected the fee, they said he'd send a bucket of bush, Jamie, but long, strong way, and so maybe you'll die, and they'd rent, sing and drive, sing and sub-in, to pay, go over the top, the A-Wide Openly Pay Ola. The A-Wide Openly Pay Ola. There's an all-a-real sellout for you, literally. Anyway, just one more thing on his latest watch, and post ABC News, full out of one, go through all these numbers, boring. And he yells right, boring. I want to be reading from the newspaper, somebody amunition to start ripping his show, and we can't survive if he rips his show, you know what? We'll refer to it in a bunch of crank calls. The dissatisfaction with bush flows in part out of broad concerns about the overall direction of the country, nearly seven out of ten, 68% believe the country is seriously off course. Oh my God. Only 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. About 30%. The public figure is not to lend us 50% of the matter of opinion and all the other things. But yes, the public figure is lost on this, and then it becomes a small concern. because your biggest interest is through an idea of a part of this. Where are you with it? need to get some more things on our pool. Yeah, we should. I mean, and this is one of those building pools that requires having a lot more because, you know, when you only have like 10 products, the odds are that a whole bunch of people out there have been used in them. Yet, W.A.M. Hello. Projects, the Robert. W.A. Q.A.A.A.man. It couldn't hurt. Q.A.M. Hello. Welcome to you. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, Eve. Thank you. Hey, I report your rings and good articles. I don't know if you saw the one in the Sentinel today on the opinion page. Call crew Ben from the New York Times. I have it in my hand right here, as a matter of fact. It's a great article, and I was mid on the air. I am an embarrassed Republican. I already got a better late than never. You're talking about defending Imperial nudity, is that the one? I know. Uh, must be in the old one, then. It's from today, actually. We have a day to the Sun Sentinel. It's a reprint from the Times. I got to knew one in my hand right now. Oh, damn. Why I look forward to hearing this now. You'll hear it. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Have a good one. Be defending Imperial nudity. It's kind of a little fairy tale by Paul Crowman in the New York Times today. He says, hand's Christian Anderson understood bad rulers. The Emperor's New suit does nend with everyone acclaiming little boy for telling the truth. It ends with the Emperor and his officials refusing to admit their mistake. I've laid my hands on additional material, which Anderson failed to publish. The scribing will happen after the Imperial procession was over. The talk show host Bill Oraleo shut up shut up shut up at little boy. Calling the boy and not he threatened to go to the boy's house and surprise him. Fox News repeatedly played up possible fines of Imperial clothing. Then buried reports discrediting these stories. Months after the naked procession, a poll filed that many of those getting most of their news from Fox believed that the Emperor had in fact been closed. Imperial officials eventually admitted that they couldn't find any evidence that the suit ever existed or that there'd ever been an effort to produce a suit. The insistent however that they'd found evidence of wardrobe manufacturing and distribution-related program activities. After the naked procession, Pro-Word drove pundits denied that the Emperor was at fault. The blame they said rested with the CIA, which had provided the Emperor with bad intelligence about the potential for a suit. Even a quick web search shows that before the procession, these same pundits had written articles attacking CIA unless because those analysts had refused to support strong administration assertion about the invisible suit. Although the Imperial administration was conservative, its wardrobe plans to recruit some support from a group of liberal pundits. After the Emperor's nakedness was revealed, the online magazine's slave, held a symposium in which any of these pundits were asked whether the fact that there was no suit had led them to reconsider their views. Only one admitted that he'd been wrong and he has changed his mind about the suit before the procession. Helen Thomas, the veteran palace correspondent, opposed the suit project from the beginning. When she put it out that the Emperor's clothes had turned out not to exist, Imperial Press Secretary accused her of being opposed to the broader war on nakedness. Even though skeptics about the Emperor suit had been vindicated, TV news programs continued to portray those skeptics as crazy people. For example, the news that were showed over and over, a clip of little boy shouting at a party. The clip was deeply misleading, and had been shouting to be heard over background noise, which the ambient microphone didn't pick up. Nonetheless, the stream became a staple of political discourse. I guess we have to interject one of our own. The Emperor gave many speeches which he declared that his wardrobe was the central front of the war on nakedness. The editor of one liberal pro-word role magazine admitted that he'd known from the beginning of the Republic of the region to doubt the Emperor's trustworthiness. But he said that he had put those doubts aside because doing so made him feel superior to the Democrats. On a bash he continued to denounce those who would oppose the suit as soft on sartorial security. At the radio intelligence correspondent, Samuel Dinner, the Emperor entertained the assembled journalists with a bit of humor. He showed slides of himself looking at a furniture in his office searching for the non-existent suit. Some of the guests were aghast, the most of the audience roared with laughter. The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee over son and Korean, a hub of government, had come to believe in an non-existent suit. The first part focused on the mistakes made by career government tailors, but the second part of the inquiry on the role of the Imperial Administration and promoting faulty tailoring appeared to vanish from the agenda. Two and a half years after the Emperor's naked procession, a majority of citizens believed that the Imperial Administration had deliberately misled the country. Several former officials had gone public with tales of an administration of ses with its wardrobe from day one. But apologists for the Emperor continued to dismiss any suggestion that officials had lied to the nation. It was a crazy conspiracy theory. After all, back in 1998, Bill Clinton thought there was a suit. And they all lived happily ever after in the story. Here in reality, a large and growing number are being killed by roadside bombs. Paul Krubman in the Atan today, a heavy announcement, showed it to the top of my pile. Okay, let's get a bunch of these other products on here. You think there might be 2,000, 3000? Sure. Line 9, WQA, and hello. Hello. Hi there. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh. Hello hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. What is this? Wow. 15 years? See you again. Okay. Why?? OK. I don't Hello Hello Hello Hello Good night Hahaha Wow That was special That was great The guy might be pros I got for that call Oh yeah Bring some overrun Josh needs a supply QAM hello Yeah for me What is it Everything Oh wonderful WDQAM hello QAM QAM Meal God Yes sir How are you doing sir? Happy birthday Thank you What about DVD porn DVD porn sounds good to me Better stock up before the attorney general comes to your house For sure One thing I was wondering about after the hurricane Is that is there a bunch of RASH of generators being stolen Because seems that all these people that get killed are almost died Because they bring their generators inside Because their parade is going to get stolen I can't I can't I can't I think it's because they're stupid They don't know how to use them That's what it is That's you Okay, good luck you're paly You too Hide that porn DVD porn That's a good one Oh I will say this That when it take the old porn and they put on DVD Kind of loses something in translation Yeah, they got DVDs You're fueled on a DVD It's old and grainy Yeah Same crap So it's okay with old and grainy And especially when I was runger me ones You know I'm in a hair alert Like See how do you like to How this is a disgusting thought right in middle of the lunch hour How do you like to use a bar of soap once he's by Ryan Jeremy Ah I'm going to keep my guts up But why would you drop it on your own W2M hello Anya happy birthday Thank you Hey I noticed the new distraction is this immigration issue But you know in root dogs must take direction directly from call roe You know, of course he does Get all over those things And he says that that's his two topics Illegal aliens and outsourcing of jobs And screaming and yelling and curing I'm at the meantime He keeps looking like he's as his tongue is going to fall on Lock stuff he walks He is getting to crisis And wolf blue screen man Yeah Have you had that strawberry cheesecake from Hagen No, I'm all passed on that That doesn't sound like that How would imagine if you would like No, that's pretty good and you're sure a little to get that sounds pretty good Yeah, it's got the Graham cracker crust in there Oh no Yeah Yeah Have you ever used that You get in the help of stores that doctor Bonners can't steal so Something liquid it it has Peppermint Yeah You better try it and make your body feel really good After tingly Now that makes sure Let go a little tasty too Have a great day It doesn't dare Yeah Okay, see What? What could be better than having a peppermint So why we don't like peppermint Oh, I'm much or like you said mince I mean I like spearmen, but that's it No, I don't even like spearmen I like the I like the old juicy fruit myself Oh, yeah, of course Who doesn't like juicy fruit There's a lot of their spots by the way the guys playing the guitar And they come in and just smash the crap out of mince The only ones that are better than that are the capital one spots Those are, you know, what's in your wild That poor guy to keep getting just a bit Yeah Which is not being a good day The other one is a panic that one that keeps beating the crap out He's fabulous I was thinking before they hit one of those on this morning I was thinking can you imagine the times that those guys are having a cutt of it cutting those spots They must just be cracking up like crazy It must be a lot of fun Kind of like working a QAM This is new This is five 16 A I smell it Back home That's your mood I don't know I don't know Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Yeah Oh Uh Oh Ah Oh Oh Oh I wonder if any of the sun is going to print a bunch of cash to bail out the police use sun in New York? Well that was the money in the double bag. Oh that was printed up by... Probably all 10 and 20s, you know small bills. Well 32 at 560 WM, the star of State's Green and the broadcast booth Howard David. More Howard will be along with two, with him without the stolen pizza. And I'd dog from D'Arealist for Curtis and Lenny Martez at 7-20 that we got a hell of a sense of humor and any kid 10. Chavez inspired by Antabard's protest. You know there was a humongous, much of protest in LA two nights ago. And I even went to the LA Times to find stories on it and all they did was they had like a little thing about streets that had gotten closed down because there were so many thousands of protestors and I never read one more word about it. That's good coverage. Yeah, I saw a little blurb on it somewhere on some newscans for about two seconds and that was the end of that. Antibusch Antibor protest thousands and thousands blocking off streets in LA and just going not anything. Like it never happened. Anybody got this? Well this happened. Mar del plata arhintina. A crowd of 10,000 protestors chanting, get out bush, get out bush. Swarm the streets in his Argentine resort today hours before the hemispheres leader sat down to debate free trade immigration and job creation. Before dawn thousands greeted a train bringing the last group of fellow demonstrators from Buenos Aires including Bolivia and President Hoful, Avo Morales and Sucker great Diego Maradana who done a teacher to accusing President Bush award crimes. You go Diego chanting, fascist bush, you are the terrorist. The protestors hung from the engine to move up the sides of the train trying to shake hands with those inside. Fascist bush, you are the terrorist. How do you like that? Absolutely correct. Later they took to the streets heading to a stadium where Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez made a speech before joining the some of the Americas. Chavez arrived early today saying he was inspired by the protesters who also opposed the West London negotiations to form a free trade area of the Americas stretching from Alaska to Argentina. Today the FTAA is dead and we're going to bury it there. We heard a change the course of history said, step after stepping off his plan. The Mexican President Vicente Fox, one of the region's biggest free trade proponents told reporters that Venezuelan organizations opposed to the FTAA may be left behind as the rest of the atmosphere considers moving forward on creating a huge free trade zone. That's the FTAA. One marcher Canadian steel worker Dennis Macto said free trade must be stopped. Stop a day. We have an act so we know about free trade deals. He said they're not good for workers. They're not good for Canada. A, the march was mostly peaceful. Although some prohibit users mostly peaceful though some sub-perclamantics, spray painted slogans on a bank. Most businesses along the road had closed except for a food stand, protected by a wall of wooden crates. So far, only lost four bananas. But, Chef Boner said, shut away between luxury hotels, bush met with Argentinian President Nestor Kirchner as well as Central American and the Indian leaders, Friday before joining the 34 nations summit. Bush arrived yesterday. The same day when his oil stays the macuous invasion of its own territory. The event was the latest exercise intended for first soldiers and civilian volunteers for what Chavez says is a possible attack by American troops and Pat Robertson. US officials of course, deny any such plan. Chavez and Bush will likely see each other day if he summits an operation. Not scheduled meet one-on-one and Chavez have been joking about. Maybe he might sneak up behind him and scoop out President Hague. Well, just right after Halloween, you know. Which I think would be most amusing. Not as amusing as the pizza story we had on our station but nevertheless. Close. Here is a story that needs from the International Hero Tribune. Former Paul Adelaide's Chinese office to abuse directives. Vice President Dick Cheney's office was responsible for directives that led US soldiers abusing prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. Average former top-state department official said yesterday Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson there is again former Chief of Staff to colon Paula then Secretary of State told National Public Radio he had traced a trail of memos and directives authorizing questionable detention practices up through Secretary Defend General Rumsoul's office directly to Cheney's staff. The Secretary Defend's undercover the Vice President's office Wilkerson said regardless of the President having put out this memo, they began to authorize procedures within the armed forces that led to what we've seen. Like Abu Ghara, he said that directives contacted a 2002 order by President Bush for the US military to abide by the Jeev and Geneva conventions again, torture. I said it one thing, they're torturing all of us. There was a visible audit trail from the Vice President's office through the Secretary Defend's down to the commanders in the field authorizing practices that led to the abuse of the Taney's Wilkerson said. The directives were in carefully couched terms he can conceded but they said they had the effective loosening the reins on US troops leading to many cases of prisoner abuse including an Iraq's Abu Ghara, President that were contrary to the Geneva conventions. He said that Paul with a sign of new investigate the matter after reports emerged in the media about US troops abusing the Taney's in Iraq and Afghanistan both in a course of formerly served in the US military. Wilkerson also called David Addington, the Vice President's lawyer, a staunch advocate of allowing the President and his capacity to manage the Chief to deviate from the Geneva conventions. You deviate to, but to deviate. On Monday of course, Taney promoted adding, doing to a suit his staffer placed scooter liby. Wilkerson also told National Public Radio that Cheneys office ran and altered the National Security staff that spied on and undermined the President's formal National Security Council. It says that he said National Security Council staff stops sending emails when they find out the Cheneys staff members where we'd be in the rest of these. How do you like that? President, my ass. Well, what a mess we got, huh? Well, I'm not going to read the seal to elections, and of course, another little known fact is that your President had to call up James Dawson, a father of hoaxes, pokus on the family. When he before he submitted a Harriet Myers nomination for the Supreme Court, he had to call to get the approval from James Dawson. I think we had a couple of stories on that, but most people aren't aware of that. To show you how they painted these right wing religious nuts, how they're controlling your lives. So, that guy that just called about his DVD, porno. You better hide it pretty good man, because when a porno police come knocking on your door, look out, there's Neil Rogers. This is 5.6 inch, you say. David's a bitch. The federal government just learned about those people's death. I'm the huddley-cheneysers of the proposed parties, proud, offered no authority. And mostly, great others, but if I'm there, it's quite high enough. My proud, there's no one left to blame, I said, brownie. You're the double machete, my said brownie. Your career's up and claimed is no one. I know who's or they enjoyed Bush. We'd better make them shut up before he says. If we shoot them messed up, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things that he should do time. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I swear to them, they're on the F.E.M.A. Some people died when he ran F.E.M.A. Now, the everyone knows that you leadership roles. You can go back to your foreshows. Today, both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll. That mainly because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. Hi, come on, I'm so there, Brownie. And Republicans is back, but I'm a bit of a good and important self-floor, everybody's busy trying to put their like back together after Will and Most. So, you know, we're a duly distracted, at least you are. I'm not, I'm still pissed off in part of it. That's another good thing about not being there. Son and Sean, and here it's beautiful, man. With 60, 60 S today, have an Indian fall, Indian summer, whatever hell it is. Whether it's good here too, actually. And it's 50, right now going to be 63 again today. In the GTA. Hey, well, the weather is good. Then how come there's this delay? I heard there's no snow down there. There's no sleep. There's no rain. There's no hurricane. There's no tornadoes today. Canowville, as they say somewhere. What a novelty. And so all these excuses. Well, we got to go a mono, a mono, a house, a house, door, to, you know, some of the get the power back on and cut the crap. Get it back on now and stop the lonely and stop telling people, well, two weeks from a circus, you'll have it back on. It's a very latest man. It is just so outrageous when people have you by the short hairs. And like I said, there's nothing worse than a monopoly. No matter what it is, no matter what business you're talking about, when you whether it's the phone company, whether it's the electric company, a monopoly is like the kiss of death. And you know that because you can call and scream bloody murder. And they give a crap. Well, I mean, who else are you going to get your electric from, right? Nobody. I don't, yeah, you can't. Nobody. I know. Nobody. So they got you by the short hairs. And you can scream in a howl and bitch and belly ache and moan and shoot all kinds of spears up into the sky to whatever you want. To let out your pent up energy, but the bottom line is they'll get around when they're good and ready. And if you don't happen to live near the dolphin coaches or damn, you know, then you're not going to get yours back on first. Like in the Southwest Ronshins. Well, Colin telling you to, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then when it comes out to your house, I'll say, well, this ain't near that. Getting this screw is screw you. Ground officials slam feds for a slow and effective aid. The Wilma victim speaking of that bit. I just played about FEMA. Two little too slow. That's what Howard 20 leaders in Stormy, Rick, and said about the federal response to Hurricane Wilma. People whose homes have been destroyed are being heard from temporary shelter to temporary shelter. Longer term housing has not yet been identified. Federal centers where people can apply for relief will not be set up until this weekend. Just hang on, you know, look at around is 11 days after Wilma struck, Broward local officials are increasingly frustrated with the FEMA organization. And wonder when the promises have helped a thousand bucks almost become a reality. When though those promises come true, we're building a rack so why can't we build Broward's Roost County Commissioner, Eileen Lieberman said. Well, why not go ask your your good friend, Julie Lieberman, Heltia, Eileen. He's another one of those pro-Arak War idiots sell outs, slime balls. I hope that's out is a home entice in Tren's Rotten next for them. Julie Lieberman. Local officials say their top concerns are that FEMA, send only 300 employees to inspect thousands of damage homes from Jupiter to Homestead, to combat fraud, FEMA won't assist without confirming the damage. Right, just like last time, you should live so long. Offers rental on LLC. They want FEMA to offer rental assistance vouchers below. Let's let me read this again. Local officials say their top concerns are that FEMA offers rental assistance vouchers below local market prices. In other words, not going to do any good. It's too slow in delivering mobile homes, some creative solutions by the county to provide affordable housing and in such a tight real estate market. Some members of South Hurt's congressional delegation said they got a little reassurance after meeting with FEMA representatives and walked into the CSD after noon, but they weren't pressed with brownies suit. We all left more concerned than when we got to the meeting, so we're represented in the Wavarinshults of Western. Some of them later wrote to FEMA asking the agency to send hundreds more inspectors to South Hurt and provide immediate income assistance to workers lost their jobs because of the hurricane. Already 66,146 people of the estimated pay for temporary housing are helping to build their home and increase them nearly 7,000 people in a day. So far, 769 people have been approved for our housing assistance only a hundred more than they before. You hear that? 66,000 have applied for temporary housing so far, 769 people have been approved for housing assistance. So you following those numbers? Well, alright. FEMA rejected the criticism yesterday, noted it's given almost $1.6 million to victims to find housing or fish their own homes. So anybody that says there's nothing going on is wrong, said Ricardo's iniga, a spokesperson for FEMA. That's no small potatoes. A lot is going on to help people with their immediate housing he said and then he chuckle it. When the Senate is open this weekend, it's still under closed locations. And it's only Friday. Yeah. They'll give victims one among counseling about recovery and I got to take a sweet assortment so choke-tap. Take it easy. As UNI gets said, Rourke County's government put in a request to operate the Senate's only last Sunday, 60 days after the storm. He said at the time it wasn't on which parts of the county would have electricity and water. He said FEMA is processing 136,000 plus applications from Broward and more than 1200 homes have been inspected since we'll in the head. 1200. Wow, that's pretty heavy duty. You know, sorry 11 days later. Isn't that good? Not really. Out of 136,000, 1200 have been inspected already. And if that rate by the year 2525, FEMA told local officials each inspector can only get to 10 homes today. Raising concerns that could take months for everybody to get the help that they need now. And will. Lossam and Charleston, FEMA official said it would drive 500 mobile homes a week up to a total of 2000. And the students said if this is our still deciding how many to send where they can go and how many people need them. I'll tell you where they can go. Right up here. I like that. Do you want to get? Whatever has your name is. Man, you jackass, you idiot. You're fairie. See, FEMA is a total, and this is why, you know, the whole Mickey Brown, and that's a sensitivity iceberg because when you've had all this cronyism that goes on with this crowd with this bunch and you're putting a bunch of crony's in there are totally unqualified and experienced in handling these kinds of matters. This is what's going to happen. I'm making it a disaster. And as far as they count these concerned, tempers are starting to flare as power restoration starts to slow at hundreds of thousands to them to dark nurse, fraying it says as blackout persists for many residents. With the pace of power restoration slowing to a crawl, hundreds of them by the way, there was no updates in C6A, and I'm sure you knew that. Hundreds of thousands of Southwater residents are growing increasingly frustrated as a second we could have electricity looms. It's luminal over here in Opalokin. Of course, we know who lives in Opalok at dark folks. A whopping 40% of residents were still in the dark yesterday. Okay. See this government don't care about you, dark folks. That's why in New Orleans and in South Florida anywhere else there's a whole lot of dark folks. You can just wait. George Bush doesn't care about black people. Until health reasons over that's right. It gets you to discuss it because you're bathing in cold waters and resident grace sap of 45 year or another or five. You have a lot of people out here who can't afford a generator. I wonder if she's kind of Warren sap or some other sap. Opalokovice Mayor, Terence Pinders said he'd asked about having FP and strength and power lines in a 4.2 square mile city. This is something I've been dealing with since I was elected. He said this is nothing new, nothing surprising. The same old crap. Most of the day County was growing better. It says the news about is reporting anywhere from 5 to 40% of the residents without power. But the drawn out restoration processes providing people is provoking people lose their cool. And then you beat to a crowd of residents through rocks at FP and I'll trust earlier this week. City manager Ivan Petto said he's still not going to pay the city's 48,000 plus dollar bill until all the lights are back out in the city about 40% are still off in Dini Beach. I have to say at least involfully make that gesture. This is hello. We have a problem here, Pato said. Hello. You clowns. You idiot. You're fairie. Telling Hasi lawmakers are also firing up the political need on FPO. Representative Marco Rubio, the Miami Republican who decided to become a speaker with a house in November 2006 got forbid. Said the widespread power outages are all but certain of prompted intensive look of the state's electrical system. We can't go as summer after summer with these kinds of problems and sustain ourselves as a state rubio said. Somehow we have to figure out how to deliver electricity in the traffic that doesn't go out easily and is quickly restored. Close at a home, people are wondering what's going on. Just like Marvin Gaye was asking what's going on. Let's see, Miami City manager, you're going to egglars on the phone when FPO representative several times a day. But the trucks remain woefully scarce in West Miami. If there were 17 trucks, 10 trucks, 5 trucks in the area, they were unable to restore power. I don't understand because at least I see something being done about it. She said, but when you see two trucks throughout the course of the entire day, you wonder, just how much they can accomplish when they've assigned the so few resources to our area residents are anxious to know what to hold up is. Especially those who see madingly well at homes shining all around their darken ones. Now, does Miguel, you got power? I do. And are there like darken ones nearby you? No. Oh, thank God for that. Yes. The cruel gables of an Ajax has got power, but he's got no internet or TV. It's for other. Or no cable, no internet? No, I got con cash. So, hello. In coral gables, about a quarter of the residents are still using flashlights, candles, and generators. And the percentage is the same for three days. So, city manager David Brown, David Brown, my ass. How do you like that? I wonder if he's can do what's his name? What's the guy's name over there across the street? Charlie? No, they got over at the other station. Alan Brown. You know, by the way, you don't know your browns, Mr. I'll say that right now. Sorry. You know, Alan Brown from Jim Brown, from a truck brown, Brownie Brown. From James Brown, from old Brownie Brown. That's right. God, you've got to hate your browns straight enough. The percentage is, aren't going to change them much anymore because the pockets are so little brown said when you go and turn it on 25. Residents, it doesn't change the number to 55, 100. I'm $5,500. Unfortunately, when you've been without a par from a days, 10 per start to flare, frustration start to rise. This is in the gables. F.V. Vice President, Pegisha, Gorogisha Williams ignores that progress has become in peace. Oh, no, what do you like that are? Peemey or Peemey or Peemey? Ever have Peemey or bacon? No, it's a Canadian thing. It's good. The work is now down to blow out transformers and down wires, especially in small neighborhoods. It's slow and it's gritty and it's tough, you said. It's hard work to make a long story short. We've heard that before from another idiot. It's hard work. That's what all the idiot says. It's an excuse. Always an excuse. Just like fixing the buttons there on your board in that studio. That's another reason I never going to come back and do a show in there because every time I come back, it's the same problems, the same broken down stuff because they never friction. It's definitely a difference. I do busy playing grab-ass with each other in a hallway to take care of any of our problems. Oh, great number. Yeah, all right now we're getting this stuff fixed already and stopped it on a round staff's stone wall and okay. I might have to go out on strike for a few days to get you guys to do something. I couldn't believe it last time I did a show in here and it was the same thing. The same two buttons at the board that have been out for like three or four years. I think it's the second one from the right there. Whatever that pot is, I can't visualize it and then the mic button. I mean, why wouldn't it be important that you know if your microphone is on or not? Just like that section you guys had this morning, whatever was. I sure hope it was good. Papa, papa, papa, you should have heard it. This is going to take the gig. We heard it. No, I did it. Well, then they come and did somebody come in and scream and you guys are on the air. Shut the mic or something's going on here, didn't it? I was in that. Yeah, I did. And of course you couldn't hear me because that's another technical problem. And here's that the thing here, the thing is the other comment is this is feeling mighty low. Well, it's also in the other room. Well, he guys wouldn't have been shouting so loud even if it were you know, it made no difference. But then again, I guess when you were involved in, you know, mono, mono, mono, whatever you guys were done. Maybe they were like a Schmerin little body watch on each other. 406 votes on the pool. That's not too bad considering I'm talking so damn much. You're not getting nearly enough products on here. That's okay. We don't care. This is a weekend pool. You got bigger fish to fry. You got more important things to worry about. Okay. You got the big teens game. You got the dolphins. They're landing it. So what do I say that time Curtis picked the dolphins to win that game? All I can say that is I'm using. Yeah, that's pretty good. That is hysterical. I'd say remember the game that it landed gave the Patriots, what I'm Michael Vic? That kind of made me sick. They didn't even kick their ass in that game. Yeah, your Patriots are in trouble this year. But you'll see. Last time I checked their four and three Mr. They're leaving a week division there in first place in a very week division in the entire league is and they just got Teddy Bruceky back in a, you know, last week, he's going to get better every week and roll over, come. It was one of they got to prove at this point. Right, what do they have to prove? Right. By the way, Tom Brady's on 60 minutes is this coming Sunday, the Tom Brady piece. I don't know if I had about a collection TV I tell you. And I think that the park that's most exciting is when Tom Bradley says a boy you sure are a pretty. This is Neil Rodger. If you're the Bradley, say hey, you're fast 5. 16, 18, 18. You can be down. Okay, Scott, go around. When I'm up in Boca, take a slap in old women with painted lips around the pole. I listen to the Neil Rodgers one or two. Yeah, I mean, I don't send any old Rodgers iron balance one or two hours. Oh, I can get a little piece of white. I'm going to wait here. I flew high, no one dressed up like Connie, Steven, that's for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. You're going to wait for him. I'm going to wait for him. I want to see if he can come in and talk about sports, not about that little pitch quick. It's a lot of clocked in 5. 60 WM, happy Friday 2 November 4. I heard a Burthey and happy birthday to anybody. Well, she's got some nerve, you know what? Comes in and invites me. She's kind of like, Mo, she invites me to wish her a happy birthday. What a joke. Go sell something, okay? I know it would be a first. And please don't blow brandy out of the water. It's the only of Kai you still got left and it's so you inherited it after years and years. Please don't blow that one out of the water, sweetheart. Don't go in there. Pretend you don't exist. They'll fax to the new tag every week to stay to hell away. Kiss it, Death. You know, every, too bad we can't stay until midnight because by midnight, Bush is approval rating will be. Oh, every few minutes the new pull comes out and they keep going lower and lower. I'm serious, he might be down there with downtown Ellen Brown and with your buddy, Joel Feinberg pretty soon. Hopefully. And Doodle Brown. President Bush's public support is eroded with lowest level yet. And another new pull, a new AP if so is pulled today. Find the presence of approval rating was at 37%. It's slide in so fast we can't even give track of it. It's like dropping a border off the top of the Empire State Building. Compared to 39% a month ago about 59% of those surveys said they would disapproved, okay? Disapproved. They said he is absolutely unacceptable. Is what they said. The intensity of this approval is the strong boy. I guess the rest of the country is just a lot slower than we are, how that must be it. It took a long enough. God Almighty, what do you people of in busy doing crap or something? What is it? Oh, and they're demonstrating my crazy down there in, in, uh, in, uh, in Argentina. You are fascist fascista, it's great. And they're right. Not you would be the word I would you is the fascist is okay. It's right in there. The intensity of this approval is the strongest today with 42% now saying they strongly disapproved how Bush is handling his job. Prices many is the 20% of the say they strongly approve. This is the poorest excuse for a president this country has ever had since max, max Hollenberger. A businessman from Stamwood, Washington, who leaves them a credit, of course. He said to the economy, go to war in Iraq for no reason. The way we can, uh, we get to the tsunami victims before Katrina, but the whole business. In other words, all of the things. In the new AP, if so, it's pull nearly one in five Republicans this approved of Bush's handling of his job. The American period would nearly nine and 10 Democrats, nearly seven of 10 independence disapproved. I'd be like that. Four and five Republicans still back, although he could come and fart in their face. They say, man, that's the best you owe my ever schmeck. I think he's done a wonderful job. He said Gloria Blotcher, a Republican from Sherman Texas. He's done wonderful things for the economy. Oh, yeah. He's rescued people who didn't help an Iraq. It was the Christian thing to do. Yeah, killing all those innocent men, women and children. That was the Christian thing to do. And sacrificing all of the American, the people's kids, 2000, whatever, it was 35. And that was the Christian thing to do. Just like Pat Robertson would say, let's kill him. I still try, and then of course, talking about Hugo Chavez, naturally. I still trust his people and the people in Pictory Supreme Court said Gloria. Hey Gloria, you idiot, do fairy. The president has lost support from some key groups of constituent civil defense. Do we drop 16 points in his approval rating with men at that time, 18 points with people of a high school education or less, 16 points among seveners and 13 points among Republicans. The poll was conducted at October 31, November 2, among phone, Congress isn't very much better. They suck the Republican Congress. In October 35% of the public's funds have proved that the job being done at Capitol Hill down from 44% in February. It's a disaster is what we got. These guys are the master of disaster. As driven by buddy Gilmore on Roosevelt raceway. Remember Roosevelt raceway? No. Not really. What do you guys know about any of these things, huh? Go boxed never again. You love it. Now let's see. And Miguel Watson will be you. You didn't watch it, didn't you? I did. And did you like it? Same sentiment as your boy here. Oh boy. Well, this is some birthday present I got today. At least I only go to you and get it out. At least at least when I got George and Aaron, Josh, I got somebody that's over the age of 10. Got all mighty. And now that's okay, look. I mean, it's just like George pitching me out because I don't like their really hillbillies. I entitled not to like that show. It's a Yahoo Rednecky Cornball show. And it may have been very funny, but it's not the kind of show I would watch. Okay, that's your opinion. And just like to move, you know, I can't you're entitled to say, you're kind of moving. That's all just like I told you. Don't watch it in the admiral movie because you won't like it. Now let me ask you this. The city, the whole city, a got thing. Is that like, you don't like violence? Like whatsoever? Is that what that is? But that's all there was in it. There was nothing else going on. It's just nonstop. It reminded me of a different kind of pulp fiction. But that was a true story. And if you were to want to I care, then I could see people being bushed all over the place. It could be a true story. They could be showing all the people getting blown up by the roadside bombs in a wreck. I don't want to watch that. America needs to see it, but I don't want to watch it. Look at that. Deathro inmate walks out of Houston, Texas. He looks just like Brownie Brown. jail. When he somehow shed his orange jumpsuit and dawned, cacky pants, a dark blue shirt, I'm just walked right out the door. I don't like that. Now what do you ask me again about what? No, it's just like, do you don't like any violent movies? Not at all. Isn't the godfather's one in two pretty damn violence? No. You mean he's talking about like the terminator? No, I don't like that. Not because of the violence because I can't stand Arnold that's just stupid to me. OK, not because I like violent movies a lot. OK. But I thought that's not like maybe that was the reason. Like it's hard to teach. For example, I hate it because the dialogue was stupid. And number two was just a series of gratuitously violent acts. And that was what that's all there was. There were many story there. I don't mind the violence as long as there's some kind of a story. What was the story in city ago? What's the story? What's the story? That was the thing. It's a really great story. The kid. I mean, you probably didn't watch it long enough to find out. Like the kid. Like 15 minutes. The kid, did you see the kid? You really want to be a photographer? They start making hints at that. Yeah. And he winds up taking pictures since he lives in the little town where all the madness is going on. He gets pictures and starts going to the local paper and giving to the paper and eventually becomes a reporter. It's in a photographer. I didn't kid anywhere near that far. Yeah. Well, you have to actually wait a while before it really gets into it. Well, I'm going to tell you, you wait a while. So there's just a lot of, I'll tell you why. I'll give it a shot again. I'm sorry. I, you know, whatever. I listen, I read the review is everybody even that Silly, and Gusto Roger Ebert, all great movies by track in the movie. Of course, if he said it's good, it means I don't want to see it. I run like hell when Roger Ebert went out to a Roger. You're fairy. But never let's. I'll give it a shot again. Maybe this weekend. As a birthday gift to myself. Well, there you go. It's supposed to be one of the best movies going. But I don't, it's just not my kind of movie. I don't think I'll try to get. I'll see if I, it's like a apocalypse now. Everybody raves about that movie. I've tried a bunch of times. Maybe. But two many times to get into that. In fact, I finally sent that new, the version down to the new, unispergated one down to George. Remember? Yeah, I'll once again go. Right. The DVD. Because I'm not going to watch it. I start watching a few minutes. And it's not because of the violence, but just it's ponderous man. It is really ponderous. Now, like standing in the shadows of Motown, I'm just crazy about this movie. It was on a cable two nights ago, like I told her. I'm the documentary channel, no less here. And I watched the whole thing almost from the very beginning. I just haven't invited her. And I watched it all the way through again. I love it, right? But you wouldn't want to watch it. I didn't say that I just, you know, if I had some time to kill, I'm not going to go out of my way to watch it. Because I don't, it's not that I listen. I'm telling you, you wouldn't want to watch it. Why is it? It's for people who really are in the Motown. It would have, it would have so little significance to you. How about Miguel? I know from you. I smoke time. There's no Cubans on it. I think there's something that Chaka Con was a little like a dark sea of crews. Can't stand Chaka. I see you have to ruin a whole damn thing that bitch, that fat cow. Oh, he's such a con. He sucks. You like Chaka Con. Well, I see seeing it grow as you think to the same person, right? And I never said I like to. Yeah. Anyway, see you on Motown guy. I like Motown. But you wouldn't like this movie. Probably not. See there you go. And I'm not going to like bitch you have for not liking it. That's your taste. OK, your taste is very narrow. And your taste is in your touch peppermint. And that's what it goes. Can't help it. OK, I should probably take a couple of calls on it. I have some very important crap. See, this is the thing with you and this business about reading these. To me, it's more important than hearing. Chaka. And you know, I mean, I consider and bitch about the calls all day. Like somebody I know. Oh, sorry. I'll continue doing what I think is more productive. Even if it does mean reading from a bunch of crap, that's all. OK. I mean, for this tremendous research department that I've got in the show, yeah. People think, well, why can't you, you'll have the intellect to put this all in his own words? Like, how many hours are there in the day that I'm going to do that? You idiots? Like Tom, Jika, you quiz me. And by the way, Tom, I don't see anything. It doesn't mean I wouldn't buy you. That hasn't meaning what's going on. But that's OK. Why shouldn't I be indifferent? What does that have to do with tough pieces about network TV shows? That'll be on for about five weeks. They've moved on generator law, troubled by the long lines for a few years. Let's stretch for blocks. And they, they's following Wilma. They'd commissioners of proposing a new rule that would require gas stations that generators on standby. They proposed ordinance drafted by commission chairman Jose Martinez. Mirrors complaints from St. Dasse Jose Martinez. Joe Martinez. Mirrors complaints from state officials like to ask for a turn by gas problems. And I say Jose Jimenez. Governor Jim Bush said earlier in the week that state officials make the issue a priority. You go find ask governor. Senator Steve Geller. State Senator Democratic represents how they'll be sponsoring a bill that would require gas stations across the state to ensure they have generators to keep fuel pumps running. Geller is billed with effect only Florida gas stations billed after July 2006. Martinez proposed rule or applied to all gas stations in date. Even existing ones, owners would have been required by a law to have uninterrupted operation within 24 hours after the county declares a state of emergency. Owners would have to provide written proof that the to the county that their stations can pump fuel during a power outage by June or show documentation that equipment has been released by that deadline. County commissioners unanimously approved the first reading of the ordinance, which will log through public hearings before the end returns to the board for final vote. Martinez anticipates significant outcry from gas station owners who would have to put the bill for the pricey generators. We're going to see a lot of opposition. He said they're going to see a lot of support from people who can't find fuel. And like we said the other day in some cars said, with a gas company's reported these record multi billion dollar profits, just maybe a shell and excellent. Some of the other could afford to subsidize their station, especially the ones that they own, which is many of them and make damn sure that they got generators. So we don't have to go through this solid of the answer next time again. And so that Adam doesn't come in and give me bogus information about BP being open or in the corner. You should have heard the stories of you give me those in. Just like the story he gave me today about that chocolate fountain thing, you know? How many weeks ago did you eat it? More close about two weeks? Yeah. That's a long before the hurricane, right? Yeah. So, you know, Adam you're nice guy. Don't take it personally or a great guy like you lot, but this is business not personal. And you just keep peddling stories and story. Yeah, I but not that don't believe it, but you just a sales hole. So I can't believe anybody. A good, you know, good guy, but we come in and say after one at 5.60WQ, when you think mattresses, you think, see me posture pedic, the top sign mattress brand in America. It's the gold standard. When you think of buying an XCB posture pedic, think about a mattress, 1-800 mattress. One easy call, that's what you do. Don't waste a lot of that expensive gas and times slipping all around. Found the first thing we were going on right now. This is the easiest possible way to replace that old saggy, maybe soaked in the damaged old mattress with a great new ceiling posture pedic. With that, a mattress is factory direct prices. Nobody sells you a ceiling posture pedic for less. Now the mattress carries the air is largest inventory with all sizes and cover levels and stock waiting for the same day to liberate. You can get a benard slipped as soon as tonight if you make that call right now. Got it? That's a hundred mattress number one in customer satisfaction and they still let you choose the date and time for delivery and the tour window that you pick even the very same day that you be calling. With an old risk 30 days. But third man. That's for traveling your own bedroom plus free setup and moving on all deliveries too. I've used him a long time as has Miguel no less. He's been doing wild things on those mattresses and just about all of those if you am as well. Or join over too many customers who skipped the chains, tourists were fast easy affordable mattresses from dial mattress. In fact, maybe the folks at dial mattress will pull them right there in the studio. So next time they're Josh and Miguel get together, they can have a real good time. 1-800 mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last test because it stands for stupid saving. This is new Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. Friday you best. You know I just don't get this time man. I turn on the MTV and I see like the Angela looking all cool. I'm always gonna shirt off and stuff and all the girls we like. How do I do that? I don't know how to do it. How can I be cool? I know why I'm not cool. I can tell you why I'm not cool. That's really cool. I don't have a card at ghost boom. Cause I'm too wide. Your way too wide don't wait too wide come on come on. I wear cheap bad shoes. Cause I'm too wide. Don't you bad shoes look too crackle. I won't shower after Jim and you want to know why. Why do I make my way cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Why do I? Because I'm too wide. Yeah come on come on. The brothers call me cracker ass cause I'm too wide. Are you crackin' head? I don't understand that dude they're telling. Cause I'm too wide. Why do I make my girlfriend she left me. Why don't you want to know why. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. Cause I'm too wide. But I'm fucked up. I can't play the basketball. Cause I'm too wide. Yo you're the one. I'm fucked up. J will can play it well. Cause he hates me in the wild. You hate that man white boy. Magic Johnson got the age. You wanna know why? Why is that? Hey why? He banged away. He banged away. He banged away. Oh man. Butter on the moon. I can't sing it so right. Cause I'm too wide. And he waits who I'm in. I don't get the desk comedy jam. Cause I'm too wide. I don't get their jokes. I don't get it. I can't get their girl these girls are on. Like a fruit fly. Yeah man. I can't be in one. I hate being white. I hate being white. I hate being white. But I love my mother. I gotta find the guy. He is. He's similarly so deep. He's a soul of shit. I was of y'all. It's Russell Zimmer. Welcome to their poetry. Today I'll forever take the head match up. Lupurigno is Molly Mattley. I'm gonna shoot you down. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Me too. Forever. I see it's ten years ago today. The web of 995Z's top rugby was assassinated. Well that's actually shame. Buy another 20 Beach Boys a little bit. Yeah, they're okay. They're okay. Never so afraid train. What about me? Michael. Michael I'm assuming his cousin in former Beach Boys band made Brian Wilson, but love's lawyer. I never do that. They were cousins. That's the first time all these years. I knew that Michael I was a cousin. You're learning something today. Did you know that? No. But love's lawyer hopes to law suit won't mark their good vibrations. It says here. I won't tell me they're doing it, too. Law's filed a law student federal court yesterday, accusing Wilson promoting his 2004 album Smile. In a manner that's shamelessly misapported, Michael of songs, likeness, and the Beach Boys trademark, as well as the smile album itself. Love's lawyer says it's nothing personal and so they've been as. Mike has a lot of affection for Brian and they have a good relationship. And Cory's relations had Phil stillman, who was represented in the lowest since 92. There's obviously some problem with the way that Brian's associates have broadly albums stillmaned it. They remain family and co-founders are very important band in rock and roll history. The Beach Boys never completed Smile in which we guard as a lost classic until Wilson opted to finish it himself. The album earned international acclaim and marked a dramatically turned for the 63-year-old singer saw 63. Now what an old turret. Oh, sorry. The 63-year-old singer songwriter would kept a low profile for years, spent a lot of time in bed with his big teddy bear. Love objected to promotion in which 2.6 million copies of a Beach Boys compilation CD were given away to readers of Britain's Daily Mile on Sunday newspaper. And he lost it said to give way under cut the band sales. The lawsuit seeks damages including millions of dollars in listed profits and seeks at least a million dollars for international advertising to correct the effects of unfair competition and fringing uses. The lawyer for Wilson did me turn a call for me. P, uh, law formed a group in Hawthorwood in 61 with Wilson. Wilson's brothers Carl and Dennis did and Wilson's friend Aljardin. They won and recorded well we know that Jesus. What is this? The CNN website? What do we like about your children? We got to have the names that are songs? Jesus, God. Love has the exclusive legal rights at 2. Right on the Beach Boys name. Aljardin now tours with the endless summer band stirring. Aljardin. I think like that. Why do you know they got a milk it for all they can? It's 63. God already. John Stamelson. What does he got to do with the Beach Boys? Was any part of the band for a song? A for about two minutes. Lacky. Now don't be knocking blacky. George is always a raggedon and what sounds wrong with Johnny Stamel's. He's a distiller for a train. He's not some pretty crappy TV shows. Thank you, thank you. Leaving Catholic publication from Melia Cristiana has stirred up a media storm in Italy in Milano with its first ever photograph of a naked woman part of an ad campaign for a bathroom ventilation system. Oh my God. The photograph chased by the standards of Italy's body TV shows in risky news magazine covers shows only a female bottom shots from a misty shower door. Right, don't. Just a little ash shot. But it's been enough to put the media Cristiana traditionally the most popular publication with Italian families back in the headlines. I should pick you. Managellamazaria. By the way, my good friend, Kenneth, you've gone Italy by the way. I'll tell you where to go in Rome. There is no change in position of our line. It's just a female ally behind a misty and dirty window directed down Antonio Scortino told the Courier to tell us that it was Thursday. I just love to say that the Courier to tell us that the evening a courier, because I can't speak in the Italian, but I sure can read a couple of words. Courier to tell us that it's social mouth. I still say the Italian's got the Schmals baby. The Jews may talk a good game when it comes to Schmals and Schmals, and stuff like that. But there ain't nobody Schmalsy like the Italianos. Right? And certainly not the Cubans. The Cubans are still the Cubans take it over that hooting coup team music and see the cruise. Miguel. Okay. Well, isn't that true? You certainly wouldn't say the Cubans are Schmalsy. My God. Maybe some of Luis Miguel stuff's a little Schmalsy. We saw the Adamly approved it and it seemed a little bit on the limit, but not enough of the cross-constination. We counted our readers maturity. He said, said, Don Scortino. Fominio Cristiano has in the past faced outrage readers over its first underwear ad and later over a mineral water commercial which included a naked child. Oh, no, not naked child. In 1996, we just had magazine which usually includes crude affairs features as well as cook retraveler religious advice, protested after published photos of low-cut swim suits. It's also come under fire from the Vatican to the nose and others on sexual morality. How did I fat in the bathroom? Didn't it not seem so good to be over there? It's very small, baby. If you want to forget about looking in the dictionary, if you want to get the definition of Schmalsy, just watch the wedding scene in the garb father. It wasn't that music. Isn't that the best? It's just great. It's just great. It's a very every scene in that movie. Erbie, you know, I'll give me a son and answer about garb father too. It was great, but you know something, the first original garb father, man, you can't top it. I don't care what anybody says. The first two were great. What? Yeah, what was wrong with the second one? There's nothing wrong with it, but it's not the same. The original garb father, Erbie, Erbie, Ward of dialogue. Erbie's scene is like so profound. So, you know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. Well, first of all, garb father, two was like about 600 hours long. You can't talk a minute. What the hell? See, there you go. In addition to which there was no, there was no darn Kholione, garb father, two. There was no, he was already dead, done and no, a Marlon Brando. Not that Michael Kholione was a great. He was great. There was no son. I don't know, he's done it, got shot and then caused way and garb father one, right? There was no Santino, there was no darn Kholione. What's that? What is that? And then all of a sudden, we got the young darn Kholione with Bob De Niro doing his best we the one with tasting. And he's all right, he's okay. It was great. Godfather, it was great, but it ain't no original one. I don't want to say Godfather one because then we'll get the facts. I don't want to say Godfather one. It was just, we know, Imama, so socks and hell. Businesses and counties hit by Hurricane Wilma, maybe eligible for bridge loans from the state to provide them with a quick source of cash to begin repairs and replace destroy inventory. Your fan asked Governor, Jeff Boosters, we activated the $20 million program for businesses in Broward, Kholione, Glades, Henry, Lee, Miami, Dave. Oh, I said that, sorry, Dave, Monroe, Okichubian, Palm Beach, counties. The short term loans are intended to bridge the gap between the hurricane and when the business is able to get its insurance claim paid or get some other source of permanent money to pay for recovery. Application is available from local economic development or offices or in local legislators offices. The loans are interest free and can be for up to 25 grand and are available over as a business with less than 100 employees. Some loans are for 90 days other for 100 days, damage must be verified. Okay? What surprised me if the bees leaves the plough for some of that, you know? But we got more than 100 people in our building, no way. And here, sure, between power and 2 AM. Absolutely. And then, of course, if you're throwing kiss, oh my god. How did kiss to win last book? Did they do a K and power United States? Did we really care about them? Oh, we don't care. We don't want to start on friendly and we don't want to see anybody's pizza down at all. But we don't really care how you did in the last book. It's got it doesn't put any money in our pockets. Since we're like AM, you know, they're on FM, they're to big shots, we're only on AM. So they look down at us like we're like the weak sisters, you know? We've got a weak sisters. I got news for you, man. The kind of stuff that they're playing on an FM, I wouldn't wish that on Hitler and Eva Brown on a bad day, kind of swirl. 1 26 at 5, 60 W2M, your swirl station for the Emanuel Union. We got a man dog at four. We got the Mohawk or David Leading into him, kind of a buffer. Mad dog gets a rally day. By the way, Curtis and Len at seven, and Kaplan show a 10. No one will gain tonight. But boy, we got a power pack weekend, don't we? We do. We got the Hurri Cains game in Virginia Tech, which is being touted as the game of the century or at least of this week, 745 to midnight. Well, that's going to be a long game, you know? And we start with Hurri Cains game day at four tomorrow afternoon. We got eight hours of Hurri Cain craft. Wow, that's right. So if you have any doubt, well, you finished tomorrow, you'll really know. Okay, it's getting blow. For sure. And then we got the Panthers in Carolina on some Vogue stations at 40 tomorrow night. We should be back on QM. How is that possible? If the Hurri Cains extra point is on at midnight, how will the Florida Panthers be in progress after extra point? The game is not going to last a last minute. Who made this schedule? What kind of a bozo made this up, huh? Right? Yeah. It says here, Hurri Cains extra point midnight till 2 am. Am I right about this? The game is in at 745 and in the morning last time. I checked at 745 and Maranite Channel 10 is carrying it. Oh, it shouldn't say that. There will be no Panthers game on QM. The game is on 640 if you can pick it up. Yeah, might not make it. So. They must be going to have a long shootout. I'll tell you that. 27 after one at five. That's how much shootout of QM. What are you saying? Come on, mate. This is what it means. That thing. 133, 2702 at five, 60w QAM. We are absolutely rock solid. That's what we want to tell you. This after I stuff in front of self-centered. We're doing a hell of a job. They are really doing it. Can we do it without them? No way. You'd be 484 times on a pool. What's the best product you've discovered last couple of years? I'm lying banking 125. That kind of surprised you. I'm not really. I really love online. It's convenient, man. It's great. The internet 102, body wash, which was off to a phenomenal start to early and show, but I guess a lot of guys are really afraid to vote for that. 66, Tvo 57, portable generators 25, D-Me-D-4 and 24, perverts, Twitter, Priya, Priya, hybrid 22, how can that banana amount ice cream 21? Don't get started. If you do, don't blame me. Has that pint come in? I got a pint for you. Nutrogen 19, chainsaw 12, and flavor wave, oven only 7, so I met they see it. What the hell is that all about? I just, man, now that we've been through this before, like I said, we told you, you keep doing stuff the old fashion like these are the same people probably who are using the soap, you know? I'm caught on the body wash, I would imagine. Let's see the Xbox Live, somebody says, for online gaming. Yeah, Xbox, I'm what about the iPod. iPod mini. Okay. No, you don't think so? I told you. Some of our people got it. My kind of game will say, it's got power last night, but F-P-Mell still blows. How about the P-P if we're putting those on? I'm thinking, pardon? The PSP is like a portable PlayStation. Anything? Whatever you got. Okay, I don't have no PSP. I got ESP in, no I don't. I got the PSN. Whatever I got. I got plenty of nothing. Probably got some highlights from last night's to damn hockey game. Three times for. No, but stick. Coral you lock him or he's play, you saw it? That's the, my me, the Toronto Marlies, my me, my ass Toronto Marlies. Get him or her. Come on. I call for her. Get off my ass at you idiot. These fascists don't see it. You people ought to be locked up in jail. You propaganda this man. Herman Gehring and Joseph Gerbals and Hitler would all be proud of you people. You know, I was watching last night. You know what? We leave him starting to like now. And kind of embarrassed to admit it because it's always ripped him and asked. Who's that? Keith Olderman. Well, you can say in that. You've been saying you've been watching. I started liking a lot better. First of all, he's a good liberal boy, which is very unusual. And these never. To find somebody who's unabagently just ripped, pushed and asked and tells it like it is. And I'm taking to myself last night. If MSNBC had any brains, which they obviously don't or any balls. Instead of trying to be fox life, they would be the one that worked. That would be to the left. You know what I'm saying? Put more guys like him on there. Instead of this any with a bow tie, you know, mother Tucker Carlson. And what's his name? Read a cause be fox light and all this other crap. And then Joe Scarborough who's got the personality of a dead frog. How about a place where people to the left of Hitler can go and get some news and get a little bit of a different slide. And as if we can have fox on the year 75 yards to the right of a gangiest con, then how come we can't have a, then you're getting audience. Okay. They just don't understand that. They think because they tried to fill Donna, you was 600 years old and that's blocked that they can't do it. You idiots, you moron whoever's in charge of MSNBC. You're fairy anyway. Mike and the table says he's got also a nice nice artwork on here. What's the darkness of your body? Fris says, you know, Chris, no. Why do you better get to know Chris? Good job, by Chris, you bet. He's just happy birthday Neil. I'm trying to locate a home for sale on the same grid that Dan Rino's home is on. If anyone could call in with this information would be appreciated. I'm willing to pay a premium for a property with this price as a amenity. Also say once he's the National Guard around. Oh, National Guard my ass. So all in a rack. The National Guard are all in a rack. Aren't they last time I heard? Jason, you're on QA. I don't come on. I don't have any national guards in that's bad. See, you're staring at it up. I'm not. I did just a little taste. Okay. I made it. I got that. It's stirring it up. That sounds like Joe Rose talked to me. Stirring it up. That's what Joe loves to say. Good night. Joe doesn't have an audience anymore because he's on the horseball station. And he's pretty peoted by the front. I'm hearing. See, if this station wasn't screwed him over, we have it lit man. We would be in Hong heaven. We'd have Moa and there like five to seven in the morning. We'd have Joe seven to ten. We'd have a meat ten to two. Mad dog two to four where he belongs. We'd have Hank four to seven where he belongs. Oh, hey, start to make some progress now. But he was starting to make some progress. But now that we got these 85,000 of those terminal interviews. Oh, my god. Humber, get serious. When I heard that Ira Winderman was a see they lied to me a lot. It's a simple. I say may say in difference. When I heard he was going to be on again today. And then he excuses well. Jack got injured. But every time a heat player gets a hang out, it means we got to put him on for another half hour. Give him off of there for Christ's ace. Ira Winderbag. I'm like my ass shut up. What do you know? God is he pathetic. And I'm going to say it again. It's narrow casting because even as popular the heat may be the bandwagon people are jumping on. But if you're not in the NBA and he's on there forever, you're going to turn it off. It's narrow casting. Am I right? Yeah. Just like Bino. My God. If I'm going to go to the drug store right now, I'm going to give me some Bino. Because every time I think about Ira Winderman, I want to start making all him fart sounds that you want to go to this place. I start farting up his dorm. Ira Winderbag. When I squeaky, well, he's we got enough squeaky voices on the you're already. Are you going to say it? Yeah. We got Foxy, Roxie, we got Gilding. We got Lain Martins, which I wouldn't call him squeaky. I just call him like unintelligible. What would you call him? I don't see it. Here's a tip for the fact that it says, beware. Beware. Govern yourselves accordingly. Four warned is for our generator thieves are going into people's vacuards and starting up their lawnmower. So when they take the generator, they just still have a motor running before you know what they've been gone. I like that. You're hearing a lawnmower in the backyard. It's a surprise. It was just bringing a lawnmower inside and plugging everything in the van. It's just telling your producers to book up and use the sponge with a body wash. They must be trying to convince themselves they're not gay or they wouldn't give an F says. But I can't hear what that. I just don't understand what the big deal is about. So I'm telling you, I'm telling you, you're wasting a very good product and you're just not in your marketing the maximum effect. You see, there's another factor, too, that I think you can do. Is that I want to go to a whole song of the answer? It's really ponderous. But when you're using that scrubby thing, you're doing a much better job of washing yourself off than you are with your hand. I'm telling you. Is that a fact? Yeah, it is a fact because these things are like nylon. The texture of it is designed to wash to scrub the dead cells and the schmots in the crap off your body. As opposed to your hand, which is smooth unless you got like real and doing the work you're doing. You don't have like no construction workers hands. Push the button. Yeah, you're pushing the button. I think you're pushing some on all right. Crap. Bull crap. Right on the air. Anyway. That's it. Just tell me. Give it a shot this weekend. Okay. Monday will see if you're still lying. We'll see if people are going around all over town, pointing in and going. You're fair. Okay. I doubt it. Invest in which. How does anybody know if he was in that thing? That's what I don't understand everybody. Have a mic. What? We lie about it. We lie about it. We lie about it. You're telling me before the show you'll tell me. And we'll lie in the air for it. As long as you go in and punch the crap out of rubber group. This. We'll need you. Ray Labyrinth. He's who you idiot is. He's five, sixteen years. He's celebrating. That's incredible. It's a good job, yaksa. I feel a bit harder to get a heart for stars. Like he's a high horse. Like the sipp talk or my grandma. Strong and strong. I'm a little bit tired of my life I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I I I I I I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I have a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm a little bit tired of my room I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. I'm gonna be a little bit tired of you. If you like to have a lot of time alone with somebody try to fill in your mouth or walk into the woods and let me know about you. Me as well, there may be someone that will never let you to do it. You. I'm gonna be a good one. How's the idea to dance towards the right into the mic? I think it's the same thing I've done that. I'm busy reading this great facts. I'm gonna be a good one. Cookie and Charleston South Carolina says, longtime listener formerly from Miami and Alabama, Tim and Charleston. I will kiss you, but I'm not great you are because you've been confirmed as you are. Yes I am, Cookie. While listening to a Friday November 4th, I couldn't believe you mentioned the documentary, standing in the shadows of Lothan. I sure did. It's our all-time favorite since my heart will likely be on H.B. Oh, oh. Since then, we purchased over 20 copies for gifts to friends, headed on during dinner parties. A monumental historic visit to Milestone, and a $5.00 box of Walmart. What music? It's the only thing that has been forgotten and how one goes. I'm so proud to be with you. There's a lot of people. And she says, don't ask for in his rendition. What becomes of the broken heart? No worries at on here. It's cut to eight. It's fantastic. Nothing short of fantastic to say at least. Don't ask for it and Ben Harper or God's degree. The sad part of the entire city is very talented. Another fun part is his, that you see no more of these. The many of my boxing doesn't realize that. They must be sad. We can say very pretty, exploited them. We can say the least. Nice ball of cookie. This is the American cheese. You'll love the song standing in this instant. Very old, moving. And also purchase a thousand. In Charles' soundtrack. Nothing can be filed as the name. The music is so good. I have this and I have many. I have many. I have me. The music is so good that it is. I can't even put it in the world. She can't say it. She can't say it. I can't even put it in the world. She can't say it. If you want to buy one DVD. Okay. You don't have to be in old fart like me. But if you just like Motan, I think there are a lot of young people like Motan. Am I right? Yes. Probably cooking in some old bag. But the fact that a matter is if you like Motan music and if you just, it's just so good. I can't even describe it to you. Got the story that guys who made all the music. And then when you see them playing their instruments and doing their thing and then these are different. All of these are different vocalists of course. All of them are very good. Except for Chaka Khan. God, what he put that. What are you laughing about? What's wrong with Chaka Khan? She sucks. She can't say. That's what's here. You can play a little Chaka Khan with what's going on. If you can understand, if you can understand one word that this bitch says in a song, then I'll give you a body wash. Martin, Martin, as long as he's brain. You watch another quote up in the head. Come on, daddy, should be again. Can't believe his face. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Say what? Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Turn it. Yeah, stop. Forget about it. That's bad. That's bad. And you're close to being bad. It's so worst. And it's such an insult because all the other people on her bootsy columns and Gerald Leverd and Ben Harper and Jonas, but they're also great. And then they bring her. I don't understand it. Where the hell did they dig her ass off with that ass? I know you want to dig me. But I'll do it. And you'll get me to go. You might have to dig me. Go your sympathy. That's wrong. But you'll be dead, but to me. And you'll have to dig me. And you'll be gone. And you'll be gone. And you'll be gone. Keep my head to move. And you'll be dead. And you'll be dead. Just don't be me. You'll be dead. And you'll be dead. And you'll be dead. And you'll be alive. And you'll be dead. And you'll be dead. And you'll be dead. Oh, no. There's no tragedy. Anyway, I'm sure that you actually wouldn't like it. So don't get it for him. You'll be with Bob and I said. Alright. Standing in the shadows of Moton, baby. You've gone by this DVD. And if you don't like it. Like that. Thanks for watching. Cookies said you're dead. Cookies said you did. I mean, it is just awe inspiring. It's amazing. These guys are so great. You talk about some serious talent. Talent. That's what it's at. That's how it's at. as opposed to some people who fake their way through life and anyway. Somebody's so called musicians and so called singers who pedal crap. I wouldn't give you a 50 cent, not to mention a name. Seriously, a lot of swirl out today. You know, you can knock me all you want for like an older music, but most of the stuff in last 15, 20 years. Most of it is crap. It's garbage. Wrap my ass on second thought. Don't. Okay, what do we got so far? We got over 500 votes, 514 and not guarantee if I wouldn't waste it so much time, we'd be happy to be up to date. We'd have had a whole lot more products on here, but you know what to bet. That's right. Oh, I never got to this story. Before we do the anything, with a few words on their t-shirts, Abercrombian fish lets young women send the message. Who needs a brain when you have these? In fact, that's why I played Boomsilak because I wouldn't even leave it in this story. Yeah. A group of female high school students have a message for Abercrombian fish, stopped degrading us. The alligator county pencil then you grow so starting to boycott or girlcott as they're calling it of the retailer. Well, all I can say to them is, the campaign conceived three weeks ago and you know what I'm using right now? My flavor wave deluxe. I got a brought worst cooking on there on the one side. I can smell it in here right now. The campaign conceived three weeks ago during the group some monthly meeting went national Tuesday, and we see today's show. We're telling girls to think about the fact that they're being degraded. Emma Blackman, Mathithus, a 60-year-old sure the group told Red Eye on Tuesday. We're all going to come together in this one effort to fight the message that we're getting from pop culture. See, this is the thing about me. You know, guys admire women's beauty, et cetera, and you're talking about women's beauty. And it's the same old glorious sign. I'm all there. I'm using us and they're exploiting us, exploit my ass. But you said a third say. I've heard the truth to where. Amber Cramby's been lightning rod for criticism in 2003. A catalog containing photos of the topless women in bare bottom men provoked so much. I've raised a company pulled the publication. Amber Cramby's got the best catalog on anywhere I don't care what you say. Last year after the US Olympic gymnastics team, Pailman and Gold Medal, a company sold t-shirts with the phrase, Ellis for loser next to a picture of a gymnast on the ring. So shirts were pulled from the rest after US a gymnast, it's called for boycott. Whenever Cramby backed out of those cases, it shows no signs of doing so this time, no. Our clothing appeals to a wide variety of customers. These particular t-shirts. I laughed at that. These particular t-shirts have been very popular among a del women. They're marketed. The company spokesman said his name. You laughed at what? That, Abercramby goes out to a wide variety of people. Perverts? No. There's two, uh, preppy girls. Yeah. News of the girl caught head and reached the honor card. 20 was applying for a job at the Amherk Army in Fitts during your water tower place on Tuesday. But, any of these, she doesn't do the protest going to work. I think it's only older people that have a problem with it. She said, old funny that these teenagers don't have a problem with it. She sees the shirts as funny, not offensive. And it's not to be taken seriously. And she happens to be, Absolutely correct. I'm so sick and terribly marical on these. It's a life is a beach. Oh, that's disgusting. It's like watching a movie there that Donna Shalely, over there, do you? Oh, we have balls. That's disgusting. A few to receive money. He doesn't have any balls. Yeah, we know that honey. Well, if you take a look at the girl that's leading the boycott or girlcott, whatever you don't want to. We'll try to tell me, Dijk. Oh, yeah. Well, what I try, yeah. What did I say when I say, if I had a head in mind? Could there be any dude? Oh, and also the second judge out for the late trial. They've got two days after the late one of fight to get a new judge in the case. Prosecutors yesterday, as they've seen the outstanding Republican responsible for selecting the new judge. So it's musical judges for Tom Bale. How do you like that? Hey, Tommy. You're fairy. Nice job. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562A. Well, still. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. I can't get over what that new judge is. He's got a lot of noise at the door, about me that way. Yeah. I don't give a crap what that very best is saying. It's the one that's called things like that. That's why I'm talking about you. Every morning at the window, I said, he elevated down and not my way to the car. When I told him that I'd give a free condo. Think about that. That's all he's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. The boy's a fact and how. Why do you. I'm not going along you sport whole food. I know I've been thinking so and I'm in bad mood. Why I even know all the new mudjohn rules. I've been for the drive that he or. You said you always passed a day. Those are bad days, you and I hate you for a day. I know I ain't no way to foil and he. But when they draft my voice, what's it? You little smoothing the boy. When the boy. That's what the boy's a fact and how. It's a fact and how. It's a fact and how. That's what the boy's a fact and how. Bye, bye, bye, bye, hey, hey go get it by myself x2