Hello, I hear her. I thought I heard. Oh, I was just wrestling around. I didn't realize it. I never know if the pot is open or if you're just smoking it So did you hear your voice? I missed you last week. How we out when you were I'd let's see. I was on Tuesday and you were out Ilon. Yeah, boy. Was I sick Tuesday? Really? What do you have bad bowl of grits something like that? Yeah? Yeah You have a bad bowl of grits. It gives you something around with grits I didn't know that. Oh, yeah, it was the other end. It's the pits. Oh, I see really yeah Well, that's bad. Yes, but I'm okay now Go to Las Vegas tomorrow. Well, there you go. So I'm gonna Vegas and I'm gonna Niagara Falls. How do you like that? You are? Yeah Why are you gonna Niagara Falls? Tunched my guts out at the brand new fall That's right. You never give you a place. You you'd love that place. Yeah, they got it all there They got you all you know, it's not just slots. They got the whole gamut like Vegas Yeah, then I was playing there a couple of weeks ago and lady comes up to me So we are with the outfit on so obviously she's official she stands she knew my name too Because once you put the card in the machine yeah in a computer room they can read your shoe size and everything Your whole life history and she said well, we see you're a serious player We'd like to invite you to come back as often as you want it will take care of your room and we'll take care of your meals Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and finally getting smarter my old age All the times that I went to Vegas and paid for rooms that I could have gotten for nothing I'm a shrunk. I have never paid for room in Las Vegas. Yeah, and mainly because I know people in the business out there So and the thing of it is I'm not like a huge gambler I mean relatively speaking I'm not gonna go there and lose 10 or 20 grand, but I guess if they see they're serious It's especially and I like a tourist like in Vegas in Niagara Falls, you know Or most people come through and they bet you know 50 here 100 there 20 bucks whatever Las Vegas is not so liberal with the cops anymore really now you have to be a pretty big substantial player in order to get everything free And the great thing about the falls view casino is all rooms over look to falls Yeah, you know, you want to play jumping and I said I was just gonna say Usually knows, but you know they never have windows that open in Las Vegas hotels Yeah, that's a good point. Yep. Well, it's 118 degrees in the shade Yeah, you don't want anyway, but there are other times a year when it's not a window and cooler off in here Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like one time years ago I was driving through California in a summertime and I was looking death valley, you know, yep, and oh I made a bad mistake of and of course there was a year ago I had this clunky old car and I didn't want like run a year conditioning to myself I thought well let me just crack a window with a to clock at night. You know is dark and Man, I shut that thing real quick. It just got real steamy real fast I've driven that last Vegas the Los Angeles and yeah, you get the bar store and you see that there's a when you get in a bar So next to a bank there's a big clock outside with the temperature on right They say about 108 you know 112, you know summer. I don't know how people can stand that Not if it's any great shit crap about the dry heat And Vegas, 110 it only feels like one oh nine, you know exactly It's a crap and everything you touch you know you get that static electricity and like you know Not that I don't like Vegas, but I never will go back really you've got to go back to Las Vegas now Yeah, why should I go there when I can go in an hour and 20 minutes I can got my own driver here We can drive into Niagara Falls in an hour and 20 minutes and I got everything there could possibly want and I'll kind of rate restaurants They have a restaurant in the falls you call the famous which in the relation of the South Florida one Man's name good. I got several restaurants You know Las Vegas still has great restaurants, but I don't like Las Vegas as much as I don't enjoy it as much as you do Yeah, because probably for the same reasons you don't have to go there anymore right I'm afraid anywhere So and I mean I mean it's not what it used to be I was in YKK in a Y6 times two years ago and it was great But I would never go back there because it just too damn much of a hassle to get there It's too far and the bin there and it's too crowded and you know as you get old like us Yeah, you're attitude about some things change. You know the first the first time you go to Vegas So for a few times it's very exciting, you know like I'll glitz the all the lights in there Everything is going 24-7, but after a few times you get kind like burnout I agree especially from South Florida because the one thing about South Florida. I'll get back to what the guy was saying before about the Marlins Yeah, see this is this is a no-brainer I've said this for many many years. I mean, you know, we both use that term bush league town, but there's no passion There's no passion. That's why the Marlins could win a world series every year and there still wouldn't be any passion It's just it's just not there. I often asked a question I never got the answer where do these people who were from New York from the Midwest? What did they do before they came to town? Well, what what was their entertainment? What was their past time? What were they interested in? Because it's sure nothing that's going on there now. No, whether it's whether it's the Marlins whether it's hockey Whether it's a horse racing no matter what it is South Florida is just a hot bit of indifference Very well put, you know, but not agree with you more. Yeah, they just they just aren't pad the only thing they're passionate about is the early bird dinners and getting a free Reason you all in the baseball team. Would you put it in Florida? No chance listen before the show before I'm talking to you. I was telling Josh again about watching the Tampa Bay games That I'm serious you could have your own stadium not just your own section you could own the stadium for like a minimum They they played the blue days played down there a few days ago. I'm watching on TV and they're couldn't have been 500 people They're I don't care what they said the attendance in the paper was like 6400 They're couldn't have been 500 people there was nobody there. How can they have a franchise? You know a part of the problem I think is or one of the reasons why they can't draw it on here is Have to population that's ambulatory ways in the summer right and the rest of it Haven't I said that for years that baseball is a summertime sport and half the population is gone Almost all several long anyway, they would more than 10 bucks who'd been before to get out of town How does you go on yep So you're going to Vegas tomorrow? Yep, my annual July fourth trip. Yeah after the show Yeah, and then I'm in that lane next week of got the Hollywood goal cup next Saturday. Do you run vacation next week? Well, I'm vacation from this I have to be doing the show I don't know they haven't told me I don't think I want it Yeah, well we can work that number down to about a one It's plummeting in that direction. Yeah, well, they're they're doing their best to a very well-eyed, but you know we'll survive They're doing all of us. Wow. How do you account for a WIN Z number flu? Yeah, I'm getting tired these flu Yeah, seems like every year I don't want to know it's pretty hard. I think what we ought to do is not pay attention to the monthly is anymore because they don't mean anything Yeah, they really don't because the sample is so small and then when it can't find anybody who speaks English It's really very difficult. I mean this last trend the other day was So heavily ethnic that you know, and you watch how 105 were like doubling their audience and What are you among B would all the old the green two two wheels? It's just There's no credibility there We have the other four We're stationed in Dutu-Hadi. Huh? That other sports station Yeah, we see all are keep telling these people here. We're saying oh, you know, we know nothing But I keep telling them it's not important that see their motto is it's not important that we succeed But the competition fails. Well, that that doesn't get the job done, you know I mean we already know that they suck and other than Joe they got nothing on the year. Oh, and not only listen Yeah, this thing with very jackass column this morning. I just had a Before the show I had an unconfermed confirmation on this yeah Jimmy's Stiffless and Joe doing the dolphin games That's what they were saying. Yeah, if Jimmy's cephalode as the dolphin games That could be even a bigger bonehead moved in Greg weed in the bees. He's never made that That's got to be the dumbest thing Jimmy's Tiffless is a nice guy But a play by playing after the dolphins for anybody in FL I've never heard Jimmy do play by play. Oh come on come on Well you're talking about my friends again No, I understand I know your buddies with these people I'm very close. It's Jimmy business. It's not personal. It's this but I've never heard him do play by Oh my goodness holy Macanom is he every fun play by play? I don't know but that's the point Wouldn't you bring in somebody from outside? It's just like this now? Who is it? You know who you like it does the barley games on television there's all these other people available at it Let the guy that does the Washington games did I discuss this with you before the water in the game? They used to do the oil games on TV which guy? I don't know who you're talking. Mel Proctor. Oh, I know Mel Proctor is outstanding He sounds a lot like the late Chuck Thompson. He sounds very much like Chuck's I'll say a guy who's out there Wait a minute wait a minute. They stayed they moved Montreal. I got a new friend. She has a Washington Instead of like putting some kids that they found on a street quarter with a microphone on the year They bring in a of an experience pro who's a great broadcast Who's from the end to the market right? They bring in a guy that nobody ever heard of before he used to do Recording to a tape recorder. We all the real tape recorder and see atle somewhere Well, there is I know Mark champion is available He's absolutely play by play. I'm doing good and they're gonna bring in Jimmy syphilis. Oh, please I'm sorry. See there go pick out on your buddies again Hey Jimmy. I'm not gonna do it. What's it on my time wasn't me? Well, now what race are you doing the Hollywood gold cup? Okay? What difference does it make? It's a race Very well said that's right There's something going right it could be cockroaches running around the track Yep two minutes till the seventh of winter last night here we go for Marty Adler I bet you're on this one. Let's try it already son. Well, listen have a great day Thank you, too. Not gonna be losing the day. I'm golfing today. Oh good. I'll don't bet too much on that I won't for sure. I'm like good. We go for me. Oh, do do do do Actually, I'm golfing with a couple of guys from the dolphins organization Oh, my old friend spot your friend who he has a spot on his left eyes that we call him spot Your dog. I can we all dog to me. Is he a guy? See you one of these days. I hope so. Okay And below Riley is considered a journalist much like Jeff Ganond But never spent low passionate night so the White House between Scott McLeod's legs Nora F. Ron Hollywood's warmest act brings you over the first time on television A story that will never go away long as there's atrocities to cover up run away bride He would critics are saying about runaway bride Larry King of certain me not news This is the worst piece of crap I ever watched this oh look at this size of this jack Like I was a runaway bride Greatest bill member made Bob she for a CBS news thanks for the check runaway bride is Oh, he don't give me so light up like the obedient lemon you are to see runaway bride Oh, 1009 at 560 W. Q. M. Happy Thursday, Tuesday June 30. Look June 1 30 it's already without happy to this month See that's one of our freighters that this whole summer thing is gonna go by so fast like a bro I'm going back to that fight. Oh, we crap. I say that starting today and I'm not doing it Well, yes, I am Because we had a bad trend it was down. I'll know wasn't as bad as some sports station that I can think of But again, it's not important that they failed it's important that we succeed right I hate to break the news to some of our people trying like oh Well G18 to 34 they had a zero they had a point oh last great, you know first of all It's not a demographic second about I got a few wired diaries the previous months so they started thinking like they're really hot stuff and they're not But this story here I was gonna say let's so forget the trends Let's start just working on one of the book comes out because arbitron can't find a white people who's speaking Listen sound Florida So once every three months luckily our people get dire reason they do a real good job and they wire I mean they fill them out for us and that's it and it's all we can hope for You know my blood sugar was this morning? I dare not ask what's I need to oh? Burn us 72 it's fine. I blood sugar in the morning has been 72 since before Abelinkin was a baby Right I school in the island They're not even all that ice cream. I'm not losing a lot of well wait actually on this thing The one thing I have found on the acins and a lot of people like to poop who it Yeah a lot of people like to poop who but the The bottom line is that with me it my blood chemistry it's straightens at our real grade my blood sugar and my all these other things cholesterol It doesn't I don't know and that's because I'm not I gotta go out as soon as the temperature gets under 90 I'm gonna go start walking every day very good. It's free to not in human anyway the dolphins were moving their games from QAM 5 60 to 7 90 to ticket rights very jackass this morning have offered their radio analyst job to Joe Rose and Interested pairing him with former dolphins teammate Jimmy Sifyllis according to a face as close to the situation Seriously like I just had to hang if that's their idea of putting the other abroad cast team for the dog for an NFL professional team The name needs some serious help. I mean get real we replace you clowns you fools you You're fairie Rose to come and you know Joe could do a fine job on the cover. You know he's no man dog, but nobody is Oh right, I'll do a good job, but Jimmy Sifyllis is gonna be to play by play guy This is the best you can do Rose is to climb to discuss the matter recently originally say he wasn't interested in the job because of time constraints But numerous associations expect him to accept the gig Sephelo WPLG's lead sportscaster was on vacation unavailable on Wednesday But a city has interest in the dolphins radio job ESPN announced him in 7 90 top post boog shabby was considered further for the play by play job after NBC 6 Refusal our news anchor Tony Siger reddow to accept the position Remember that But just reading it again makes me want to scream But recently the team which controls the announcer hires has become intrigued about pairing two dolphins in the booth Shombie would be a top candidate if Sephelo and the team know which is the only play by play position But I heard from an inside source this morning before the show that it's basically a done deal Jimmy Sifyllis doing play by play for a team that had the great Rick Weaver and the more Howard David Put Jimmy Sifyllis on there do the games what an infond the man people are jumping off the tops of buildings now Just hearing that news Exactly Anyway, we got to one hell of a show today or not and of course it will depend technically enough the audio of all crashes Let it get some spots in before we hear how many more You Know our from Boca people in Middle East must be assured that We will investigate Now it seems to me that they know just what to say that we will find out the truth talking point Medellins and Belgium are the only other two countries that love the imagination white candidates house a common Past legislation too the as I said when moments ago that would legalize the emergency sentence expected a pass to the baba the end of July Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero noted this into vaping for the vote And of course the US all not in the USA. Oh, no, not that factory. You're gay. Right We got to have some scapegoat all the time. Yeah, you know The victory is just running a abundant US and it never will stop Anyway, here's our pool today. I'm tempted to do a beat curtain thing day on a beat curtain today. We got the naked pictures of Britney Spears and Kate Holmes and Tom crew right do it together. I'll do it in it. He's just really he's annoying me now The people I just want to I want him to have like a bad car wreck or something. You know remember Mark Campbell I'm going to have a bad car wreck right in his event. I want to see something that happened to Tom Cruise only with a much worse result And come out like a vegetable. He just he's just annoying yourself and I was saying the George before the show this morning I have there's one big difference so between him and Mel Gibson What's that and that is well for getting about that? Mel Gibson made a crap load of money from the Jesus crab Okay, and the Jesus Jews right but but this this time and now they said across 120 million conservatively to make this will be the most Irrespective movie to make of all time although I'm hearing reviews now that are like mixed A lot of very good ones people raving about a George saw the movie and he said well it was very spectacular to see But there was real story and it was pretty much just a point by point copy of the original Yeah, I'm nothing with a original see here except it was more expensive There was a serphe unacceptable and same ending but worse How do you like that so the point being that the movie actually be lucky to break even because they're saying they're actually cost like 200 million to make it if you put all the crap together Well the good news of the Zem is that there's no competition out there. It's really bleak summers far as a good Manga and Josh was saying that you guys have been Friendly searching for the original war the world yeah, it's been on it's been on my cable here like a hundred times in Land two weeks it's all over the place. I mean I've got I haven't ordered it online yet I've been trying to find that you know and you know shops here physically and I haven't been able to I see my rent or La Hacca and my I like I start to say I don't want to ask that question What radio do you listen to between seven and 10 a.m. we're asking today 249 votes out That was only gonna be a preliminary poll. I was gonna sneak in there But based on the trends yesterday and based on the fact that the you people aren't putting Hank down in the morning Is that is that because you're not listening or is it because you hate Mike Burrido is it because you despise Aura and what what to stir either? It quarry minds would like to know because that too to you know it looks very attractive on the hump or but you know never Like The numbers got to move a little bit a lot you know what I'm saying what do you say so we're trying to find out What do you listen to most between seven and 10 a.m. Hank 63 he's sure I'm doing okay with our crowd 26.3 percent None no radio in the morning before 10 45 era America 32 that is scary that's our coming pink or liberal crowd out there are politically oriented intellectuals like the ones here calling me show all the time other FM 27. I want what could that be why Santa want to make a list of every station Right so I put down you know as many as I could NPR 22 Waxy the ticket 15 okay, let's see Hank's go up 63 and Waxy 15 not that good pollen Ron 15 other way in 14 Wild 5 which would be What's his name rhymes with direct back lendback very week? At least part of that time period why 100 three 1194 to magic to 80 R's go one that's not our crowd WDR. That's a bunch of punks That are driving on a highway with a radio just cranking the speakers are all coming right through the dashboard They're cranking it and they're spanking it kisses go one power 96 one Steve came Mr. Ego's go one nice Thanks for voting Steve and the rest of the coast has none W8 and I what is WHDR? I just broke these down from the trends the other day I don't know see I would see this is what happens when he keeps changing call letters in a format 75 minutes Nobody even knows what time your station is what is W H the R? Oh, that might be a new rock station what they change at the call letter. What used to be Zeta? No, no, what you know that's R L M G E That's mega it's the new 93 rock 33 one what what is HDR yeah HDR well that's not Zeta Zeta's 92 going to No, it took over be the rock station 94 nine oh Life none how 105 none a radio mom v none it's because old green was said To green was in two plus so Julios over the age of a hundred see I came back because that nice winning morning yesterday It would buy and I was telling Josh to story. I want him to play slots and I thought did you have just in time to hear you say that Number one in men was a radio mom v 18 plus and I thought well That's not a problem for us because all of their audiences over the age of a hundred So it gets to 2554 they got like a point five. I looked at you know they got nothing W to see m q none and W m g e none will see m q does very very well, but again, not our crowd, you know Because we just we just cannot compete with the No speaking in ways crowd. It's just that's a matter of fact now my opinion Because southward and now they're just it's more and more it's becoming a foreign country when I was there the four days I went in one day to my favorite public satire by saw grass And I'm talking about the people of work there. I'm talking about the customers no speaking in place It was like uh, pop pop pop like that like walking into a like going on the sub grass Nobody speaking in place. I thought what is this all about? I mean how did I have this change so fast? What's going on here? He be a vase Have it Ellie and boy talk about multiplying fast Which is Watching every year Me I'm back on a wild phone. I'm a ghost Christian down wild. I'm a beast of broken bones. I've seen scouts of my deep and low blows. I'm a down wild phone. Guess what? Just I'm seeing it again for about 10 seconds. Candle coffee. Hey, Candle coffee for closures. Okay. Get lost. Get off my screen already. Man, just the same garbage. I think taking a TV like tossing off my balcony. Be a really good idea. At least be between 10 and 2. Think we ought to take some calls. I understand you had some technical problems yesterday. And I'm looking on here on our website. I see eight dropouts already. It's only like 10. 33. So in a half an hour that we've been on already. Our internet streaming has dropped out eight times. So we have a technical nightmare at WQ and we just can't seem to get anything working. Initially the audio evolved crashed and they had some interviews and siliests. Fortunately, we did with Carlos Delgado and it was bleeding over in the phone line. So George went for an hour and a half and couldn't take any phone calls. Because obviously interviewing Carlos Delgado is a lot more important than whatever's on the ear. Especially if it's that pain in the ass George. Right. So this is the kind of shenanigans that are going on at WQA. I got news for you, man. They need to ask kicking some of these people. They need a real serious ass kicking in that building. And I just might come down to one of these days and do it, but don't hold your breath. WQA, I'm hello. I'm sorry to be like this. Our phones work in the A, let's hear it. All right. That's a good start. I'm still here. I'm still connected. I'm working at WQA. I know you're a big fan of Tom Cruise, but I'll be doing it. I'm not going to be with you. I'm going to be with Tom Cruise. I'm going to be with you. I'm going to be with you. You see that interview with Matt and Howard? About 8,000 times. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm a two days late. I was out in Vegas. And I want to work on your box. Why is my fan? Hey, if you win, it's a good day, right? Hey, if you go home with your clothes on, it's a great day. Have you been there recently or not? No, I'm not going back. Really? Now let me ask you something a lot of guys. I'm going to ask you, do you listen to Hank here in the morning? You know what? I hate to say it, but I'm really tired of sports. Talk. It kind of blows. It's all about the name stuff. And in the middle of the year, don't say you're afraid to say it. Just that we want to true. Well, in the middle of the summer, there's nothing going on. I'm a big hockey fan. And how bad is it when I got to watch basketball to take the place or something else? You know, you are wife said to me, why, since when do you like basketball? Right. And is that when it's nothing on? You know, so, you can't put it in the heart of October. So, a week, you know? I got a more interesting thing. Okay. Tunger got out, pal. Okay, there he goes. He, I don't listen to those, you know, when he was sports talk. But your clearance is upset about that. He's tired of sports talk. He's very, very hurtin' the same people talking about the same stuff. That's just on one stage, but now two stations. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa. I know it was. Papa, two. Papa. You know, so now to make me take the two. I think what we need to spice it up a little. Because I got a huge pile here today, because I'm older than the show's twice. We've sort of got a lot of stuff, but I know you like that. I do. I don't care. He's not saying I think it's really interesting. Finally, out why these people are what the story is, see, I think they're bearing the Humphor, which is very said. I think they're like, you've got a death wish for him. That format isn't abortion. And then they continue. I come in here this morning, I turn it on. I hear nothing but spots and spots and spots and then we got to traffic and a weather when they're in the this and then there's like an open for Mike Burrido. It's got his own open. If it isn't our, it's Mike. You know, I want to hear the Humphor. I don't want to let it's the Hank Goldberg show. I want to hear Hank. I don't want to hear some flunky sports writer for a horse ball newspaper. Okay. I want to hear the Humphor. Guys, only got to create our show. He's in a, off from Benton horses half the week. At least let him do a show and quit putting these fluckys, these losers on the year who are killing us over here. Clarence. WWE QAN. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. I have a question for George. I saw work over there. He's not all the other days calling him on his own. Please. I've heard of Maro. Good. Yeah. Calm tomorrow. I'm going to say to the earth that I hate more than Hank Goldberg. Why is that? Because he just, first of all, he's not quite as knowledgeable as sports. He thinks he is. Secondly, he's just like a rude, grouchy fat bastard. And, you know, I have no interest in losing him. No, Joe Rose is also terminal. So, I don't listen to sports. So, what do you listen to in the morning? I just kind of wander angiously through the FM stations. Right. So, let's all like, come on. Until Jorge or you come on. Well, thank you, sir, that we love your man. Because I love you and I love Jorge. OK. Hank, hey, too, but we love you. That's fine. See. Well, okay, don't like Hank. That's OK. I understand that. I mean, there are people that hate me like Poisoner. A lot of people hate you. Mostly, you know, I don't know. I don't know. Inside the building. But, uh, interesting. He's, uh, the sports talk thing. See, there's nothing going on, boys. And, Rose, there's nothing going on. You know, there's basketballs over with last time I checked. Even the NBA draft is over with. There's no hockey. The guy before said he's a hockey fan, which is like five of them in South Florida. There's a little hockey with Bob Cole, Tampa Bay, and Calgary. He has seven given the San Macabre files, whatever it was. See, and like I also said, Hank, this morning, there's no passion for any of these things in town. It's just a place where like, uh, it's a lot of land. It really is. Although when you hear, wait to get this story. Okay. Can't restrain myself. I can't hold this game. Good. Guess what? City is the fastest growing city in the USA. Las Vegas. No. Arizona. You never would have heard of the name of this town. So I'll give you a clue in the city. Gilbert, that's it. Are you heard of that place? No. Consider a move to Gilbert, Arizona. If you're looking to trade in that two bedroom home for four bedrooms and a pool in the backyard. Okay. Everywhere we go, even back in the Midwest, you hear Gilbert all the time. Just Karen Breeden, who moved to the Phoenix, several last week from South Bend, Indiana, where there has been in two chillins. People come here because they were good jobs. It's pretty affordable. And offers lots for the families too. She said, Gilbert, please. Gilbert, count the list of the fastest growing cities with at least 100,000 people. But the new number show residents blocking the mid-sized cities in Florida, Arizona, Nevada and California. You know, this one thing in common all those places? No, what? Warm weather places. Oh yeah. Yeah. Herp by scar-rocketing housing prices. People are leaving San Francisco, Boston other large cities in droves. They're bailing up. Gilbert, who by more than 46,000 people are 42 percent to just over 150,000 residents in the little over four years, wait until you hear what's the number two? You will absolutely drop a giant load on that chair. Okay? It's right up to street from where you're sitting right now. A lot of places are. Boca begins with an M. Miramar. Yeah. Really? Oh, good luck with them. Yeah. Next on the list, ranked by percentage gain was Miramar Florida, followed by North Las Vegas, porching loosely and Roosevelt, California, rounding out the top 10, where Henderson, Nevada, Chandler Arizona, Kate Crawl Florida, and Rancho Cucamanga, and Irvine, both in California, which of course is a real place, Don Irvine, Jr. Am I your partner? Rancho Cucamanga is a real place. Yeah. You never heard of that? I heard of Cucamanga. That sounds like a meh-up. But if you're with California, see his Mr. Coususia at home. Oh, let's see. Here's also for the poll. Mark from Hell and Dale Beach is satellite radio. Oh, that's right. Why didn't we put that on there? Let's let them in. Well, let's add that on there. This isn't really a building poll. I got stations that haven't been invented yet, but that have lost their license. How does that license come in, by the way, Clarence? Sports talk blows as Mark PSK, pops a good work George. Well, there's see we love Mark too. He's happy. He's a very happy piece. He's one of those. How many people we've got left now, according to that trend? I've turned, man. When it comes to what you've seen, it's a little while, you've seen your watchers. Hold on. Who's with you if I see the game? He's with you. Howard David's a bitch. One time of the 40 yearless, three to go on top 40. Keeping your weight on a continuous loop, 24 hours a day. Seven days a week. I'm Casey Castro, we started the countdown at number 40 with Gini and a bottle from Christine Aguilera. At number 39, Christine Aguilera and Gini and a bottle. Add number 30, Gini and a bottle from Christine Aguilera. At number 37, Christine Aguilera and Gini and a bottle. And now, going in at number 36, Christine Aguilera, Gini and a bottle. I like it. 14 before 11 o'clock at 5.60. If you want to take a look at that award-winning lineup, see if there's anybody in town, at least working. We got more Howard David. He's a little bit more man. He got seriously. Rick Weaver, Howard David and Jimmy Siffles. I mean, you people over there on that cross is street. I think you part of it just keeps getting better. Yeah. Are you not going to mow man? No, no, no, no. You can knock a lot of things except don't be for you in a series of the marlins are looking to break even right? And it was the first two I believe. That's right. And they won it a thriller last night. Well, the 13 in these I think. Yeah, almost five hours. Wow. And marathon last night. In fact, Josh was just exhausted. That's right. And I probably didn't even have time to go home and use his flavor wave deluxe. And it was been commended. But right, graves at the Marlin 705 at the same 80K follows the baseball game. Tom Shaman, CKW, there's a new format. The ball can do it. See sports talk radio is done. Did not tell you, must have always on the way out. And I also attended the back last spring where we had Moan and Morning in Joe Rose, Moan Joe. They think, took our Mojo man. Yeah. They stole our Mojo. His Mike Maris would say good Canadian boy that he is. And all of a sudden, but a beat, put a book down. There were people say, oh, Howard Stern at Big Numbers. Yeah, but we already knew they had a time. At least anybody with a brain knew that it was going to be like really dangerous for us to put that on here. He will not be on the air again in South Florida, other than satellite radio. Okay. Trust me when I tell you. And he should have been on the first place. At least not on this station. Greg. But they don't want to listen to me because I know nothing. I'm a little bit like that. I don't have been in the market about how many years. I've turned me. I know nothing. So we had a big spring book. Everything was going to hunky during a scoot over your roads and live and live. Kept canceling meetings and not showing up for meetings. And they just struggled along until they could put the steering thing on. And that blew up in our face like an H bomb. And now here we are now. Second wind. What radio do you listen to between 7 and 10 am? I was like I said, going to do that as an interim pool. But I think we'll leave it on there all day. Give a little, you know, a little of our own information. Find out what the hell is going on out there. 116 votes. And I and other thing of course being able to keep changing the format. So often that just maybe because they do that. Some of these people out there, the sports nerds they have a scorecard, you know, they keep scored baseball games. You have to have a scorecard to keep track of who they'll's on a station anymore. Any mole. Hank over 79. None. 55. Error America 38. And who's on in the morning? Do we have any idea before Jerry Springer? Are there America? Yeah. I've got it. Like 6 to 9 am. I haven't got any idea. Other FM 35. NPR has got. But third man. Watchy of the ticket 21. Hank 79. Watchy 21. Paul and Ron 21. Other AM 15. You know, like those little Marshall five-awesome stations. WIO Goli five. Y 104. Mr. Ego 3. So I guess he and little Brian and Nick all voted so far, right? Hi, assume. Hey, Nick. Oh yeah, he's still around. Magic 3. 114 2. Setlight radio. 115. 12 EDR. One. Let's hear. We got an EDR. Hi, hip hopper. Kiss. One guy out there is kiss in it. We're the coast. WHD or whatever that is. WLYF. Wacky. Radio Mombi. WTCMQ and WMG. We have no volios man. Although it seems to me we've already talked to one or two. We have no volios. Yeah, we do them. Because of Alien, with alienity. The whoios that listen to Spanish language are listening to Spanish language, not us. Yeah, so what does that mean? So you're not going to get any votes. First of all, radio Mombi. I mean, it's, uh, you have to be over the 80 of 100 and have real green. Right. And in a glass. Right. And play a lot in domino park. They don't speak English. They're not over here. Listen. I do understand that. But I'm saying they're generally speaking. How about WCMQ? That's the one that's got that hot morning show. What I got. It's very funny. And this is, uh, a lot. I reckon. Yeah. What we don't do. We say for their CNQ, I have no. See, this whole crack of the clock. That's what it is about the similar. The assimilation process. A few people will just be patient. And another 400 years. The assimilation process will take place. And there will be anybody left to speak English in South Florida. No, no. It doesn't mean by assimilation. You can go through doing a fine job with assimilating. I got it. Yeah. Right. Right. And right in a way. I think is what you see. You're looking for. U.S. suspected of keeping secret prisoners on worships according to UN official. I don't want to get two serious nine notes in middle of the summertime. We don't want no bummer in the summer. But. In fact. I know. Ladies and gentlemen. Tom Shannon show. See. Tell me. The moon is. See. What do you say? 90 share eases. Marker. I love that. Anyway. U.S. is secretly tending terrorism suspects in various locations around the world. Notably a board prison ship. Do you want special. Rapper tour on terrorism said. Rapper tour. That's that's the word here. No, not. Never heard a message. Did they need you? Nope. A rapper tour. I wonder if that's like an ocean. Provocateur. He's an ocean. Provocateur. Yeah. A rapper tour. He's an ocean. Provocateur. Yeah. A rapper tour. Who's got a great. Repot. Well, the accusations were rumors. Repot tour. They got that in here twice. What is this from? Something. A.A.B. These are very, very serious accusations that the US is maintaining secret. Can't snowdably on ships. Repot tour man for Novak said he said his situation is sufficiently serious to merit an official inquiry. He said that the vessels were believed to be in the Indian Ocean region. The only rumors that they appear sufficiently well based in order to an official inquiry. Yeah, we got that. I just want to. I don't know. Just take them out through the middle of the ocean and ask a lot of questions. And then if they don't answer the question just like over you go. They will even throw them in inter. She or an outer. Any you're out. 560, 0560, pound 560. We're investigating what's going on in the market. That's it. It's bad. Just plain. Those old C.K.L.W. Jingles and the music. You know, I know that this dates me really badly. But what's the part of time radio was really a, a fantastic thing. I remember even in the personalities, great jingles. I mean, it was electric. It was exciting. Look out now. Now it's just a bunch of cookie cutter crap. Oh, here's Jack radio. Here's a crap radio. Here's some other cookie cutter format that some Jack ass on the West Coast came up with. And others 400 stations are playing it. Here's open up a pop talk radio. Here's Russian flush and, you know, the same, the same 10 people in every market in America. Who'd I want that? I'll tell you what the initial was on the, whether it's me or Jorge, you people ought to be like, get in the video and put in your lips on it and the radio too. Okay. You ought to be kissy, kissy, kissy. That's right. Got a kiss to radio that we're in how many markets in this country you've got, you know, just a local show even when you guys sit in Toronto. Whenever it's a local show, where it's like a local personality. It isn't like an apothecimware. You know what I'm saying? Right, not network. Just really pathetic. Come on, you QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'd like to make him a station for a very good reason. Okay. It's at 8.50. I don't know the call letters. WSTL. Okay, but they give frequent traffic reports or anything about it in the morning. Okay. You must know where do you live? I'll probably live. And Hollywood? Carousels. Okay. Thanks Neil. See. What do you like that? He'd be living in the Hollywood. He's listening to 8.50 the, like at home in Broward. Oh, I know that. They got a big signal. And Norma's on that station, too, between 4 and 6. And the afternoon, Norma can't be sure. Mr. Ann, that's the new to prove like ball. Hey Norma. You're fairy. What is it? Isn't that the new to prove like ball? No, it's the new and less improved like ball. It's craft is what it is, Carousel. But nevertheless, he wants to hear the traffic. I understand it. That's a good idea. We don't have, we have traffic on our station, but we don't have time for too much of it. Because we got like 80. I went. Currents came in this morning and said, we're running 85 minutes of spots in our, I said, Somehow that doesn't add up, you know. So even if we have like a zero point share, I have no fear because the bees are making a lot of money. And so, I saw what the wire care. Right. Now you guys, let me cue Ann, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. Happy to hear you, Eddie, for today. Happy Thursday, man. All right. I just wanted to say that I find you're talking to the conversation more relevant than the swill George talks about, so. Yeah, I think you're going to like, well, what does he talk about? Just boring outdated stuff. Well, he's one of those guys, you know, okay. Thank you. Okay. And by the way, you're fair. Here all I could George. Yeah, I got heard that. All I'm on two days and Thursdays for the balance of the summertime. Okay, so for the first week in August at minus a few days when I don't feel like showing up. And next Thursday, of course, a week from today, we got that Marlon game. I want to climb. Oh, God. I'm squeezing my knee pads. Brother, Marlon's. We love the Marlins, especially during the daytime. Yeah. I got one clock game for 12, 30 next Thursday. I get to bail out. Although I'm not going to go lose any money next Thursday. That's, you know, we start doing that too often. It's called Pressure Luck. Remember that's how Pressure Luck? No. Yes, you do. Wear it. You don't watch the game, Joe Channel. I never watched it. You communist watch match game on the way. Thank you, Chris out of Cuba. Christ. You know what? Wait until you, this is right up your alley. Oh, that's right. Should I get we got to do the break? Don't want to get behind because the audio vault might crash. How do you get it? What? What? What? That's unfortunate. You should wait. Yeah. Or it's Twitter radio. What the two more? You. Give me all sports radio. Where they old woman all day. Give me all the kinds of men that black the home. You. All sports radio. For the man. You. You. It's 11. I want to find 60 WQA. I'm happy Thursday to you. Here's the story that I thought you might be mildly interested in. All right. It's right up for you. I'm. The city council passed a law yesterday in Chicago. Bending the sale of marijuana flavored lollipops gum drops in other treats. Becoming the first major city for a heavy confessions that have appeared in convenience stores nationwide. They're all in there. You want to be able to look face anymore, right? They're only marijuana flavored. Can I continue? Okay. I'll explain. All right. The candies are legal because they're made with hemp oil and ingredient used in health foods in some household products. The oil imports marijuana's grassy taste but not the high. Oh, well. I can't imagine that if we in the extent to which people will go to make a book and to make a book on kids, trying to get them to experiment with something that's going to be a lead into the use of marriage and we need to say, Alderman Edward Burke, who sponsored the measure. Well, my God. And typical of what's happening in the US today, Chicago is not the only city weighing the issue. A New York City council will then plant stolen hearings on the candies this summer and then Atlanta subrepass the resolution of posing them, which caused merchants there to remove the treats from their shelves. Probably in Georgia that only let the dark kids buy them. In Chicago, a store selling the candy will face fines up to $500 in possible suspension or revocation of their business licenses. The candies are sold under such names as purple haze and rasta. Yaman. Purple haze and rasta. It doesn't disturb. I don't want to play. This is an adult product. I don't intend to know why kids say it's a Tumini van. Pell president of one of one manufacturer, chronic candy. Well, we ought to get some of that for our audience for some of our colleagues. Let's give you some chronic candy. There are 78 million pots mochaz at the US. That's why I'm going after he says that tell cities considering legal action because a product with legal ingredients is being declared off limits in Chicago. He says I think this is crazy. There's nothing illegal about it. It's got hemp or linen. It's hemp or illegal. It's at harmful. It's at advanced substance. Oh, but nevertheless, that's just makes stuff up as we go along. Oh, you can't have that. The American way. It's the American sensor and way man. It's a June 23rd. You know, even one of my lawyers down there, one of my taxis of people I was talking to a few days ago. He says, what happened to the baby curtain? Yeah. He's a perfect. And I had a explain in that new law and it will affect June 23rd that we have to have on Ray the shoe size and a couple samples of pubic here. All these other things that we just can't do it. Well, I got those. Well, whatever. 560, 750, 560 pound, 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines. As we try to put the pieces together as Greg Reid and the Beasley's continue to smash and roll like long big gigantic egg. We're like Humphrey Dumpty and they keep picking us up in smash and and smashing and we keep trying to put the pieces back together again. I'm not so sure that's going to happen this time. And I think that the sports dog I've been predicting for a long time. This whole thing about talking about the same guys with John Straff's over and odd nausea. You know, that's fine. Part of the day, okay. Part of the day, but not like 24 or seven of the same old. And now that we got the other joint over there, you got the same guest on saying the same crap, the same boring interviews. You know, God. I think what we need to do is get the bus and put Mike Burrino and I were a win bag and there are a couple of other people on it. Bus and like ship them out to, I don't know, they Bahamas on a bus. Follow my drift, get drifting again. Cube. W2A in. Hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Let's talk to you. Speaking. I'll get right to the store. Where was the best place to get the way to ask for them? Where was? Yeah, where did you go? What do you mean, where did I get in Rochester? Yeah. Down in Bob's. I went to school right next door, man. There were nine me. Vicketer was fine and the town was just good. But down in Bob's. That was the chance to be out. Down there by the sea breeze. No, no, no. What about my sea breeze? I'm on a level of water. Oh, yeah, by my high school play. You went to Brighton High? Yeah. I went to Brighton Elementary, man. Right next door. All right. It's a favorite brother, man. There you go. I'll see you. I'll see you at 12 corners, pal. All right. I'll see you at Earl's drugs. We'll get some good drugs at Earl's. See, Rochester. That's a good place to reminisce about. You don't want to go back there because, woohoo. No way. But it's a good place to reminisce. And they got to very go in now. You can get me to Ron or Rochester. Anybody want to go to Rochester? No, no. So there's people coming over here from there. But the only problem is they don't want to go back. I mean, you know. It's not a subremonition about where you grew up. They're all this stuff. And he used to be one of it. And then you go back like, holy. How are you going on here, Radman? This bad. And it is bad. All I'm bad, hoots. You know? Come to QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes sir, you're used to be great station. How you doing? Fine, you're pretty good. I can barely get you. Can you turn it up? Okay, as this. You got to answer it. Okay. I want to be on Neil. Oh no chance. A 13 dropout on it. I don't want to get, look, I don't care anymore. I mean, through the summer, I got to adopt this. I'm not going to get aggravated about this crap. Don't lose a little weight. I got my blood sugar down. I got my body chemistry going real well. Well, that was then stent and drugs that my doctor is trying to push off. I mean, I'm not taking him, doc. Sorry. Sorry. And when he comes up at a line like, well, I don't know any of the way to get that, the cluster all down. Well, that's what I do. See, you don't. I am the patient and you're supposed to be the doctor. You don't because you're just another shield for the pharmaceutical companies for the detail, man. And don't confuse him with the details. You know? And in fact, that he's prescribed stuff to me that's got like counter indicated with my blood pressure medicine. Oh, well, that's, you know, one of those things that overlooked. Nice guy. I'm a yo, night, night and I have somebody that you can go and get the blood test and listen to your heart and do the EKG. And I said, and otherwise, I've been that doctor's, let me alone. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Don't get murdered by doctors, especially in Florida, baby. I'm going to tell you. Find it a real doctor and Florida's looking for a needle in the on your inness. What radio do you listen to between seven and ten in the morning, most often, Hank Goldberg 89? He's doing pretty good in our polis. That's 24% of the audience. Yes, it is. Of course, the only problem is this audience, say, when it used to be. See, that means three, four, so the audience is listening to something else. Well, no radio 62. Aero America 47. Other FM 39. NPR 36. Waxy, the ticket 27. Compare those again. That's Hank against your rose. The homper 89, the ticket 27. Okay. Paul and Ron 24. I know as they took a little dive here again. Two after that. Tony, a trendy headline. I'll say they got no competition for what they're doing. Yeah. There's no more stern. There's no more. What is it? What's the thing? The thing is the English. No nothing. It's not something about this. It'll make your head hurt. It's not something about in the last two or three years alone. The gyracions on AM and FM and South Florida. Between Zeta and Stirring going off a hearing going on here and. And. Oh, it's just it's just. I mean, like I said, make your head swim. But nevertheless, like I said, I don't know nothing. Other AM 15 something. Sets us be the one and all about W. W. D. eight satellite radio seven, while 104. What? How one or five three? Mr. Ego still got the same three. Heen a little Brian and Nick. Nick Lawrence. Magic Scott three. So Rick. A Rick. Shavoda and Rick Sanchez. 94. W. D. R. Got one kiss one. W. D. C. M. Q. Find a guy. That is really. It's almost. Un. Be available. Uh, let's say, Power 96 one. Oh, it must like the dirty music we're playing over there. No votes for the coast W H D R life wacky at audio M. B or W M G E would have a 380 so far. So I think it's good that I suggest we extend this the whole day and George had sure no problem then I can see your full full full full tomorrow. That's right. You want my pull for tomorrow? I mean, I want your. But yeah, that's good for the weekend. Yeah. And you want me to a fact you the story. I'll thanks to you during the break. Okay. That originally came from member I mentioned the other day. Yes, you did from AOL. I'll stick that. I'll stick it. Oh, I'm on the facts. Okay. All right. I think it's pretty good. Yeah, with the weekend coming up and of course, coming up with a full question. That's that's 90% of that were right. Part of part of what you do that. You got it looked like them funny faces. 567. 560 pound 560. Verizon do not tell the audience what movie I admitted to watching. Why? I already talked about it on the air. I already talked about what is it called the lunch boy. The lunch boy. I don't care what anybody says that Amy or her. Although he's losing it very rapidly. He's in war in the world. Now you saw him in that movie both of you's Josh. I haven't seen it yet. Oh, John, you see where you saw him? Yeah. He's a huge adequate. Yeah, has an actor. I'm talking about this movie. He was more than adequate for me. Of course, well, whatever. I don't want to get into it too deeply. Although I think he'll still pass your test. Yes. He was also in danger. Which lives with all her boys, which sounds like a movie that I better go out and get today. I'm going to go out and get that. All right. And a movie too. Have you seen that? Have you heard anything about that? Is it good? Dangerous lives with all her boys? I heard about it. Yeah. And I forgot what I heard. I heard. I heard that was the best line on the movie. I heard it was not about factory or anything like that. Oh, thank God for that. Teen shenetic. Because in real herses already been enough for that in that much more movie. It is very tender and the. The point is a tender end was it where you took the end was no, I was not touched. He was though by his buddy. He was touched. Right. Maybe they're drinking some moonshine. I don't know. It was good if you're. If you're a heterosexual or like offended by the. You're just like, you're just like, you know, you know, while he saw the queue wearing his mother's dead mother's. Yeah, I didn't go. And he's not well. That's not the bad. He's going to come out there. Oh, come on. Yeah. Something bad is going to enter that. And it didn't. Didn't like what's direction. Oh, no, which direction was going in. Probably that's after 11 at five, 60, W Q A and I said, I'm not going to email her. Sure. He could come over and we could have a little cup of tea. Make a couple of brought worse than my flavor way. Got any chickens? No. That's right. He kept putting the chickens mouth in his head. And he put his mouth. Yeah. And I don't want to win the movie for work. He's not even going to watch the anyway. But turn the end of the movie. He bites the chicken set off. Oh, my God. I guess that was kind of a threat to all them punks, you know. Neil God today. I'm working on an initiative to prevent young boys and girls from participation in life. Almost everywhere I go, people who work with children tell me they've identified three crucial things that all children need. They need gangs, crime, and drugs. And for the first time ever in the United States, we must ensure that school is a luxury, unavailable to many children. President Bush and I want the world of hate and hopelessness for our own daughters and for all the world's children. Thank you for inviting me here today. It's 117 at 5.60 WDQA and Happy Thursday, too. This is a story. Thanks to your good close personal friend, Lynn Samuels. She found it. My girl. I was scouring this story. I was going to do it here now. Because I saw that NBC News one. I think I have it in these stories that are very critical and very revealing about what a bunch of volunteers are running this country. And then you look on their website and not there, not a thing. A mistaken CIA analysis of an Arabic language TV broadcast triggered a major terror in the US in 2003 and the cancellation really 30 international flights. NBC News says, the color coded terror alert system went from yellow to orange after CIA agent stuff they saw secret numbers encoded the moving text at the bottom of the screen of an Algizura broadcast in B.C. said late Monday. And it's only Thursday, so why the big rush? The score was stuck to contain attack dates, flight numbers and geographic coordinates for targets which included the White House, Seattle's tallest structure to the space needle, and even a small time of tapahonic in Virginia. How do you like that? Okay. For weeks after Christmas 2003 a high level terror alert was maintained leading to the cancellation of almost 30 international flights by air France British Airways continental and aerial Mexico, the new service said in the end, just like in that movie we were talking about in the end, the treasure of secret information CIA analysts thought they had never turned out to be completely wrong. Oh my god. And you're like that. Completely wrong. The thing was revealed to the public about the mistake until NBC news was told by unidentified senior U.S. officials who for the sake of their health and wanted to weigh in anonymous. Time-wraged to a secretary of online security, timely snap-oop, and an interview with NBC defended the CIA analysis at the time although he didn't call it bizarre unique unorthodox unprecedented. Well whatever that means. Okay. Maybe that's very much the reason you'd be worried about it because you hadn't seen it before said, rich, who during the 2000 terror alert said it was based on credible sources, and that's what it was based on. My ass really. That's pretty correct. I hope this source has consulted with NBC defended the technique then used a stegonography. Messages hidden inside a video and it's saying it was a valid subject for CIA analyze. However, we're just speaking for myself, I've got to admit to wondering whether or not it was credible. As in. That's his answer. We don't even look like that because he also wants to stay alive. He don't want to be on one of those ships out there in the Indian Ocean like sailing around and around, you know, like Perry Cumall, around, around, around. Like that. Well, I feel like almost good enough to go to five today, you know? Let's stay until midnight. All right. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless line. What we're discovering today is that sports talk radio is on the way out. It's dead. We're sick and tear the Carlos Delgado in his bunch of crap. You know, we don't want to hear your Carlos. Go hit some homeruns. Get away from us. They kicked you out of this down. And now you're infesting our radio station and leading it. Right in the middle of Georgia's high price show. You're going to go and talk about old outdated stuff anyway. That's a radio. Well, that's typical. WQAM. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. This is what's going to happen with radio. The satellite radio is going to come up with, uh, besides the day one. Yeah. I'm going to come up with one that's just commercial free. Okay. With commercial. I'm sorry. With commercial. So the hybrid choice. 150 stations with commercials for free or 10 stations with commercials for free. Could have put it right away a lot of business. Yeah. So we just got the, uh, the, they could do this with the space they didn't have enough bandwidth before. But now they just came up with new technology. I think it's just approved in Canada. They just approved satellite radio in Canada. Yeah. We've got to come up with, I think, 10 Canadian, uh, or separate, some of the stations have to be, uh, yeah. They're going to tell a lot of Ann Marie records in this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I think it's, they're just going to go with the ones with the commercials. Like, like, like, proud people. Everybody will take it if it's for, if it's free. You know, right in the morning. For free, we'll take it no matter how sloppy it is. But I think, um, don't know, people that were supposed to arrive with people that could be simultaneously, uh, to indicate all over the country. Are you, any case? Yeah. You guys are okay. I think Curtis is gone though. Okay. See you, Pally. I wasn't even listening to them. Well, here's the fact this is hello Neil. And I'll see you, which chronic is this from. I'm looking at the head of it. Before 10 a.m. And after 5 a.m., I listened to the unforgettable WJN 640 a.m. It's a Fort Lauderdale station. It's become popular in the county by stealth. WJN. Do we want to put that on there? No. I have never heard of that. It is. Since it's become popular by stealth, here's the trend. Let me just take a look here. Persons, uh, under the age of 4,000. Is it in the top 36 and WJN? No. Does it make the list? No. Did I hear anywhere? No. So I'm very enjoying it, but uh, Venice spread the word because nobody else is. But it will get that word out there. We'll go off the year. And the same goes for us too, by the way. It's kind of sad day in your life. Turn on 561 day and have done something about the test pattern. You know, after old jingles. I know. Ladies and gentlemen, the stay of Hunter show. See, K.L.T.D. To the older city. Oh. 560560. Pound 5, she died. It's good thing too because the C.N.R.D. I mean, she was okay. It wasn't personal with business-gale. We'll sing in the sunshine in my ass. Here's line 9 WDQAM. Hello. Are you for our speaking? Speaking. Hey, you know, and I just listen to you every day. I'm a mailman from BoCreetone. Alright. I like the data that you're very, that's Al Pacino. You're very, you're very. You're fully used that from. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Glenn Murray Glenn Ross. Glenn Murray. Glenn Murray. Glenn Hill. Glenn Murray. Glenn Murray. Glenn Murray. Glenn Murray. Glenn Murray. Yeah. Jan Murray. Jan. It's going to be okay. Okay. Thank you, Lord. I'm fine. 560560. How do you like that? It's from Glenn. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Okay. Because Bobbi's the closest old. Right. Ah, geez. Where does your line just try? You idiot. Who ever told you that you could work with men? What's your hired fool? Just to help us. Does that seem clear to help us? To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. To company man. You're fair. Which is one of the better lines in the movie. The best line is though when he says. Oh, don't don't don't don't. My favorite. I sure love the way he do. He never said that. 24 paths. Now, did you get the, I just fashion that story. I got it. I got it. Got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. You heard of Havir? Nope. The only Havir, I know, is that one's still from a godfather's down there running a sunset. Or down on the, yeah, sunset. Hey, Havir, well, he'll be old now. Two old from me. The former television dancer, Ynelis Pantoha Krabelo. Ynelis Pantoha Krabelo. Krabelo. Pantoha, Krabelo. Krabelo. She's gone too far. She is suen-sterriana and crowns she's slanted the reputation. Cereani joked on a show like Kusanostra. That Pantoha Krabelo got drunk and had sex with multiple Marlins, with multiple Marlins baseball players in a hotel room. But that's really tasteful. See, this is the kind of stuff that goes on in the Norse big and English universe in radio and TV down there. We're how the one standard, and then if you don't speak English in South Florida, you can do whatever you want. She's been subjected to hatred, ridicule, and contempted loss. If I last week in Miami, they'd circuit court. You go, Pantejo, Tocca, whatever your name is, you go honey. What is your name? Jan Ellis. I'm Metica Tave, WGA in the way away. What was the call on his on that station at the WGA? WGA. WGA. WGA. Let's see what this is. Yeah. WGA N640 AM says this facts you're here. And then I look on here. And I find out that did not mention you before the show day that on cable down there, I found it was like 75 new U.H.F. channels and none of them speak in English. Right. That's because they create a simulation project. Anyway, I'm Metica Tave, which broadcast the show is already aired in a apology. It seems like she didn't take it a apology was enough said. Metica Tave boss Omar Oromey. We produced seven hours of live TV. It's hard to control everything a person says. The late night variety show is proved popular for the Scrapy Highly Gardens cable TV station, which is covered the local niche for itself against Giants, Tela Molda and Newvision. Like many Spanish language broadcasts like Jose Nostro relies on a state of sort of scatly, tight women and low brow humor. Oh yeah. That's right. So like how unusual is that. At the time, he made the comments about Pantaja Krabala. She was a dancer for another program. I'll show they for nine or he'd all go. Oh yeah. Everyone was people of my paper. I'll show Marcella. Big important. That's one of my favorites. In addition to Seria and it lost with names, shared John Broadcast in company, which owns a state for an endo. He'd all go productions. Seria and I said he hadn't seen the complaint, but the twist keep on coming. The long lot Argentine comic films, the first in pushing the suit is Pantejo Krabala's boyfriend. A disgraced former engineer at the station. So later came into the studio and punched Seria on me in the face, punched him to Mr. Episode. Oh, I like that. Let's start doing that. I hope they got that in camera. Yeah. I think Josh Kordas tomorrow, right before your show is going to punch Clarence out. And we'll do it. And we'll make sure that the mics are open. We'll get about 40 share on that. I'll go bring it in. Huh? We'll have the beat in pertinent for that kind of stuff. Yeah. Sex is bad. The violence is still okay. Maybe even the hump are because they're screwing to show up in the deep 16. So bad. The hump are lower the hammer. The clarence. People are as dumb and they want to get dumb. It's powerful. Oh, they're the door to door doors. They're so low. They're like, I think when you're going to waste. You're with David. Yeah. The way you're doing is having a small man. You're taking the noise. You're doing the same thing. You're doing the same thing. They're doing the same thing. Oh, no. The time that the door to door doors will be moved. It's so low, man. I think you're giving me a little bit. You need to just go to the house. And it's time to have a little touch around. Maybe it's so low, man. Let's try it once, too. It's a pleasure to be here. You'll be in the dark with the door to door doors. It's so famous, man. We're not going to try it once, though. I'll go to the house. I'll go to the house. I'll go to the house. That's why. I'll go to the house. Take this out for all men. We take me out. No. That's a story, sir. Yes, sir. Take this out. Close here. We take. Keep me out. Now. All this, guys. This is the door, but it's that door to the door. Don't reboot it. door dalka. No. No. You'lluds the door to door doors. No. No. Yes. Don't reboot. Sorry. Do you know what this story means to artists you saw as a disorder. Okay. I don't know what's I talking about. I never said, but I don't know what it's like to do it. I don't know what it's like to do it. I said, so no, the doughman will be allowing it to. A couple of facts is here's one from Bob and Earl Springs who says, I'm warning radio listeners can find from 630 AM to 90 AM to WRMF. 97, how come we didn't put WRMF on there near New York, Georgia or my radio station 560 for the rest of the day? Oh, we love your Bob! I find it difficult to listen to Hank in the early hours. I really enjoyed him in the afternoon and found his mannerisms quite entertaining in my commute home. However, as angry and hostile manner as too much early in the morning, I stupid! Who wants to get pulled out of bed by him yelling Jackass or being lulled back to sleep by the EverFibrin Mike Burradino? Oh no! Oh no! They won't listen to me, I'm telling you it's not personal, I don't know my bird, you know I don't know I will win back. We know something all I can say is terminal, coma inducing, get them off our radio station now! Parents, you idiot, you do fair, whistling! Also Bob says, as a kid in New York City, it was a big fan of 77 WABC by the cage with pickup the big. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the Frank Brody Show! C-K-O-W! Oh, what we got now is garbage man. It's swirl. It's spewed him. It's like taking your radio and dropping it into a big septic tank. Sputum. It's like taking your radio and dropping it into a big septic tank. Oh You can smell it. Hang in smell it. It's still so weird. Oh Jesus. Maybe a fat boy How did you know David and Naples is I enjoyed your comments about how great an exciting radio was in the old days I still want to hear that new sounder from C.K.L.W It'll part about all the data stuff I get it's push on my back to my neck my hair is cool. What I'm not your in the And then of course Oh God David's desire to interact your comments about how great an exciting radio was in the old days when I was 16 We back in 1967. Let's say 33 is a 538 and makes David 54 and I even knew we're nearly as old a far design See it's been really bad now that I'm older than almost the whole audience Allowing sound for us to that and the only reason for that being I mean if I was in South Florida Still be like a teenager 62, but the old far is hit me like poison still. He just hold a grudge Anyway, when he was 16 and 67 a hand buddy, and I went to the local one kilowatt daytime Red Brock and mass or a way to matter if he was six that's right Maybe we could see the transmitter Brock and mass Somehow we ended up in the control room chatting with the jacquoise on here He worked while we talked as it was just several minutes before the top of the hour He pulled out an instrumental 45 and read the title of his length He ended five seconds and started it rolling precisely that long before the top of the hour with a pack down Huh, it's called back timing David. Yes, it is. We did it all the time Cheating in we did it all the time. No, it's not cheating. It's bad timing. It's it gets part of the business When the present vocal put on the other turn table any did a cross-state with a mixture of the instrumental and precisely Five seconds at the top of the hour the song ended up in a mic and I did the station said the news is next and then we hear He already commented that was that was he said next and he met work went fame and he was dead This is CD and he Yeah, I Be a great They're a writer. Oh, that's not that sense or I want to see you actually with a real song That's not cheating, but when you put it that's for mental down and you know just leave it there Rul and for when you need this is I peed down my leg. I was so impressed I better stop doing that David especially in Naples. Let me talk it about to the business We'll come and get you ass. I fell in love with radio got my first class radio telephone license Saturday 24 year radio career that ended with my owning three radio stations out of West. How do you like that? Oh, say that's unfortunately in the years 85 through 93 the FCC school radio of so bad I was embarrassed to be part of it. So I sold my interest to move to Florida I understand my beloved station now stand empty except for a few computers and satellite dishes out back The AM had been on the years since 1922 at a rich history of personalities and was a piece of the fabric work We had been until a handful of holes brought to whole answers. See we can say whole ass That's right. That's both a half to a handful of whole asses brought down everyone in town and automated them all Thanks to Republican deregulation in the industry reading out pretty much sucks. I saw David He's got out of a Justin time as what's been in with say Justin time who said that a Tony better would say oh when he said that Josh in time. I want to go as boring AM states with a better play music for people over the age of 100 like W. J. And A is that the one act J and O. J and I get those all confused mixed up Because it's just a cacophony of swirl. Let's see We can all still vote on this Sun sent most sports radio polls. Oh, how do we do that go to Sun sent all the outcomes Slice sports vote early and often. Well, let's give that a shot. Okay. Let's do it. Oh, see Sun sent no That's Sun dash Sentinel Doc on slash sports I'd love to Just gonna say Okay, all right ports Okay, I'm doing it. How can we still vote on that? Is it what we believe they're polls up for like two weeks Can't rain yours. Can you ride your show's camera man? Oh That's what I see. Oh there it is. You see it About halfway down the page on the right hand side The loser's favorite local. What I say all the facts right above the wish-offest sports radio say you prefer Well, I prefer to 560 W Q AM over and over and over again Let's go to those numbers up there. Maybe let's jam it. Let's creep it. Chiefers creepers. Let's get out to creepers Don't you say absolutely look at the results. I can't because I'm on Store which is not compatible with Sun Sentinel. That'll teach me to be on a dynamic right or you can open to windows Sun with it just relax 15 dropouts. It's not even noon yet We've had 15 dropouts I'm not really pleased with what's happening with engineering. You know, of course They're right at it. It's don't do more than you have to and they're overworked anyway because they got a mate and a kiss transmitter And they got kiss this and kiss that and kiss Bobber moves back to behind you know So we can still vote well, how come we didn't find out about this Tuesday for Christ's face? We could have been pounded on this thing all week long. Well, it's not too late now Right right. Thanks to ever fastest info in because our intermediate level management their currents He's too busy going around. Yeah, not like that He did that for half an hour and it was right. Yeah Defending Mike Burrino and Ira Windbag the defending the indefensible as opposed to getting us on a Sun Sentinel pull which would have been And if I guarantee he was the one it said the just ignore it. I guarantee that see we can ignore them all We want they're not gonna go away. They're not doing much anyway, especially that oh 18 to 34 demographic that they ought to be very proud of now that they didn't get any wire diaries this month But they're not doing much, but in the meantime, they're not gonna disappear Just because it affect that we ignore them. Okay, the way to go after them is to squash them The watchers Holy Macanot. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Were you why does anybody come to join us? Well if you want to make the mind of doing it in a day And if you're in a day we'll say it makes okay And if you think you might best keep living like a slice All that way is close to everyone It's in our right Stop running in the mirror There is fire by fire We see everything in Christ We see way into the distance right there trees Especially to how to dance and sing That free-triggered life It's back on the streets to roll And they tear each inch of thy gun And sing with the roll that I'm doing. I don't know if I'm ever like that. I read the dark in a lay as ASI knew So anyway, this really frost my ass. Well, I know we give them like a several thousand of Vodhead start. What kind of crap is that? Because you got some whist there in a building. Oh, just, now, how did that come down? How did you find out about that? My card now is second hand that was the policy. So we're no one came in here and told me not to talk about it, but some people told me that other people were told not to talk about it. Such as such as what? So there's other people such as whom? I didn't get any more details in that. Oh, who are you? I'm sure everybody has a building made that decision and put out that mandate. It should be Tardin' Feathered and run out of time on a rail right now, before noon, okay? Which means good busy. I have never heard of anything so ridiculous in my life. It's just like polls, okay? Like political polls. And the way they shape and mold public opinion because people like to jump on a bandwagon. So if they think that, oh well, a carries ahead by 10 points or bushers it by 10. Then psychologically, people want to be with a winner, okay? Right. And when you have a pool in one of the two major market fish wrappers that we got in town like this, and it looks like we're getting our ass trounced, including all of our high paid personalities and your responses. Oh, just ignore. Just hide out of the covers and crawl them the bed. It'll go away. The next bears out what I've said about our quiz-ling middle-level management people. Right. Whoever made that decision. Right? Right. Tarr and Feather they're ass right now and then after like this week in the rest of them. Look at what we got here. Look at the responses. There's like over seven times because this has been on there for how long. Like at least a week. It went on when I was on vacation. Right? Right. 7,642 total responses. I voted four times already. And so should everybody in our audience should just be pissed off and indignate about the like 10 whether. Get your list of, you know what this reminds me of? That many years ago when I was working at WS News and I left there and I went to WYNZ. So Channel 10, in fact I think Dwight Lauderdale was the host I do believe. Channel 10 did a show. They taped a show on Talk Radio because at that time we had like GBS and WINZ and WS News and whatever. WNZ. Yeah. Well, right. We had two or four stations doing talking to market. So talk and I would be. So they had the different people on from the different stations so they had me on for my friends. They just go over there. They had David Gold from GBS. Mr. Ego was there from IOD and from WS News. I forgot which one. And what they did was whoever produced that show at Channel 10, they left the people from WS News though about it. So Luke Kron and his family and all the WS News people were in the audience there. Stack the whole audience. Huh. And they had them get up and ask questions. You know. And it was what's his name? Tom Don't Like This was in the audience with his leather black leather jacket on. Oh my god. And this is the same kind of thing. It's it. And guess who's article. Wait, wait till you find out who's articles right next to this pull on the same page. Well, I can see it. Yeah. Let me find where it is. Down toward the bottom. You see Pat Riley. He he'd rightly like whatever. So the draft fixed dial. See that. Yeah. Look what's underneath that. The bird. Yeah. Mike Burrardino. How do you like that? How do you like that? That's on our air. On our radio station. Just destroying hangs the audience. Putting everybody into a deep six coma. And here's it. And in the meantime, they, you know, evidently the people of the other joint knew about it. And they got older people to vote 400 times a piece. Well, let's get our people to vote 600 times a piece. What do you say? Huh? Yeah. We have this. Yeah. This isn't just like keeping a channel 10 pull in which the audience had no interest. No vested interest the other day. This is like for our survival man. Take it serious. Fight. Fight. The good fight. Don't say roll over. Correct. And play in something. He must have seen that movie too. Yeah. He's a good munch boy. Yeah. Actually, what I heard is he's more like a fudge boys. What I heard. Anyway, which local sports radio station view per fur? Five, 60 QA, or seven, 90 of the ticket. And a result on there so far, which I can't get to come up again is. I'm going to come up again. It might be behind something. Huh? It opens up another window. So it might be. Oh, there is. Seven, and seventy six hundred, and fifty two responses. sixty points, seven percent of ticket. forty six forty six and three thousand, and three thousand, and three thousand. QAM, 39 point two percent. I mean, we're, we're, it's like having a horse race and have a long horse start at a starting gate at the top of the back stretch. And it's, uh, horse start at the sixteenth pull. Almost at the finish line. You follow my drift. I drifted. It opens up another window. So it might be. Oh, there it is. seventy six hundred and fifty two responses. sixty point seven percent of ticket. forty six forty six and three thousand, and two, and three thousand, and two, QAM, 39 point two percent. I mean, we're, we're, it's like having a horse race and have a long horse start at a starting gate at the top of the back stretch. And it's, uh, horse start at the sixteenth pull. Almost at the finish line. You follow my drift. I drifted. Give him a big handy crap. Nice going. Clarence, you're quizzing. You're symboling you coward. You spying the little quizzing coward. You use sports nerd. You got to see frostmashes and fourth and July celebrations. You got to turn this located in a different way. I want to see that kind of hanky panky going out the way. So you think these people are going to respond on his foot. Sun dash Sentinel. Slash, uh, sports. Halfway down the page. And not only in the station, but then you go to your favorite personality based on the Depart. All right, voters for hanky and mad dog in this one. I voted for Mo. That's right. I voted for me too. And everybody on QAM. That's right. Let's get with a program. I just find that little Quizzling clearance. What a kind of sports. We're the ass. You fast. Which way you buy 16. Can we? Yeah. This mark. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QAM. Yo, my. Oh, you have a first. What the hell's the matter, honey? I like your cry. I like your cry. I think you're not my alien. You've been kidnapped again. I'm so my alien. You've been kidnapped by alien. Where did I dump you? I'm looking for you. Albuquerque. I didn't work. It's good. Where is it? It's a Mexico. Where? It's a Mexico. Albuquerque. Yes. I was in Georgia. No, no, Mexico. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to me. I want to get married. I really do. I just thought I was kicked out by aliens. I'll probably leave you. I think I'm short here. Think it's your favorite. Who does? The aliens. That's your hair. Are you saying short hearing? Me and a lot of rads. They crash short. A little longer than that. A little longer like Bobbiode. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They make it shorter. I don't know. They don't hear about it. I believe you. Where are you? Can I pick you? I'm going to settle it. Is that love? Yes. Can you get me a slurpee? What? Slurpee. What? Slurpee? What? Like a blueberry wolf? I just think I'm not. I think it's your slurpee. All right. I'll get a Michelle. You really been kidnapped honey? I'm finally in the blue man. Aliens drive a blue man. Yeah. Like a Chevy man? No. Did a Ford? No. What kind of man is that? Did they only play in police? Did they probe you? No. Oh, kids. Prad, you. No. My glove please. No, you. I'm not coming along. Stay in the 711. You don't want to murder me, days. No. What? No, I don't. But I forgive you. I don't care. Income on. I'm done. Come on. I'm done with a Michelle. Come on. I love you. Take it. I love you. Holy. Holy. Come on. Come on. Come on. I think this is an insurmountable leave that they got. You know, not. What do you mean, man? I just have to work on it for days on end to catch up. I see. Well, they like it. I said, you know, it's 500 miles start and we're like crawling along. Crisely, and of course, the interesting part of it is that whenever this thing was first put on there, it was during a period of time when I actually was some people still in town, which there is nobody. It's like the the 4th of July weekend starts tomorrow. There is nobody around. Believe me. And so here we are, you know, playing with an empty deck. Nice going, Clarence, man. You're we know how to compete. Not we know how to put your best foot forward out there. How to stick it right out there. That's what I hear. That's what does told me. You're fairie. Here's a fact that says from David who means well, but David, maybe during one of the 20 sum odd dropouts we've had on our streaming today in the internet. Yeah. Maybe that's when I was belly aching about the fact that we've had 20 sum odd, keep mentioning that. Or says internet is going in and out as it was a few weeks ago. Love the free internet, but you can't fix it. You don't know about it. We know about it and we still can't fix it. Says I listen to Motherfrey Webcast and this stuff never happens. Only the lovely QAM. That's right. That's our specialty is technical screwups. At least I was giving the straight story on that. Technical screwups. That'd be us. And it says tell Greg, we hate him like poison for ruining what was the best line of ever. Rose Rogers managed where he belongs and Hank where he belongs. And I think that this fact right now is. That's so little bit correct. Last thing, man, we had the world by the balls. We had the universe by the short hairs. And look what we got. Now, pop ahead, Hank. Or look what we got. Right? Yep. Now, here's the fact from when about something that the audience will find very boring. When also well-intentioned, you might want to look into poly-coast and all for lowering your cholesterol. It's an actual product. You can produce results similar to the standard drugs, but not the side effects. The lowest information you got from the internet. It's a butterbeat, but a book, but a book. But I'm going to go. Okay, I'll put it aside here because the audience will go into a coma if I read that. Thanks, Win. Is that Edwin? I'm sure, sir. Oh, my God. I mean, we got to think about like, what do they got? And even then, La Bastard is beating mad dog. Now, let's face it out. Is there anybody in the universe? Anybody who would really believe that, huh? No. I mean, let's get serious. I better go for a man that you get here. I'm just, I'm just voting 10, 15, 20 times every chance I get. Let's see what we got here. Which sports radio talk show hostie preferent a 47 PM slot? Jim Man is 47.9%, then La Bastard 52.1%. That's cool. Look, it was when we first went down. How many of you part? Much closer than we were when we first met. No, it's not. Yeah, it is. What are you talking about? It's closer now. You must be doing them candies. No buzz in that. Yeah, you must be doing them, uh, CKW. You must be doing a couple of Hayes candies, man. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. It's the game. Hey, wait. So you tell me it's closer than it was? Yeah, not mine. But let me write the numbers down. Okay, so that one. 3544 for La Bastard, which is just makes me want a P. And 3261 for the outrageous, uh, the one and only mad dog. Man, this is a two. Bastard. Okay. I wrote that down. All right. Out of 60.0. That's just down to one. Because you get to vote all these different categories. You know, and even if you hate more like toys and which a lot of you do, you want to vote for him over the booster. Okay. Would it orange here? Wow. I feel like he's exhausted. I just just the fact that we found the thank you. And leave it to one of our listeners. Okay. Let us know the thing is still on there. Because they're probably still pumping it on their air, which is why they open of this huge lead. And our audience is like in the dark. In the dark, just like our management, just like our sales department engineering department in the dark, like in our broom closet. WQAM. Hello. It's a W. G. A. Why traffic update. sunrise Boulevard is currently closed. WQAM. It's not 30 minutes. 567.0. 560. Okay. They must be busy voting on the internet. Because we have any other ones. That must be it. Is that what it is? They're all voting up and down to go up and over and over and over again. They're closing their browsers and they're rebooting and they're doing it. 567.0.560. Town 560. The Verizon Singular Wireless Lines. Pulled a day. What radio do you listen to? How many did you listen to? About 21. Cool. About 121. No. 96. Arab. elected without the drive and the live broadcast. Not all of a sudden. The physiotherapist referendum was also yummy to edit their drawings, try to name two names of course. WOT. All of the Russian adviser interactions between 747 and WDRs got one CM Q FM still only one. Solomon DeUnal, Power 961 and zero for our MF to co-swagged your life to Aranya Mambi and WS S-Negma, MGE. Whatever that is. Do we know what they play? No. Would be each other. WQAM, hello. Hey, Jason. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? You kept the monogymassnabachens. I saw the highlights. Did I ask him? What's that? I saw the assendabachens. Yeah, the highlights. Is this new? Yeah. Oh, everybody. So they're pretty excited. It was what? Pretty exciting. I got the game and we're down the whole goal, time and think we could pull it out. What a comeback. Maybe we've turned it around a little bit. Okay. So, say what a game. At least he's a little enthusiastic about us. More I can say for most of you people out there. Nice going, Jason. You goof off. WQAM, hello. Neil, I think. Hey. Sonic. I know. One word. WQAM, hello. Hey, when you get, when you get to bring back the crow. How do I know? Comment. I think that was the beginning of the M for us. WQAM, hello. Hey, how you doing? Good. You're like, what I'd like to hear? That would you like to hear? He shows us. Good. Hold your breath. WQAM, hello. Maybe I'll hold you. Great. I booked my pants. You moved your pants? I booked my pants. No, you're not saying you moved your pants. You must have turned orange, huh? 560560. 560. You've arrived in a regular line. These are numbers I've been waiting for. That's 440. 440. You count? Yeah. Just for some time. You're supposed to be in charge of that now. Click and click. That's your ass assignment right here. Let me go on there now. Seattle. Okay. What is it? 62821. Is Mad Dog closing again? Let me get it up. 52 to 48. What was it before? I mean, this is going to take forever now. Well, you can't like, I mean, this is kind of like what the Democrats do where you four years. You let the other side have about a 10 point lead. Then all of a sudden, oh, oh, gee, maybe we ought to get busy now. Get busy. Get busy on this. Start working on it. So what do you got? Is he closing the gap? I got 3277 for the Mad Dog. Okay. You got 16 more and 3545 for a day in. He got one. Okay. So see that for the bastards, huh? Anybody with him even admitted listening to Dan Lobaston probably needs an inner ear. Let me just say this to you. If any of the white Anglo columnists would have written a column after the Marlins one of their first World Series win, when Levi and you know, did this big thing and Dan Lobaston wrote, oh, the Marlins didn't win the World Series. We wanted the Cubans one. That was the most grotesque thing I have ever read in the newspaper in my life. Yeah. I remember screaming about. I stopped speaking for the rest of it. And if Greg Co. text, you're one of the Anglo sports writers would have written a book. I would have been a one. An Anglo picture would have won a game. And what I said, oh, the Marlins didn't win. We, the white people won. There would have been such an outcry. Such a, these, uh, salad people would have been like tossing their salad and having a wrist break down. Oh, my God. What's this discrimination? The white people. What is that? Oh, my God. And he writes that the Cubans won the World Series. Not the Marlins because Levi on was there. Well, guess what? Levi on. And you won't find him no more. He found a new home. Oh, brother. And this is a guy. I saw him on ESPN and one day to make a jackass out of him. We didn't take a lot. He belongs on the air like, uh, like Walter Crankite belongs, uh, cooking a fastorm and a restaurant somewhere in a gourmet restaurant. And if I'd probably want to be doing a better job when you think you probably cook it up pretty good. Cook what? You quizzing you loser man. Dan LaBassard my ass against the man. It's going to be like about 4,500 to 2. But nevertheless, that's what happens when you got a bunch of weak need. Jelly, uh, uh, livered, uh, limp-rusted, goofballs run and enjoy it. It's firstly while I'm away. I guarantee if I went away on that during that week, we have 80,000 votes on there already. Right? Right? So you didn't pump it at all, huh? Not yesterday. I forgot all about it. I forget the least. I don't mean yesterday. When I never just started. No, I mentioned it. And, uh, you know, I was told that that was a policy. So, what? There was who's policy? What have policies? Since when do we have a policy? What now we see on the air, huh? I was right. I got your policy right here. Sweetheart. Come. Angelina, social, and a good friend. She is right, Marriages from Jersey, South South Bend. Now the slide coming mixed. Pick the pretty one that stinks. And I bet Rachel from Friends is not a play-in. Angelina, joy is a form. It's a family's very steady form, though. And all you have left is dance. The long-tune of wedding dance. When you give it up for one, I guess the cold. Because she's the sexiest woman in the world. In the creation of the every bond of love from lips to face. She's the 10th stage. There are lots of love from her. You're a fucking wonderful teacher and not she. You're fair. We've got 19 and 56 to 72 and the moment. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm going to tell you one thing we're going to do. One day at a time, okay? Okay. Of course, we have no idea how long they're going to leave that up there. As soon as they fight out there, we're going to do something. They'll probably take that down. Like, channel 10 to a couple of days ago. But nevertheless, hey, let's see where I would see where I said they did that. I would personally sue them because we deserve it. Especially with this very dino calm down. That's just outrageous. That's an infammy. It's just insane. This outfit, sure. Since Greg had his falling out with very now that the heroized and sister relationship with the other guys across the street, since that happened, we sure is how they don't even know how to use her manipulative media. Somebody better come in there and teach him how to use it and manipulate it. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying mad dog ahead of Dan Lobassad by two o'clock. Or I'm not coming back. How's that? All right. I don't mean tomorrow. I mean, like the rest of the summer. I'm taking that. I'll call in sick every a couple of days. Which sports? I mean, we can only handle way out. They obviously over all thing. That's going to take a lot of doing. Man, along. Although we have made some in Rhodes there. A three tenth of a point. Just since I started screaming about it. You see, if they would have come to you and the other people to sports people on the station and they would leave on this just the way that they obviously did over there, plus of course, they probably each voted 200 times on it over the other joint. So you can keep voting on a poll on a newspaper and trying to mean and make it mean something. But the fact that it matter is that doesn't make chop liver into sirloin steak, okay? Whatever that means. Look how much cost it. 51.9 to 48.1 percent. He's only trail in this goofball by what we got. Three, 258 votes, right? Right. It was a lot more than that. It was almost 300. So let's just work on that one and if we're because that's embarrassing. I mean, there's so humility. And the other ones are two. But that one is especially just frost my faddle ass. The idea that people are going to look at the newspaper and say, oh, look at this. That Dan LaBanchard is a lot more popular than that Jim, whatever his name is. Right. Oh, good gravy man. Anyway, good calm by your buddy Doug Thompson the ramp. Okay. I know you don't like him any hate his website. The capital who all yell at poison. But it was, well, maybe I'll read his every time I'm on two days and through this. Although next Thursday maybe a little short and I won't have time to do too much reading. That time stories got that Marlon's game next Thursday. What a bummer. Right in the middle of the summer. It's all God's fault. Doug Thompson writes in his rant on capital Hill blue. He says, well, all the finger funny over just too many or may not be responsible for the ills that threaten our way of life these days. The real comfort is too often overlooked. God. That's right. God. Just about any time somebody in a position of power does something incredibly stupid. I'm believeably arrogant or outrageously illegal. These usually clean was God's will. The Almighty must feel persecuted as hell. Let's remember that Osama and his goons said they were serving all of when they come and hear those jets on 9-11 and sent them crashing in the world trade centers at the center of towers in the Pentagon. George's W. Bushworthy here's God talking to him in his head, which violates the accepted theory that some cannot carry in a vacuum. But W says God told him was all right to send American military might to Iraq and kill everybody with a towel on their head. Not to mention journalists and taggons and anybody else who might wander in the line of fire. And the 1700 plus Americans who died over there did so he says, God's bidding. For let's be fair, Bush is not the first misguided leader to implicate a deity in his or her failures. Dispets dictators and madmen throughout history have claimed intimate relations with religious icons to justify their actions. These days have a very God gets to wrap for a lot of things. For example, the right wing nuts who control the Republican Party and unfortunately are government always swear that they're on a mission from God to justify any and all the excesses they try to inflict on the American people. It could be an outright fan and abortion. The placement of a concrete edifice in the courthouse lobby or the shameless political manipulation of a family's private tragedy over a feeding tube. They are we are told always serving God's agenda. Problem is given all the different political agendas of these agents from God even he or she would have trouble keeping up with the conflicts. The right to life is among the major abusers of God and religion claim life is sacred to them, but the extreme elements of their movement applaud the efforts of those who bomb abortion clinics to often killing innocent victims or seeing the praises of those who kill doctors and perform abortions. What we call that commitment that said we shall not kill did not have an amendment that said it was right to kill those who disagree with us. My call for an addict, Bible thumbers never let hipocracies stay in the way of their agenda. These God and the teachings of the religion justify any action that fits their work for you with the world members. We grab the teachings of that same religion when it doesn't fit. In politics, if it doesn't fit, you must omit. Well let's remember that misguided religious fanatics come in all shapes, sizes, colors and beliefs. Some of in law is a religious fanatic who misconstrues the teachings of his religion to justify the murder of his enemies and so is George's W. Bush. He writes it so good man. He writes it so good man. He writes it so good man. Oh God, I'm just I'm like, war not. I realize this is going to be such an exercise today. Then we are going to give myself a major assignment. Do you think we can do it? You think we can push mad dog over the top? Yes, do it. Maybe that one category. Well that's what I'm saying. One was started one and then of course once you get on tomorrow. Oh yeah. If you're internet savvy crowd in between them looking at all in my porno sites, they can hop on it. You all say there's naked pictures on here. There you go. naked pictures on sundetal of the sensal sports or kind of whatever it is. Just pathetic clearance man. I tell you, we lead the keys to the kingdom in his hands. We're all going to be like out on the street. 560, 560, palm 560 and a Verizon and singular run-as-lines. WDQAN hello. Hi, how are you? Okay, good. Just a long time was through a couple of just quick suggestions and observations. I listen to you as an anchor to that station. I hope that people at that station understand the value that you bring to it. And I'm not just sucking up the although it can be perceived like that. But you're right. Let's try again. Hank is an afternoon specialty. I agree. His whist or raps ability is a little hard on the morning stomach. I don't know if you put this on your pulver. I listen to internet stuff in the morning. I know you whist no local radio. So that may be a small possibility. The other problem you have and I hate to say this is that there may be some kernel truth to the fact that you know, love a tar that you always say is a personality driven radio guy. And he may be a great freak out. Now I don't like him. And I owe you to him. Well, the wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I don't like him. Okay. I want to say that. But he is a national columnist with a national platform. He is the end. Our we got it doesn't matter. He has it. And he trends younger. He's considered more. I don't know. Into with the 25 to 54. He's he for them. He's he for them. Yeah. If you listen to we show and I've had a radio accident to if he doesn't this to sports. He's got the president of Mars on there doing. And movie reviews and he's talking about, you know, who he saw in South Beach. I'm just saying from 18 to 49 demos are slipping away from you guys. And I'm not mean to you because you're good. You're cut across our types. But. Well, right exactly. And my point is I think that there's something that affected the demo ship might be perceiving might be changing. It might be something to this. He could be, you know, what you always said only works on. That's where it is. Personality driven. Yeah. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. I think he's observing. And I think he's pop is an area. He's working. He and I think he belongs. I don't know. He did the dogs belong in here. I understand that. But he has a national platform. He is a liaison to school. It's reported every so often. He writes for us. He may be a party. They know nothing about sports. But he has a national power. Believe it or not. Yeah. And that may be a cal for that. And the fact that he seems to be younger. Maybe a little Hitler who knows. I mean, when he tells you here, mad dog continues to talk about. Well, there you go. But that's a motherly one last day. I know you know the sports and the spals right into it. The Cleveland Cavaliers hired a new general manager for the basketball team. Yeah. Former Duke Great Danny Ferry. I'm not making this up. You're fair. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Later. I know Danny Ferry. Now, what's the guy to play in Italy who was in the NBA now? The real fair. You're fair. I came out of the closet. The NBA player. Come on, Josh. I have no idea. Yes, you do. He's playing anymore. Is he? Sure he is. Oh yes. Well, I mean, maybe he didn't come out of the closet over here. Okay. Maybe he didn't confuse. Why are you dragging me down that path? Okay. How are we doing here? I mean, this guy was a good car, but I think he's really reaching. You know, I think he's trying to amelize a little bit too deeply. A little bit. I mean, Dan LeBanster, does that. So he's on ESPN. Hank is on ESPN. Hanks on ABC. Okay. He's got an national platform. And he's doing, you know, he's running at two to. What? What? What? What? He's right there and going back somewhere. Don't bother getting in the 2-4 born satisfy the relationship he came to. Oh hey, you are not true about it. The next today is a nice island for all localized owners. Left from the lake is highlighted by the Forestwater River crossing of northern coast of Harlem. You out there all your names are hidden west out here. There's little water flowing bottom of it, you know. Yeah, you know it. You put all from the river to the beach. Alrighty, okay. Okay. Clear. Let you see. eliminate the clouds, Tianah. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you while I'm kind ofced like a monster. The woman in my heart experienced my baby hands how000. Kneel and then spell your ears off from each other. I have your point free of you. ", I have your goal, my word, my girlfriend. Forst, what 4 years Bitch demain Your girl is on love with Bobby? Only 3 years If I have nothing to give up Thank you I'm so scared of you, you just need to say fried food, let me watch what I say, I'm 26 to 15. I'm 26 to 15. I'm 26 to 15. I'm the idea that this bunch of the wannabes. They got Joe Rose on the ear and that's it. And Bob is much to do like him personally and is great in job. He's at his own baseball. He's at talk show host like Amaya Brinser. He's a rock and roll. Talk show host. But at any rate, that's what they got and here it comes. This is psychological thing about it. And see this last guy was a good car but he's also tried to talk himself into it. And we believe in it. Yeah, I think he was called from over there. And I can't add in here. What are you talking about? He's trying. I mean, he just got to your saying. He hates you got like poisoning himself. Sure. And of course, no one is to hate him. To hear him is to hate him. The same on ESPN is to want to puke your guts out. It's like saying, how about Jim Rom? Nice. I'll figure certainly more better known than Daniel Bastard who is like little segments. What they just make a mockery him and his glass. And then he's like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's what we heard and you can be sure, because when somebody tells me that dance a bastard is who's the mailed dog, I have to say to myself, oh god, you just really reach an instrument now. Come on. Come on. The boss. Come on. The boss. Yes sir. Hi guys, the clown's thinking down lemon stars, we're here for the mailed dog. Yes. Um, he's an idiot. That's a lemon star. You can't even listen to him. Especially with a strike kick, Stugot. Stugot is on that show. Yeah. in my case. Yeah, and then they had David Samson on their other day given his top bed movies. You should have heard that. Oh, I'm pretty sure. Okay, Palli. What do you say? Oh, that's a, what do you say? Yeah, Stu got, oh brother, another guy belongs on the air like my grandma. She infelants are good. Mexico City, the Mexican government is issued a postage stand to picking an exaggerated black cartoon character known as Mimin Pingwin. What does that mean? Assuming you're reading it right? Yeah, MMI and PIN, GYN. Mimin Pingwin, it's got picture of the stamp. It looks like a, looks like characters out of the song of the South isn't it? Unlike some old cartoon, just weeks after a Marseille present in Vicente, Faust Angered U.S. Blacks, the series of five stands for Lease for General UCS today to put to child character from the comic book started in the 1940s that is still published in Mexico, a black cartoon character, and looks like Antio Mama standing in the background with the towel. The boy, half-less for lovable is drawn with exaggerated features, thick lips, and white open eyes. His apparent speech and mannerisms are the subject of kidding by white characters in the comic book. Activists said the stamp was offensive, the officials denied it. One would hope the Mexican government would be a little more careful than avoid continually opening wounds, said Sergio Penolosa, an activist in Mexico, a small black community in the southern Pacific coast. We've learned to respect anything from the government, just anything Penolosa said may in May Faust Ralebe, many by saying that Mexican migrants take jobs in the U.S. did not even black swan. For a express regret for any offensive March may have caused the incident, but insisted that this comments may have been misinterpreted. Carlos Caballero, a system marking director for the Mexican Postal Service, said the stamp should not have offended me or they intended to be. This is a traditional character that reflects part of Mexico's culture, Caballero, said his misadestantious part of that character. However, he said many Mexican still assumed that all blacks are foreigners, despite the fact that at one point early in the Spanish colonial era, Africans outnumbered Spanish in Mexico. I think like that. Sergio Peno to a postage stamp. I am particularly a more important fish to fry down there. More important beans to a refry. What radio do you listen to that we put the internet radio on there? No, let's do it. That's right. There you go. What do you want to do? Why do you even lunch? Are you eating lunch? Yeah, well, we're done. I hate him off. Six, seven, 35 votes on there. What radio do you listen to most between seven and 10 to morning? Hank over the hump. How many to 45, 22, 28 percent? None. 109. Era America's 76. Wow. That is shocking. Other refms 62 and PR 61. Why see the ticket 47? Let me say it again. Hank 145 and the ticket that's still rose 47. Here are those numbers. I'm not granted this on this station and it's my audience, but what else are we going to do? Right? Right. And you can be damn sure that there's probably a few freepers from, you know, outside, few interlopers. Paul and Ron 46, other AM 26, satellite radio 17, WIOD 16, while 105, magic five, how 105, four, kiss four, Steve came still four, still four Mr. Rigo, you three guys and you're looking and maybe Steve's wife. Maybe Lori voted. The coast two, 1194 to our math one, EDR one, CM Q one, Power 96 one and none. But none yet for HDR which nobody knows what that is, including me. That's like a new rock station. Or like I said, it's nice if you want, we all know that. Life, a radio mom B and WMGE smeg were radio none. In fact, you're a lot of people like to wash that right off their dime. What it comes to like a team, you're watching a field like this. What's with your advice? Susan. FUCKING IN, AND HOUSE IT. IS  Montenegce? Yes, Oodles! PURL subscribed to the world. About the X Yin, Doree. Is that meant anything? Call me between the two first and the NOREON. Mot analogy, that's Oodles. Thank you. So, we both believed the words, The boys are so close to boys, the boys are all ready. The boys are all ready. The boys are all ready. The boys are all ready. He's at the judge! The other boys are on the point. The boys are the kids. The boys are the boys. The boys are the boys. The boys are the boys. I left that top for the top of the water. You're gonna be in the bathroom. That's it. I hear it in the water. You're my green snake toy. You're gonna be in the water. Sorry. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. From 46 to 56 to WQM happy Thursday too. We're kicking ass today, baby. I noticed that we already got a list of which you're selecting out of an evening in the sports nerd hosts. We got mad dog on top now. We just passed the bathroom. You say I won't say? Yep. I'm not surprised. I mean, not that there's any question. The fact that I should have to fight this go on here and like bust a gut. Have our hurtier like, uh, throughout here sitting in his chair is ridiculous. But then again, that's what happens when you don't play the game. See, this is in a sports station. These are sports guys who never play the game. That's the problem. Not a bunch of like superjacks like me and Hank in the, uh, and, uh, Moe, right? You know, all us old fad Jews. Really said. And the good news is that mad dog against Le Bastard was really hit and, uh, young and, uh, Yeah, maybe I got what's in their sales department, who knows? Maybe he was part of that marketing experiment because their, their owners says, oh, we're not into like, uh, the radio business. We're into marketing. Well, the fact that you're not in the radio business is that's pretty obvious. Anyway, mad dog is all about to 48.9% of the Bastard on the 51.1. The margin I was 155. He was like 350 votes said when we started this. This audience is coming through on the 30th of June. But 30 me. And nobody's in town. Oh, I like that. Pretty good. I'm pretty impressed myself. Yeah. Because generally speaking, you know, a South Florida, especially on a hot, uh, whatever it is, middle, sulfate with mosquitoes, as big as bullring balls. People are like, uh, they don't want to bother with this crap. But we're going to bother you today. We had to put a link on our website to this thing. Should we? Okay. In a prominent place, Eric, Sun Sentinel. Let's Sundash Sentinel dot com slash sports. And here's the pull right there on the right hand side, the whole right hand column there from the middle down favorite sports star station. Good for for at a morning in the afternoon in the evening a week from circus. Whatever to have you like him, who's good, who sucks, who bites, who's got a bad hair piece, all of these pools. Lean on it, tap on it, over and over. Just give on that thing and just keep tapping on it. I think how many times do you think I voted? I'm not. Right. And probably you. Yeah. Our Josh is in their tap on it. I voted. See, there he go. Probably voted for boog. Nelson, I didn't mention this the other day. Nelson would pound the cramp out of Catherine Harrison 2006 and erase brain her on. Yeah. Bring that bitch on. Republican US representative Catherine Harris carries so much negative baggage among independent democratic voters in Florida. She would be trounced by US Senator Bill Nelson if they 2006 and election will held a day accordingly new pull by a Quinnipiac University. Fultors say Harris is role in the disputed 2000 election. Reconvalt she was Florida's secretary of state would make 37% of them less like the vote for in a general election. Her negative ratings are predictably highest among Democrats. She's 58%. But she's also disliked by registered independence. 39% of whom said they're less likely to support her because of her past. She carries all of that baggage brings back all those bad memories. Plus don't forget about that plane she was in. Florida voters haven't forgotten that Catherine Harris once he was secretaries. They shut down the recount of the 2000 presidential vote. And moved that eventually had president Bush being declared that one of the contested elections said play after Richards assistant director of the Quinnipiac University polling and student Connecticut. I wonder if he's related to cloud Richards. The poll of 248 Florida registered voters doing 26 of 20 second whatever it is. Also showed that Harris remains the strongest candidate in the race to unseat Nelson. And she's wasn't by 80 million votes. I think like that. I call him bill. He's pretty mediocre. He's look warm at best. WQAM. Hello. Anya. What's going on? I've been sir. The reason I've been listening from two to four is because it changes into WTD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. WD. You have no. WD. ? ? ? Now, so I did a little research on here because I have my frying pan is T-fail and T-fail if you go to their website They give you a son dance. Oh, no, not awesome. We don't do this. But it'll be playing out And then of course if you mean they they have what they call P. F. T. E. But oh, yeah, that's better extra good Teflon and other nonstick pans killed birds. Do you know that? So not that you're bird going anywhere near your fried pan and whatever you do Discussing over stick your bird in your fried pan. Oh That kid that that Emil her she was sticking to his bird right there in his mouth right do you use that? That one how about your friend other than that Canadian stuff you're talking about you actually still use it T-fail All right, what's what should I use? Like stainless steel really yeah All right, I use it that much you know, more so lucky if you're gonna saute like mushrooms and onions Which I like to once in a while you're not gonna do that on the flavor wave. I stop using it when I noticed a little you know the coating would come up Change it like an off and that's enough for me. I don't start flaking a little bit Also flow there was a stainless steel bottom of my pocket I thought you know, come on here about that That's another reason to get the flavor wave for your burgers and Josh by the way when you were taking a doos was Raving about the flavor wave you probably didn't want to hear about it, but he was just going on Why would no one hear about it? I got one too. Yeah, I know it's not only that, but I got I've got a cook That does all the work for me. Well, you all you gotta do a set of relief. Yeah. I don't even say that I'm walk away Get it right, set it and walk away. I'm not to be confused about around for peel I just hate them like poison. No, set it and forget it. That's his whole stick now around for peel Root and they say set it and walk away 560 we're gonna put the man dog on top if it's the last thing We do if we have to stay until midnight we're gonna get him on top Because anybody that tries to tell me the damdle of bastard is hip is entertaining. It's cool. It's popular is dreaming man How many times? How many thousand times do they think damdle of bastard voted on there? That's nothing him and his big fat ego see the problem of the boosters as much as we like him It's that's his bunk butt buddy is then lebastered their real leg body. Oh, wow. Yeah So you guys aren't fooling us for a second in fact the bastard was the one that's the sucker in him and they're going over there We shall regret he should have taken a Marlon's TV job man. He would have been great in my right to their Josh No He would not have been great no, no, as he would have been great, but he shouldn't have taken the job We talked about what you and rich what is this thing about you in rich walls? So if you got something going on with him that we don't know about I don't talk to they got why not? I have no idea I just don't wise this personality off the earth. This is good as it is on here I don't know I really haven't more not Rossi what kind of a guy is Focci Rossi. Oh, I young guy See that's what we need cool young guys Instead of this old demographic we got him with his damn old Jews on this station. It's a me. Well, Perms team Hello, yes, sir. Young Jews we need yes, that's not a call to new reality show with one issue That one we're doing Yeah, okay, see the guys working on some new material for the summertime excellent so much better than just coming on there Yeah, whatever he does Nice job pal. Oh, WQA and hello Hey, me or either great This and I got a different new point on this. They're running in take all of them My series years ago you taught me something that A and radio I could take your show so serious lady know And then during the Gore bush of presidential people would call up Crash you was a hey if the entertainment show right so many of you really listen to sports that month radio that much But that's what I did listening to it because I Get a kick out of it. Thank you the colors. I mean call out of any Hey, who I think is all but go take it as this round. I look at his entertainment. That's why I listen to sports radio I'm not really in the sports, but I think of those people took it as entertainment instead of you know Think of a new everything about sports always And if I can just end and end them to what you're saying there was absolutely nothing entertaining about Ira win bag or Mike Burradino being on the phone for half an hour Droining on bappa bappa buggling People with personalities right you know, thank you mad dog I mean take it on his color sometimes know, so these guys will call me as a gentleman's question or and when he gets all Let me send her to you. What a line up on up this pot in the morning. I want to hear ankle break I don't want to hear these other losers if they were so good to have their own show and that's that's what it was down to we can add Are you falling by the Humper? Crash across it out. Yes, I'm going to be the greatest break, right? They did this big promo for the Miami-Hero sports that you're named all the Three-year show. Yeah, they just means all the sports people that write for the Miami-Hero You know, they mentioned Barry and everybody was great You stop they doing all that I'm surprised they hear that on your show as a sponsor Why is that? Well, because you know you don't take much of the hero living in the second It will take anybody's money man was the big Yeah, you're running if you don't anybody don't want to give me the business address Excellent, all right. You have a great day YouTube It's a good call study actually how's that and I know I understand why but I'm not gonna knock it right right right He has it's leak is up on the website by the way. Oh nice going Eric We take a puke out it okay during the break. I'm gonna click on here and listen I'm gonna tell you seriously. I want you people to leave on that I don't care what parents says I don't care what Greg Reed says or a little Maddie Bill or Ray Perry frame the other whispers that we got right around that building scared of their own shadow let it out knock them out You This guy I I'm glad. You just don't feel it not me. He's a bigger, how better than you been. I have me. Now all the papers say. I'm a big fan. Jesse's got a love child. You want to bathe me and make it? Well done, boys papers. Be smart. And you bet you pay. Like it's spicy. Not a mind. Yeah, the good is in trouble. It would say, well, yeah. Oh, now I'm a dad. The big part of the tense scene. Yeah. This was my dad, okay, straight. There was a heart, we just had to round. The overall face with his who keep her. I made two bad make spaces to end when we came. Maybe we didn't waste that. In the memory gave her a world. Shall we touch a beat without being made? Make sure you water her. I think it was something. Jesse's got a love child. Yeah. You got to bathe me and shoot. Well done, boys papers. Be smart. Yeah. You want to round and weigh me? You're right, since I see. Nothing but no doubt. I need some more money. You can travel, it would say. Yeah. You can come and have a very good day. Part of the tense scene. How is it? Yeah. You mean you're a fucking kid? It would be a bad speed. Yeah. I think the world could do a thing. This was not a doubt case dream. I'm not a real man. I'm a real man. I've recently played that. It's guess who's on top of that all over. I think on stuff. I'm actually a constant story. Yeah. Already? Jesse. You offered to us. You're fair. Idiot. I'm a hypocrite. What did you have to buy people? There you go. They're going to be going to. They'll probably go to Rancho Cuco Mangra. I thought you were going to say can't come. You know that little square yellow button in here on my board? Yeah. I just hit it. Okay. You just don't get it. You know, you get it a little bit. But you just don't get it all the way. You know, and with a summer here upon this right now, I'm just making a suggestion that you keep certain things in mind. Anyway, what sports radio talks your hosting preferent to 4 to 7 PM slot. Look at the job that Neil has done boys and girls. You see the margin now? I think he two votes. What are you going? I haven't. I have to reload 52 votes. And in fact, when you go to our website, so you don't even have to bother with a son central craft. Just go to one of your rogers.com is usually doing. Hoping that the B.D. curtain is there, which you won't find it. But nevertheless, and right on top there, nice job Eric. Just click on that thing. We'll take you right to that whole pool. Those of you guys aren't there looking for a poll. Here's one. Hop right on it. Mad Dog 49.6% of the bastard 50.4. The margin is down to 52 votes. He was over 300 votes behind it. Do you believe when we start on this right? Yep. And he's already passed him by over 1%. And that's the poll of all the talk show hosts. I mean, as if there's any doubt, you see, the fact that the other joint had like 6,000 votes or whatever of 7,000, that's the whole audience has already had a time to vote twice. So just wait till our whole audience gets to chance to vote twice, 3, 4, 5 times, whatever. Keep you up to straight. 5, 6 on speaking of polls. Guess who's a really dropper like a rock faster than Dan Lobaster in California. There's a clue. Arnold? The same California voters who gave Arnold rare a review views in his victory. And the unprecedented 2003 recall election are not interested in a 2006 sequel by the actor turned politician according to a field poll released yesterday. Max, you I need. And a sterling reversal of public opinion, 57% of the state's registered voters would not support Schwarzenegger's election next year. I'll from 42% of February. 57% say bye by Arnold. Don't come back. Those had votes for our return to Sacramento, tumble from 56 to 39% 39%. The governor has yet to announce that he's going to run again. Finds himself running slightly behind to democratic challenges. There's a broad range of discontent among voters with people turning away from the governor said Mark D. Camillo directly field poll. It didn't take long to turn them off to catch around the him or the dumb ass he is. But you know who's fall is that? Who's stuck him in there right? Right. It's like that mess we got into with a stern show on this radio station. Who's fall was that? Who made the decision? Who put him on the air? Huh? Everybody stepped back to the right. And who's screw over Joe Rose on a process 3? If that's story is true about Jimmy Ciffle. You were sitting here witness. We had confirmation on that this morning. From someone who has some context in the Dolphins organization. Jimmy Ciffle is played by a playman in the Dolphins. That would be us taking a linear martes and making him the. What else are we got? What do we got? What kind of job prison should we prepare para Anthony arts we call a meantime? You want to know the way presentation? Miguel and Franz border explicar. Tada fro and with their talks I asked him someone to answer but i think somebody would tune the answer, Dave, but he would not go frompter to Sandra to a Spectacular to someone andge, and one partner would STB Professor Carl later he would go to Slindersburg. Lesson two smaller issues we want to bring review floor, which poster would you write today. Ed, also, to Imam Pus buenos? Okay, the s are far too close to party. you know, Schwarzenegger was in the secret energy meetings with Jerry, but yeah, this was right. What what could he possibly have to offer if the end of the shows in the movie, did a how and run was screw in the state of California? Right. Well, obviously this was all planned and plotted ahead of time and now unfortunately the California's a fine and out they were dupped. But I guess you know nobody cares they want to put about Michael Jackson in there. And don't forget to run away bright. And the hell you're on your radio app. Except for you, you're showing a couple of there's nothing on the radio. There's nothing on television. There's not even anything worthwhile seeing the movies anymore. Yeah. The corporateization of everything has just it's obliterated everything. I'm out of the track. And well, would buy him? Yeah. Sounds good to me. Thanks. I go a bumper sticker to the day Neil. It's a yeah looking better every day. Okay. They care about my. Oh, it's been going to Canada. Good timing, Palmy. I'm not sure which one I'm going to do for you. See the thing about the Super Bowl ring that Bob Kraft gave the Putin as a like to look at and hang on to and it's stuck in his pocket. You know, where's my story of oh yeah here? Can he answer finally wise enough, eh? Canada will draw a pleasure slice and giving the if the right to ban the bulk sale of prescription drugs and other medicines to the USA when necessary to ensure it's sufficient supplies in Canada, health minister Ujala Dawson's your dosines said yesterday. Other one of them in June guys. And he liked that. So in other words, Canadians are saying, let's take care of our own people first. And then if we got a bunch of stuff left over, then maybe we'll take care of the fact that you for Americans are getting raped by the pharmaceutical companies and your government's not protecting you from getting raped in it. Though a surge said the government must be able to block plans by some of the West States to make bulk purchases of medicines from Canada where prices are generally lower because of government imposed limits on what pharmaceutical companies can charge for their drugs. I want to read that paragraph again. Those times that the government must be able to block plans by some of the West States to make bulk purchases of medicines from Canada where prices are generally lower because of government imposed limits on what pharmaceutical companies can charge for their drugs. As opposed to the West that allows these people to live in bend with these people and let some continue raping and raping. And when you sit there watching you're not really news every night between six nine o'clock and night, every other spot, two out of every six spots are for either some over to counter a prescription drug. Be sure to ask your doctor about lipitor about so core about some other poison. Right? Right? You see the bone does it. Yeah. We got some pill for you no matter what if you got a headache we got a pill. If you got your ass ach, if you got like a hair lip, if you got like a hair out of joint, we got a pill for it. Would you like to have a hair lip? Right. In light of potential American legislation legalizing the bulk import of Canadian prescription other medications, our priority must be the health and safety of all Canadians and the strength of our health care systems that do sons. A, it must be protected in making you proactive in making sure that these supply of affordable prescription medications remain stable on sufficient to meet the needs of Canadians first to the pharmaceutical companies and threaten the health shimmons to Canada if the grocery transport is back to the U.S. and sold at levels that undercut U.S. prices. How do you like that? That's right. You're messing with a screwing up all our plans. Like, as you said, yeah, you're screwing up all our plans. We want to continue to be able to rate the American public and have all these doctors on the end of a string by the detailed man. It was nauseating for me to sit in the doctor's office down there and he's a good guy, but you know, not going to go into personalities. That would be bad, because I may need him again someday. But he, he just started in on that, you know, actually it was the next day when he got the blood test results in me called me. And he's named him all on lipitor and protocol and Crestor and Crestor and Crestor and I thought, geez, that's the one that they just were trying to take off the market because people are dying from it. Remember those stories? Yeah, it's good for you though. Ah, you forget about it, you know? Yeah, I'm too. And he was serious. Crestor didn't bother looking up the interactions with the drugs. I was taking what he knew what they were because he just got through rewriting my prescriptions to the other drugs and I'd bother going on. Let me just tell you this folks, seriously. Do a Google, in fact, do it right now for me. And then we'll find out exactly what the website is. I'm prescription on drug. No, you need to write just drug interactions. Okay, Google it. And you do the first one or the second one you get is a sensational website. And all you do is it's got the list and you just click on you pair up together, whichever two drugs you want to see if there's a bad reaction. Check in directions. Drug dig just out of the way. Right, that's it. And believe you're Italy to tell you as the reason this is what the problem is and that's why you shouldn't take them together or no interaction. Then you feel like, you know, maybe you live and maybe you will, maybe you want. But it's a good thing. Because a lot of people out there pop and talk like crazy, especially a 2 a.m. You wait, you wait and see what's going to happen with this pool. Okay, I talked an aspirin and I got asked here. You got asked here, ask here, ask here, ask here to words. I'll be there. Just like you expect them to be asked here. Yeah, I had that once for a couple of weeks. If if some pills made it go away like, yeah, like, my ass here. You want to put two five cheeks on your earlobe. That's called ask here. I'll speak out of that movie. I'm glad you turned it off when you did. You'd been grossed out by that same video. Oh, yeah, he's good though that email her. She's a fine, no, young man. Good actor. This was a very sensitive role that he played. I'm sure that, you know, for a similar little sensitive too. I don't know what that means. 113 at 560 WQM. Oh, Morgan, CKLW. Well, that's it. That's all or what? What is I apologize? I didn't get a little on on shorts and I could. Arnold, before we get started, what is that smell? That's my new colon. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip, colon. That explains it. I guess that's right. Next question. You know, there's all the speculation that you will all up please. You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know, I fool the whole world. What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor? The seasons are easy to make when you are informed. What does that mean? It's onion dip, colon. No, I don't mean about the colon. I mean, what does that statement mean? Right. Next question. What is what I go to sacramental? I will pump up sacramental. Well, how exactly are you going to do that? I'm going to pump it up. How? By pumping. But this is a government. This isn't a gym. No, pumping. Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have. Oh, that's a straight half of where you tread small report to man. Well, there have been reports that you have straight in your man. You straight. It's onion dip, colon. It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up sacramental is the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you would harm free. He would harm for it was never the governor of California. Exactly. It's onion dip, colon. Anyway, it's a what I was going to do was see. Okay. Oh, tell you. It was. That's what I was going to do. Okay. Man dogs in the lead. How do you like that? Is this impressive or what? Showed up. It is. And the reason it's impressive is because he was like hundreds of oats behind what we started this was goes to show. If we were to like, bush stuff in the beginning when this came out and everybody on the even keel they could pump it up like our own on their station with their 2000 listeners and we could have pumped it up on ours with our 150,000 listeners, whatever we got. And you know, and ever the train told me, look at that. 50.4% of mad dog 49.6% the unshist animal bastard, the professional ethnic. 30, 36.45. So, mad dog's already 55 oats ahead. See that? 65. 55. And pulling away. I just don't understand. See, this business of not being able to compete of just assuming that's a goal way like the fan would away like 940 a fox, whatever that was when I- that's not the way to compete. Okay. The only problem is that our people, our management people don't have any idea how to compete. All they do is to sit back and assume needle continuing the every of the second or third month to throw in a nine or a 10-year and mad dog will throw in one of his eight or nine shares and we can all like a glam onto that and you know suck around and have those parties and say, oh, let's have a ratings party and some of any other in the back, for these big numbers that those guys got. Yeah, right. They did it. Speaking our ratings and polls, this makes me I am going to get down on a floor and gag. I'm going to pick up brought worst. By nearly a two to one margin, Florida voters say they disagree with Governor Jeff Bush's that's your fat ass governor. His order to investigate whether Terry Shabo has husbandally calling 9-11 is wife collapsed in 1990 and see his actions has motivated by politics rather than sincere conviction by more a two to one margin. But 49% of the 1248 Florida voters are read by the Quinn P. Mc University Polings to approve the Bush's overall job performances governor compared to 40% who did not. More than two thirds say he should not run for president in 2008. 70% of the response including a majority of Republicans have been opinion said that do not want to see Bush try to succeed his brother 70% he was however out of step with most voters on the Shabo case Terry and her two nearly have 46% said they agreed strongly another 12% agreed somewhat with the decision we move the woman's feeding two compared with only 24% of disagreed strongly. Bush's efforts to have her two restored were eventually embraced by his brother who came rushing back from Texas to make sure he stuck his nose in there and tried to get some political for that political capital of spend in that political capital is always spending if there's spend this. What radio do you listen to most between seven and ten as far as so grand I left this up all day because we got the audience kind of like radio intensive now they might actually give the audience the radio out of their dumpster you think we're getting out of the bottom of this swimming pool right holding the store a long time ago they might 741 votes hey gold bird 163 almost 22% that's okay not great none 1.28 era america 94 what what's their claim to fame all of a sudden what what's their story what what's the deal over there I don't know they still got an out frank and they got Randy on it night what those that I did with anything right is he on a night all right when is she on I don't know call well find out other FM 71 NPR 70 waxed the ticket 55 hank over 163 710 the ticket 55 and that's still rose which is by far in a way they're strong this link trust me when I tell you there's nobody over there I mean still gots an omelet and toast and juice and the sausage I mean are we crazy or what and for tata what time is for tata on pollen run 51 other AM32 satellite radio 23 W. I would be 18 that's that's record going back or whatever and they what are they doing more they actually do news they have a news block on the All-new station leave it to clear channel they buy up 85 stations and we don't even have an all-new station to market anymore nice going pd you idiot hot 105 5 li 105 Steve King 5 that means we voted twice magic 5 kiss four internet radio a three the coast to love 94 or two oh 94 we talk about a statement's got bogus numbers in there all of a sudden the last two months in arbitra and they found all these all these jazzy folks out there 5 but he put about the snap and her fingers he's got me do you know anybody who are less and still let's see there he goes again I'm reaching for it in touch it but I'm reaching I'm reaching out by a boy for them W. E. D. R. 2 and that's melt for me is needs still dead the velvet frog the velvet frog our MF has got one CMQ has got one power 96 one and none zero the big oh when it was the big eight and then there's the big oh It's like bill or I'm ready to ready to wait for him by the way he's still got a point That's gone bill he's probably gonna be making an obscene phone call with a sure pretty soon HCR none life none I don't know mom be none and M. G. E. Smegman none nobody likes that smegma when in doubt Watch it out 751 vote. How you like that? I think it's kind of interesting you know, and I think see if our Me if I don't keep picking on sure I do if they be more interested in understanding radio and talk radio As opposed to this this sports this job who's got this same fellow in Josh strip, you know And how long can we interview Carlos still got us so we can screw George or your show for an hour and a half so we can't take any And in addition to which let me ask you this what kind of an interview last for an hour and a half anyway It was an hour first of all or so what kind of an AV last for an hour very important one that kills a lot of time So that the host doesn't have to go on and talk I don't I'm not buying it Let me say it again when I want to hear the Hank Goldberg show I want to hear the Humphors Okay, that's what I want to hear him ripping him chewing and kicking ass and and talking I don't want to hear some flunky sports nerd from some stupid ass newspaper that even a bird to want to drop a number on and that's Clarence's idea of programming the radio state parents. I got news for okay It's not personal. It's business Go sit on the potty and just say there That's it. Nothing more than just just say there. We'll let you know where to come out Okay, we'll put Josh and charge it at a Simon Josh. Sure. A courtist and Josh Dero We're not Josh and you give him a little buzz get a cell phone number time you'll call him when it's safe to come out. Okay, okay I got my windows down I got my windows down I got my windows down Oh Why Oh Paul by bridge it up on drain can he just sprinkle a short time carried Edwin starh It doesn't matter. Oh no, not at one star. I thought there was another at one star on this Discargot here. I'm just looking. I'm looking. I got a great one. It's over here. Be out of me. Oh, I don't want to hear it. I do love this though This Marvin still in that in Marvin still. Yeah, he still can he still did They Marvin Tammy Tross, he's still dead, right? I reckon that he was playing. I didn't even know who's sick Let's see Okay, let me try it again one more time because I love that jingle That's that That just fits together like O.J. and gloves, you know anyway, there's a that's a new form I'm gonna have a bunch of old Jews playing oldies on here. What have you big hank and mo and Oh We think it's the first time man dog is way ahead by the way now to see that yes He's just about a hundred votes ahead. He's pulled away in the stretch and gonna win like second tear in the bell Mine and so you know keep that on there as long as you want to uncynnal because we'll build up See we have that a chance to get their whole audience to vote four times before we even got out of the starting game On this horseball layman's radio station But just slackers we got man, you know something we shall overcome in spite of a leadership with God Spide of these idiots these boneheads Do we have to get back what do I have to start singing that though? Yes, here's the way I have to start singing Let's do the pop-up come on, Jellie Oh Even I like that that's pretty good. I'm going low and golden Okay, did that do it for you? Oh, yeah twice so here's this thanks from one of our chronics I'm gonna follow in that sentence as Sentinel full since George mentioned last week and the numbers have shifted so many times It's obviously being man man manipulated notice though the only consistency has been more as the weakest leg Are you picking on mold or does that is issues? You know, he's got issues and tissues and whatever You're right or not whatever So anyway getting back to this thing about drugs I was talking before it about all the spots on TV at any evening are on drugs and trying to be too hooked The full page yet and parade magazine jota woman and shirts scored in high heels under a headline killer legs and It's got an effect. So we have this on our website right Josh is it today? I don't know I don't know even young healthy legs can hide a killer blood clot if the blood clot Braceless and travels to the lung and to be fatally I'd said deep famed trombosis a silent killer It was powerful marketing tapping primal fears of death and disease targeting the healthy for lifelong use of blood thinners Variations of this warning were brought to newspaper magazine readers TV viewers and doctors across the world by events as pharmaceuticals maker of the blood thinner love a low venex Did we hear below venex? No no I got platyx. I'm poppin it. Here's one right there When you saw the ad dr. H. Gilbert well showed theft for Vermont was deeply troubled not about getting clots But about a venezis scare tactics or a clot from the ad you might conclude that the disease affects women in the 30s Well editor of effective clinical practice magazine in fact It's a disease of people over 60 recovering from surgery injury or immobilizing illness Such misleading marketing is a prime tool to expand the market for the medicines of drug giants such as a venex To push its blood clots drug event is targeted a larger and for our healthier population Now elderly we covering from surgery people will fly long distances You know they're always talking about if you sit like out of the transatlantic flight for hours and hours You get deep deep vein trombosis right deep vein trombosis is become a hazard of air travel Firstly for those seated in the coach cabin where there's minimal legroom. It's been nicknamed economy class syndrome event is website said no matter that over the past decade by best accounts only four or five people I've already got the 600 million annual passengers have been showed to a die from blood clots caused by air travel four or five out of over 600 million That's dangerous Venezis were to be kind there more people die from listening to the wrong radio station and that A venezis woman to be economy class syndrome on billboards at airports if fun the coolest event deep vein trombosis It helped plant favorable stories in the media and enlisted the world's name and help aids in see the W.A. Oh, and it's marketing efforts. I think I'm sure we got to send a website It's just too long in ponders for me to go into this just to make a long story short They're killing you with pills baby. They're marketing it. They're not they're not trying to save your health They're trying to take your money. They want your money. That's all in fact instead of all these ads for lipatory and crests door and all those other crap and so Core what they should do is just just have a toll free number just call this number and send us your money Because you're credit card number send us your money, right? Right and then at the end you might still be alive You might not be able to eat for a while, but you're at least will be alive Maybe lose some weight. Maybe that's maybe that's the new drug cure Send us some money so you can't afford to eat you can't afford to go to a co-bomb creamery or the marble slab Slob whatever it plays it. Did we get anymore feedback on that or not? Not yesterday, or anything the Josh go back to the goldstone creamery and men your ways I didn't I'll have to line on get whether it was baby last night Well, I'm sure you I get a time man drilling for oil drilling for something by the time I'm back on next Tuesday I want another report an update maybe whether wrong holiday week Okay, no next Thursday that Marlon games a home game. I believe that's what I was told Yeah, yes, it is yeah, they go when they play the mess this weekend But this is really fast a given it yeah, they come home for a couple of games and they go on a road again Then it come back home. It's just all over the place the mountains. We love them. Marlon during the same week from today Maybe 12 30 free games show rain or shine rain or shine That's that's we're Santa right now. Just keep saying that to yourself rain or shine if it should get rain out of something George will be standing by here Chillin Our Right stamp Get through. Inhale to me. left weones reach coaches. Better hop on that pole, they're starting to strike back obviously they're like trying to counter over the other joint out across the street. They're mobilizing their 10 people. We're not all in the universe as Tommy Cruz. Oh God, are we ever going to head to last to him? Oh, and then Georgia's on the air, time about how good that movie was. Right, Raven about it. The Raven says never more. I can't believe that you can't find the original more of the world's. Not handily, I'm not the ordered online. And it's been all over my cable here to last since since the hype for the new Vester. It's been all over my cable, like Stink on Greg. Well, you know what that goes when you want to see something at eight there. Right. And when you don't want to see it, and I watched a couple of minutes here and there, but I may have seen it so many times. It's really originally when it first came out long before you guys were born long before the old code that I am. What it was the pinnacle. That's what I was told. Tommy would answer Tommy Cruz not only this is from Berlin, no less, but I sure like Berlin. Not only battles creatures from outer space and his latest film, or the world's. He also believes aliens exist. He told a German newspaper yesterday. He said he seen Ali on. And we seen him too too much. And the oil has still a group in for it. Asked in any of who would the tabloid daily bill that he believed in Ali and Cruz said, yes, of course. Are you really so arrogant? It's to believe we're alone in this universe. Millions of stars were supposed to be the only living creatures. No, there are many things out there. We just don't know. Cruz 42 said the interview published in Truman. And of course, he's got to say that because that's the basis for his whole religious BS. Cruz is a follower of the Scientology Church founded by a science fiction writer, El Ron Hubbub, and as we said, one of the witnesses discussed the face of his race, I'd roused in the media. I'm raising all three of mine now. Most controversially Cruz criticized actress, broof shields for revealing she'd taken any depressants. And a official Scientology website argues that people should live drug free. Right. I wonder first, Limbarhood then. I want to look free drugs. Cruz, he said, I'll drugs ought to be free. Cruz also dismissed this side, kind of, to use a pseudo science involving invoking the air of the APA, the covermark's irresponsible, unacceptable. But many Scientologists feel they're unfairly criticized. Are you in that although many believe in the concept of aliens, it's not such an unreasonable proposition. And that the side effects of some education are not fully understood. Cruz is new. Fill more of the world's based on British writer HD Wells, 1918, 1898 story of the invasion of Earth by Martyn. I thought they were from Uranus. Tom, that's very. Anyway, here's that story about the, the valor of Vladimir Appuntang, Russian president Vladimir Putin walked off in the winland Patriots on a Robert crafts diamond and trusted 2005 Super Bowl ring, but it was a was it a generous gift of very expensive international misunderstanding. This is another one of those stories that we keep hearing all over the place. We ought to be spending a lot of time worrying about this. Aren't you? Good. Oh yeah. Following a meeting of American business executives and Putin at Constinovsky Palace, New Saint Petersburg on Saturday, craft show during the Putin who tried it on, put it in his pocket and left. Oh, that's, that's a lovely one. Yeah. It wasn't clear of craft who's business interests include paper and packaging companies and venture capital investments in Canada that Putin keeps the ring. Stacey James, a spokesman for the football team, city yesterday, the craft was traveling ahead and talked to him in four or five days despite emails and calls. He's still overseas. I can't even tell you where he's not too back till next week. He'd be saying it. It's an incredible story. I just haven't been able to talk to Robert Crafting and Fermi told the A and P. However, if senior criminal official to meet me, Peskov told the A. P. The ring was a present. It was offered as a gift to the Russian president, the presence of numerous journalists. We honestly didn't get any signals from the person who offered it that he was in awkward situation. He said Putin had given the ring to the criminal library where they're foreign gifts are kept. He said the ring was worth substantially more than a $15,000 as the value had been reported. It refused to be Pacific, but no, the ring has got $124 diamonds. I like that. Leave a rush. Remember, Cheez had Tommy Thompson said he couldn't believe how they haven't poisoned our food supply at, right? He's still trying to get them to, right? About a third of an ounce of bachelors in Taukson poured by bioterrorist into a milk truck on roof from a dairy farm to a processing plant who caused hundreds of thousands of deaths and billions of dollars in economic losses. Oh my God. According to a scientific analizationalist published this week despite efforts by federal officials to keep the details secret. Everything's got to be a big, deep dark secret. The analysis by researchers had Stanford posted on Tuesday on the website of the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences seeks to quantify security weaknesses and relations with the supply chain. Well, let me hate to any of you. We'll drink cow's milk, fools, maniacs, lunatics. Let me ask you again. Is there any other animal that drinks the milk with another animal? I don't know. I keep checking that. Although some of the yeah, but you will. Although some of these existed changes are already underway. Federal officials felt the material had an up potential for misused to warn the last minute effort to halt publication that effort proved to be as contentious as the publication itself and has assured the reports placed in scientific canon is one of the first test cases of how to bounce scientific freedom and national security in the post now a little bit era. We just do this one. That's the first tiny philosophy. By the way, they're starting to pick on Cheney now too. I think that is not about time. Oh geez. His own people are starting to say, well, maybe he just went a little bit overboard there. You know, that the last throws of the terrorists and how the new deal is they're saying that Iraq is a hotbed of terrorism. I wonder why that happened. How did that happen? El Presidente. Okay. Don't figure we got the most of it too. Mad dog is for you know, this idea of comparing putting down a bastard in a class with Jim Mandage would be like putting guilty in a class with Westbrook and Voorhees water crime code and Edward Armero. Play like man and they look like women. Hey, looking, looking, looking, looking. You got to be much more. You got to be much more. You got to be much more. You got to be much more. You got to be much more. Hey, first buddy, say we're having a weekend. He's got a good team. I can eat much chicken liver than any men alive. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up?