First hockey, the pop drops here. Thursday nights, has stayed host of Bumble Lo's Neighbors Live from Big Atlantic Center. Today, my channel likes to have a superstar set 630 with Panther 3-year, 2-10-40-A-M, that's 10-40-A-M for this game. I'm gonna score for you five-six. You way, yeah. I need a dog. The end is weird. Wonder what the significant of this is. Ah, you ought to ask Brian, he's the one who's playing it. Brian, friend. I don't think we should discuss this. What's wrong? Has nothing to do with you and me. Go like Frank Sinatra? Yeah, I mean, I know Neil does it. I mean, I don't like him personally either, but I got to give him this credit. What's the point of time he had some, you know, decent types? Frank? Yeah. You know, before he got old, you know how that goes. You know what, he was pretty amazing actually. Right. You know, when you look at the tapes of him today, I'll tell you who else is pretty amazing. When you look at tapes of him today, and he can still sing Tony Bennett. Right. It's all horse though, not that he's the only one that's singing through a, you know, rough horse, boys like God's Stewart, no, there's how about Wayne. Wayne who? Wayne Newton? Wayne Newton's boy. Wayne Arnold. Kind of shot. Yeah, well, nobody's voice, you know, stays good forever, you know. Right. It's at the horse. Right. There you go. When you, well, when you don't have to sing. I, I was not, but Frank Sinatra was pretty amazing. Yeah, I'll give him some credit for what he was. Yep. You know, a singer? Yeah. Wasn't a bad actor. He was a very adequate actor. As a matter of fact, some good performance. Got an Academy Award, right? Mentoring candidate. Well, you got an Academy Award for playing private magio. Right. And then you got a award picture from here to eternity. That's right. Which was a good movie. It was a great movie. With Ernest Borgna and as a son of a bitch, I wonder why he didn't play more roles like that. So, Judson. Oh, yeah. You know, with the line was when Celatua went mad, you know, went in there. I forgot. I saw it like three times. Fatso, your piano playing stinks. You know, Ernest Borgna had an ugly, ugly mug. But he was always playing these goofy, happy, go-lucky kind of characters. Yeah. You know, like, McHales Navy and then the Marty thing. But he, I think he was the best way was like a rotten dirty bastard like he wasn't that movie. Oh, he was a mean guy in that movie. He was the sergeant in a stock trade. Yeah, yeah. That wasn't alright, movie. I was. I think true, true. I can't stand like 40s movies. That was a 40s movie, wasn't it? Uh, I was a festies movie. Okay, see that explains it. You know, it was right there with, on a waterfront came out of the same time. Every time I, because, uh, I got this prejudice against black and white movies, cause they all remind me like that same 40s genre. That's why I was asking you a while back, you know, name a good 40s movie. And every time somebody names a movie that, uh, that's a good black and white movie, it turns out to be either from the 50s or the 30s. You know, most of the good 40s movies were wartime movies. Okay. But weren't they, uh, a little bit, samey? Didn't they just follow the same kind of a formula? Uh, some of them like the westerns. Yeah. I think a few good ones, but most of them were just cookie cutter. Yeah. Yeah. Holly would got into that. Like right after the 30s, that's when they really got into a assembly line. Have you ever seen on a order front? Oh, yes. That movie was a black and white movie. Right. And I think the fact that it was black and white went something to the movie. Because it was grim. It took place on a docks and hoboken New Jersey. I got the black and white that I have a problem with. It's just what it represents. Because all of the 40s movies will not all of them. But most of them were in black and white. And so every time I see black and white, I think it's a 40s movie. And I'm prejudiced against it. I don't remember the 40s movies. This is, of course, because they, they, they sucked most of them. Well, I was also, you know, baby. Okay. Well, I mean, you see them afterwards and retrospective. I saw them. Yeah. I can watch it. We're right. I don't have any of them. The word those hats, you know, and they're all smoking. They got their hat tipped down over what I, and they're walking and talking. And then they're all walking fast. And the sound track is just violently and just screeching violence all the way through. And I don't know when sunset full of hard was. I just had 40, 50s. I'm, I always liked anything with William Holden. He was a brilliant, well, you know, he was great and that's a great movie. Yep. I'm ready for my close up Mr. D'Ban. 50. Josh, just looked at him already. 50. Did you see him? You see there? It's 50. That was 1950. You see the pattern? It was on the cusp right. Like, gone with the wind was 30 something. King Kong was 38. Best days of our lives was 30s. Yeah. What was, uh, oh, it's a wonderful life. The Christmas class. There was also 30s. I hated that movie. Oh, I hated that movie. I mean, it was good right up until the end. I haven't issue with the endings of movies. Saturday night live did a comedy. No, no, no, no, no, no. The one thing I liked about it was that the Christmas angels name was Clarence. That's right. Don't was good up until the end was so unacceptable considering all the crap that this guy went through. There was nothing resolved there at the ending. Right. They were just supposed to feel good because it's friends supported him even though the bad guy got away with it. I'm like, what kind of the happy ending is this? Saturday night live did a sketch where they beat the crap out of the guy at the end. They find the money and trace it back to the old guy in the wheelchair and knock him out of his wheelchair and kick him and hit him with clubs and chains. That would've been the right ending. George, I'll tell you some movies that I thought were pretty good in the 40s. Mm-hmm. And that was some of those arrow Flynn, uh, you know, sword fighting movies. I loved those. The Robin Hood and the Captain Blood movie. Yeah. All those swash buckling. They were good. They were spectacular as a kid. Some of them were in color too. Yes, they were. And, uh, and I loved them a lot. Well Robin Hood for one. Yeah. I think was in color. And it was great. I love those Robin Hood. Count of money, Christo. Oh, can't get enough of them. Great stuff. And Patricia, but you're Medina. I don't know if you remember her or not. No, not really. But she and Catherine Grayson, who were actors in the 40s, was a little kid. But I was really into their, um, yeah. A countryman. Even at that early age, they moved you. Yeah. I understand. Even before you knew what? Patricia Medina had these great. And Catherine Grayson, she was in these musicals. And once you had hit the high note, take a deep breath. Yeah. What happened to you? I was taking deep breaths. Rapid fashion. Do you expand? Yeah. I see. I know. That's like the 30s movies before the, the haze office got all involved. I mean, they didn't wear bras. Yeah. Remember the original Tars and movie. They were skinny-dipping. Remember why didn't we see that? Oh, they were drill showed it on a MC just the other day. The skinny-dipping scene. I mean, it wasn't like full on. But there, you see her from the side. And, you know, and there it all is. There's a brass marino Sullivan, I think it was. Yeah. Oh, man. One of those marino. It was a little bit like a little bit. Although he had not the long hair in that first movie. It was cheesy as well. He's swinging on trap-heases for Christ's sakes. And I think she did with some, uh, a midget and a monkey suit. I'm not sure. She's a club. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's a famous night club. Yes, it is. It is. It is now. Oh. So did I miss anything last night? Um, no. Okay. I didn't think so. Now you really didn't. Good food. Um, I heard it was great. It was fine. Okay. Yeah. Nice party. Well, I'm sorry, I missed it. I had something to do. I just can't remember what it was. You know, it was great about it. What? It was free. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. That's always good. Our hands are full this holiday season. Let's just say. I don't know how to have enough hours in the day to get everything done that I need to before, uh, when the holidays are Sunday. But you were missed last night. Ah, yeah. I got that. Yeah. Somebody said, where's George? I heard it. Who? I did. I wanted it. Yeah. I was a fan of course. Of course. You missed my usual Christmas socks. I'm a batter. Yeah. I know it's just not a Christmas party. That my sock puppet routine and then the juggling. Okay. It was pretty good about the grin. Not so good. Pretty good. She always looks good. One day she looked back. Like I said, you look pretty good. I bet you. Like first thing in the morning with pillow creases on her face and boogers in her eyes. She looks spectacular. What's her makeup smeared? Yeah. I bet she's been a lot on her outfit. Oh, yeah. What's with the paint on? No. Okay. It wasn't there at all. Or maybe somebody saved money on the paint. If somebody would say I would have taken some pictures. You know, I don't have a friend for life. But no. I can't get any support. Well, you have a good day, George. You too, Hank. I'll talk to you tomorrow. All right. All right. Bye. Bye. The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guests, and colors. And you not reflect those of the busy broadcast group. It's cast, advertisers for agencies. For radio, five six weeks. That's the TV. I love Ray Ray. You're a drug, Ray. You're a drug, Ray. Guys. We're gonna go to the door. Ah. He's no home. We just got our talk with him. He knows the make me tired. He's not living. Why? We haven't tried my best to steal my best in the face. We just throwest thr his shoes on you. We drive him to the ground and play his game this week. We're just through till we have to stick with knows. Phone keys to his upside down. If he's in that hall, bro we can do that. We play back home for the last 15 days. We lost all our yarns that I watched before. And my he forgot to do that. he spent all their money on the screen. I'm still not a place for truth And the people at the mall are so And those that fly out of the moon I don't share this with my show I'll see you in the middle of the road And there's a ghost in my face too I'll say that I'll be okay I'll tell you before I bite I don't know where I am I hate the heart of the day There's many girls There's no secret girls There's one to get my body with no rules I cannot stand on the face I'm still not a place I'm still not a place I'm still not a place I'm still not a place What can you say about that? Yeah, it's tough Torble I've never been on the other tracksplame But I always wanted to Still is, I mean the record is phenomenal Even in quite great Yeah, first time that they've had a problem like this Ever Ever And they've been 1919 Yeah, I heard something like that I mean they've had other incidents before But never involving passengers You know, crap happens What can you say? You see the ball of fire video And You know, that sucks Condolences All of that I mean there's just really nothing that you can say about it I mean it's all empty and hollow Anything that you do it's going to sound like You're just doing it to look like a good guy That we would ever do anything like that But just as the bummer And it also especially Nothing that that should matter but it kind of does You know, like if God forbid, you know, and then probably Odds are that somebody on that plane was somebody's Dad or mom or something like that You know, and so for The children, you know, Christmas time means What they lost their parents or something Yeah, there was somebody actually with Seven family members on that plan Oh god, yeah, yeah, so that's that's pretty tough Plus I know there were three infants Or kids, yeah I mean, you know, they got Plane stuff happens where Hundred people die right sometimes It sucks. Yeah, I don't want to do all that Because it's a bummer thing but Um What can you say but It's a bummer Right, right? Yeah, this is a bummer too. Agents visit Children's UMass Dartmouth Senior Okay New Bedford a senior at UMass Okay, that's a part of the time Do I? I'm going there. All right, and Dartmouth was visited by federal Lagents two months ago after he requested a copy of Now T-Tung's home on communism called the little red book Wait, wait, wait, one more time All right, now T-Tung. No, no, I'm not asking that but what? They did the scummy So they called it So the federal agents went for visit Two history professors at UMass UMass Dartmouth Brian Glenn Williams and Robert What is it? Punt Brand Punt Brand Punt Brand Said the student told me requested the book Through the UMass Dartmouth Library Interlibrary loan program The student who was completing a research paper on communism for the professor Punt's Plots on fascism and totalitarianism Told that a foreign for the request Leaving his name address number and social security number Woo, he was later visited at his parents home A new Bedford by two agents of the department of Homeland Security By the way, have you seen their boats? I have not When they showed the, you know, here recently when they had Cuban refugee wannabes that got capsized Yes, very selectively I don't know if he cares about this. I'm not Oh, you're harping because you're a Cuban. I'm not harping at all I don't believe in illegal alien ship All right, and so if the Coast Guard capsizes People on their way to becoming illegal aliens I have very mixed feelings about it Because they shouldn't be there Entering the country illegally in the first place I had, you know, those of us who had to wait online For a long time And some of the consequences while we were waiting Because that's what happens to you When you declare your intention to leave a county Place like Cuba You know, I have no sympathy for people that They go around the system The system that our Black priests have in place You know, and either does anyone in my family has sympathy For people that feel like they're above the system That they're going to enter a country illegally Without invitation when the rest of us Filled out a lot of paperwork And waited our turn for a chance Because it's a lottery you understand When you want to, when you want to enter the United States So no sympathy For people that they're very first act before they even get here Is violating US immigration law But you notice that when they show those videos They never show you the Coast Guard Actually ramming their boats and capsizing them But that's what they do All right? Okay I'm not saying that that's a bad thing I'm just saying that that's what they do But then they showed the boat capsizing And the people sinking and you know, they were drowning victims But then they're circling around You see the Department of Homeland Security OpenFishman-Slasher cigarette kind of style boats Very nicely, very new New painted I'm not sure if we need it You know, an American was another level Really expensive level of bureaucracy with a I'm just a whole new level of people to have to pay And you saw the result over here in New Orleans Because Michael Brown as in that as he was He couldn't have done anything anyway Without the permission from Skeletor Church off From Riffraff over there So you know how efficient our government was to begin with Let's just slow it down by adding a whole new level of bureaucracy Which was all designs that just had all of the departments And so answering to one department that would answer to the president And his intercircle And let's not get ahead of ourselves Talking about this spy and business That's actually being talked about on our regular You know, daytime news How do you like that? On the regular mainstream media They're actually talking about how the president is fighting How about that? Tentremus, I'm not a dictator And if you call me that one more time, I'll have you shot And kid, did you see that clip? I'm not a dictator And I represent that implication And as soon as I find out what that word implication means So you want me to finish reading this? Yeah, I'd like to know What the professor said the student was told by the agents that the book was on a watch list And that his background, which included significant time of broad Triggered them to investigate the student further Just mind one of those things down to us Because you're a travel man, you've been to Seattle You know Seattle is a blue state I do, right? And you know that they drink a lot of coffee Yes And coffee and coffee Start with the same kind of a sound Yes, they do All right And those people that drink coffee all day Are Hopped up And caffeine is a drug All right And so That's building a kind of profile about you I tell my students to go to the direct source And so he asked me for the official peaking version of the book Professor Pat Brain said Apparently the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring Interly very low and because that's what triggered the visit As I understand it now There's a whole, I'm stopping it half of this because we're up against the break But what does Communism have to do with Islamophascism Because that's the word that the president likes to throw out there Islamophascism is a religious fundamentalist belief system Communism And some of us remember the whole communist hysteria that was going on Communism is equal to Atheism Right? Right? In Russia, in China The Communism in Atheism go hand in hand The wife was watching some movie last night with Ingrid Bergman as some nun And I walk in and I start talking and she shushes me Which is usually the case And I go to the church She shushes me because the children at the convent Are you following me? The children at the convent We're being led by the nun in the pledge of allegiance And the movie was filmed in 1946 So they said, one nation What comes next? Undergain Indevisible With liberty and justice for all Because it wasn't the McCarthy area And they didn't add the under god yet Because that was a kind of checkpoint Because the Christians believed this Really, are you ready for this? If a comedy Who was really an atheist Says the words under god He'll burst into flames Oh, alright a comedy Those words under god Watchfully stick in a comedy's throat And they'll fall down to the ground Choking and barfing and crawling around on their hands And knees because an atheist can't utter those words Under god without suffering Some adverse reaction And you'll be able to spot a comedy Because they'll avoid saying those words Alright? Because for fear of being struck by lightning By Yahweh himself To be continued 10-16 on 5-60 QAM Truth is when you near the imperial sea And the imperial sea Why is the best selling bread To be equals in the USA? And it's not fluently Only for dealing with the shot That of course, as Armstrong Ford Of homestead Now the holidays are here Maybe your car was damaged during Wilma Or maybe you just want a great new ride Whatever the deal is with you Now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich And let's even put your hands behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford Right now at Armstrong Ford homestead Some great offers waiting on you And instead of as well It was $1,000 cashback Or financing as low as 0% And the Ford 500 of freestyle Get $5,000 cashback On explore or resposition How about $2,000 cashback on escape And $25,000 cashback on focus Certain restrictions apply And when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford Like I've been told you for a long time You will get the exclusive tires And batteries for life program Nobody also dream would do that for you But they sure do Tires and batteries for life David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford And I'm a set of will guarantee you The best price in because it's locally owned Moprated They will treat you a fantastic Family to make you a customer for life You won't get a better deal on a Ford Anyplace, no bait and switch No phone and deal So call David Rich at 305, 2, 4, 7, 51, 12 Until David you want the Neil Deal As an Armstrong Ford homestead You'll find the material of 725 South Tixie highway Just 20 easy minutes out of the A36 Check them out on the web at armstrongcards.com And then grab a few miles extra To save yourself thousands and millions of dollars At Armstrong Ford of homestead This is the Neil Roger Schiff This is by 16QA6 Moka thinks that this thought of you will respond Yes, yes If he came back work with this What would Jesus do? His mother said that all well to help If he came back work with this What would Jesus do? Life at Bible Bangers and send them wild to them If he came back work with this What would Jesus do? Why of narrow Jews? Life at Bible Bangers and send great sand Toer to them? If he came back work with this What would Jesus do? Swoke the finest weed by a narrow Jews? Life at Bible Bangers and send them brown back to hell If he came back work with this What would Jesus do? Swoke the finest weed by a narrow Jews? Life at Bible Bangers and send brown back to them Sorry I was listening to NSMC Don't ask me why Has they do their best to put a happy face Oh why? Why is it doing this? Listen I reset this thing yesterday I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and pour I reset it Men say I reset it and I reset it and I reset it I reset it and I reset it and I don't understand It's out ofami quiz the content Hogwarts, then recharge the boxaways loan communism. All right. The smart thing to do to battle a result philosophy that you don't like is to learn as much as you can about it, right? Yeah, is not how you fight a war and that like the art of war by a sun suit, you know, is that isn't it better to know your enemy than to know nothing about your enemy, right? Of the little like we're like we're talking about the Islamites, don't you want to know what gets them going, what they're all upset about, why they do the things that they do, so that it does not help to stop them or prevent them or to predict their actions. I mean, that's a that's an obvious, uh, I want to say no brainer because it's cliche, but isn't that a no brainer? Yes, it is. And more you know about your enemy, the better able to defend yourself against your enemy, you are, right? Yeah. And the more you know about your enemy's arguments, the better you are, the better able you are to argue that point. So, right, exactly. And what does Chinese communism have to do with fundamentalist Islamic terrorism? Since they are enemies of each other last time I checked. Last time I checked China is occupying some Muslim areas and they're having a little bit of rebellious problems themselves. Last time I checked the communist Soviet Union was the ones in conflict in Afghanistan, uh, in conflict with Osama in the early days. Remember? That's when we were helping Osama. So if someone's taking an interest in communism, why does that put them on a department of homeland? So you're, I thought the commies weren't the enemy anymore. How the only taught me there are two significant communist countries that I know of. They might be the only ones. I'm not sure, especially after that call yesterday. I don't know Jack. Right? It will read up. I got to read up. I'm going to start reading up a little bit more and more. Don't, I don't know how to start it on that guy now. Because if he's a Christian, the version of history that he believes in is Kukuki. Because if you go into the Christian bookstore or into the bookstore of your church, besides Chronicles of Narnia, you've got their version of history books. Right? Because when you, when you have a belief system that begins with the conclusion, because here's how you wonder, how does someone with half a brain continue to believe in all this, open? And it's real simple. When you have a conclusion that you're all in love with, and you hear something that threatens that. You just discounted immediately. Oh, that's not true. That came from a liar. That came from an agent of Satan. You see what I'm saying? They have the ability to apply that kind of a kind of a condemnation to fossils and things that exist. Oh, Satan made that fossil. So as wrong as I might have been about the number of Crusades, and I'm sure glad that he corrected me. Because now I'm sorry, I've been understating the case for Christian aggression, all these years, Josh. Yeah. There's way more violent than even I gave them credit for. I had no idea how violent and how many Crusades and how many, you know, attacks were launched at people that didn't agree with them. And we got 16 total. That's according to Wikipedia. I need to read up more though. You do. Because that just, that inspired me. Right there. We're all over the place. I haven't even talked about this poll here yet. We're tangiting all over the place. You know what? That's good. Because by the time we get back to the original point, it would probably be too a clock and we'll be out of here. Good point. Right. Two days down. Look at this. It's already time for the next break. We haven't even done anything yet. Let me refresh this because it's uh, we got almost 200 votes and I want to get 200 even on the Jesus poll we're taking today. Since it's almost Christmas, it's the holiday season. And I don't think we've ever taken this exact poll before. Do you recall? Um, now 211. And it's what do you believe about Jesus? All right. And I tried to put all the options on here. If I missed one, please call it in and we'll correct it. We'll put it on right away. He existed, but was not divine as in the lead 66. And I almost voted for that because that's kind of what I believe kind of, at least that's what everything seems to be pointing towards. I would say the evidence, but there isn't any. I'm going to get a lot of calls. Maybe from that guy. Oh, the guy that the guy with Josephus is going to call him. Just this morning on the news, they were just they were throwing out their matter. Exactly. Oh, many historical documents, uh, you know, uh, refer to no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, well, there are scriptures, dude. And the mythology, in other words, there were documents written by the people that were pushing Jesus. There's, there's that. All right, copies of that. I should say, well, yeah, but they're, well, I was told what is there. They're just that a person named Jesus existed. No, nothing, nothing. Okay. Okay. Well, then when I was told the Romans wrote meticulous records about everything that was going on. When you hear the story about Jesus and, and, you know, that there was a major trial and the governor himself, decided over the trial and, you know, governors usually didn't preside over little things. You know, I'm saying it was a big deal. And this guy was the leader of a major movement. And, and the crowd had turned on him because they thought that he was going to be leading them in a military campaign. And when they found out that he didn't, they turned on him. And you would think by reading all those stories that this was significant enough to be mentioned and passing, but it was not. All right. And the Romans, they wrote about Manusia, man. They wrote about little stuff. They, they wrote about, they wrote about how the Spaniards would brush their teeth with urine. You know, they wrote little stuff like that. So you think that a big trial, a big moment like that that a governor would have had to preside over a potential rebellion avoided something like that would be mentioned somewhere, but it's not. Now, watch this mysteries of the Bible stuff on history and all these things. And the closest that we get is that there's a description of this person here. And that might be Jesus. All right. And these texts over here describe an individual from this region that was promoting this, that and the, the Southern thing over here, that coincides with some of the things that Jesus was also promoting at the time. And so that might have been Jesus. And that's why I put on there because that's one of the theories that you hear all the time is that Jesus is an amalgamate. He's a figure that his patch together based on stories about about a whole bunch of different people. And look at him. I'm getting late again. 216 votes. 72 people say he existed, but was not divine. Don't care. 38 don't know. 34. I voted for don't know because let's say let's face it. We really don't. What the Bible says 31. I hate this poll 22. He was several different people nine and he did not exist nine out of 216 votes to be continued. 10 29 and 560 QIM. The M.O. Coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian girl made with phrase, rid of by a get restaurant review. And now we're refried through Sunday night. You can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermator style. And every night is prepped for the last in so crab legs, dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs. The menus course still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 count of 30 different items. And the most close to delicious juicy succulent New York steaks cooked to your order the way you love Manhattan Car Prime rib too. Another weekend is leave room for dessert at the M.O. Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can end if you're on starbor as marshmallows other than treats to a smearman or man to go nuts. And don't forget the M.O. Coast won't give you big headache like a lot of Chinese doings because they don't use any crap and cooking no MSD no cornstarch. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol freaking over oil. And by the way the M.O. Coast will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Three locations for either in sunrise setting out as beaves and pepper pines. Please make reservations for Christmas even day by calling 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 at a great place for a holiday feast. A real pickup at the M.O. Coast 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. This is New Roger. This is my 16 22. Tyra Banks. There's a new reality show in Wheeling in the town. I'm Larry Flint. Welcome to our America's next top last mile. When these beautiful young women fall out of the running to become a supermodel the world's most famous hostler is there to catch them. Tell me about yourself. My name is Madison. I like to see a moon. Yeah, whatever. Lose the spiders. Watch America's next topless model for an hour of glamour excitement and speed on second bottle. I've ditched the glamour excitement just go over this stand. The models that's upless and Larry Flint's their gravity is bottomless. Ginger and Ron. You're the final two contestants. I have one question for both of you. I'll come and make an out with each other. America's next topless model. Right after the top-rightest, Janet Damisom's only on TNTMA. 25 till 11 560 WQA and let me dispense with some factions here. Well, this one from win. I get this any chance you could play Swiss colony beef log from the South Park Christmas album. There's only one word that you need bleeping. Thanks, win. Don't think so, win. Not this holiday season. Not this fashion holiday season. As a matter of fact, I'm a little uncomfortable that I said that title right there. Win. I'll jump here. Just relax. How about how about this when trust us, have faith in us that we're doing everything that we can to play everything that we can. And if we don't play it, it's because we can't. In spite of all our best efforts and we are trying daily, don't we try Josh. Don't we fight? We do off the air before the show after the show. Don't we fight the forces of ridiculousity? I love making up nice. That's not like a good, I mean, what else I'm going to use that? There is ridiculous crap going on. I mean, ridiculous, that if you were watching a bad science fiction movie, you wouldn't believe it. If somebody were to throw this in there, you know, all by the way, you can't play fart sounds. Like, no, no, the gorilla with the robot head, I can accept. But you can't play fart sounds. I don't get that. You dump the open because it had, that wasn't a fart sound that was a chair being moved across the floor. Listen, it's going to be a terrible thing. I actually laughed because I hadn't heard a fart sound in about however many, you know, because you haven't been in this room lately. It's a time family guy, but yeah. And on Sesame Street, exactly. I know, my video is, and on, I mean, I've already morning cartoons and a Nickelodeon. It just reminds you how funny it is when you don't hear it for a while. Yeah. Yeah, it's funny. So I'm going to continue with this thing. When we last left this particular story, a student had been investigated by the Department of Homeland Security for ordering Malteseed Tung's little red book required required reading in Communist China because he was doing a report on communist to tallitarianism. Although the standard times knows the name of the student he is not coming forward because he fears repercussions should his name become public. He is not spoken to the standard times. The professors have been asked to comment on the report the President Bush has authorized the National Security Agency to spy on as many as 500 people at any given time since 2002 in this country. The ease dropping was apparently done without warrants. Apparently what he's admitted. He's bragging about it. And the poll numbers are up. Are you ready for that? Are they ready? He's bragging of yes. That's the story this morning. He's bragging about spying on Americans without a warrant. Understand that the law was put in place. First of all, the law that he's violating is the foreign intelligence surveillance act. There is no provision anywhere for him to spy on Americans without a warrant. All right. And when he confronts it, he's going, I'm the commander in chief. And it's war time. And what I'm really upset about is that somebody weak to story. During war time. So get this. He creates a phony war. Right? He comes up with a bunch of lies to go to war based on a whole bunch of phony false pretenses that everyone knew where lies. So that he can justify everything else that he's doing that he wants to do like spying on Americans. He doesn't like. Are you ready for that? No. And the fact that war war is an excuse to wage a uh uh uh uh his own little private war on American citizens. And they keep insisting, oh, it's all terrorism related. Well, then give us the list of the people that you're spying on. No. Are you ready for that? I'm tired of saying, are you ready for that? The student told Professor Potbrain, Dr. Anne Dr. Williams, that uh the Department of Homeland Security agents told him that the book was on a watch list. They brought the book with them, but did not leave it with the student. The professor said. Dr. Williams said in his research he regularly contacts people in Afghanistan, Czech media and other Muslim hotspots and suspects that some of his calls were monitored. My instinct is that there's a lot more monitoring than we think said Dr. Williams and he has been planning to offer a course on terrorism next semester, but is reconsidering it because it might put his students at risk. I shuttered to think of all the students I had monitoring al-Qaeda websites. What the government must think of that he said. Potsy tongue is completely harmless. Yeah, because he's dead. And because I think that even in China the people that is know that it's a crack and that communism is a crack they try to do something about it, but you know the commies mode them all down and we didn't do anything about it. They're still are are you know why we don't have an embargo with them. I don't know. They're destroying our economy. Oh, I mean I know why is because people are getting greased. That's why. 264 votes on the poll. What do you believe about Jesus? He existed but was not divine 90. Don't care. 44. Don't know. 43. What the Bible says. 36. That's 13.6% that he's Son of God. Rose again. Oh, that's stuff. I hate this poll. 28. He did not exist 12. And he was several different people 11. There's only 11 people are aware of that. I don't know. You know, it's very similar to the whole King Arthur thing. When you watch the documentaries, investigating King Arthur did he really exist that kind of thing or read some of the books. It's all in same kind of language. Here was the history tells us of a guy that lived in this period. His name was such and such and he did these things that may have been the person that they're talking about when they talk about King Arthur or there's this other person who lived around that same period of time. His name was such and such and he did these things. Maybe that was King Arthur or the stories are about both of them kind of put together because, you know, how things go. Right. During the dark ages when history wasn't really being recorded all that well or at all. And stories were being passed along, you know, word amount. In the ancient times when people believed in a whole bunch of Hokem. I mean, you know, religion as we know right now. I need to take another word of those pills. But they believe in all kinds of folk Hokem. You know, you know, you watch the Simpsons when like the old people start talking about their remedies and everything. That's just one generation back. I think you need the awesome specific. Oh, by the way, I got to get a copy of Omega Man for you because here's my here's my new policy of movies to make you watch. You're going to like this new standard. If the Simpsons used it in a spoof that you have to watch it. How's that? Well, that's going to be a lot to a lot. It's a lot, but it's somewhere it's a list that's a place to start something to work on because you saw the Simpsons where they made fun of the Omega Man. It was the one Halloween special that were all running around and rode with the white eyes eating skin. Remember that? Mo was one of the mutants. Yeah. One of those holiday things and they shoot them in the end. You know, they have this big story about peace and coming together and then the site and they shoot them all right there. That was the Omega Man parody. But it's good. It's been copied a whole bunch of times that whole sci-fi you're the last man on earth. Great fantasy. Have you ever had that fantasy? Yeah. Like the last you wake up and everybody else has gone and it's just you. Well, I've had I've had it's just me and a bunch of women. Well, yeah, yeah, you kind of need that part. I mean, that does happen in the Omega Man eventually. It's a black chick, but she's not bad. That works. Sure. It works for them. You know how that works? It's a last guide or she's the last woman on earth. All right. It's going to be needs. All right. I don't care. I want to have a big and cracker you are. I need something. But it's not bad. It's cute. And I'm trying to think of what else we need to see. I just and I actually looked around yesterday for a VCR for you. Anybody knows where they're selling cheap youth VCRs because I don't want to spend a whole lot of money on Josh. Well, that, you know, it'll set a, uh, a wrong standard like if I spend say 60 bucks on you, how am I going to explain spending 30 bucks on somebody that I like better than you? You see? I see what you're saying. You know, I saw them. Well, you didn't need a VCR. It's like, well, you got to count me two of these. Two of whatever it was that you were getting me. I really hate hate, freaking Christmas. Christmas is for kids. For the rest of us, it's just a big pain in the ass. You know, I like, I like getting stuff, but yeah, but I'm being greedy. You turn a corner where you're, you're giving more than you're getting, but it's not about the giving. Yeah. Yeah. Right here. Uh, what you get is usually crap and you're just spending a lot of money giving to other people. Now, my family since they're so many of us, we do the, uh, interchange thing, draw names out of the hat and stuff. Mm-hmm. But we're, we're all getting cheese ball about that. Everybody's asking for gifts certificates. I felt kind of bad. Like, I'm going to ask for a gift certificate because you know what? I don't even know what I want. Just give me this gift certificate. So I can go to a store pick out and pick something up because I don't even know what I want. All right. Some, another t-shirt with something offensive on the front. That'll offend the Christians. I don't know. Just give me a gift certificate. And everybody else, you know, they're asking for gifts certificates too. Hell. If everybody's asking for gifts certificates, do you see where I'm going? No. Why don't we just give each other cards with 30 bucks in it? Everybody just, here's your 30. Here's yours. You know, we can just, just, yeah, right? I mean, right on. Or just give him a card, you know, hey, tag. You're it. You're, you know, I don't know. Do you know this is somebody else? I don't know. All right. Enough monologuing for us when we come back. I expect to have some phone calls on here. If we let something off of the Jesus poll, if there's some Jesus theory that we don't know about, please call up an enlightenist. And if the history guy is out there, hey, he could call us back. Everybody, he could be our designated fact checker. How do you like that? Tell us about the real thing. We get something wrong because he was the show as a team effort. When we get something wrong because we're humans, we get to be wrong all the time. Call up and correct us so that we are only wrong for a few minutes. The faster you correct us, the more accurate the show becomes. 16 till 11 on 560 QAM. Tell us, is the I&I's niece company presents a veto cross the Christmas. Yes, it's read across me. See you in the same one, Christmas too. Read and cross me. Not quite as retarded as the one who gave me. But hey, here are the ones who want. hey ke ke ke ke be hot komb inn Aaa Don't miss a really troublesque girl. Pull me on and I obey and they're not in the museum. This is the beginning of the world. This is the beginning of the world. This is the beginning of the world. This is the beginning of the world. The world that has fallen. The world that has fallen. The world that has fallen. The world that has fallen. The world that has fallen. The world that's fallen. 9-11-560 QA and what? But still I don't know when that's gonna end. It's like, oh no, you just have to look at the little countdown timer over here. I have cheating abilities. I have the timer over here. I don't know if you've ever given this much thought. You know, and you find yourself on a can for an extended period, the weirdest thoughts coming to your head. Who was it that decided what kind of dancing should be performed topless? We've all seen a lot of topless dancing. Yeah, right? You go to the strip club. Right? And it's not all the same, but it's pretty similar. The slow grind and the pull is going to be sexy. So that's gonna be something that they really have a discussion at some point. But a white kind of dancing should be performed there. Yeah, like maybe they tried like a first kind. Like they tried to do it like ballet or did they try to do um, you know? They have about topless ballet. They, okay. I'm sure. But I mean, you know that there's a form of dancing that seems to be, that's the chosen method to dance topless or naked for that matter, right? Right. And I'm just, yeah, I've seen some variations, but they just never caught on. There's just that kind of dancing. So it got me thinking about it. What kind of dancing would look best if you were topless? Like the chick was topless. I'm just sitting there on the can when they just go through all the kind of dancing that I could think of. I came up with one. I just didn't know if you ever really thought about it. Because I really think about little else, except toplessness when then getting naked. And what kinds of activities they could do while they're naked that would kind of get things going. Well, I mean, I mean, just not things jumping rope and right, you're thinking, yeah, right? I'm thinking, okay. I got me thinking back to North Carolina since it came up yesterday. Ever see clogged dancing? Logged dancing. Cloud dancing is a kind of Irish tap dancing. I mean, I could put a two and two together. It's like huffin. It's a lot of real foot stompin' huffin' kind of tap dancing action. They were a kind of a tap shoes kind of thing. I had a girlfriend. I say girlfriend, but we were pre-teens. You know how that goes. Yeah. This is my girlfriend. The only thing that we did was kiss. My first French kiss there. She taught me how. This is, don't even. There you go. Very awkward. I mean, I had no idea. It was a lot of fun, but boy, I had no. I was doing everything wrong. I know, how do you do that wrong, trust me? Well, the first time. Yeah. I was brutal, so I appreciate it. Thank you, Kim. And that Kim Boakamper either. Better be fo- So, better be fo- can stand on the stool. You know, French kiss Kim Boakamper. Well, I would have to. I mean, he's a tall guy. I would have to bat taste him. I would need a step ladder. Well, I'd like to think that he's a, you know, he's got good oral hygiene and his teeth are brushed all the time. But she was in a clog dancing this girl. And so I got to see the clog dancing. And when you go back there, depending on what you do and where you go, you can encounter clog dancing performances. And I was thinking about it because it's a lot of hopping and jumping and stomping. And they're not topless, but already you can tell. There's a lot of movement going on. And so you're thinking, hey, if that girl is going to be a good girl, you're a good boy. Who was topless, we'd really have a show here. We'll tap the dance a little bit of that dance. And we'll just a little bit of that dance. And we'll appear here in the hop. But the regular tap dancing that you think of is kind of smooth. You see the people that kind of smooth float across the floor. Yeah. The clog dancing is like a real hoof stomping. They're stomping man. They're poundin' on the floor. But they're heels and everything. So everything gets going. Now, if there's another kind of dancing that we're not thinking of, we'll be happy to hear it. fantasy variety show that we're putting together for cable you know that's gonna be a like a variation of those Spanish variety shows that we like so much but like we're gonna start where they leave on you follow yeah I mean they got the right idea but they're just not quite there five six seven oh five sixties the number and date and broader pound five sixties free if you have singular or Verizon wireless eight seven seven seven seven seven eight five six three four five is toll free everywhere else please go vote on the poll click around some stories we've got all kinds of stories on there mostly about this spying business that's going on people on both sides are very outraged and the president besides saying shut up I'm not a dictator still has no way to defend legally that is what's going on he thinks that because he's commander in chief and we're at war therefore he gets to do whatever the hell he wants to do and the only thing that's bad that's going on is people talking about the thing that he's doing three hundred twenty six votes on the poll right now what do you believe about Jesus since his birthday is coming up his supposed birthday is coming up he existed but was not divine a hundred and four don't care fifty eight don't know fifty four what the Bible says forty five I hate this poll thirty five he did not exist sixteen and he was several different people ruled into one fourteen people say that the phones even working this is the debt is that it's ever been what do you mean it's like a full full board are you kidding I got no dots I've been getting a little long I haven't seen a die can you watch this right may well I got nothing oh I got nothing well we're thinking it's time for the break we got to reset everything we can hey Timmy I don't want to get you all into a rage we've got computer issues in here I don't know about you but he scares me maybe I should close in lock this door before I start like this I scare me very is it's a very calm guy who's a very calm guy but you never know when somebody like that is going to rage out four till eleven on five sixty QAN zero Not What is this? Maybe a little way to go with it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm going to get the conspiracy. That's right. I can do it. I can make back to the pizza pie. I can do it. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. You know, I should have played that long ass waitress this song. You're aware the waitresses, right? That song I know at Boy's Life. I didn't know they got a Christmas song. It was on the Comedy Service website. It was a listening feverishly trying to find some funny things to play. By the way, one out of ten, they're about maybe one out of seven. That's the ratio to you ask a lawyer, a company lawyer, a question, hey can we say this? Can we say that? They say a combination of things like yes to this, no to that. You follow? Yeah. This person is just no. No. Can we say 18% complete? So I should just play that long waitress this song because I can't take any calls. And I guess I could mind a lot more, but I think an hour is enough. I'd say so. Yeah. I'm tired of getting anything. I'm tired of talking. I want somebody to have the Christian historian. Checker is probably just ringing the phone off the hook, screeching, screeching into the phone. I know we've got five cranks on there that need their fix that have gone a complete hour into the show. They haven't heard themselves on the area yet. Not that they will. Except for Ron. Nothing we can do about him. The good news about Ron is that he's fat, you know if that means right? What's that mean? I mean, I need a minute now. He's probably not doing other healthy things either. Speaking of that, I eat like four bagels. Dude. The coach's bagels? Or yeah. To Hank, I didn't listen to that interview because I was in here listening to unfunny bits. One moment please. So did you hear that? He had talked to the coach. I was in here as well. Did the coach say, you know all these other coaches that had since I left really sucked. Did he say that? I don't know. Well, you get a report on that. You think he's ever thought that? Oh, he's got it. He's definitely thought it. Come on. Come on. Are you in his head? I don't have to be. Nobody else has had success. I know. So you know he's thinking there. Yeah. These other pikers. No, that's not so. I know. I was like, I was successful here. But he also think it's something like the end. I know I had some rough years there towards the end. But come on. Nothing or what the hell's going on now. Yeah. Oh, look. Coming back. Coming back. I've got some. Coming. Let me test this. Do you weigh him alone? Getting a box. I'll have to charge him. Hey. That's the way to start. Yeah. That's the way to start it. Thank you. Thank you, God. Do you weigh him alone? I don't know. Hello, George. Hello, Connor. Hey, are you just fine? I think you're your view on religion or a little skewed. As a Christian, I'm taking great offense and I'm bridge to some of you. You said, okay. As we all know, the one true gospel, the King James version. That's a Jewish or you read it. I have read it more than you. No, no, no. Yes, yes. I do think so. I think not. I think so. Because the thing is saying is this someone don't make sense. Well, the King James version doesn't make sense. What? Yes. Yes. You know, you're even in your prank call. You're fake call. Get out of here. No, you get out of here. And thank you for sharing your Christian love. What happened with a... Now what? What if I can punch him up, but I can hang up on him? I hit that thing. Like three times. Oh, did you? Wait, because I'm a little bit in between. Well, let's try. Let's take a... Wait, I got a toggle. A toggle. No. I have to toggle. Oh, I have to toggle the window. It's kind of like a toggle. But a toggle. But... No, we're near what a... Dungal is. Ever... Ever see a Dungal? Nope. I'll explain one to you during the next break. QA and hello. I like to speak a joy. You are. Let's take a... You're... How old, please turn the radio. I think you've heard much how are you. I'm so good. I have to tell you. I totally... I... I'm so good. I have to tell you. I wish you would add more time to Walgreens this morning. Because I would totally enjoy that. And the other thing is, is a couple weeks ago, or woman called in and said, oh, I love George's voice. I'd like to hear it with her. I think it's sexy. And I thought I was at the same time. I had a sexual female in her 40s, and I listened to her. All right. So the picture. Talk to you later. Bye, George. Bye-bye. I told you my Burger King story. It doesn't matter. It's not a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. I told you my Burger King story. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Even though that's a very short list. Chicks that like my voice. Very short list, but it doesn't matter. Remember the Burger King story? Yeah. I was doing the other content. And in those days, we didn't have the headset. We had the microphone. So you could play, play DJ. You could get right into the microphone there and get all on. Corrali. Go with the microphone. So I got right. I'd take it. Welcome to Burger King, man. Take your order. And sometimes it'd be like a carload of girls. And you two of them giggling and sitting. Yeah, welcome to cheese. I mean, I just set a fries. And they drive around to pick up their order and they'd be all giggling. Who's the guy that took their order? And I'd say, I know, it would be me there. I'd stand in there and I'd say, oh, that was me. And they'd say, oh. So it doesn't matter. They didn't want to talk about it. It's like, I can, you know. They can't have sex with my voice. What's they see where it's coming from? It's like, oh, I don't know. I don't know. They can't have sex with my voice. What's they see where it's coming from? It's like, oh, oh. I thought, oh, yeah. Hmm. All right. QA, hello. QA, hello. QA, hello. And there and I say, oh, I think. Oh, yeah. Oh, what? You're going to George. How you doing? Very fellow Rick Arraying Christian here. And you'd never find a demon you're a kid where you sat in a room. And one person told you other person the secret went around the room. Tell the phone. I'm like, that's the other end. It was a completely different. But the first Bible was written in 400 AD. So I was going to ask one, all I'm going to do is tell any stories to one. I'm going to not. They had some scriptures over there. But even the very first writing was 40 years after Jesus died. Right. So it was a word amount up to that point. And my, do this is word amount passed along by people who had a agenda. They had a church, a philosophy, a religion that they were pushing that they're trying to get off the ground. So they had an ulterior motive for spruce enough the story a little bit. I think they're in the George Washington and like the Romans did with their various Caesar's, they would deify them and make up stories about them. There. Yeah. I just don't seem to realize that Thomas knows what's just put together to feed the people. Right. Thank you. But by the way, I was having a discussion with Billy because I think Billy's a little bit of a little bit of a jesusite recovering. It's very hard to break through the programming. Is that right? Yeah. He's got some issues. He's got a together. He's conflicted. And I feel his pain. I've been there. I've been conflicted. It's really difficult to have to admit to yourself that maybe you've been wrong. Your entire life, maybe about pretty much everything. Not just everything, but all of the important things. You know, like your definition of reality is wrong. See, I'm surprised because you were a hardcore hardcore. Hard core. So, like the guys have turned on them. You're turned on them. No, I didn't turn on them. I turned back into a human. All right. They turned on humanity. Right. Okay. That's the way. And it's funny to think, you know, because hardcore Christians like they don't, they don't hear anything else. You don't, that's it. And you, you were that. And then you learn. And that's why they feed you. You see things. They, they really, very careful to keep you from thinking. And they tell you things like questions come from Satan. They tell you things like that. And, and you're doubting doubts come from Satan and you're back sliding. And you have to have faith. Questions are evidence that you don't have faith. If you have a question, then you're not having faith. A person of faith does not have questions. You just accept. Well, the acceptance and the faith that you have is in the story-teller. Not the subject of the story. Because we want to do that. If I told you a story about you, who do you? And you said, I don't know. But I don't, you know, BS. I don't believe that you're a story about you, Hudie. And I came back with, well, you have to have faith in your community. How can you doubt you, Hudie? And you say, of course, obviously, I'm not doubting you, Hudie. I'm doubting you. You lying, sack. I'm accusing you of making these stories up. All right. There's nothing to do with the subject of your story. It has to do with you or a bald face liar. Just like that. All right. So the Bible has nothing to do with God. The Bible is one of many books that was written by people who were using God to promote their agenda. And it's a theory. A series of them, actually, some of them that conflict with each other. It's this group of people believe this about God and they wrote it down eventually. And here it is. This is what we think God is, this is what we think his name is, this is what we think is agenda is. How he created us and how we get into heaven. That's just one point of view out of thousands that we've had in the world since we started trying to explain how we got here and where we're going after we die. Thousands of theories about that. All right. Which one is right? I don't know. I'm still waiting. All right. Maybe that's what it's all about. Maybe that's what God's waiting for is this for someone to actually figure it out. Maybe the person when they really do figure it out. Maybe they'll turn the gold and be able to fly. You know what I mean? But I still stand in my original claim. Anyone who can demonstrate any one of the powers that you believe in, I will give everything that I have to charity to the poor, leave it to my wife and I'll become a follower, a minister in your religion. I will give up my worldly possessions and follow you. All you have to do is any of the things that your bookahokeem says you can do if you have faith. Jesus said you could walk on water if you have faith. If you can't, it's because you don't. All right. Well, give me one. There's the beach. Yeah. Meet you at the beach. All right. And if you can, you know, I'll wait out into the surf. If you can walk to me or something, I'm a follower. If I pop up with you at then, I guess, you know, sure. Here's some wetwood set fire to it. Call fire down like Elijah the prophet. Any of it. Call man and down from heaven. Strike that rock with your staff and have the water gust for any of the things that you claim really happened and that you claim can happen if you have faith. Some diseases, right? Now we have, I have told you my favorite still the Lougey that made the blind man see. Wasn't that it? Just spit. Oh, I think that there might have been a word. We have to read up on that. Yeah. Well, that's the kind of far. I'm sure there was, you know, he's spitting. And before I take this break and I know all the lines were ringing. The homeless voice people are out in full force. And so I would like everyone to use Jesus. There are two examples in the Bible. And if you want me to quote chapter and verse, I'll look them up. But I'm just doing this from memory over here. And I don't want the Bible historian to call me up and say, I got to read up. There's two examples. Number one, Jesus cursed the fig tree because it wasn't using his gift. Do you remember that story? Jesus in the disciples were walking around and they encounter a fig tree. And the fig tree was not bearing any fruit. And Jesus cursed it and said, God gave you life and soil and the ability. Whatever. I'm making this up. All right. Because I don't have the actual scripture here. If I had planned ahead, I would have had it. But I'm just doing this on top of my head here. He cursed the tree where upon it, it whithered up and died. Because it wasn't bearing any fruit. In other words, God gave you the gift. All of the gifts that you need to bear fruit and you're not bearing fruit. So you whither up and die. There's example number one. Example number two after Jesus death through the apostles. I forget which ones encounter a beggar in front of the city. And they say to him, and I know this because it was a song that we used to sing in church. They say to him, silver and gold have I not. But such as I have give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk. Because he was lame. So in other words, you're not getting any money from me, but you're going to get a blessing. All right. So this Christmas season when the homeless voice is shaken, they're bucket at your window. Roll your window down and say, silver and gold have I not. But such as I have give I thee. And the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and get a freaking job. 1114 on 560 QAN. For years I've been telling you about dry concepts. The best carpet for any company around you. Do you know that not only can they do a fantastic job on your carpeting, which I've done in my home for over 20 years. Now they are absolutely the best. But dry concepts can also save you hundreds. Maybe thousands of dollars by doing other sensational cleaning things for you. Dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning. A post-reliber for their terrestrial restoration. Mattress cleaning or at a rug cleaning peddle treatment. Some water damage too. Rock concepts can also clean and restore your talent grout quickly and efficiently. Rock concepts for facial staff is always coming up in the most advanced cleaning systems to do the best job for you. And during this month during the month of October, be sure to take advantage of dry concepts, some are sizzling number two package and water damage special. How do you recommend it by first draft for it by the way. Dry concepts from carpet cleaning to talent grout cleaning be only place you abroad to think about calling. No rip off, no scams, no BS or written guaranteed price every time you put it start to work. And then an unparalleled spectacular job every time. And they've routed in the palm beaches called dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 on the wickedwebidsdryconcepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5162A. And now, the show, let's see the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas win. Excuse me, Mr. President, but I... Why are you wearing headphones, sir? Oh, hey Nick, I'm modern-turned some illegal wire taps. Mr. President, don't we have people to do that? Yeah, but I have the really important call, sit right here to the overlaps. Oh, oh, hang on. Something big is coming over. Oh, what is it, sir? Word of a terrorist attack? No. Brittany is kicking out the house again. Any gift shit up a date with Wednesday lowin'. Oh, that no. Come back next up for a fair and valid. Come casually conservative view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas win. 119-560-WQA. And how are David and two o'clock today? Goldie at four Curtis at seven, Eddie K. At 10 o'clock, nice clean schedule. What's going on? Just college stuff going on right now? What do you mean? Are we in that in between season? We got no games going on. I'm sorry. Oh, well football, you got to wait for it. I mean, there's, there's, you know, the tiny bowl games. It's so weird to read the series. There's no, nothing on in the evening. I mean, even though we're down to, you know, a measly two team. There's a hurricane's basketball game. That's pretty hard to get. Now on Thursday. Try to know, wait. Okay, no tomorrow tomorrow, right? And then again on Thursday for what it's worth. Just try to tell you, you know, keep the old sports thing alive. I feel very neglectful. Maybe we should do updates. Okay. During the show, actually suggested that, you know, ingest to Neil and he didn't think it was funny at all. I think you were funny if you did an update. That, that would be yeah, that would be hysterical. You, I would so have to rehearse. It would be, it would be like reading in a foreign language. What do you got the sound of there, is I'm, or? Why need something to read first? Maybe, you know what later on when Todd shows up. He could write out the update for me. And then we'll lead into the Howard David show with me doing the update. How would that be? Fun. I wouldn't know how to start taking it. Uh, good morning, South Florida. I love the 20. I'm Georgia Rodriguez. Yeah. That's it. So I got some people play some games. I've done the deal with you, but some of you think so. So one team won the other team lost. It's because one team played better than the other team. Now to say that over the course of the next six hours. He, he's everybody else. I'm sorry. But, but there you go. That's it. Let me take this poll before I dig myself in any, any deeper. Four hundred and two votes. What do you believe about Jesus this holiday season? He existed, but was not divine. One twenty six. Don't care. 73 don't know. 70. What the Bible says. 56. I hate this poll. 43. He did not exist at all. 20. And he was an amalgam of several different people. 14. Now we only have three calls on the on the phone right now. You know what that means? I mean, it's all those pissed off people need to call back. Yes. And also that these are all just just cronics. Q. Hello. Q. Hello. Q. Hello. 62. Be of almost. Q. Q. Q. There you go. Q. Q. Nobody. Nobody rings the phone during the break. Q. Here's like a little thing that you can write down in your little producer rulebook. Q. We're getting ready to know it. Q. The people with a life don't have the time to let the phone ring for like ten minutes at a time. Q. Right? Q. Here's something they want to respond. They ring the phone. It rings however, you know, maybe five times. They say, screw this and they hang up and they go on with their very busy active lives. People at home in their underwear like Ron and all these other rejects. They got nothing better to do, but the sit there all day and ring your free iPhone all day long. This is the highlight of their life. What they do the rest of the day. I don't know. I do know. Because just like Gilbert, they rotate from show to show. I heard Gilbert call Larry King one night. This was years ago when I was still bored. I think the old house every show they're in. Yeah. Show with another country. Now I will say this for you. I hate you when I wish you nothing but a horrible painful death this holiday season. It was kind of a funny call to Larry. Really? You'd think that Larry since he's been doing this a long time. Like he likes to say, would know what a crank call is and what it sounds like. But now, Gilbert totally, you know, put one over on him. Q. I am a love. George. Hello. Hey. Hey. Yeah. You do. Q. I am a love. Oh yeah. Hey. What happened to the church of booty? The church of booty. The church of booty. The church of mass. Nothing. I'm still a worshiper. So, I mean, how can I become a bishop, man? Well, first I got to get a whole lot of money together to build it. All right. I mean, you can start practicing right away. Well, you need a whole lot of money on your knees. The room in the house. Well, just drive by overtime. You see, you're all up and down the street. Yeah. The houses just go through the streets. Yeah. Yeah. The houses just turn up this church of that. Yeah. You're right. The church of the immaculate missionary shrine in Christ. Yeah. So you don't even need a building. I'll write. You can get one of them as a strip shopping center churches. Hey, man. Just get a tent. There you go. Being a vandalist. A billion. One of those world war two surplus tents that you get for like $25. Well, have a revival. Yeah. And we can pass out those little fans. Of course. What's your picture on it? That's pastor. All right. All right. Come on, man. I want to be Bishop of the church of us. I'll start working on it. All right, man. Take it easy. We can do that. So many church options. You know, church of Bacca's church of Astrochophansy. You know, oh, church of Fondu-y. Hey. Hey. It's funny about that. It was because happy days really did suck. Yeah. I didn't really get that. No. I, I, I tell myself as I do in a lot of things that were before my time that it was in its day and it's day. You know, still in its day if you were a very small child, then it was amusing for the first season. I mean, I guess the file was a ladies man. As I hear. Yeah. So, you know, he, right. I guess that they kind of changed his character very, very early in the series. He was actually a scary hood kind of a character who was kind of mysterious. But then they softened him up like my dad, like made him a real was. But in like, like the first episode, the ever saw Fondu, and there's something he was like this real shady kind of a rough kind of a character with a violent reputation. Q, I'm alone. Hey, George. How are you? Good man. Why are you a program on the Jesus thing? The second described it as this way. Am I opinion the Bible was nothing more than a big comic book of its era. And Jesus was a superhero that takes superhero fat. Okay. Well, that's covered. He did not exist. Exactly. Okay. Thank you. No problem. By the way, I will throw in that. I agree with that. Yeah. I mean, I think it's the early fairy tale that I sure everybody, a lot of people believed in sure. Now, I watch all of those shows and get this. Now, if there's something out there, I mean, like a real evidence, like a real, Roman historical record talks about Jesus by name or something like that. If it's out there and I just don't know about it. Great. Where is it? Let me look it up for something. And I watched all these shows on the history channel and discovery channel in search of Jesus and all this stuff. And even in the early days when I was conflicted, remember I told you how it was conflicted. Because I, because he here would happen first. I, these people, the people that were telling you the stories, I lost faith in them. You understand? That's how it started. But I didn't lose faith in Jesus. So I decided that these people really weren't close to Jesus, that they were using Jesus to control me and us because I was reading stuff in the Bible. I would ask them questions about it. They would get all hostile for us. Right. I was reading things that didn't die with what they were preaching from the pulpit. That's how it started with me, like you said, because they say questions are from the devil. Right. I would be the one asking, and I was, let me tell you this. I was asked and see her as any Mofo can be about anything. All right. And I was one of these like very zealous new converts. I wasn't, it didn't grow up in the fundamentalist church and everything. But when I would ask them something like, hey, hey, Pastor Jacobson, you said this on Sunday, but when I'm reading this in the Bible, it says this over here. And all I wanted, really, all I wanted was a clarification so that I could worship Jesus right. Because I was really worried about worshiping Jesus wrong. All right. It's a big concern. A teenager. I should have had other concerns. But this was my big thing then, is like, I don't want to do it wrong, Pastor. So please explain this to me. Why did you say this when the Bible says that? And he would get hostile. And I'm like, oh, I wasn't mean and to piss you off here, Pastor. I just, you know, my little, you sold me on the Bible. So I got one here and I'm reading it like he told me to do. So I would like, it's hostile. Not just hostile. And then he would go tell my sister, my brother, you know, you've got to watch George. You got to be careful and concerned about him. Yeah. Oh, that's my favorite concern about what? You know, the name of the name of the name would come and talk to me. It's like, what did you say to Pastor? I asked him a question about, you know, consequently my sister and brother and log left that church. So the assembly, God, we're talking about the church that Jimmy Swagger belonged to before he left it because they wanted to censor him because of his whole prostitute business. And so we want you to go on a little bit of a probationary period and everything. And said, screw you, I got money to make. So I'm just not going to be a part of your church anymore. I'm just going to keep breaking into money and what you did. All right. So I started to do some independent study. I decided, you know what? This church and these people, I don't know if they're in step with Jesus. But I'm still sold on Jesus and the Bible. I'm going to do some independent study. Check out some other churches and everything like that. And that's where it started. And then I wanted to do some independent research by getting some books. So that I could find out about some Jesus, the Jesus that exists outside of the Bible. And that's where I ran into some, I'm scratching, but nothing's coming up. You know what I mean? I know exactly which one. All right. Where's all this, the historical documentation about Jesus? And I wanted to find it. And then you know, you watch Discovery Channel and search of this in history of the Jesus and all that stuff. And hey, hmm. Rumors of this guy who live in this time that might have been Jesus. And then there's this story about this guy over here that lived over here that was part of this movement. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, They believed in this and it's rumored that he was the leader of this particular, uh, sex in the apostles were the people that followed him around. So that's a theory. They have a lot of theories, but they don't have anything concrete like Greek mythology to me. Exactly. Exactly. You know, and if you say, oh, no, there's historical that they talk about things in the Bible that really existed well again, and Greek mythology and in the early, they talk about Troy and where it was and low and behold, there was. That means Apollo really is driving a flaming chariot across the sky Apollo is flaming. Did you know? Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, he was Greek. 1130 on five, 60, all Greek radio. WQAM. Is that it? All right. Oh, by the way, it's axe chapter three if you want to read that, uh, you know, how to treat the homeless voice on the holidays example. I see people giving the money almost every day. Don't you? Oh, yeah. The corner there. Don't feed the bears. If you don't give the money, they'll go away. You see, they'll go somewhere where someone is giving the money or hopefully. If God wills it, they'll go get a job. You see what their shirts say these days? No. Homeless, but working. Here's see, they're not there to me. You know what? I mean, they're there. But I don't see them. You know what? Then you're lucky. Because they make it a point to be seen. I'm not going to get my window. I try not to. Man, I just crank the tunes up. You know, I just really turn up the volume on Jesus Christ superstar. Whatever. I might be listening to it in the card at that time. I'm not going to have a revival with that just yet, but I do love that music. So I looked it up because I know that this is the way that you know, you don't just throw stuff out of the Bible. A lot of people quote the Bible and they throw quotes out there that aren't in the Bible. I don't know what Gels probably going nuts. I don't know. I don't know the religious Jolly. I'm just going to get this out of the way today, but since it's Christmas, right? It's Jesus' birthday. And they started it just like they usually do. The Christians with their phony controversy about the heathen, the secular people, the AC, all you. They're trying to take Christ out of Christmas. You know, no one is. Absolutely no one is. It's another crock and another smoke screen. Another let's divert attention from the fact that soldiers are dying and they're made up or in a rack in the present and it's spying on American citizens and violation of US law. But never mind that the secular people and Jews, them too. They're trying to take Christ out of Christmas. By the way, good news. Really? Judd rules against intelligent design and PA. Remember that was going on in that court? Remind trial? The intelligent design business, the school board passed it. The people sued. They took it to court. The intelligent people won. Not the intelligent design people. You follow? Harrisburg PA Federal Judd rule Tuesday that the intelligent design explanation. For the origin of life cannot be taught in biology classes in a pencil of any public school district. The dober area school board violated the constitution when they ordered that its biology curriculum must include intelligent design. The notion that life on earth was produced by an unidentified, intelligent cause, US district judge, John E. Jones, the third ruled. The school board policy adopted in October 2004 was the lead to have been the first of its kind in the nation. Eight families then sued to have intelligent design removed. The citizens of the dober area were poorly served by the members of the board who voted for the ID policy, you understand ID and television design? Yeah, policy? Jones wrote. It's ironic that several of those individuals who so staunchly and proudly touted their religious convictions in public, would time and again lie to cover their tracks and disguise the real purpose behind the ID policy. The judge said. The board attorney said that members sought to improve science education by exposing to students to alternatives to Darwin's theory of natural selection causing gradual changes over time. Intelligent design proponents argue that it cannot fully explain the existence of complex life forms. The plaintiffs argue that intelligent design amounted to a secular repackaging of creationism, which the courts have already ruled cannot be taught in public schools and then the facts gets messed up. It goes on from there, but let's just say. One for normal people, people who live in reality, the reality base people as opposed to the faith base people. Because after all, and here's why, and I know I've explained it before, but let me explain it again. When your material is weak and thin, and when the product that you're trying to push can't carry weight on its own merits, then you have to resort to other methods, like force feeding, presenting it to audiences that really don't want to be presented with it, or to the children of people who don't want their children to be presented with it. You certainly have every opportunity to brainwash your own children in your own home, and when they bring that biology bow comb, you can say, that's a pack of lies, and don't stop at creation when you deny science, deny all of it, why don't you? Deny physics, because after all, the Bible explains the rainbow, so the scientific explanation of the rainbow, that has to be false. Right? Right? The rainbow was put in the sky at my God, as a promise that he would not flood the world again. Isn't that what the Bible says? Did you like me to look it up for me? No, you don't have to wait. Act, you want to start at the beginning when you read the story of Peter and Paul, not giving the beggar money, but blessing the beggar instead? Acts chapter 3, you should start at the beginning. Peter and John, I said Peter and Paul, I'm sorry. I'm just used to do with that. They hung out so much, but it's Peter and John, we're walking out of the city. And it said, in verse 6, when Peter says, silver and gold have I none. I don't want to miss quote, because this is King James King James, not new revised standard King James, but the King James version that the guy called up and said, you know, is the word of God and everything. The guy that claims that he's read it more than me. Right? Maybe one day he will call back and they'll ask him what he's going to tell God when he's standing in front of God. And God says, so you believe that part about be ordering the death of children and human sacrifices. And, you know, when I ordered my followers to stab women in the womb to make, you know, who are with child, make sure that, you know, the child inside the womb got killed too. You believe that stuff, you believe that a perfect being would order the death and the slaughter of women and children because they happen to be, you know, worshippers of another religion. You believe that part. What are you going to say to God when he asks you that? But anyway, chapter, chapter three verse six, silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, give I be. You understand that sentence right there? I don't have any gold, but I'm going to give you what I have. I have the blessings of Jesus. So I'm going to pass that along to you. May Jesus bless you. There you go. Oh, that's all you. All right. So long as you got the blessing. So this holiday season, this Christmas season, when the homeless voice asks you for some of your silver and or gold. Follow the example of Jesus as apostles. Don't give them. Coin. Give them something much more valuable. Give them the blessings of Jesus, which you have the ability to do. That's the, that's the message of that story as it was preached to me from the pulpit. Because Jesus has laid his blessings upon you, you have the ability to pass it along. So pass them some of that, something much more valuable than silver or gold. Q. Way of hello. Q. Way of hello. Good bye. You know what they remind me. They showed a relatively recently when I saw this one of those outtake shows. I'm family guy. No, it was just one of these, I don't know exactly what it was. If somebody remembers seeing this show, please tell me what it was. Nothing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If somebody remembers seeing this show, please tell me what it was. Nothing. It really matters. It was one of these, you know, bloopers and things like that, but they were showing bloopers and outtakes from like years before they showed one from happy days. And I don't know if you remember that Fanzi kind of lived with the cunning hands upstairs above the garage for a while. See, I know the show that I don't. Well, anyway, he did. He lived with the cunning hands, but he actually rented the room above their garage. All right. And one of the outtakes they showed Mrs. Cunningham Richie's mom coming out of the room adjusting her clothes and printing her hair back up with the scissor. And then she blew Fanzi a little kiss that she got to the bottom of the stairs. He wasn't there. It was just her coming out that way. You know, fixing your clothes and adjusting her hair. They were very hysterical. Not the kind of joke that you'd see on the show. Q1, hello. Hello. Hello. I'm so late for the break, but go ahead. Or in. Yeah. I'm a grandfather and you answer. We being grassy ass. K. K. Wollock. Weldau. Say they. Grassy ass. That's a really good thing. Okay. I. I let them really just people live there really just lies. Oh, I didn't. Happy to do so. It's them that are messing with us. Exactly. I'm pretty sure that Jesus walked the earth. I just don't think he was a son of God. He may just been a good guy and profit. I like to believe that. That's the kind of theory that I work around just like a Gandhi and other good people that He's exactly. Exactly. And if you believe and if you believe in your. I mean, if you practice what. What religion says pretty much without, you know, leaving the killing. It's not a lot. If Christian's followed. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. What? The ram is on my throat. You've got to know. I don't know. I don't know. If you think of your house, we need. How alone man. No, they can't do it. Treat. Oh, sorry. Because that's the Jesus didn't tell anybody to ran anything down anybody's throat, but see the pastors and the preachers. They're, they're, they're running a business and they need seats in those pues. Exactly. I need asking. But in those pues. They're not a part of those things. So I can't go overseas, but you know what I'm talking about. I don't know. It's a part of one's that tell their followers to. To go out and get more followers and do anything that you have to do to bring them. They're the ones that tell the people, hey, they're blood. Your coworkers blood is on your hands. When you get to have them, God's gonna ask you what that blood is on your hand. You're gonna have to explain it. You're a coworker that you had a chance to bring the Jesus, but you didn't. We need that flow. Yeah. Thank you. But I have to connect with you. If he came back or Chris, this book would Jesus do, says, Robert Simon, Paul will do, if he came back or Chris, this book would Jesus do, nothing Bible barriers and sin done, why will he do, no, if he came back or Chris, this book would Jesus do, why if there will choose that that Bible barriers and sin bring sin towards him, no, if he came back or Chris, this book would Jesus do, says, the five of us, we, by a pair of shoes, that that Bible barriers and sin, say, we brown back to hell, if he came back or Chris, this is what we're Jesus do, go through the shadows, Jesus, so the five of us, we, by a pair of shoes, that Bible barriers and sin, bring sin towards him, Paul will do, 10, 12, and 5, 60, Q, I have here's another, like I got this, a still working on the same one sheet that I've been writing stuff down since the last time I did the show, because you just never know Josh, one day you might be in this position, you know that little note book that I gave you, I mean, that's not going to be enough to do it, where it's a start, you might find yourself having to, you know, talk out your ass for four hours or something, you're going to wish you'd written some stuff down, right, like, you know, you'll be sitting on the can or driving the car and you're like, oh, you know what, I could kill, like, a go 10 minute segment with this, you're, uh, dang, here, something I've never really thought about before, so recently, like we have talked about musicals, you know, movies that are musicals, yeah, the mostly suck and, uh, a little way, I don't know, with your exceptions, like Rocky Horror, that's an exception, the South Park movie, Rocky Horror, because more like an interactive event, you get to dress up and throw, oh, I don't think I know what that is. Throw crap, the Rocky Horror Picture Show, people throw the rice, come on now, come on now, the Saint, not like network, you know, does he make a murder, the mind warp, let's do the time warp, is it time warp or mind warp, I understand it's been so long, I could fire off some of the music here, people dress like the characters, like every Halloween, yeah, I did want to see even, okay, back then, yeah, it's a little gay, what are you gonna do? Hey, just once in your life, man, got to let the girls dress up, I guess you don't have to, no, but they'll, they'll hold you down eventually, Rocky Horror Picture Show, riff, franconferter, okay, we have the DVD, I'll show you, but it's not about the movie, it's about what you do at the movie. This is bizarre, I mean, it's like one of these pop culture things, but it's a musical, alright, but it's a comedy, and it's a spoof, but musical suck, like Mulan Roo, I agree, they're not my bad, all these things, not, pretty much not anybody's bag, I don't know who, I don't know, somebody seen him, somebody seen him and they used to make him all the time, but they got me thinking about something else, too, but sucks, think about this, band movies, with the exception of like spinal tap, which is a spoof of a band movie, movies about bands, number satisfaction with just the in-baitman, this movie with Gina Gershon in it, remember Eddie and the cruisers, I do, alright, if you just start thinking about it, just when you're bored, just something to do when you're on the tour, think about movies about bands, if someone can think of a movie about a band fake band, not a documentary, right, but a movie about the adventures of a band, trying to get it going, right, has there been one that didn't just blow, and why do they, why do they make another one after the first one? That's what I want to know. I mean, we talk about movies a lot, I don't think we ever, we're really good into that, is there a movie about a band, that just didn't reak, think about it. Okay, I got one, but I can't remember the name, alright, describe it, somebody will know. It's on comedy central, it has Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler, they're in a band, they try to get it going, they hijack a radio station, and okay, they have, I know what you're talking, you know what I'm talking, I know what you're talking about, that was kind of, it's good, but my, it was a comedy though, right? Yeah, it was a comedy, okay, maybe that's why. You hijack a radio station, you guys like it, they're tape played, I see, and it's just, that's why it's in, okay, because it's a comedy, alright, I can see that works, well, I mean, band trying to get it going, that's why I remember, alright, that counts, but no, you got a point, because I'm sure there are more than I can just think of, right out the top of my head, any of the crews has come to my end, the sequel for that matter, QA, George, yeah. I got one that didn't, that didn't totally suck, that didn't, that didn't, that didn't, but was that about the band, or was that about, yeah, it was about the sex, so it was about, yeah, I know, I mean, I know what you mean, it was there, that was the backdrop, but it was more about the people, those people, and that's true, it's all the story of their lives. And again, I said, like, not a documentary, I don't even, you know what I'm talking about, like some like any of the crews where they come up with a band, because I'm saying that because they try to do that, that's what killed Garth Brooks is, you know, he then we're going to make a movie about this, not just a band, but fake artists for that matter. Right. I got a famous request. Could you play Walking Around a Women's underwear? And Merry Christmas, by the way. Merry Christmas. I will remind me, by the way, that movie was called Airhead's Airheads. All right. Saw a piece of it. Should I finish seeing it? Remember my Adam, I've heard you. I haven't, my Adam's saying, look at this. That might have been his real early. I mean, he's not. Okay. Really fine. It's a good, if you do, all right, and check it out. It's all right. I'll get really baked. Old school, and watch. Pretty good movie. Q and hello. Q and. Hark. Yeah. How are you? Fine. Good. I got one. I know the fall from the category of a band band movie, but like, you know, the fried chicken, dry white toast, oh, the blues brothers. I got one. No, that was phenomenal. That's. No. That was a little bit more than just a band movie. First of all, that was a comedy. And the, the, the, the band thing. That was just one of the many things that they were trying to accomplish in that thing. Of course. Of course. All right. The four to fall back. No, but this is, thank you very much. Because now it's, it's sparking now. We're getting a couple of good suggestions. Now you saw the blues brothers, right? Of course. Come on. I can't believe about the Rocky Horror thing. See, it's not. See, I can't just give you the DVD and say, here, watch this movie. We have to wait for a show to happen. They usually happen around Halloween. And then we'll go. To the Rocky Horror Picture Show. And you get to be a virgin, which means you get to go up on stage and do something. They usually have the virgin's do some stuff. It's fun stuff. Okay. I take my daughter. This is what I do. Are you ready for this? I'm ready. All right. Get ready to judge me. Get your judgments. I got it. I must have a Christian, which case you can't. So it's my daughter. And I mean, here, here's Daddy and Mommy and daughter. Taken daughter to the Rocky Horror Picture Show. She's like this and she was a little kid. They were showing it on cable and she just thought it was great. Because it is. It's funny. It's camp. It's pure camp. Breaks the camp meter. So she's a virgin. They identify her as a virgin. They take her up on stage. They draw a V on her forehead with a Sharpie. Then they give her a pie that's made out of, like, you know, just the tin that a pie goes in with a bunch of cool with in it. Okay. They separate the girl virgins from the boy virgins. They line up the girl virgins on what in one row. And then opposite them, they line up the guy virgins. They give each of the girls a pie. They got a lay on their back, put the pie on their crotch. And then the boy virgins has to stick his face in the pie and eat it. And here's Mommy and Daddy with the canned hoodo. Yeah. That's parenting in Georgia's house. Two till 12 on 5.60, QAM. David coming up at 2 o'clock. We have Goldie at 4. Curtis at 7, ed.K. Right up to that at 10 o'clock. Now when Goldie and Howard are following each other like that. Does that happen before lately? No. Are they chummy? Do they talk? We talk? Me and Howard. Is that right? Me to each other? Yeah. What about? Whatever he happens to be talking about that day. Usually not sports. It all depends on what kind of a conversation is going on. I can't remember specifically. You have a chit chat. Friendly terms. What do you think? Think you got it? So what do you got in your hand there? I got a fax here. From Jonathan. It says George, very difficult concept for most people to grasp that we humans are nothing. We are probably really unimportant life forms in the whole scheme of things with equally unimportant lives. So to compensate for this layer upon layer of hochem have been created to make us feel better about ourselves and our lives and everyone who believes in their own particular brand of hochem believes it's their right and everyone else is wrong. Amen, brother. And how many different forms of religious beliefs do we have on this planet? And how many of them are right? Hey, they're all right, aren't they? Even the ones that say the other ones aren't. They're right. When they say the other guy is wrong. It's all a joke and the joke has been played on all of us. Hitler said the bigger the lie, the more people will believe it. How many so-called religious people do we have in the world? I like to believe in two simple concepts. Be nice to people and treat people how you would like to be treated. Which is the golden rule in Jesus said it. He wasn't the first one to say it. But let's just pretend that he was for the sake of the argument because they get really wiggy when you say that Jesus might have borrowed concepts that he heard. If he did exist or maybe the people that wrote about Jesus' legend were using concepts that they heard about. But, Samurai, let's just say that he said it first. That's a good philosophy. The golden rule is a good rule. That's what I intend to teach my son says, Jonathan. Have a good one to keep up with good work. You even bastard you, Jonathan, and plantation another, he then bastard. And we're doing all this Christmas, Hokam, at our house even though everyone's a heathen. Not the wife like and she doesn't like me talking about it. But, too bad honey. It's like an atheist like me or nothing. Not that that's it. See, I'm an agnostic. I don't know. I admit that I don't know. Who knows? See, my image is God. Dude in a lab scientist like a lab coat, you know, like the scientist where? With a gestor's hat. And a groucho nose. That's my image is God. Think about it. All right? A mad scientist with a sick weird sense of humor. That's the only thing that will explain men and women. You know what I mean? Like he must be just laughing. My theory, the creation of the universe in the beginning there was God in God was bored. So he said, I'm going to create, you know, a universe on a planet. I'm going to create stuff. But the star of the show is going to be this race of people. I'm going to create them in two genders. The race will have these two genders will have to get together or the race will perish. But I'm going to make them as different as any two beings in the universe have ever been. All right? They're not going to agree on anything. But they're going to have to get together, live together and stay together or the race dies. And I'm going to program them to want to get together, live together, be together. But I'm not going to program them to get along with each other. See, I'm like you and, you know, I'm agnostic. I think anybody to claim that they know what happened is ridiculous. Right. I think everyone should be able to wait for the person to come up with the right answer though. I have my opinion theories. I have our theories and I would be agreeing with Neil and that aspect. Yeah. I don't believe in it. Well, I don't think that there is a good. Probably not. Yeah. That's my opinion. I don't claim to know that. Someone who I am agnostic. I think. But if my opinion, I believe in evolution, that's right. Well, that's who knows. Maybe that's how God did it. See, the thing about these, these Jesus, is that it has to be the way that the Bible said. See, they're all, see, they're in love with the Bible. They're not in love with God. You know, they won't accept the possibility. Maybe there is a God that the Bible is wrong. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The Bible is the Word of God and that's it. Like, there can be no God without the Bible. What if the Bible is wrong? This is one religious theory made up by one group of people that lived in one place and one point in time. All right. Why are they right? Is it a matter of popularity? So when you're standing in front of God, you're going to say, God, I followed the most popular religion on the planet. Well, it's not really, but let's just say that it was. They like to say that it is. Let's just say for that, for the sake of the argument. And God's going to say what? You think that this was a democracy? You think that access to heaven was based on following the religion that more people liked than the one that the second most popular religion? That's the criteria. What are you going to tell God? You're going to tell God that you believed in a book that promotes the sacrifice of children. I looked up the story of Jeff Daun, how he sacrificed the daughter because he promised God that he would sacrifice to him the first thing that came out of his house if he would grant him military victory because you know how the Old Testament is all about killin. Gratemies. And so Jeff Daun, that's J.E.P.H.T.H.A.H. And the book of judges, do you want to know where it is that you can read about it? I'm all set back. Because, well, I know you are. Judges chapter 11 read all about Jeff Daun and his daughter. And he said, God, if you let me, if you grant me victory in this battle, I will give to you the first thing that comes out of my house when I get home. And what do you know? His daughter came out of the house. Now, God, up in his heaven, could have made the cat come out of the house, right? Right? Yeah. Right? All powerful. Of course. And God knowing what Jeff Daun would do if he had his daughter go out first and could like, hey, pause, make it out like, let me push the magic button over here and give her the urge to go take a big dump so that she will be delayed and the cat will come out first or the goat. All right? Knowing what Jeff Daun would do if his daughter came out. God let's Jeff Daun's daughter come out. She was singing in dance and in wearing bangles and dangles and trinkets. And so he sacrificed and the following verse you were expecting and God was very angry. Right? Guess what? No. And it became a big celebration. And the women of Israel commemorate the sacrifice that Jeff Daun or made by, I don't know, it goes on. Read all about it. Don't take my word for it. So you're standing in front of God there on judgment day and God says, you know, you really believe that I would have one of my followers killed her on child. Because they opened up a stupid mouth. You really believe that that's what I'm all about. You really believe that I would tell my followers to to wipe these people out and to kill every man, woman in child and the goats to you really believe that. Well, yeah, of course, I believe that it was in your book. And God's going to say, well, who told you it was my book? Oh, uh, Heinrich, Bill Jones. He wouldn't lie. What do you mean? I don't know what I mean. I mean, it's, it's, let's say that there is a God and there is a heaven or way to get into heaven. I guarantee you this. And here's a statement, if I'm wrong, I'll give you a double your money back. If I'm wrong, my God strikes me dead now and throw me into hell. That that book will do more to keep you out of heaven than it will to get you into heaven. All right, common sense, which God gave you will get you into heaven sooner than reading that book of baby murder. And using the examples in that book. Now, Jesus is message, great stuff. Not so much the stuff about divorce and everything, but the stuff about being nice. That's pretend that was all revolutionary. Great stuff that, right? Turn the other cheek. If someone will sue you for your cloak, give him your shirt also. If someone compels you to walk with him a mile walk with him too. Judge not that you've been not judged. Those kinds of statements. Great stuff, right? Right? Great, guide. Let's say good chance of getting you into heaven if you follow that stuff. Well, where are those people that are doing those things? Because every one that I hear, every time that I hear someone proclaim themselves a Christian, get Margaret ready. Every time I hear somebody proclaim themselves a Christian, they're doing the opposite of all of those things. Every time I see somebody having a problem with something that other people are doing, which is none of their freaking business. And Jesus told them not to judge other people. It's someone who's calling themselves a Christian. What's Margaret got to say about it? She's not a Christian! I got a facts over here. George talked about the controlling Christians. What about Margaret, Karen, the Chrysler, the Chrysler from hell, from trading spouses. Oh my God, warrior! I won't give Margaret this besides that she's fat. She was honest. At least she was honest. What? She's not a fedswriter. She's honest. She told everyone what she thought. Gargals! I get starry day on Godly! Yes, it is Margaret, but not you, honey. Every ounce of you is godly. Yes, yes! 12, 12, on 5, 60, WQAN. And when your shop in Perchews, comfort and fit, that's what it's all about in value, of course, too. Everybody wants to save a few bucks. And that's why you wanted to do your shoe shopping. Always at Brandy Shoes in Pomp and Obit. For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes and the top brands we're talking about. We're talking about the best brands like Rockport, floor shine, echo, new balance, Mephisto, SES, all the top names in a business. And Brandy's professional shoe fit is, I'm sure you have a customized video comfort shoe every time, just as for Arnie, he'll take dang good care of you. The pros at Brandy's understand fit and comfort and even specialise in wide wits as well, for those of you with really big fat, grotesque feet. Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere for comfort style, fit, value, and selection always think. Of Brandy's shoes, 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomp and Obit, they're often daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupid spend this time for savings of Brandy's because taking extra 20% off on selected men's and women's style, shoes from SES, naturalize their floor shine and spare in Rockport, too. So be sure to get in Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. I'm here and you are sure that I can't say any more, except that for me. Thanks a lot more part to that guy on Midday Show Guy. Oh, Boca. Yeah, yeah, that's the guy. Who emin' to hell at it? You met him. I did it. Yeah. Out into a hallway. I don't know who ever it was. Let's take some calls and show him. First, he just said, BADTAOIA City. Who? Yeah, hi, ma'am. Yeah, what do you know what he is? When are people gonna realize this? This is a sports show and nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports. Yeah, my no way. Some. They paid me to settle an environment. This here is a show from them. A boutement like this. Millie, pants and chuts. You stole the pizza? Yeah. You stole the pizza? I did not pay no pizza. I don't pay ridiculous. You stole the pizza? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I mean, they're all pissed. I don't know what you're talking about. No, I did not steal the pizza. I stole the pizza. How's he here? I ain't no pie, very good. You stole the pizza. I did not steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. You only had one slice. They're okay. So was a whole pie. Okay. Those buns had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot too, you know. There was no backer browns. Just don't taste the same without the doctor browns. That's rude. I let my own sanity. Good night. But kiss my ass. All right. 12 18 on 560. W.U.M.I. Thank you and curse you both to the person who's sending this for page before I stopped at Facts. They're critique of the book of pandas and people. Have you heard of this book? No. If the book that the intelligent design people are passing around, it's the latest one I should say. It claims to be an objective look at the theory of evolution, which of course it's not. It's a shred job based on a whole bunch of hoke them. Based on half truths and misrepresentation of science and the fossil record. I appreciate this, but I don't need to waste four facts pages on it. I know as much as I need to know about it. The book came out. I read the little synopsis of it. I go, here we go with another one. Because I read like two and I want to do different lectures by two different people. This is what I wanted to believe. I was getting arguments with people who were taking me to task for my belief. So I wanted some ammunition. So I started reading. In those days I read. Didn't make my eyes hurt. Think I need glasses? No, I'm just lazy. I hate reading. But all of their arguments are based on, well first of all, all of their arguments are based on taking shots at the other people's evidence. They don't have any of their own. And I could spend a long time and I won't talk about how they do that. It's just like word twisting games. But the other thing that they do is they just come out and lie. They say, by all I just say that blah, blah, blah, blah, they're just misquoting the science, the science of the day, the science of the time, just flat out falsely. It shouldn't surprise you because clergymen are evil thieves. All right. And this is their business. And anything that comes into conflict with their ability to make money and their absolute control over the minds of their parishioners they will object to. And they have a jet to do pretty much everything. Everything knew that ever came down the pike. Whatever it was, even if it were a good social concept like democracy, the railroad, potatoes, coffee, you know, these are things that the church objected to. Because they don't want anybody having anything from anywhere except what, you know, come to us and we'll give you. We'll give you healing. So they always objected in bot medical science. Persecuted them had them burned at the stake in tortured people that had a nerve to cut into dead human bodies to find out what's going on in there. So that they could help people who are still alive. Had them branded as Satanists. That's that for and so on. All of everything you name it. People who were pro-democracy, this is back during the American Revolution and other revolutions, the divine right of kings, this political system was established by God. And by saying that you don't want to follow a king, you're saying that you don't want to follow God in God's structure. Whatever it was, anything good, anything that didn't come from them, they condemned it. Come to us for healing. Come to us for your questions about the cosmos. Yeah, but you know, your story about the cosmos is kind of, I don't know, stupid. So I'm going to dig up some fossils and see what I can learn from observation. Oh no. You're the devil. So I don't need to read the critique of the Pandabokha. I read other similar books. It's just wordplay. They use to argue the same thing that they use to convince you of their hoke, and the first place, fanciful stories well told by a good storyteller. All right, it gets you all excited. You make an emotional decision. All right. That's how they argue all their points. Well, if this is that then that, that's not nothing to do with the fact that you can't produce any evidence to prove your point. And the only thing that you can do is take shots of the other people's evidence. And this is what we teach in school, by the way, for the people that say, well, what's wrong with just presenting alternative theories in this and that? It's like there's nothing wrong with presenting alternative theories, but in science class, we teach things that are observed. All right, if you send your child to school so that they can learn what people know about stuff. All right. We have the ability to tell our children whatever story we want at home. But we send them to school to find out about stuff we know not stories we heard. That's the difference. QAM Hello. Goodbye. QAM Hello. Hello. Hello. Don't QAM Hello. Hello. Hello. There you go. Uh huh. Do it. Yeah. QAM Hello. Hello. Hey George. What's up? Hey, I got two things regarding the band movies. Spinal Tapman. I mentioned that right in the opening tirade. I mean, outside of Spinal Tap and spoof like that, Spinal Tap was great. Yeah. Sort of go to 11 by the way. What that? These go to 11. Okay. And then regarding the if there's any historical writings that Jesus Christ existed, yeah. In my own research, some sort of in a similar spot where you were a while back, just trying to see if you can in in in research and study. Yeah, like we went into the real Jesus. Right. The only thing I could recall is there's a man named Josephus who's writing. And that's been conflicted. I mean, there are there are people that say that that was all made up Hokeum and say that they have the proof that it was all made up Hokeum. So, but still. And he was supposed to, when he lived was supposed to correlate it to when allegedly Jesus lived and according to his writing, he says there wasn't a man named Josephus Christ to actually live. But you know, far too he actually was, you know, right. What we're like this people. I think I've got to close as we can get exactly. I've got to close as we can get exactly. And first part of the King Arthur stuff, there was a guy that lived in this time and he said something that did some things that we think might have been Jesus. Right on. All right. I haven't got one. Take it easy. I should get some of Josephus book just to put it to rest in my own mind. There's people think that was all a bunch of Hokeum too. Q. Q. I'm hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Oh. And here we are, I'm on a cell. I can hear you fine. I'm a little bit scared. I think that's a great discussion. I have a question. I have a question. I said I hear it. I'm in a great discussion. I don't know. I agree. What do you got for us? Well, I just wanted to say. They were talking about Van Riello and Bertarba, a little bit of Go. And how they came to Florida and which they did. I think that I don't think so. I think that part of the problem was that they didn't have the material around them to continue doing a strong performance as they originally had. Okay. One of the reasons there was the slow down upon part of the reasons. Okay. All right. And then about the great discussion about whatever this thing they call, with the creation of the line. Yeah. Intelligent Design versus. I'm not going to get the intelligence design. My God. It's got this. It's the blaming God and intelligence design. He's got much more intelligence than to design what's today. Okay. That's a very good point. So I don't know. Who am I talking to? This is George. Oh, you're on the. We're on the phone. We're on the radio right now. That's right. Oh, good grief. I didn't know. We don't do repression on the show. I'm driving and I couldn't hear. I think that there are a lot more to it than that. You know. Of course, there's still a lot of time since I was in elementary school. Right. And also in high school. It's not just that we learned in the design, but maybe you know, you know, animals, all everything about human beings. It's all based on what is visible to the human experience. Right. Except they try to make spirit, which is entirely opposite to matter. It's not only that, but all the things that matter is doing, or what that man is doing. And there's a difference. You cannot, you can't clean, you can't blend them. No. They're bobbling. So, you can't blend them. No. They're bobbling. Oh, they try. Is this a crazy, a lot of you there? Yeah, that was my blender, sorry, God. I heard a clarity for generations and thousands of years have been trying to make grand, and the image is, they've got, and the image is man. And the real way is to try to grow any more in the image of God if you understand God to be good. All right, it's the whole theory there. And then sister. I'm sorry. I said, have a nice day. Thanks for calling. Are you a facilitator? Do you want to try to stop me doing first? I just need to fight secretly. All right. Bye bye. Bye bye. Any idea? I want to go home now. Me too, but we can't. 12, 27, 5, 60, QAM. So shopping hell shopping way too late. Oh, the crap I have to buy with Christmas days away. Shopping hell shopping hell shopping way too late. In a rush to get it done so get out of my way. Guessing through the mall with one mission today. I am desperate to buy anything on display. If those bargain bins look for the cheapest price. Who cares if they don't like that gift on wrapping it tonight. Oh, shopping hell shopping hell shopping way too late. In a rush to get it done so get out of my way. Yeah. I finally got my little chat thing working in Boca Brian's and there's somebody I can just do this on the year. Can't do the lunch today Brian. I got to put it off one more day. If for no more reason and I have several I got to get one more day of shopping before I see Boca Brian. I got to update upgrade his present. Let me ask you a question. You have a lot of people to buy for. Yeah, thanks. More than 10 is that something more. More. Yeah. Never mind. I was going to ask. I was going to see if it's not possible for you to get it done in like a day. No, no, I've been working on it since the beginning of the month actually. I got a little combinations of mail orders and drive buys. Okay. And then some actual like I hit best buy yesterday. I think I might have to go back. That was you who did the drive buy. Dude. That was me. Best buy was nutty. I had to park like in the field. Well, the lines and you guys buy when it's not Christmas season. Right. And actually. And they were doing the right thing because you know how normally you can't get any you can get any help there. And I don't want you know they're going to. You're ripping this by that's my favorite store bar none. All right. Let me just throw that disclaimer out there. I'm a member of the rewards club for crying out loud. I was cashin' in two freaking coupons because I spent so much money there. And I love going to best buy. But. I know that they get those low low prices going by not paying anybody any. All right. And don't get me started on the geeks quad either. There's commercials are great players who make your computer to do that. You're making your computer to be fixed as long as you know what's wrong with it and have already purchased the part that they need to replace that you. You hear may not know that they need to replace it or otherwise you're going to be driving all around town to help them fix your computer. But they're great. All right. They're spectacular. So I go there and they actually had a lady doing. I don't even know what you call it. She was doing the cashier jocky and she was kind of like major de-in for the cashiers. She was standing at the front of the line. You know how they make you go through that. They got a little line. Area like a little corridor real off there for you to stand in line in. Yeah. And they had a lady there at the front of the eyeball in the cashier's waiting for, you know, she was eyeballing them for somebody to be wrapping up their purchase. And then she would like say, you register 10. You register 5. Just like that. Like keeping it going. And I got in and out. You know, look at these split. I'm not going to go into too many details because I don't want to tip people off of what I was. But like I already once did some shopping and I got something for Boca Brian and I'm reviewing some stuff yesterday and going through something I look at what I got for Brian and I'm like, this sucks. What's that reaction? Yeah. Am I reaction? I'm like, no. I think this is lame. I'm going to give this to somebody else like my friend that pissed or something. No. This sucks. I need to upgrade Boca Brian because I value Boca Brian. You know, not just because I was at no Howard David this. So we'll have to put off our lunch today. Brian, because I just need one more day before I see. And I know what he's going to say. Oh, no, you don't have to give me. It's like, hey, you know me. You're not going to stop me. I'm cashin in every car mechanic opportunity. I have, especially this year. Good God help me. So I need one more day, Brian. We'll have to postpone our regular lunch where we sit and scheme about it. And scheme about how best to embarrass Howard David again. All right. We'll just put that one off of, you know, till tomorrow. And hopefully we'll come up with something good by then. QA, hello. Hey, George. Or yeah. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Hey, you know, as you do, look at the news. And you see all this or well, you double speak between Patriot Act and Holland Secure. It's like a comedy act. It's kind of like watching a Vaudeville tap dancer and tap dance and juggle at the same time. Because he's throwing this stuff out here and it's so obvious that he's one of these faith-based people. Because he's throwing things out that make no sense. Because everybody's asking him, well, could you please cite the law or the section that gives you the authority to do this on the commander chief? Well, yeah, but we understand that. But see, that has a definition and the powers that the commander and chief has are defined. Could you please tell us where in your job description it gives you. But what? War on the commander chief during wartime. Yeah, we know that. But if you need to be able to cite some sort of a law because we have checks and balances and we have a procedure in place and a court specifically set up to grant warrants for these kinds of activities. Why didn't you go to that court? Shut up. Why do you hate America? That's why it's the duty of peace of paper anyway. That's right. I got a great name. And you know, because they had it on the news, that court that is in charge of those things last year or since what since it was set up out of the 4,000. And a half or almost requests for warrants have turned down four. All right. So it's not like this is an impediment. And I saw there are so flexible. You can even go back to them retroactively if they're in emergency. Right. That's how much they just want to have you say. But obviously they're spying on political opponents. People they just don't like. They're digging up dirt on everybody that they don't like. And they don't want you to know what they're doing or who they're doing it to. If you're not a friend of the wizard, you're in trouble. Yes, you are. So a great movie though about a band. Almost famous. Almost famous. Almost famous by Cameron Crow. Oh, oh. He'd had to. Yeah, I don't. Didn't like that movie. I don't know. Okay. I'm sorry. Well, it's better than that. Let's do that. Maybe hate Kate Hudson. Well, that's not too hard. I think you're a copy of a crash. You should get it to stage. Oh, I expect tacky. Enjoy. Thank you so much. I'm going to work on what was it for you? Omega man. I don't even know if they have it on DVD. It's one of those movies. I still be VHS. And also since we have, you know, let's take, you know, advantage of the fact that we got we got the show to exploit for our own personal gain here. I want to find you a VCR. Cheap. If someone knows where they're selling cheap VCRs, I want to buy one for Josh. I don't like you enough to get you a VCR DVD combo. Well, actually, let me rephrase that. I do like you enough, but that's not a my boring. I don't worry. I don't, you know, this is, it's not even more like, you know, I can borrow this. Yeah, yeah, you could. You know, I mean, I don't have any idea at this point. I know. Star Wars. I thought I have on tape. Star Wars. What's that? You're original. Oh, that's the only one worth that. I don't have. I can't watch them if I wanted to. You know, what's George Lucas going to say to God? What do you like to be a flying the wall for that conversation? When God's confronting him with that, when God says to George Lucas, on shooting second, Greedo shooting first, what are you thinking? QA, hello. QA, hello. QA, hello. QA, hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, George. How are you? How are you doing? Just fine. Hey, what do you think you're going to help me out with something? This time of year, there's always changed the device. These women dressed like nurses, but are maybe Asian or Filipino out there begging for money to work. Right. Women. They go on to a cult. Don't give them any money. Don't give them money. No. But if they go with fish off. So religious group and don't give them any money. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. What they're dressed in or what they say the money is going to. Here's my policy with regards to beggars. Don't give them any money. But they're beautiful from all the time. And that will make them legit. Don't give them any money. Give them. Give them what Jesus is a possible's gave to the lame beggar and acts. All right. Give them the blessings of Jesus. Past Jesus is blessing along. He gave it to you. You pass it right along to them. I will do that. And also, I got you on the phone. I even know something earlier. You got to look at this guy's website. It's the Bible and for man. Okay. Okay. He translates everything literally from the Bible. Everything is the truth. He's not dumb, Tim. He is on the air. I used to live in Colorado. Who? What a foreign guy. It cracked me up. People would have specific questions and he would quote first. All right. I need to open it up. Sure. Where did came get his wife? I don't know. I don't know. I'll ask the Bible and for man. He will know. All right. Thanks, George. It's easy. Now, there's a guy that probably spends more time reading the Bible than I do. You know what's funny about going back and reading the Bible again? It's the same. Yeah. Yeah. QA below. Hello. Hello. You know, George, you need to check out this documentary. It's called Hades. This is a story about G.G. Allen. You need to. Story about who? G.G. Allen. G.G. Allen. Is that the guy? The hardcore rocker who doesn't want to think of. Yeah. Yeah. I got hate it. You're going to crap your hand. I think A.G. I think A.G. Del, one of our listeners who has a website, a feast of hate and fear. I think he sent me that. And I saw it. Do you like it? He's a fun guy. I like to have him at a party. All right. I don't want to front row seat at one of his shows, mind you. I don't want to talk to him. It's not like I need those butt marshmallows at me. But I like a back row seat at one of his shows. Oh, no. All right. Later. It doesn't even show. He comes out naked. He does the hardest core like death metal that you can imagine. And then in one of the shows he was, um, How can we put this elegantly? You can't. He was inserting marshmallows and then deserting them and throwing them into the crowd. How's that? Yeah, back row. Yeah, back row. I'm putting it in binoculars. Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. George. Yeah. What's going on? I got a few points for you. Okay. What you've been talking about first of all, you're on fireman man. You're on fire. What do you do? Who have you? Um, I want to start off with a religion point. Did you ever hear of a very copyistic evolution? Yeah. I think if it's what I think it is, that's the God made everything, But that's how he did it. Exactly. He started the whole thing back. Going with that. We left it alone. As a matter of fact, if God is going to create a universe, How else would accept to? I want this to exist. There it is. Right. Our next point, the Rocky Horror Picture Show. Yeah. Believe it's showing every Saturday night at Fwipper's Theatre. We'll be theater off for a while. The other way think you're right. The daughter was going to that pre-bookly for a while. Captain Universe. I'm going to take Josh. That's the way. And his girlfriend. Uh, next part of a shopping sucks. I can totally agree with that. I love the internet. I got at least half of it all done on line. I've got to pick up the wife stuff. And at best, by thankfully, I do a my reward card member. It's the best. I love that sore. I could really hurt my whole life in that sore. I do that all the time. I've got to put blinders on when I go in there. What's up, man? And the band moved. One thing I saw was, um, light of day with Joan Jack and Michael J. Fawker. Oh, kind of can't be kind of genius. They played for that. I forgot all about that one. We can put that on another list of things that shouldn't have happened. Yeah. What's that going there? All right. Wait on. Take it easy. I saw that one. Yeah. That was, you know, I really tried hard to talk myself in the Joan Jetta's sexy. Never quite got there, did you? Remember her video for Do You Want to Touch Me? Where she's flashing. She's wearing that little bikini. She fly. Yeah. And you're like, oh, Jo, I, you know, I had a better time with my fantasies before I saw that. Yikes. What the hell is that? Is that a chick? What's going on? All right. I don't know. I did her proves their Joan. I mean, that was a pretty fast flash. I don't know. It was in slow motion too, but still. I don't know. Remember that? Remember that video? A little bit. Do You Want to Touch Me? Anyway. Oh, Jo. I've been wanting to see you naked for a long time. And, uh, no, I kind of wish I hadn't. 16 to 1 and 5, 60 QAM. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Ready to go? You're ready. I'm 16 QA. I'm okay. I think Boca Brian was listening to that last I can't make lunch today Brian I tried to type it in the little box here just now I should have done it sooner, but I had to go to the bathroom. It'll be waiting for you at the dining What I have to do a lot because when you're and write this down for the future for like when you do the show Should we both die? You go through a lot of water because you're talking a lot and so when you go through a lot of water Guess what you go through a lot of water. Not that that whole pseudo-evident rain is in helping out too Want one of those? Yeah, yeah, I don't have the num knows or anything like that. I actually only had one more swiglet in the formula 44d I want just enough to get a little light hit it. I'll give you two crush them up and snort them We never did get an answer to that is anybody tried that You know if I were to ask the question and we even I didn't even have to ask the one time Remember talking about Stupid things that kids smoke Remember that whole conversation like oatmeal and banana peels and whatnot and you did banana peels. No, I didn't Somebody did you do the oatmeal? No, I told you the first thing that I ever smoked was a Rina OT okay orange-ficed tea Stories from here to eternity Taste really good about yeah, I didn't that who kind of a buzz Any Just it was just a taste thing really so we could bring that up and it'll be all kinds of people calling but what about you know Did anyone ever snort these Suda feds I know we got the answer yesterday apparently and I didn't know I guess I did but I forgot I didn't write it down Isn't that how it works when you're not interested in the formula for Crystal meth Right that down over its recipe against how many pseudo effedreens do I have to dissolve in what kind of acid now? But I guess that's right. I remember that that was exactly it was Suda fed that everyone was all up in arms And they were making sure that they kept it behind the counter not in front of the counter and the kids were coming in buying boxes of it Remember that all that stuff that was going on But I'm just wondering if you could just crush this stuff up and snort it because that was getting numb nose yesterday just from the one Plus the I guess not enough half a bottle of formula 44 D that could do it too Well that the alcohol I guess will numb your nose and you're teeth a little bit great combo Yeah To tease QAM hello Hello GGL has been dead for over 10 years come do I get with the George? Oh damn it that he kill himself because they know he was a gunna So he never did kill himself and concert like he said he was going to Again close but nevertheless All too bad I buy newspapers from those almost times every day they do a great service. I bet What services is that? They're providing me a newspaper. I see Peace man by those aren't the people we're talking about We're not talking about the newspaper vendors. Yeah, I mean I understand people who grab like a sentence along the way Yeah, that's all fine although I will save because the homeless voice people they have a little bit of a fake pamphlet That they pretend that they're distributing their act for their money Well, that's how they get around with it so that they see some cities try to pass these no panhandling ordinances But that doesn't apply to people who are vending on the street like the newspaper vendors. So they just all we got a pamphlet We just took a piece of paper and folded in half And we're bending now see great So if that's what has to happen to get these people off the street is to get the newspaper vendors off the street to then so be it I don't think any of us are having trouble finding newspapers are you why I read online Hey But I mean how many newspaper options are there and And or all of the rest of the stuff that they sell to you from your from the curb their water and the Nms True roast whatever those little those little great things things yeah The the has peel already One of those. No, hey, we're come on Whatever those things are Let's go through that again kill an entire show. What are they and why hasn't anybody brought an advice that Josh can have some or me I don't think I've had them are they not grapes or they leeching us that's what they were they were some sort of a strain of like a leeching Nothing and I hear that they taste like boger's like or sweet. Yes sweet bogers Let's do it Come on man. You never know when you might find your way on the fear factor. This is just conditioning cute. I'm hello George. Yes. How are you? Fine. How are you? Okay, listen to I will listen you were saying about Mary Kane Jane Travel east to the world of nod and Mary and they that's what you get the black folk book all right. Thank you very much Yeah, I heard that story Q a hello hello hello. Hey. I done all right. How are you? Good I got a little comment on the fact that of pen of people book But actually Jack book has been thrown into anything. He was originally around when the old creation thing Greating is something was going on in the 80s and I want to publish now They just literally came forward creationism to intelligent design So I know I just repackaging it exactly I know as it but the fact is that People are trying to introduce it to everyone else as it's a new fan come on well First of all these people are scamsters and so this is all they do all day long year after years is Scam and come up with new ways to scam and come up with new ways to repackage the same old product Which is just here's the way life is take my word for it. Yeah, that's their product Exactly, so I mean anybody will have a branch and know that you know It's it's delicious. I mean you have to have a lot of course and they're not they're not really presenting Anything all they're saying is no, that's not it. In other words all of their so-called curriculum and all of their so-called Whatever it is that they're offering they're not offering you any information Outside of mythology, but what they are doing is saying you know that science that you've been hearing about and that's wrong Yeah, I told her saying oh what you just heard that's wrong. Yeah Yeah, I say screw a intelligent design and spring in the flying spaghetti monster I mean that guy is the way to go. There you go. Yeah, there's a point to get him on street Yeah, the flying spaghetti must have never that look out No, yeah, there's a guy out in Kansas who got the tip of the school board Taking putting intelligence in into the school to shoot the he Follow along saying that the coaches want his wrong guy. I believe that there's a flying stick any monster Yeah, yeah, look at it. It's a big thing on the net. Thanks to give him his their picture of it Yeah, there's a picture of a tool it's a ball for a gig of a two me balls And I just flying around all right Good thing That's the monster that doesn't eat you, but you can eat it Q. I am a lot George. Yes two questions in the statement Okay, I'm right. You're let's tell me up front when the Mr. Garrison become Mrs. Garrison Last season sometime, right He had a sister. I could keep realized that he was a woman on the inside It was a it was a big issue it was a whole big to do and Kyle's dad became a dolphin for a little while you you have to see it it explains a lot more than I can go through here Okay, now I'm staying in and then I have a question Sure, I don't want you to be a liar anymore because you're telling Josh or you're gonna take him to Rocky R No, no, I'm not gonna take him my daughter. Oh, because I was gonna say you know your wife's not gonna let you go. No, I'm not allowed to have any fun No, you know I'm like my daughter is though And then the third question So nice tonight who's the car? Redorge, and we're gonna find out tonight. I do know who it is. I say it's a chick I don't know I don't know what's up with us. How about this? What's your name? The carver is what's your name? Not the crazy blonde, but the other crazy Lymphomaniac that that has a black child right and who supposedly has AIDS Yeah, for that's what a lot of people are saying By the way, this Christian have sex with anyone who isn't crazy. No apparently not All right, what did you get your mom for Christmas? Dude don't get me started man. She's in the hospital right now with a fractured neck. You know what that means? Things I got I'll put up with her. Oh my god All right, you don't have them man. She's in heaven people have to cater to her Which by the way, I mean, you know never did mention that she got any accident North Florida in the short story I went down there on Sunday. She was completely knocked out You know the nurses like oh you must be the young I had two words out of my mouth. Oh you must be the youngest I heard about you The nurse at you and your sister and like yeah, she's talking smack. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah And I said I don't doubt it. I weep for you because you actually have to pay attention You're paid it's your job to cater to this evil wench this evil woman She's in heaven right now. She has a pain that's undeniable She has a pain that can be verified. Well, how did you say she broke To fracture she's got a little bit of a fracture on her neck there They yahu's at the same Augustine hospital flaglar hospital and say Augustine released her and said oh you're fine Bitch get that out of here. They're probably just tired of a whaling ass And so you know they bring her down here and her neck still hurts so they take her over to the hospital and Do what I've strange. She's got like a little micro fracture or something like that. She's got a pain in the neck Yes, you know you know the line. She's gone from being a pain in the neck to having a pain in the neck and now we have to humor her Yeah, and I wiped down their own Sunday like I'm gonna you think it's she's a jackson now. She's actually like In the complex somewhere. I'm not gonna say exactly where You think I'm gonna go down there on a weekday and fight traffic all the way back up stream after the show To what to do what to listen to her way a lot me to be a captive audience in there. I have a neck fracture So now I'm really gonna let you have it Okay, she came for I was a very pleasant visit on Sunday. She was knocked out. I stood there in front of her dead our front of her dead. Oh, was that a 14 foot Sorry, man I sat there in front of her bed and looked at her and you know, she's got her neck in a brace talk to the very nice and very miserable nurse that has to deal with her and We skidadled We left Jesus's blessings with her though It's one o'clock on five sixty. But you can't go ahead Hello, I'm Dick Hunt president of the American Family of soGA oops wrong bet Really really You You You You You You You You You You You You You Do you think anybody would have believed that? I say if if anyone saw Todd bouncing around I'm talking Talking all of our he would made a rubber from one person to another to try to find someone who would confront the coach Dan Shula with these Sporting it what did he have like a football jersey and a paper plate with what did he have? I guess a couple helmets or a couple footballs and a helmet It's for clients which ultimately means it's for him because he gets this is all grease You know he greets his a client with an autographed helmet and they grease him with a big order. You know we all benefit Josh. That's how you should see it You want to be a team player don't you Let's see they wouldn't have believed that scene if that. No, this guy isn't real no one really acts like this But it is coach Dan Shula. Oh That's all I have for okay. I walk past him in the hall Did you I was on my way to the bathroom. I told you I've been going like a Russian race horse this morning and and today So there was the crowd all gathered around there and just like I did with a Dan Reno those couple occasion remember during the the whole Hall of Fame and inauguration thing. I told my Dan Reno stories about how he was in the hall and I walked past yeah And they were all these people there in the hall blocking my way and I had to kind of shove my way through You know I at least I didn't have to Actually physically brush by anyone There was actually a path Through the throng that I was able to get to the bathroom through a Q. I am hello Q. I am hello The I feel like I just heard that it's kind of gay don't you think hello? Yeah I want to tell you way to be so sure for you friends my USA The luck for what now the BCR oh Chief BCR is a brand smart like under 40 bucks beautiful There you go. All right Thanks a lot. I love all right, but yeah, but that's a like I And I have to drive in the other direction don't worry man like I said You take this with me again. I have no looks at what's in my jazz movies So I'm not doing over the purpose of it. I mean a VCR It's kind of like throwing money away What are you doing what you got going off mic This is a perfect example this here is a VHS cassette tape of the most recent Saturday night live That Jen Pudsey taped and copied for me because I missed it remember somebody called and said you got a here You got to see his Alex Baldwin Okay, I Think it was last week someone called and said Alex Baldwin was on Saturday night live yet again and they did a whole Christmas thing with The elves him and the elves doing a glengheri glengros speech for the Chris Santa and the elves and it was okay Historical and I was lamenting and I tore my he always done a good job on Saturday I always does a good job failure And I hadn't seen it and I was bummed and Jen here she goes and she makes the copy and so I got to watch it now here it is This is why you should have a tape player Something comes on you tape it you lay it on a friend Friend you see how that works right this is the was something that you still can't do with Tivo until they come up with a with a handy-dandy DVR Where you can tape on the fly and actually physically remove a disc and lay that on a friend This is still the best thing that we got guess who the musical guest is Give me a hint someone we like there's your hint someone we like a Lot what genre hot Shakira you are Amazing man get out my head. I mean what else is going on right now? Well it could have been Brittany Not now day now anymore has she been solid which by the way you obviously saw it We saw with the barkers. Oh the barkers. I tell you I know even pro-fler is that how you say her name She's a smoke learning a barker. Let's just go and lock up and milk you listen I'm actually up where they kid I'd be over that not a problem no So this is why you should have a VCR so that you can enjoy good point People we stole we're still exchanging tapes here and there 40 bucks though that's not bad. You know what I said that's what we do until they come up with a handy You know what I'd really like to get is some sort of a recording device that I can record on a little USB One of those little USB flash memory things they got them look to four gigs now Is that a show yet I'm dreaming they probably have something like that. Okay, right away now all right I like to fantasize about technology Don't you 1 13 on 560 W 2 a m Boys and conscious Where But there's a place Also With my body and booty, let wear fair, let go For the touch of chieftain, it's one of those things I want for They're such a bad ass, how do they care for With my body and booty, let wear fair, let go For the touch of chieftain, it's one of the things I want for The dear touch of chieftain, the dear touch of chieftain One 18 by 16, QM-shed the bad girl, isn't she, Josh? I think she needs a spanking, and I'll give it to her. All right, I'll hold the camcorder. QM hello. Search? Yeah. I got the solution for Josh, so you see her from The phone is on the phone, I need local punch, I'll call her for my 20 bucks. All right, you used, but yeah, well, you know, and then you need to remote, you know, the universe remote's cross of my 10 bucks. Sure sure. So that I can't believe it's going to be a team, where there's going to be a BCR. No, he doesn't have a team, but either he just has a DVD player. Yeah. He's got a catch up. So he's like 20. Who watches the VHS? Nobody, nobody. Nobody. The grandfather did, and he just picked her while they were in the back of him in the corner. Well, you need it for when you want to take stuff. Oh, yeah, no, never. He can't be she carein' though. Right, so he can. Okay, okay. Got that DVD. All right, take it easy. Oh, we'll do that poll one of these days, maybe later this week, but we've done that before. You know, if anyone's listening that works for Playboy, and you know, that she really, you know, give her a good offer. Right, not only that, but we can have, and I try to do this before, and I think one of these days, maybe we could do this over the summer, it's something that takes a little bit of time to do. Remember the new tothon, add a better name for it than that. The strip ofthon, I don't. Well, it works something like this. Take someone like, say, Chikira, have someone a pro-chir and negotiate a price, and then we'll have a fundraiser to come up with the money. And then the people that contributed, we get to share. You know what I mean? We get a copy of the glossy book. What do you think? Or like it? Problem man, I thought I had a better name for her to get naked. I know, can't imagine how much I know. I'm going to get, they're going to run out with every penny. Oh, I agree. We could get a tour bus go around the country, pass in the hat. You know, all these people standing on street corners, you know, pass in the hat, raising funds for stuff. We can have all of themselves in their cult leader, the Chikira voice guys go out on the side road. You know, I'm saying, hey, right, we want you to get naked. We can trip you. We have a lot of money, a strip ofthon, nine new tothon. I see that had a better, better campaign term. Probably that. That's the work and idea that we have a fundraiser and the people that contribute, we get to share in this foil and all the rest of you. You just have to settle for our description. Her nipples are actually well when they're hard. They're like the size of a dime. But when they're not they're kind of like the size of a quarter. Now Susan be at any dollar but a quarter. Yeah, if you haven't paid, then you'll have to go through La Tatuta. Yeah. She did that. I think that's the song that she did there. That is right. The turtle, the tortoise. QA, hello. Hello. Hello, Mr. John. Yeah. Hey, George, about the movies that you have been about before. Would a regular rock and roll a group count? No, not a documentary about a real band but a movie about a fake band. Like any of the cruisers, that kind of thing. Oh, because I saw it made for TV, movie called, for the, about the tentations, which was excellent. Yeah. I'm not talking about a documentary or a documentary about real bands. All right. Next time. All right. Take it easy. What was that other horrible horrible movie? And it was brutal. It had, I think it had Michael Peray in it again. And Rick Moranis. Oh, come on. Diane Lane. Rick Moranis. Yeah. Oh, he was brutalizing it too. And, uh, and we'll end the phone as the bad guy. 50 style. Come on. Somebody knows this. It's right here. I got it right here. No, not there. QA, hello. Hello. George. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Hello. I got that Human X 250 DVR DVD joint. And I paid way too much for it back when I first came out. And it gave me a lot of money. And I was just going to say, I'm going to give it a try. And it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Copy everything. Okay. And some shows over the air do come, uh, security code. So if you try to do it, it doesn't let you. Hi. Like H. B. I really didn't do it. So, you know, you can't copy every show. But this one, this, the one gift that I did get this year that I've my wife gave to me at a time was a vaporizer. You know, that is. Yeah. I heard about it. I don't want to go to any trouble for my smokes. I don't want anything that I have to plug in. Right. We also. I'm the same way because I'm very lazy. My wife actually had to do this for me. I went and got it. You know, because she didn't need it. I'm back. I did not. I was making a mess. So long story. Sure. She got it. And I'm actually dead because it's, um, I may look at my teeth. You know, I'm worried about turning yellow. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my came yellow. So I don't have to worry. But as far as the DVR DVD thing, I would just hold off a little bit because of that. Yeah. You know, it's going to get a lot cheaper. Unfortunately, television shows nowadays when they send them out or sending them out with this code, where you can't copy everything. There, there must be a way. And if your TV is displaying it, then there's a way. True. True. Right. All right. Take it easy. And did you know, just a matter of waiting. There are people working on this problem as we speak. As we speak, and, uh, we want them to know that we want to know them. Q amp hello. Q amp hello. A streetifier. That was it. Oh, thank you. Streetifier horrible horrible movie. Another musical. Oh, yes. George. Hi. Hi. I didn't know what was going on when you picked that up. Oh, I just got excited there for a minute. Uh, I happened all the time. I was actually trying to get through earlier. Um, I couldn't get through. Um, I just wanted to talk a little bit about five eight. Oh, yes. Yeah. I'm the commander chief. We're war. I'm out rage that anybody would be spreading these really true rumors. Oh, why is it anyone landbassing the New York Times? We've been posting stories about that about that same question. Why isn't anybody Hello, you know, all of that? I'm just, I'm just flabbergasted. I mean, you know, I mean, this is really very serious. Are you as flabbergasted as the president? Because they broke the story at all. Oh, yes. Yeah. I've been listening. I occasionally, when I really wanted to get angry, I'll turn over. I was just in your restaurant ball this morning. Why? Right. Because unbelievable, you know, what the lengths they go to. And I sometimes I, huh? I'm, I'm ready to. Oh, sometimes I have this, you know, this vision that, you know, is we could just put our broadcasters and our politicians on why detector and see if they would fit there in a fantasy. I would love to see what, you know, the in order to run for office or in order to broadcast over the air, you'd have to like take this why detector test or something and see what these guys have. And they have, I've been doing a lot of online catalog shopping and they have these novelty things that's like a a light detector that shocks you and it detects that you like. That's the kind of thing I would like them hold. Oh, I would love that. Oh, that would be great. But yeah, yeah, I'll go on your side. I haven't been up there in a couple days and see if somebody articles it even post person up there. The question has been raised. No one has any good answers. Yeah, I haven't, you know, what the level, I've been said, as you haven't had to be able to watch news to see if anyone's even, you know, it seems like everyone's talking about the president. Well, the good news isn't that. You know, I'm talking about New York Times sitting on a for a year. Here's the good news. And you can read all about it is that people on both sides of the aisle because you know, there are there are the neocons and then there are the real Republicans. Exactly. But actually, even though their philosophies might be different from ours. There are people that still agree with the rule of law and doing things by the book. And you have a lot of Republicans that are also demanding a lot of answers. And there will be an investigation. And then in my hope that this will help get us to win the OSA collections and get congress found. Well, they're my arrangement because it is, you know, stay tuned. Yeah. This is illegal and he's admitting to to illegal acts and the thing about it is that, you know, everybody's saying, hey, it's illegal, please cite the law that, that says that you have the authority to do this and they can't. Rush Limbaugh saying that buys the law says it gives him, but then it says it gives him 15 days after declaration of war to be able to tap without getting a warrant or something like that. They're on their redepsy. Sorry, not an African citizen. Sorry. Yeah. And then he says that the OSA has last date and it was that they're not tapping Americans. They're tapping Alkaita. Sorry. Sorry. Not only are they tapping Americans, but again, they say, well, if you're only investigating American citizens of Arab descent that you feel might be sympathetic to the Muslim cause and everything. Why don't you release the name so that we can verify that you're only monitoring people with some sort of an alcanic connection and they say no. Right. Right. So, and there are people with security clearance who would be able to verify that, you know, there are, there are members of Congress with security clearance that would be able to look at that list that, that are clear to do so without violating, you know, without violating the integrity of the security of the United States. But they won't let them see it either. Right. Well, okay. Like we're facing. Absolutely. By 128-560-WQAN. Awesome. It's not too late to show your lung for that special person in your life this holiday season. Sign for a 60,000 dollar luxury car today, and we'll have it delivered right to your driveway with a big red bow on top. When he gets home, we're dealing with unknowing smile to show your love and care. We're going to afford a 60,000 dollar car. When you fucking crazy, we can't afford the one we got. Hey, honey. Fine. Hey, my doctor. Don't you feel me? Be me. Be me. Be me. Hey. I'm feeling more understand. Hey, let's go for a walk. Don't run into a force to give me a key. I'm out of here. No, man, did you do it okay, but the whole, uh, the whole McGillah. We already went through that yesterday. So Todd Keller, her, says that he's got a Sony digital, uh, it's a DVD recorder that records everything off the TV just fine. And we have a problem with the occasional VHS because the cassette tape, but I'd like the Sony ones or a who? Universal. That are not universal. That apparently will not record. So make like making copies of tapes, which ain't the idea so much is just being able to record a TV show and hand it over to a bud. And he said, you use the the re-rideable DVD so you can just record over one over and over again. Well, that's it. That's the deal. That's the way to go. To get by Sony. You don't remember the model number. It's got a G in there somewhere. G or X 300. And they probably got eBay. How old is it? One or two years. So they've probably got updated or newer versions of theater updated or I've decided I'm going to start making up words. This is way worse than the before I like. Oh, like I remember. Yeah, you know how much I spoke. I don't know. But I keep watching the news. Especially when I have to wind up doing the show here. And like, I don't know what happened to the English language. Like I guess there was a memo put out that I didn't get where everyone just threw the language book out the window. Which just benefits us just fine. I was all worried about using proper words for things, using proper English proper grammar. I don't have to. You don't have to anymore because they're not doing it on any of the news shows on any of the talk shows. You read stuff in the newspaper and like we're posting these stories. People just their their language is like like what like what language are you speaking? QM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, please. Please. Now you're dead too. Hey, let's it. Uh, a lot of tuta means that the torture. I know man. I've been saying that for months. It's the song came out. People. People ask me what it means that I say tortoise. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, but one of the best rock movies, bad movies. The song remains the same. Okay. All right. That's about. Uh, and that's a real. Let's definitely. Yeah, but it's like a real documentary. Well, yeah. I guess. All right. That's what I was talking about. Like the guy called Streets of Fire. See, that's a perfect and an eddy in the cruiser. These are the kinds of movies I'm talking about. Okay. All right. Even though a streetifier was, you know, there was a band in it. But it was other stuff going on. Seriously. A bad, bad movie. A ridiculous movie. It was like getting hit in the stomach over and over again. Streets of fire. It's like, you, you wonder if anybody making this movie was actually watching what was going on while it was going on. Like, did anybody not notice that this was really stupid that the dialogue is stupid. The plot is completely ridiculous that no one here is acting good even the people who are good actors. And it just nip. I guess they weren't noticing. Speaking of high. I'll hide musta been. Q.A.M. Hello. Winston Churchill. What? Winston Churchill. I think that's the guy that normally calls up and says Hitler. For the holiday season, he's going on the other side. Q.A.M. Hello. I love it. Hello. All right. By the way, last time that I was in the magic room over there, one of the sales guys forget a same. He said happy holidays to me. Oh, he got the memo. Right. It's okay to say Merry Christmas to me. I'm saying Merry Christmas to the other Goiom that I am. Q.A.M. Hello. But I'm making sure that they're going on first. Hello. Yes. I know George. Find how are you? Another really bad movie with a band is Chelsea in the pussychets. You know what? So bad. I didn't even bother to see it even though it's got those hot chicks in it. Yeah, that one girl. Who the hell are you? What the hell do you want? The Chelsea. What was your name? Oh, I forget. Well, who really wanted is in a pretty good hardcore bunk band. Like he's releasing in a really good hardcore bunk band. Called. I forgot the name. He's going to have to do a search. But he's not that time. That time was pretty good. But hey George, I was going to call you yesterday about the Sony music and they're putting the stuff in your computer. Yeah. Pretty crazy stuff, huh? Yeah, I will not be buying Sony music CDs. Yeah, it's crazy. And one of the questions I was having a discussion with someone that you're on your religious kick again today. I got out of my system pretty much, I feel. Well, I always use you, which is probably scarier than it has to be in the religious ammo. But I had a discussion with someone about he believes in the best penalty, but is not for abortions. And I want to know how it justified that in the Bible. How well, it first of all, it doesn't. So there's nothing in the Bible about abortion. And when you look at, like say, the book of Joshua and all these other slaughter books and slaughter versus where they tell you to make sure that you don't miss any babies, you can see that there's no premium on a children's life on a child's life in the Bible, especially in the Old Testament. So there are there abortion thing. You're not basing it on anything. But it does say in the Old Testament that the punishment for any number of crimes is death. See. So, like if you take a life, you have to pay with your life kind of thing. Well, not just that. See, that's the blessing you was using. And I don't know enough about the Bible. Well, first of all, people will always miss quote that. And I for nine, a tooth for tooth that appears a couple three times in the Bible. But it's never in reference to murder. And a lot of people think that it is. Jesus actually condemns that. When Jesus mentions it, it's to overturn it. It's to discount it. So if he's a Christian, you know, do you even go to Bible.com, all right? And then just type in the word I or I for I for an I things like that. And read the New Testament versions of what Jesus says about that. Because it's actually leading up to when he says, turn the other cheek and all of these other things that all these contradictions of the Old Testament. He's using that. He says, you heard it said, and I shall be for an I, but a tooth shall be for a tooth. But I'm here to tell you, and then he goes on to contradict it. Yeah. Okay. So if he's a Christian, he can't throw out I for an I to support anything because Jesus was against it. All right. That's first of all. And second of all, the Bible don't say Jack about abortion. So he was like a for citizen says, if you commit like, you know, if you kill someone that you not the day for, like, your punishment is like your life. Right. But that's Old Testament and Jesus overturned that. So. Yeah. Even though I said that he was there, you know, that who's whoever changes one jot or one tittle shall be in danger of this and that. So he<|th|>ring to himself a lot too. Yeah. All right. Good luck to you. All right. Bye bye. Yeah. The Christian just remember just, you know, I already told him I got it out of my system. As long as it's death. As long as you can put someone to death, it's good. By the way, I like the death penalty too for what it's worth. Q. Q. I am hello. Okay. Hey, Judge. Hey, yeah. Hey, listen. I have a question for you. How do you want the program you go when you get a download an album that's like, I am 33 and to divide it up. So it's like track one track two. Well, there are a few. You can use sound for just a really good program. We use it here like time uses it for production. You can do multi track. I'll roll with that. I'll make it for sound forage. Sound forage. Sound like sound. Okay. Forage. Like the sound forage. The blacksmiths make horseshoes along. Okay. Sound forage. That's probably the best and easiest one, although they're like, like, Rocksioe, easy CD creator that has a little bit of an editor in there. Not very fancy, but you can use that split tracks up. It doesn't have the ability to fade. And sometimes when you split a track up, especially if it's a CD, the word, the one track, you know, flows into another one. Uh huh. You'll want to be able to fade one track out and sound forage. Let's you do that. Oh, cool. All right. All right. Thanks. And also let's you fade tracks in, which is equally important. Oh, awesome. Sure. First and second. Let's share this request. And then we now pitch on my Christmas list. The committee wants to consider your request. What's that? The committee will submit or your will submit or will, will, will, will consider your request. Okay. Cool. Go ahead. Submit it. I really can't like the time to add a few months ago. And I've been stuck to like finding it here the whole thing. I think it's clean. Okay. Cool. All right. Merry Christmas. I'm a gentleman for a business. Now I was going to say real quick. Now that Todd's here. I'm going to have him give you his update. Okay. Because Joe, I said, uh, we're trying to do it. We're trying to do it. We should have the update. But I don't know how to fake it. I'm funny. And George did an update. So we can get it out of there. I said, you know what to say. I don't know the thing. One right day in the middle of the night. Two dead boys got up to fight back to back to base each other. Do their swords and strategy. The death police in her annoying. Oh, okay. I'm going to do a whole update there. Well, we're going to break and he'll get the update. All right. I think I should do the real deal update. I think you should. All right. I tell you what. Maybe you should do going Howard show. Or just the first one. I mean, okay. Yeah. No, that's it. Get that all right. Oh, yeah. 18 till 21. 560 Q a n. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is Rushwin ball. So if you're a humanity, talk show host. Pemroid sufferer. Folks with over three other pounds. I know the aggrave of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you. There's a help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent repositories. Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagl to see you. Just with my picture of a box of repositories and the applicator cube. Another fine product from all IB. The obesity and broadcasting network. Did we ever get any church music in here? Remember how we were talking about back? I got to get some something spiritual like church music, organ music in here. Never did do that. No, you did. It's always good when you're reading Bible passages to have some kind of organ. Back and yeah, 14. So two on Q a m by the way. Now if you 538, I just wanted to make sure that I got the quote right for that guy. Because you know, I got it. What is it? What is it? What is it? I got to read up. Is that we have to do Josh? Read up. That's right. I want to miss quote. I especially don't want to miss quote any red ink in the Bible. You got to be perfect. Dude. You got to be perfect. Is that what you told me? That's right. Hold that thought. Hold that statement. All right. There's no room. I got to be perfect. You do. That's the second time you've been up in my head today. People are going to start to talk. Matthew 538. Jesus said. You have heard it has been said. And I for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that you resist not evil. But who's whoever shall smite the arm thy right cheek. Turn to him the other also. And if any man will sue the at the law and take away thy coat. Let him have thy cloak also. And who's whoever shall come palvi to go a mile. Go with him twain. Means double. Mark twain. All right. Give to him that ask if the and for him that borrow the do not turn on the Do not turn away. You have heard it that you have heard it. Half thou said in said. See, this is why they made up a new revised standard because all these half Thous are just way too thick. But thou shall love thy neighbor and hate thy enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies. Bless them that curse you and do good to them that hate you. This is a message for El Presidente. As he wages his so called war on terror which is fake and he's not doing anything. Except increasing terrorism but nevertheless. But maybe somebody should read Jesus as words to him and this is how you deal with people who hate you. And maybe there's reason to hate you in the first place that's not even go there girlfriend. Do good to them that hate you and pray for them which the which, Dispifiably use you and persecute you that you may be the children of your father, Which is in heaven. For he make it the sun to rise on the good and the evil and send it to the rain on the just and the unjust. For is he if he loved them which love you and reward what reward have you. Do not even the publicans. Who? The publicans the same. And if he salute your brethren only. What do you more than others? Do not even the publicans so? He's talking about like. Politicians I guess. Publicans. I better do some reading huh. And what was that line that you laid on me right before I started reading? You gotta be perfect. Be there for perfect. Even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. And that's what Jesus had to say about an eye for an eye. For that guy to go back to his friend. And throw that in his face. Stristons hate. They hate a lot. Frequently and often. And one of the things that they hate a lot is when you confront them with Jesus's words. They might be inspired. To do violence against you. For such an outrage. QAM hello. Hello. Hello. You never miss a show. Do you? Oh, think garbage every day either. Every day. You never miss a show. So why do you listen every day if it's the same crap. You're not listening. You're not listening. I'm not listening. I'm not. Bye. Bye. You're a faggot. I'm not fat. Now you're good to go. I mean, I got a little bit of a, you know, spare tire thing going on here. You don't know me. As far as the faggot business, boy. If I was, wouldn't be in the kind of jam I'm in. There's, you know, today. But all the use. Barnicles. Leach in my money in my life blood away from me. At least there's that. Remember I made that statement once in a while. At least you gay guy. You don't have to worry about bitches. The guy called up said, oh, that's where you're wrong sweetheart. You've never met a bitch. So you've met a gay bitch. I guess that's a good point. But here's another thing. So you don't have to worry about that whole. I, G, I knocked up my boyfriend. And now what? It's good. No, I mean, yeah, at least that's safe. Is he gonna, not gonna make any babies that way? Q, I am hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that previous caller, he was on to something. Let's, and I'll fairness. You do, you do it with little balls. Fuck going. I saw you in the day. I talked about it on the other time. You didn't see me. I know, right? You know, you started to say that, you know, you don't spray your balls. I don't spray my balls. What do you do? I'm a occasional cat sprays like ball start. And I'm, you know, I don't need to have to be laying down on the ground, then. George, I just want to do extend of season's greetings. And I hope that when you do decide to come out, use your shirt with everybody in the old lady. Don't you know, you don't have to be right. You got fancies, do you? You've been, you've been, you've been your boy. I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit. So listen to your voice. Right. Listen to your voice. Okay. You're not going to be right. Yeah. Me. You're not going to be right. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What's up? My name is Aranya. You are on the right now. Cotton Candy was a movie back in the 1980s. Awful. It was about a band set probably 82 go up on Tuesdays of the... I'm going to go to the point where... I was going to see if you'd watch it roller-bubby. Oh, it was awful. And one other thing, I had two prunes last night at 10 o'clock. I am still gassy. I'm still breakin' stinky, too, so all day. It's great. So if anybody out there enjoyed it, two prunes, I'll do it. I'd normally, I'd strike up the band and play some sound effects for you, and those were the good old days. QA and the love. Come on in, can you? Hello. Hello. Sure. Yeah. That gay guy on the radio show. All these guy here, right? How many hands out there jealous of your George? That's why they keep out of you, man. It wouldn't be. It's delicate. I think some of my income versus outgo lines, they wouldn't be jealous. I just wanted that word of law. I'm getting out of here, stop, Florida. Oh, what key you? Oh, time for the holidays? Yeah. Unfortunately, it's just for that. I know I'm not going to want to come back home. I'm going back to my country. Chicago. I see. And yeah, I'm looking forward to it, getting out of here, and I'm going to be leaving. Thursday. I'll be listening to you, hoping you're my place and good stuff between 10 and 11. It'll probably be fading out at about 11. I'll be up near date, so on and then. All right. But say so on George. Appreciate it. Happy holidays. Try not to work you down, but somehow I think we might. 8 till 2 on 560, WQAM. If there was a law, we'd be against it. 8 8 Well, don't rest a new movie from the summer of 63. If the story of two ranch hands, you are called the morning. We're back up as a lay. And you'll never be quite the same. You'll be troubled, be. Because there's a tale of the truth, dropping. There's more death with pain and the harm. We don't see a man like them. I'm not so ashamed. Cause there's two cake-out boys. You're right. If there's a rain outside, If there were heaven, won't let's go to fight. Every night, you have a two cake-out boys. I'm going to have a hairy bath. I'll best be with you all with that. No, of course not. 2 till 2 560, WQAM, Howard David coming up next, Goldie at 4 Curtis, 7 o'clock Ed Kaplan. At 10, the replacements I heard of that movie. Did you ever see it, Josh? Somebody, you're a fact, didn't you? Did you hear about a band with great music? Did you replace this? Was it good? Oh wait, I'm thinking of a different replacements, then. Okay. Cause there were placements. I know is a Keanu Reeves football movie. Alright. Maybe we'll get a second opinion on that. So I did some reading. I got our Christian fact checker said that I should, and I looked up publicans. Oh yeah. Yeah. Running a word and knowing a publican was a tax collector of sorts that worked for the occupying Roman forces in the Middle East at the time in the occupied territories. Alright. And as such, they were hated by the locals. Many of them were corrupt and despised and maligned. When you hear references to tax collectors or publicans in the Bible, they're talking about them. And Jesus was given a hard time by the Pharisees as sadgesies because he actually associated with known publicans. And one of the apostles, Matthew, specifically, was a former publican before he gave up his job to follow Jesus there. Do you feel better now? Well, out there. A publican, you know, hated and maligned. And these days we have Republicans. Good people, solid people. Well, got that third burger, Lindsey Graham anyway. One of the stories that we posted yesterday, it should be up there today, has excerpts of his appearance on Meet the Presver, whatever Sunday show he was on, where he was saying that he doesn't know of any law that gives the President the authority to spy on his own people. And then he expanded from there. He just went on, read all about it on the O'Rodges.com. But on that poll, please get the hits for no other reason because there's no other reason. What do you believe about Jesus, 744 votes right now? He existed, but was not divine, 229. Don't care, 113 tied with, don't know, 113. What the Bible says, I believe what the Bible says, 104 people, 14.7% of the audience say that. I hate this poll, 73. He did not exist at all 41. And he was several different people, 31 people say that. It's two o'clock. Howard David Next.