We are the store. Carl, you're on QAIN. Ooh, I like that guy. So, more likes to gargle or that's good. I'm glad you like somebody. How are you? I'm doing great. I had a fine evening at Woodline yesterday. Come on, I had a fairly good amount. Wonderful. Yes. After starting out really bad. That's always been when you went after a bad start. You're making nice comeback. You go home about the little bit of grand ahead. That's not bad. Yeah, I mean, I've been working on it for a long time. I'm glad I did it. I want to find a good machine, man. And the good news is, six months. Lots and so on, Florida. How do you like that? Yeah, the bad news is the tax is going to be 50%. Well, you know, something that's there problem. Yeah. And he's a per mutual. They're still going to get there. Five to 10%. That's, you know, somewhere in that neighborhood. Well, that's the money that we'll go for, uh, uh, versus in the breeding industry. Right. I'm good with that. Yeah, as long as the first money is there. I got news for it. They got a license to steal. Anybody that's, uh, running these places. Go let them, uh, crying your shoulder. Roll them full of you. No. Oh, G 50%. I, I wouldn't mind taking, uh, 10% of whatever is going to go through there. What do you say? I want to split it. I think it's only one state. I country that's higher. And that's how you earn it. Yeah. Yeah. But, uh, not I'll split it with you. Yeah. Five percent of peace sounds. Who tend to like to implement this little frosting on the cake. How about this, Neil? I was looking at, I said this earlier about the marlins. They're payroll. If you take away, they have one more guy to trade. Uh, who's that? It's a loan, a relief pitcher. Dave, a balloon? Yeah. I said he might be on fire. Meadows. No, not the Empire. I'm talking about the Ernest Rapper. Dave, a balloon. Uh, any balloon the Empire is? Yeah. But anyway. Yes. Anyway, uh, balloon who earns two million. He's the next to go. And then they will have swept out everybody. Right. And they will have one salary to pay a four million dollars. And that will be the Don Trail. And Cabrera gets four 75. And everybody else on the roster gets three hundred thirty thousand dollars. So the bookkeeping becomes very easy. They're right to say and check to everybody. Um, three hundred and thirty thousand. That's, that's pay. We're going to be about eight million. Uh, thirteen. Ha ha ha. That's a, you know, I was from 66 million to thirteen. Yeah. That's not much of a cut. That's thirty. That's three hundred and thirty. That's less than what our tour clock guy makes. And the best part of the, I just appreciate it. You're, you're, you're, you're hopeless, man. You're incorrigible. You're like, pex bad boy. Yes. That's me. Any hassle. Here it is. Just before Christmas. Just before Chinooka, man. He just trying so desperately to get a little Peabal action there. And then Barry, I actually like to have some of what Barry wrote today, which is shocking. Although he then, of course, he goes on his puppies. I think we need to find out if Barry's on the payroll across the street. I think he's a total pimped. The tag. Yeah. Just like the tag. Yeah. Well, anybody who talks to him. Yeah. No, that's pretty much sure. Well, that's both of them. Certainly in this guy. Whoever will speak to them. But, uh, all in speaking to your friend Tom Jika, if you read his, What's the big of him? You will vomit. What we're talking about newspaper guys, who are you hanging out with the track. If you read his comedy, about Fox News and Alan Colms, Oh, Tom's true right wing colors comes through shining loud and clear, man. About Fox News and only conservatives. And Alan Colms is this. And now again, adding here, Tom, you're an idiot man. You're a little Nazi. In fact, if you see him who's stepping toward the railing, they're just just give a little shove. But he is. Right. When he is a real right wing, uh, little Nazi. He's probably still, uh, planning to vote for Bush again, even though he can't run again. Anyway, Barry says you Marlon people, take it your money back. You know, where you got that from? You. Yesterday, I had a call about that. Well, he, at least he listens anyway. Yeah, thank you, Barry. And, uh, hey, Barry, listen, don't forget to say what's today. So, you know, I say if you put it in the next repeen of butter and jelly in there for it. The Marlon is what we've heard earlier this in a race single game ticket prices for next season. I mean, that is just absolutely unacceptable. It's outrageous. In other words, here we're going to put what amounts to a minor league team on the field. And if you already bought your tickets, you know, this is puts them in. They're talking about, they won't say how many tickets they sold season tickets for next year. But Samson claims that we knew it right has been high. Yeah, right. They sold nearly 10,000 for this, uh, past season. But there were average attendance ranked 20th and the major leagues had about a Tampa Bay in Kansas City. What does that tell you? Even though they had a good season and we're lucky to have a vine for the right to take it to the right. They sold last year when you, if you wanted that beyond the, if you wanted to retain your seat for the playoffs, then you had to also buy season tickets for this year. Right. And that's what that's what I'm saying. All those people that renewed, they expected it would be with pretty much the same team or maybe an improved team. They certainly weren't paying money to buy a minor league team. This is just unbelievable. And then the Panthers lose in 15.8 seconds left in the game. Last night after making a nice comeback and they wind up losing again. The state of sports in South Florida is not good. And this Sunday it's going to be really ugly in San Diego. I'm going to say that right now. It is going to be ugly, man. So I should pick the charges. You're not picking the charges. What's the spread? 14. Oh, wow. Yeah, I'd still go with the charges. I don't think so. I wouldn't do anything. I certainly wouldn't take the dolphins. No. And all the glory of being because of Buffalo pulled him up like an according to good news. His Gus is back. Gus is all healed up already to go. What do you say? Oh, no. Come on. Be a sport. I like Gus's comment. You know what he said about, oh, well, you know, it's, uh, this, I've been in every position. And that's the way it goes. You know, sage was great in the fourth quarter, but the starter always gets his job back. Oh, is that what he said? That's really sharp. I think his wife gets very upset. She'll cancel the radio station of description. She already canceled the Sun Sentinel. So, very uptight. Sun's always immunized me. These people are uptight because they get criticized down here. It's to go with a territory on a year husband's, you know, professional athlete or at least close to it. Sun Sentinel. No, that's a form of editorial today. Who did Sun Sentinel about, uh, you know, somebody, nobody points out the truth about the sole baseball business. You really think they're going to San Antonio. If there's a chance in a world that's happening, let me give you two answers. Okay, number one, I don't know. Number two, I could cure less. Let me tell you something. San Antonio has a better chance of winning me all along back. They have a better chance of getting the, the Saints. No, no. Then the, then the Marlins. I don't think that's going to happen either. I said they have a better chance of getting a, no chance of that. Yeah. Where the Saints going to wind up? Probably back in the world. You think they're going to play a couple games there next year from what they're saying. Well, I think it's still, did you see nothing still? I say it'll be ready by the end of next week. Wow. Yeah, that's what they say. Man. So where are the Marlins going to go? They're not going anywhere. They got to do something. They're going to stay here. Stayed here and play where? Go have a stadium. It's going to happen. Get out of here. Wayne will save the day. Ha ha ha ha. You sure turned around on Wayne, man. No, he is a one thing you can't knock about him. He knows how to make money. You always make money for his part. Why is this that why is it the last decade or so? Everything he touches turns to a manure, huh? He used to have the minus touch. Now it's turned around and reversed. And everything he touches turns to a big pile of smelly manure. Well, he made my, he's made so easy. He did a ton of Alan Cohen pretty good. They were that panther. Yeah, he got out of that at the right time. I think that the public to build a net arena there, which there was no justification for in the first place. Yep. They cost him nothing. Right. And auto nation did okay. Then he's got this nice scan there at the estate. And where he's got all the sky box revenue. And he got a blockbuster at the right time. Right. He's going to happen to blockbuster park by the way. Remember that promise? Never did that. But. Well, blockbuster parker going to have that big stadium and domes stadium and the Olympics and all this other stuff. But it would, but it was just a little shy student. That's all. All these people are. Because one tries to after another. Well, look at Trump. I mean, what? One of the reasons to Trump is still as rich as he is is because he gets out of things at the right time. Is that it? Yep. How can you be in the casino business and lose money? Even, even, low green was a little bit nervous about that. You think I'm skipping off the top, Mike? Huh? Well, Atlantic City might be it. We even in the Atlantic City be right. I'll lose money. Yeah. How can you lose money in a casino business? And it's like, like, again, like a license to steal. Do you know who I am? I'm low green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleader. There you go. Why don't you go get him a size, Mom? Hey, Mom, nice glasses. Oh. Well, he used to be anyway. I like he puts the glasses on so we can see who it is that came in the dirt. It's just, it's just another example of how perfect that movie is. Every scene, every word of dialogue is just so carefully done. This is the fabulous. Yep. You know, we're deciding you saw him on. Oh, no. You don't worry. You don't worry. No glasses anyways. Not that one. No. C'mon, don't be a start picking on Moe. I ain't saying any. I saw that Moe green. Where's our follow up on the big lunch that took place supposedly. I finally was able to wheeze a little bit of information to lunch did take place. You know what they had? Succi. No, lame duck. No. Oh, no. Oh, that's bad. You are brutal. I wonder hates you like poison. I think that he and I've got like a love fest compared with your relationship with two. Yeah. And I think that I think that two you get along well compared with him and guilty. Wow. We have taken that hole in the past, you know, who hates the most. But I just, I don't think anybody can touch him and guilty man. Every time I'd be in the station and guilty, A, become out of the bathroom and it does stop me in a hall. I can't stand another day. I can't have that man. Just a psychotic hysterical. But beast was up there too. And I noticed by the way, guilty's got at least Fats. He's recorded spots on the station. Those of us who are on the air, we got like a minimum number of exposures anymore. But guilty's all over the place. That's just amazing to me. He's squeaking his way to the top. I would like to hear his call on that winning goal last night. I've actually got it. We must have it. Oh, he's still caught. If he's still calling the other team's goals like he didn't at least came. What is it? We have it. You want to hear it? You got it? Mark the door. Size the clear and pass. The Donald's behind me. That out in front of me, score. Yeah, right. Did that go as the goal? It's not acceptable. This is a winning goal. The second left in the game. You can't do that, guilty. That's not acceptable. Sitting at 50 stars, leading the world. Sounds like it. I don't know. I don't know. You're in a more than that. I'm sorry. I'm not going to be like a walk on him, but I will anyway. The job of a play by a play guy is you know. It's to make the game exciting. It's to give people a reason to want to come to the games. Okay? I mean, if they leave him doing the games the rest of the season by the last game of the season, they're going to be six people in the arena. Most of them will be on the team. Jesus, guilty. That's not acceptable. Sounds like he had it. That's not acceptable. Sounds like he had it. Sounds like he had it. Yeah, exactly. Like a race-adown. He's a great player. I believe this, Neil. Yes. I'll tell you this. I did the dolphin games for 15 years. I know that. Never be bare-o. Yeah. Never bet one. Yeah. Never bet a game. I want to say it. Because I didn't want to do that. Well, that's because you were hanging out with Pete Rose. Whenever I bet on baseball, I never bet on Cincinnati. I didn't say I didn't bet. I never bet on the dolphin games. Yeah. Because you didn't want to sound like a little hysterical again. Give it away. Exactly. See, that's why I could never bet on ball games because being I guess I'm just stupid, but I am a really a fan. So whether it's a hockey game or a football game, if I'm watching the game, I'm already stressed out as it is. Now, if I had a big bet on the game, I probably have a corner. I couldn't handle that. I like enjoying the game, even though there's a stress factor. But if I had a cash of bet, I just, I couldn't handle it. I just wouldn't enjoy it. I don't like that. So you don't enjoy a race? Yeah, but a race-adown for like a... Twice. You couldn't stand a three hours of it. Yeah. Exactly. How long does a race last? About a minute and 20. Yeah, something like that. Harness racing, about minute and 55, whatever it is, something like that. Depending. Unless they got the oresown, it's a little bit slower. Well, there it goes. That's segment. By the way, do you know the angel's name and a wonderful life? You know, the Christmas movie that I always say movie for paid me about a second? I'm just, I'm not into the other word. That's the movie for Goiam. Okay, who, what's the angel's name? Clarence. Not really. Well, he, he looks really angelic to us. Yes. And I say that custom. I was paid a clearance. Oh, he's our angel. And that's the reason I said that. Tomorrow's, I, yeah. I thought it was, let's say I thought it was JT snow, who never took a giant. He was an angel. Yeah, that was an exciting year. Yes, it was. When the angel's blew up there in the end, but they had a big year that year. And you know, Ken Wilson used to do the angel's games back then. He's really good. I remember when Joe Torrey did the angel games. Well, I don't want to hear about that. He was good. Do you play by play? Yeah. Joe Torrey did play by play. Well, I'm speaking to that. Well, I know what you're doing. Listen, speaking of Barry and his column here is the thing about booge. I'm in shock. I mean, what are we going to do about the booster? This man is off his rocker. I don't know how you turned down New York. I mean, let me ask you this. If you, you grew up in New York. If you were a big Yankee fan. And they said, Hank, we want you to be the play by play voice of the York Yankees. Yeah. Wouldn't you be the play by play? How much do you want from me? You're right. Wouldn't you be the play by play by play? That would be the same. The way it's your bowl and just had a heart attack for a bit. We want you to broadcast the Maple Leaf games. How long do you think before I be done with the air can of the center? Yeah. I mean, unless they ask them to do it for nothing, I don't understand. Yeah, that's just to this. I think he doesn't want me to be done with that. There's something really, really interesting there. Those two have become joined if they live hip. Well, you have a nice day. And then I find out that your buddy Jimmy Syphilis filled in yesterday for that contrived controversy that's only below me as publicity stunt they pulled. And every New York that well boys, nice going Joel, you idiot. Now you have a great day too and I'll lose too much. I've tried. Ask them a young. You too. He fans, you're my me here releasing a limited supply and previously helped seek for sale of the general public tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections. tickets go on sale Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10. It's a good day. It's a good day. It's a good day. It's a good day. What would you rather do to do a few games on ESPN and sit on over there with Dan LeBastard and the juice? Mix, check out ticketmaster.com or any ticketmaster location. He fans, Mark your calendars for Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. This is the day individual game tickets go on sale for all heat home games. This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad with Jack. He. Keep waiting. What? It'sague. Lets get in Gary's Peyton going up, man. They get smashed. Another. Train monkey. Now it's until he's in. których window. Hurry M Montreal Hello. Thank you. I'm aбоmarti market which I work against. A rotary axe. spot. A rotary axe. We scream at squad dance child. No, this box is out there. That's why we're all alive. I'm a hero, I can see the machine. I'm a hero, I can see the machine. We don't know when it's in work, Old Michaels, we don't know how. Don't brush our teeth, don't come out here. We don't even wear clothes. We don't know when you're alive. Don't make your queen see it. We're not by my fox and skull. I'm a puppy here, I'm a sushi, I'm a big eater, I'm a swear, I'm a pig. Listen, no man or tellou ho ho, we just will to drop crawls. That has shocked me so much, Love for till and freak away fat. Little's dear, I'm a sushi, The monkey who will be here, I won't be어� this ollut. They will and want to be a dog that can't afford are cowphorous valley, And we like it and we varne that things you've saved And conflict is the same rock It'll work… You know even George really got more excited. You wouldn't be wondering what happened. I'll just catch that check again. 10. 15. I got to do the break because we're way behind Hank D'Hompard. I knew. I was a good line. We had about whatever hell it was. But what? The lame duck. That was special. Hey, the truth is when you dare to compare, you'll see why Ford is the best-selling brand of vehicles in the USA. And so, for the only Ford he knew the shop had his Armstrong Ford home stood. Now the holidays are here. Maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane. Or maybe you just want a great new ride for the holidays in a long time to come. When I was the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich, and let David put your ass behind the wheel of the new Armstrong Ford. Right now, Armstrong Ford home stood. They got great offers and incentives waiting for you. Get yourself a thousand dollars cash back. Or financing his lowest zero percent of the Ford 500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cash back on his floor or expedition. How about $2,000 cash back on a skate and $25,000 cash back on focus. Or services apply. When you buy a Ford for Armstrong Ford, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program to on top of all the things. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford home stood. Will guarantee you the best price and like I tell you every single day. Because this is a locally owned and operated shop. They want to make you a customer for life. So they'll treat you great just like family. No bait and switch. No poll need deals. You won't get a better price on a Ford anywhere. So call David Rich at 305 247 51 12 and tell David you want the needle deal. That's at Armstrong Ford home to needle find them at 307 25 South Dixie Highway. 20 easy minutes that easy minutes south to 836. Check them on the web Armstrong cars that come in and grab just a few miles extra to save yourself a lot of cash. Thousands at Armstrong Ford of home stood. This is meal rotters. This is by 16. A pretty good day. I'm just astonished. I'm almost speechless after her and I'm sorry I asked you here. Even Josh Curtis never heard anything that dull and he works with David and boring. That was even a thousand times worse than and the marlins win the world series. Let's go to lunch. Anyway for the full day before we get to the yesterday and all this other stuff. Somebody says the JFK assassination. I assume it's a thing. I mean I hear the only thing that I hear is. Time back in front. That's what I assume that. But the problem is we got the ablaken assassination and they will you make him a assassination. And the assassination of intent on Reagan and on Truman and Roosevelt. So, huh? That's a good part. And two attempts and two were forward by the way. What was the one who was she was when I'm answering the lady friends? What was her name? Susan squeaky. Squeaky from. Yeah. Very good. Squeaky. I was keeping a gilding. There you go. Squeaky. See how this all ties together. I just got through playing it for the first time a long time. First day thought it was the murmur song. Then they realized it was the gildy song. Somebody better sit that child down and explain to him how your broadcast is sporting event. That's just it's the moralizing to me. Panthers that the whole assand was a shark tonight. Let's hope that a little bit more enthusiasm there no matter what the outcome. See it's one thing to have like excitement for your team no matter how much they're home or you are, which is fine. But you have to have like a little pain to excitement for the other team. Especially when it comes with after the tremendous comeback and just a few seconds left in a game. And the crowd is going crazy and you're like, Edge is just I just can't believe I'm sitting here. So what do we want to do to we want to put all these assassinations on there or just the JFK assassination with all do we expect to get one for? I don't know. That's definitely a monorail right. Because that was that you know that well I don't want to go into a conjecture because we don't know what it was for sure. We all have our opinions. Anyway, Barry says all you Marlin's ticket holders of their crying foul man foul ball. That's David Samson for you. One of the worst foul balls ever to come down the pike. And he says if you're a Marlin season ticket, well I don't want to do that yet. Okay. I still can't believe the boaster thing. And then the legislative year allows 6000 slot machines in the four per mutuals in bar by the mid 2006. Let's hear it. Oh right. Yeah. And they'll be voting on that today. And I think you know, you never say never. I mean, never say that they're couldn't possibly be last minute glitch, but I don't think that's going to happen. I just have a feeling. I guess we got to do this go. The good news from Iraq first. Okay. Okay. This business about bushes, uh, popularity, when he's went up a little bit because the economy is doing so good. You know, the American people need to be spanked. There are a lot of people out there need a good spanking. Talk about selfish in it. As long as I got mine, I don't care about anybody else. And so there's innocent people dying. And he's like, you know, and, you know, we're torturing us in people and spiriting them away and stuff like that. And we got all these crooks in Congress running around us to play in fast and loose with our money. Ah, who cares about that? So the latest pool or OG went up a little bit, yeah, but we went up like Joel went up. Oh, yeah, that's how much you went up. A suicide bomber who jumped on a bus and for security checks have been completely completed, detonated an explosive belt among passengers heading to a Shiite city today, killing up to 30 people. Not totally nearly 40 officials said. Most of those killed were on the bus, which was gutted by flames, but several people gathered around nearby food stall also were killed. Hospital officials said at least 37 were injured as well. So that's just more good news from Iraq and those are all people who are dead today or badly injured, mean for life missing limbs and eyes and private parts, all of these things because of the illegal or architect. And absolutely no basis. And the Democrats ought to be screaming, don't give us this baloney about, you know, withdraw. The fact that a matter is that you lie to get us in there, you ought to be in peace and you have no plan to get us out. And put the honest where belongs on him and says, opposed to saying, Oh, well, we better see before we start calling for media withdrawal. If that's got to fly politically and ramen manual says this, and Hillary says that you guys are a bunch of whimsman, you suck. You suck, by the way, John Lennon died the 25 years ago today. And yesterday I was, let's see, yesterday it was the day that it lived in for me. And then they before that even more in for me because Georgian alien were born on that day. So we got three day payroll. Biggest stuff going on. Don't forget, though. Yes. I'm the baby Jesus. You're a George as a baby Jesus, but never let's say you know John Lennon. Right. Because if he were, you know what he'd be dead. Although the baby Jesus is dead too, I guess, but he'll have become a back one these days when he released his faked look after the baby. Not good on the door. There he is. That's a baby Jesus out there. Or maybe it's the Virgin Mary over there. I'm excited to be bank building. Oh, speaking of that, if you didn't see his C self park, watch it this weekend. Okay. How they're not going to get boy-tied by all the Catholics in the world. I don't know. Oh, I'm good for them. I sure absolutely love them. I'm a vegetarian. I'm a pups and a lot. Well, I gotta be careful about what's, uh, yeah, yeah. Which ones? I listen to a mallet the day just to make sure that I don't, uh, I mean like, Prince, paper, please me. Yeah, some of these are like, you go to hell and you die. No problem. I put the one with a good bleep. No, which one was that? They're all good. No, they're not. Don't feel that hurt. I was that. Yeah. No, they're not all. Well, what was the one with a good bleep? I think it was pretty sweet. Well, let's see. Okay, this is pretty fucked up right here. Yeah, that's okay. You're right. The bleep's in there are pretty good. They're completely, but I'm not pushing. I'm not pushing it. Okay. They were pushing it last night. I bet they were. Excuse me, but I do believe that's just as. I'll write you a dance last night. I bet it did. Well, I'll be sure to ask around and find out where it is. It'll be on my comedy over the weekend, right, too. I'll check with my guy. You'll, you'll shut up here. Here's that schedule coming up. We got to mole my story to the sacked it on the mole man who had his big suit. He lunch with Greg last week and maybe just maybe we'll find something up. But I doubt it. Because now everybody has tight lips and tight butt in this place now. Nowadays, all kinds of stories going around, but I'm. But I'm. But I like that bit. We've tight. I like that. A lot of, uh, looks moving, but not any, uh, not any. Verbiage. Maddog is similar to hard rock today for three solid hours. A tough day for the man from so little. Len and Troy. It's seven o'clock tonight. Len Martha is she Troy always goes on here like you said with Lenny to make himself sound much better. Panther preview at 10. Why so late? Cause they're on a west coast. Pants is at the San Jose Sharks in the Shark Tank. At 10th or even 9. Believe me, the later plane late. They look like they're in the tank already. Any K after the hockey game. He shoots. He scores. He's. He's. He's. He's. Five. 16. He's. Holy. Oh, this is still going the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. TV show that sweeping the nation. This week on this baby would worth a hike and see the Turner. Damn, enemy. This is Dan with K. What do you guys want to miss K? I mean, I'm good. Baby. Me. I'm good. That's not. I'm good. Come on. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. You can't get away from me. I'm good. And the man. You want to go ahead and make the K to see where the hell you can ask that. I want to play that all day long. Seattle today is going to go back into Bolton. Final cancer really good. He's between 90 and the year. Good. Haven't heard that in a long, long time. In a possum's age. Here's a facts again. Follow up to yesterday. Chronic Facts. We're not even listening right now because he's in Jersey and has to listen on the archives after the show. OG and Sid came on. He even stayed there for other radio stations and he awanders to insinuate their feud. Was contract for publicity was ludicrous. You know what that tells me? What? It was contract for publicity. They stayed there that they're not that clever. Something I believe you said yesterday. Yes, I did. They said they need to remember that they just entertained an audience. But that boys will be boys. They really wanted to fight. Boys will be boys. Give me a break. Okay. Yeah. We're in a real guy. We're going to go out and park and let him do it out. Say. Then they joked about it a little bit. Move on. But you can see that this may have touched the nerve of an audience. It's largely made up of former New Yorkers. The truth may be that their listeners and callers that won't mind less mind me talk and more New York sports talk. But the problem with this fact is you assume that they really have what you call an audience. I think that a chair doesn't indicate to me much of an audience. People who could jam into a phone booth and have room left over. By the way, it says it's my office network that blocks your website's live stream. So I miss out on Hank. But allow us to have a 90 to come in and I'm in Jersey. So go figure. Wait. I hear your show even on delay by the archives. It says here. Which I think what they're trying to say is. I have no right. Right. Man, if you're listening to this, listen, that's will online the lesson Jersey. You have a life, get a life baby. Oh, paper jam on his back. Oh no. Hit it. Jim. Come on. Okay. Here's the next facts. So sorry if this comes through twice. Had error the first time. That probably is what messed up my thanks machine. Or what was the comment? Oh look who it's from. That's over. Well, I don't want to read their name on here. Even though the last name is fine, break. It says my husband and I tune in yesterday to be sure you'd be running with Moist groin and driven over here. I don't know what they're saying. This is what cracks me up. I don't listen to the radio station. Okay. I might hear like the first 30 seconds. If I'm sitting in here. How many seconds? I'm sitting in a little Sunday. And that's after the show. But generally speaking, I run out the door. Either the lunch or the dinner. I'm just going to get on here. I'm going to get on here. I'm going to get on here. I'm sure I'm not sitting in a relaxing radio station. Did you hear it? Anybody tell you about Moisture on Tuesday? No. You've explained that he had a groin injury from power walking at 5 miles an hour. And every time he took a phone call to call asked how he is he was spotted with. I have a groin injury. I have a pain in my groin. We're absolutely dying. Says this, so, fracture. We talked for sure. Booker would have done a bit on immediately. Just like the Jackie Robinson bit. Which has to be Adi Adi Adi. I love you. Susie and Western. Oh, sound foul cones. They're all good. Susie and Western. Oh, sound foul cones neighbor. Remember sound foul cone from a water? I don't want to say Sally. Yeah. Anyway, thank you. Water is the best. What is it? I said bring us some water. He's not. I don't know more. That's why we don't get into water. If we say I had water for us, he'd be there in a heartbeat. It's a good guy. But anyway, I think, I think it's good to take up a hobby like knitting would be there. Okay, although we do want you to listen to the Moisture. I think this is a QM. You want to sleep. 24. 47. A lot of people out there really need a hobby. Okay, here's our pull from yesterday. How many votes did we wind up? But, for 1682. Other than Godfather and Godfather too, what movie has the most sensational acting performances? CoCo's nest wins hands down. Let all away from start to finish. Just like Seattle's slew. 264. Char Shank Redemption. 163. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. You're fair. 135. Charface 106. Good fellows 100. CoL had more zits, Rayliota or manual anoria. Oh, close. Let's see them together. Apocalypse now 90. To kill a mockingbird and network each had 74. Dr. Strange gloves. 67. That was Dix Stewart played first base for the pirates. That was his nickname for Bob Prince. Dr. Strange. But why do I tell you ain't no Bob Prince? You ain't no Mike Languille. You even know Jeff Rimmer. You ain't even know. It makes you long for Chris Moron. That's how bad he is. That's I can't. I want to vomit. Mr. Griver 52. Saving Pride Ryan 47. Shindler's list 46. Gone with the wind and the excess is 35. The King I'm muting 32. Requiem for Dream 31. Young Frankenstein had. On the waterfront 29. 12. Angry men 28. 28. Imrmended and get any. Great Santini 25. Monsters balls 24. Gaines of New York head 24. Magnolia 22. Brody afternoon. I'm dying on the air. 20. Training the 18. D'Orburn 17. China pound 16. Easy rider 15. Sunset pull of our brigorias Shronson 11. And ensuring Kennedy LeMois Frank Snotra, who was actually good and that will be great. 11. The African Queen Johnny McRus head nine. Mulal Rooge head nine. Donny Bransco 7. We are window had six once upon a time in a west five. Happiness five done in Darko full. There he goes. Got it? Skydoncy donny Darko huh? Not yet but I will. No. I'll say it to you. Not off before the end. Yeah, don't watch the ending. I'm the friend. He dies. 5. 6. I got a lot of stuff to do here today. What? No, you don't have to waste your time right exactly. When he knows he's going to die to hold movie and then he does. And let's see like, ah, that's his it. Uh oh. Huh? What is that? What? Pull it back in four years and when these provisions expire, if it's in fact they feel they're going too far. This must be the take. Charter leader Roy Brown telling me that he believes is a big victory for a public in leaders. Because this now gives them an opportunity to protect the American people. They were very concerned about these provisions. Oh, several measures of pay to that were sent to his fire soon, but now we ought to with sparkers. They're going to be really just been renewed again by your right wing Congress, excellent. So start do stepping right now and make sure you lock all the doors real tight. WQAM Hello. First call of the day in hello. Hello, Neil wonderful. I like I say I'm a short one too. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Hey, you know it's so funny. This whole when are we going to get out of a rack thing? Yeah, it's real funny. I'm a couple of the guy yesterday. It's pretty funny too. All the people are going to blown up. They keep talking about the exercise. There is no exercise. They're going to be there forever. We're closing the bases of Saudi Arabia, which will sum up one of us to do. Correct? Do you want to know that of there? Yeah. What's the question? What's the question? What do you want to be? What do you want to be? Let me ask you this question. Where is he? No one cares. No one cares. The guy who cares. He's probably living in Saudi Arabia. There's else else, else our carry and all, uh, gold steam, all these other else. By the way, I finally decided that my old age, I'm becoming a gold steam. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah. Yeah, that's me. I am becoming a gold steam. Not quite as perverted all while working on it. We need to like a next car from a tricky out of me. Yeah, I'm going to put on my schmata, my burka and my schmata. Around my head. I was thinking about that. It wouldn't be that bad. It's not. If I would have put my schmata on. Well, I should have a nice scarf and I will scarf and you need it up here. You laugh all the way. I don't like all the kind. I need OG's schmata. It's a very important tool. It's a sunny, beautiful day and man. It is colder than a witches behind. It is freezing over here. But no snow, not one flake. Buffalo got a foot yesterday. What I'm telling about Buffalo sucks. Buffalo got a foot of snow and a southern tier. I should talk about counties and like down there by the pew and there are those places. Uh, and two feet. Two feet of snow. Better than the nuss. WQA and hello. QAM. Yeah. Feel it. Got room for a shameless request. Navy. Police got my part. Police got my part. That's a good one for the Christmas season. Okay. It's best it. It is festive. Number of festive? So anyway, you're Marlon ticket holders. I mean, what is there to say about this? And of course, the same thing with the broadcast rights. I mean, we have Marlon's rights, I guess, for next this coming season. Right, Jai? Yes, we do. Well, I'm, and I heard, Rumlon's already that Greg says this and Greg says that. And that'll be put a loop in the beastly. The measly beast. Why would you want to pay the full, but this is just like what happened. Well, Wayne had to fire say, well, I would say much worse. Much worse. I mean, they're just nothing everybody. Yes. Pierre, wasn't Pierre last one to go yesterday. That's right. So far. So just like almost nobody left. There's like maybe, you know, two, three guys. You're going to know from the team last year. And everybody else has gone. And the Don 12 can't picture me day. Lifetime, I checked. So I just don't know what these people are thinking about. Yeah, if we screw all of the fans, I mean, you can't complain about their public relations here, because they don't have any. This is New Roger. This is by 16. A. Who the hell are the Barlitz? Oh, right. Police got mad. What the fuck are you? Police got mad. Police got mad. Police got mad. Who is in high-hat? Why the fuck? Police got mad. Police got mad. But that's all right with me. It's because it was frail without a while. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, but they're so useless for us. Oh, let's my life. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to waste them America I want to waste them America This father's talking all of my past Police can make fun Police can make fun Police can make fun Take them to skate it all like I Police can make fun Police can make fun Police can make fun Take them to skate it all like I Police I want to waste them America I want to waste them America I want to waste them America I want to waste them America All of my past I'm very ex-ness. Happy to notice. Happy generic crap to all you folks. It's just so stupid, you know? What's America's most shameful event? That's our poll question today. They didn't get under until early late last night till I got home from a plunger my gut's out and a very nice success for evening. She's always been to talk about when you win as opposed to most of the time when you lose your ass. 600 and 77 votes under so far. That's not too bad. We got a shot at a thousand a day and spite of our late start. Don't we? Right? We got a shot. What do you think? Jimmy? Jimmy said we got a shot and with Farad. I said I'm like give Sandy a little head start start to show a sense of humor. Start gust on Sunday. What do you say Josh? No, give it a shot with Gus Farad Oh, no, you just have not been to the bus. Played it off in the season or they already did they beat them. Yes, they already did. They already beat them. And the papers already didn't they beat them but they've time again last game up there. What's America's most shameful event? slavery 151. When's that gonna end? They fixed 2000 election month 38. Massacre of the Indians 130. 100 and what? But third man. The invasion of Iraq 121. I voted by the way for the massacre of the Indians. You two are five voted for when your fighting guys with bows and arrows and you guys Don't it's not exactly what you call a good man. Let's mention disease blankets. Oh, now is the low blow. Invasion of Iraq 121 the Clinton impeachment 39 see the big drop off from the big for there. Clinton impeachment 39 segregation 33 Who did more? I'm sorry a civil war civil war 17 Vietnam war 15 58,000 young people came back and body bags and it's like oh, well You guys suck Bay of Pigs Fiasco 9 the McCarthy witch hunts six invasion of a Haiti five Watergate five Iran counter five Anybody remember that? Reagan forgot he's saying a witch trials two invasion of grenade a one an invasive Panama out of six hundred eighty six votes is got We don't got too many pandemics. Let's not there today And we got a lot of people out there. We don't like to complexion of that whole thing anyway speaking of Noriega or he had a nasty case him and James Woods in the Wayne and the Ray Leota It's as it fest So anyway the marlins will not give you a money back if you already got sucked into buying season tickets They also won't reverse the raise of the single game ticket price for an exterior Which means is we'll walk up crowds gonna be invisible and Let's see again in the very jackass column here. They're all these different people Season ticket orders. They talk about the field class action suit against Wayne money and his big fire sale after the 97 world serious And the courts threw those out And about certain fans like Richard Crowell wrote to the marlins saying a yati adiati yati yati you're not existing Prajjimmy a product that existed anymore And I'm gonna get my credit card company to cancel the yada the marlins will allow season ticket orders to speak with Sam sin and general manager Larry Beanstock And a party at six p.m. Tuesday, it's often seen him a party it'll be more like a wake party my ass The event was scheduled two months ago. It was not a response to fans backlash Marlin spokesman PJ lawyer yellow said Gordon said he wants to listen about Santa and S. to say before decided whether for sui legal action Who's Gordon he's one of these people quoted in here So there you go that takes sure that the marlins again like I said no public relations anything They came to piss off the public trading away everybody on the team. Well, but come on out and Build a sustaining by the way while you're at it. Are we gonna leave? See ya And then this thing let's see but meanwhile, let's see very also writes about the Vince Carter statue in the Daytona beach Which nobody cares about 790 the ticket is decided to reunite host Sid Rosenberg and O. J. McEmpi beginning today They're on right now and I'm sure you don't want to hear that but go ahead if you like to and you'll be right back Two days after Rosenberg walked out of their 10 a.m. to one p.m. show because of a district we will make up about the programs content You and your for you you your career give them I will have more dolphin love more dolphin love Like happy you want to Roseburg spend more time talking about the dolphins Meanwhile, here's the important part and this I don't know what I'm more shocked by Gueldies non-call on a winning goal in last night's game by Yuri Layton and for Dallas was 15.8 seconds left in a very exciting game or This thing here about the booster. I this man needs a lobotomy Never never Give too much responsibility with somebody with orange hair because they're always a little bit off you know I mean right 790 after in Rose John boo zombie on Wednesday We checked it off for to become a radio announcer for the New York myths the radio announcer the man the main man I love what I'm doing it was a tough decision said champion us is baseball in 10 college basketball games for ESPN Me, so he's on national TV if you games here and few games there and he's you know I mean you like Google I But I Ferted out a man's fan scandalous if he asked me WQ a M hello And the old junior I found religion in the garage bathroom WQ a M hello How you doing? Yes, sir. I want to both yes Terri and her two Not even not even close Next will be starting with the alien ethos though. How do you put Terri and her and cute? I want to say you it's you right who doesn't well Q Q Q WQ a M hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, no, yes Well, what are you gonna tell to or I'm not To go below your brains out a George Robloj his brains out see I didn't say that's all Do us all a favor do the human race at favor please and the subhuman race to WQ a M hello Yes, sir, what about the Japanese internment camps? They're pretty relaxing after WW2. Japanese internment. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Japanese internment after WW2. You got it internment. Can you let it? That's if it can fuse with interns like Monica for example. We've got the impeachment on there already I thought pieces were like from Jojard. That's Jimmy Carter territory not Bubba, but he had right next door though from our can saw Wow What are we gonna do about this Yahoo country, huh? About your Yahoo country. Oh, I guess who guess who showed up there yesterday and sat next to me briefly and thankfully lost very quickly Oh, wow, and I we kept looking at me like I was gonna dignify his presence there guess what's skinny guy with a mustache red Nikki Albert looking guy who works for GM and Ashwa on terial I don't know same guy the same guy that told you said to me last week boy. I hate it when people are like that guy I can't imagine why we've used to even look at him or you know dignified his existence You you slainball you low life you piece of turd I was so glad he lost WDQAM hello More than hell he had a bad machine money. Yes, sir. Hey This is celebrity fighting at my trip arc here in Boko over a tap weekend More to yes, they're my trip arc in Boko more he's public in Connie town. Oh, man. It's a saidy news get life I have no line here What do you say my is there? Nobody said just like that. I Think what he said I could be wrong was I think that's what it was But I'm not sure WQAM hello Who am oh radio cranked way up yes, sir? I like a figure mail Sticking Yeah, isn't it Radio off man before somebody just some convicted I told you so I must go buy you coming out of the get lost Good job, and that's to god what is he always talk about? I wouldn't leave my long ago to uh huh. I don't know immigration No, no, he's always got the same crap Go go just go away. Okay. You're too old for not just for this show you too old for Florida In other words in your past the age of death Even Terry's looking more lively with her without her too. Go away Jesus man oh oh 30 years later I'm still here in the same voices just like Lionel's name he and he was here in voices. I'm here. Maybe these are the voices He's here in the one who's killing people No, or he's just stealing pizza Right, right? He's not maybe he's not the only one here in voices Oh, don't don't don't don't That's what the maybe that's what starts people become a E-placing a good to voice sure you are sure he is have a great day, Mo and drive safely please WQAM hello Yes, you're morning. Hey, when is he? He hasn't mentioned thing about the shooting on the airplane yet. I'll get to what if you know give me a chance I'll get to what now what's your take? I'll tell Bush is thrilled about it. They're lying past open range shooting at the airport Yeah, and that's a good reason to go to a four-laridale airport. I guess man. Tell me about it Okay, look how I get to it We got to slot machine deal. We got the sky marshals in the afiddle shooting guys Well, he uh, may have said something or me have not had said something I don't know is all I mean can't say nothing else. Okay, don't be dildo on the airplane Oh can't say that right now don't be active first of all by power crazy people shouldn't be on a plane in the first place Okay transport and buy an animal to some be out of that house That's right lock him away somewhere. No can't always give that excuse all of these by poetry doesn't have his medicine That what's he doing on a plane for Christ? There's a lot of other innocent people innocent deflacedanders It's tired of the crazy how is that yeah? That's right If somebody is crazy that's part of that new long floor anyway if somebody acts crazy Two-first ask question later So this is one of all I do question why he have pilot was talking to us some of the past years saying oh, that's the sky marshall over there And he's gonna take her don't identify to sky marshall supposedly is supposed there was a bunch of other territories done a plane And this guy was one of our head like on the 9-11 and he says oh there's the sky marshall Oh well, let's get him first and now we're gonna get the rest of you. I want to stupid thing Jesus God Almighty I think instead of the plan I'm just gonna flat my arms in a future God say it is is the meal Roger you fell This is five 16 Two eight Let's give me this every line even just the thing folks are probably wondering how come do I play and then you do it I do you got it Any questions now John when it was shot 25 years ago And today are you emotional about it or one? And he's still there Like a handle just imagine it was taking a little rest of the day imagine there's no you'll go All right And I'm still alive Imagine the shuffling misty But you'll go didn't survive Imagine if you landed Oh Yeah Imagine azess One with you can And George turned to his boy. Then the circumcised the band. Don't fret. Don't cut. It doesn't go and be done. Even juicy snakes. We're here, John. You're here, John. But it's not that dangerous. You think Linda's eating vegetarian anymore or not? I thought we were with Mrs. La Chine. Huh? And more than this could be fair. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. Well, we'll get to it. Just relax. No pressure man. No pressure. I was just thinking of a really good pull. We're going to take one of these days very soon. You know, last person you'd expect to find sober. Oh, good. Better get a good pull. Sure. I didn't know. Ringo was a drunk. Am I supposed to know that? I didn't know that. Well, that's what he said in the vid. Is that about the finding Ringo sober? Maybe he was just, I don't know, maybe he's at his lush. I always think it like Mike Disney would be, but anyway, what's America's most shameful event? Slavery, 167. You cut and pickin' idiots. What's wrong with you? Bring about your people over here in crates and enslave them. See, this is the irony, the whole thing. People came here allegedly, if you read this very tale history of America, to escape religious persecution, they wanted to be free, they wanted free man, they wanted everything to be free. And then they decided, wow, you know, we don't want to do all that mean, you'll work so bring about your slaves over. See, that's the whole problem with this, the world is slave labor. That's what it's all about, so that your big companies can make the maximum profit, not to mention Walmart, but all the others as well. Slave labor. First, you brought the dark folks from Africa in crates, and then it was the, you know, because of geography, makes it so easy for them of beeners to come across the border there. Slave labor, because we got to maximize those profits. Isn't that what it's all about? That's it. Not treating people like you and beans. Remember the human beans? Nobody but me? Yeah, what do you hear them? No. Slave, 167, the fixed 2000 election, 149, Al Gore should be the president right now. We wouldn't do it, Iraq, I guarantee you there's the human beans. Nobody but me, no, no, no, no. They made it like 50,000 commercials, whatever. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Body but me. Massacre, the Indians, 142 is a very solid third. In fact, I would say it's rock solid. Invasion, and that's why they were selling those cancer, cancerists, they expected the white man, they didn't even know. Nice going boys, put a feather in your cap. The invasion of Iraq 130. About 30 man. Clinton impeachment only 45. You see those big four. You can't break two or as top four. Those are the biggies. Clinton impeachment 45, segregation 35, civil war 18, Vietnam were only 16. Slementary D.C. says, that's bad. They appease the escolar 11, the McCarthy witch on six. Invasion of Haiti, only six. Waterhead, only six. The rent conference, Slementary Sinko, 10, way five, Santa much trials to invasion of Grenada one. Japanese and German camps none, and invasion of Panama none. They still don't like the complex of Panama. And it's for what do you like, feather the well and canal or the Panama canal? You know, the well and canal is right near our Niagara Falls. Is it those geography lesson for the world and the well and Ontario? It's on the way. You go to St. Catherine's and there's well and right before that and there's a Hamilton at any rate. I've been everywhere, man. I'm going to start seeing that song with Howard Dean. I've been here 750 one votes will make that 1000 easy today. Maybe no sweatskie. So regular have it on a show. I'm not a way you idiots over there across the street. You know, you think because you got buried there is your show. How come bears out wearing a sandwich board? Oh, he is walking up and down the streets of South Florida with a sandwich board saying, seven 90 there the best. Oh, man. Very simple. Then you fair. Oh, God. A little punch like him walks up to me in the air for it. This is all high in the elaborate Jackson. And a lot of what you say about me is true and I thought for myself, just look at it and I thought, oh, yeah, it sure is. I thought to myself, you're fair. Anyway, here's the good news. We think keep your fingers and legs crossed. Now you ought to keep on our local newsware there. A QAN. Excuse me. Yeah, I'll dial it up. Yeah. I, in fact, I better hop on the Sun Sentinel because the Harold's pretty lame. Sun Sentinel's not too much better, but it's the best we got. Just in case we get the bulletin coming in that they already voted and improved this thing in the end of the final. Or maybe we'll get a thing from Steve Wolf or Dick Feinberg at Pomp and a park. I'll get a direct facts from those boys. My buddy's over there. And I saw him boys. It looks like you got this done. Even though you did it very poorly in the beginning. And the reason that it went this long is because they didn't put all the necessary wording into the thing. Although you notice how fast they dropped that type of thing and you want to know why? Because they know that would never stood up in court. Right. The type two slots that bingo that's airs off. So, if he wants airs off, they want the real thing. Even if people would let the soda there, it's the real thing. Right. Right. And the back of your mind. That does a good spot. I got him here somewhere from Book of Browse. Let's see, no sky marshals. We still got the same thing here. Now, no, whenever again, a lot of rolls over to 25 million. Well, I got to check my, a lot over here. I think it's going up to 50 million on Saturday. I only won 35 bucks last night, so I'm still here. That was on the lotto. Did a little bit better at Woodbind. Thank you. Speaking of Woodbind and slots, let just later leave your side off on a slots agreement late Wednesday that would let each of Browse four per mutuals install 1500 loss biggest machines. Good machines and guaranteed they can be running in six months. That means by a June. And that sounds like six months to you. Okay. But compromise ended. They contentious battle between the house and Senate that's been brewing since Florida voters last year gave it going ahead for. No, they're not, no, they're not putting them in. Although they probably have some fun doing it for. And they've counted to the side of it that they want to expand again. They borrowed voters of course, approved the idea and March overwhelmingly. But the overwhelming the anti-gambling legislature was unable to agree on a regulatory scheme during its spring session. Fan has covered her bush called the legislature in the special session this week. We address it overall of Medicaid and the slots issue. The agreement calls for a 50% tax rate, but there was no immediate reaction to how much money that would raise for Florida schools. A push to break the legislative still made over what kind of machines should be allowed and how they should be regulated came from your Fed as governor. Looks press fears that the courts would write the rules for slots. It will legislate you didn't like that. That's the only reason they went ahead and did it because they know if they didn't do it right now that the courts would say, okay, we'll write the rules that are going to be a lot better for the perimutuals and for the everybody else. At some point, the courts will take this over. And I think that's a good motivating factor. Fed has voiced it earlier yesterday. We're a duty bond. We implement this if we don't be transferring that duty of the courts. Heavy duty. Under the agreement, the state division of Perimutual, a way during we have six months to develop regulations. If nothing is done within that time, period emergency rules would be implemented and the Perimutuals allowed to install the machines. And hopefully there will all be your first child will be a masculine child and all these machines will be good machines, man. The deal was worked out beyond closed doors by the Republican leadership in Stanford, fully House Speaker, designated Marco Rubio of Miami and set a president and Tom Lee of Brandon. Oh, what kind of people are in Brandon? The man must still be a part of your part. Yeah. And look at Josh, when you say that, he's from Brandon. I lived there. You are from Brandon. He was rear of Brandon. He was rear of Brandon. Yeah. He was rear of Brandon. Yeah. He was still so about it. Don't tell tough. The deal must still be approved by the House and Senate. Each facility, which would be able to operate there slot machine 16 hours a day. Well, let's see, 16 hours a day would be like, pick a net out of helping please. Like say, 10 and an eye in the morning till nine is 12 to 1 a.m. That's a little week. But that's okay. 16 hours a day would be charged a three million dollar licensing fee to pay for the cost of regulation. The compromise represents the midway point between the previous house and Senate positions on tax rates. And then our machines that will be allowed to pump an apartment, park, all spring, parking, and high line, how to would gray-hound track. Sportsman for the perm, which was not immediately available. And there's both we vote on this to finalize it today. And of course, with everything else in Florida dog, count your slot machines before they start taking wooden nickels. You know what I'm saying? Right. They got to vote the House and Senate today. So it looks, it looks, I say about about 30 man. 90 man, about 90. About 90. When you say that, okay. 567, you people ought to be jumping for joy. Give us something to do. I'll lose your ass, plunge, your guts. I'll give us some pointers, man. We'll find a good machine for you. We'll find some good machines and you can go to take Josh within, convert him into us the generate slot player. Only if I win. Well, that happened. Well, I had pretty nice night last night. In fact, I want enough to cover that bogus check. I sense you. That's it. That was God saying, you went out there and you weathered the elements minus 17 windshield. And like a schmuck, you walked all over the kinkoists and dropped that FedEx and a bif so a schmuck over there could have his a check early. So you wouldn't have to pee in his pants about having the extra spending money for Seattle. And the now we were you by giving you back. So even though I started out really bad, I made a nice comeback and had a good machine, man. And a nice job. There is nothing. There's nothing more. There's nothing more. There's nothing more fun than when you got a good machine, you know, mind. And that guy said, Mr. Meshita said, you know, I hate when Redness went money. And I should. I should. Next time I see that I should say, I can't stand when Redness went anything. Somebody QAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How's it going? You're just talking about the slot machine. I was going to be the launch biggest file slot. That is absolutely correct. Okay. Do you think since the end end said if they got the launch biggest file slot machine, are the Indians and the table teams? I don't know. Yes. I think they will get the table games and of course they'll be replacing those bogus machines. They got with real machines. Dude, I'm going to be spending my whole check over there. All right. All right. Neil, do me a favor. Don't play him. Go ahead. Can you please play the drop from Jack women from Glen Gary, go I Ross? Yeah, right. Oh, it's your. We don't problem at all. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Hey. Oh, here it is again. That's it. That's it. That's enough of that. Maniac. Anyway, he likes that moving. That's good. Good taste. Good. What? I said, hey, Williamson. In addition, which why, why is he going to be a punch in his got set over in the Indians when the per mutuals are like that money is going to go to education? I guess he doesn't want to make sure that any of the money goes to something useful. But nevertheless, the free country, at least to a point, you can still gamble. You can still like smoke. One of them, faggot said, he found like a real dark closed room somewhere. Where nobody else can inhale the fumes. Providence after not all you kids out there don't be smoke at all cancers. They're okay. Don't be going through those Indian drive-through places, Vinos, cancer, six of the worms in a man. It'll kill you. That crap about I'd, what was this slogan I'd walk a mile for a camel? That was their slogan. I walked a mile for a camel, camel's a request. Which to my way of thinking, I don't know because I only smoke when I was in college a long time ago. And of course, being the lady that I am, I smoke new ports. I'm a lady secret. But I would have recognized. I think I'd have most, aren't they the worst? They're pretty harsh. Pretty strong, right? I used smoke strong enough to laugh. But I'm talking about cigarettes. Things that come in a pack. Like rats. 1113 at 560WQM, we got slots coming daily. Oh, are we making progress or what? Holy, but surely. Little by little. Take your little feet or your big fat feet over to Brandy's for a perfect fit. Your favorite style of name brand, too. They got them all for you. A human selection. Rock ports, echo, floor shine, new balance, essay as a fistow all the top names in the shoe business. And the professional shoepeters of Brandy's will make damn sure you've got a customized perfect fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time. Just ask for Arnie. He'll take good care of you. The pros at Brandy's understand fit and comforted they even specialize in wide widths. So if you've got a big fat wide one and a foot two, they'll take care of you. Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in South Florida for comfort style. And the perfect fit, value and selection always think first of Brandy's shoes and your fine Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompeo Beach open daily Monday to Saturday to Mont every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupidness of great time to buy spares at Brandy's. And because you can take 20% off all great men's who installs that's over and above the already great low prices. So it's a good time to get your S.N. of the store or do your shoe shopping on their prestigious website at Brandy's shoes.com. And this is Neil Rogers. This is 516 Tuesday. Wild. Wild. I hate that station. And keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism in the tradition of Edward Armero's scene at now, 560-W-2-A-M-V-S. Now see here with no Howard David. I just know how it is David. I'll say here. I don't know, give you. And if I had so cues to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is to. Now see here who did ball for radio. Neil Rogers or Howard Vasquer Anderson. Ha ha ha. Here's my best view. I'm S.N. Hey Vasquer Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio. And at 5th month he ain't no man. Why? Why? Hoy Vasquer Anderson saying nice song. Oh, you got him. And you're not in the signal. I'm not in the middle with an orgone. I sure. That's it. Neil, sing a little bit of this very riching songs about David. Oh, no, no, no, no. And then a pack of dawn and he writes a little bit of Neil sings him. Now you know he's queer. Because real men don't sing. Come on, again. And another thing. Hey Vasquer Anderson. Well, they're like better than Neil too. That's what they've been saying. And the next bit's from it. Oh, see here. Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olsen or Jaggi Robinson. Damn. Now see me here next time for a moan dignits. Oh, see here. But there over here. But moan. Where was the love? It's 112560 W.C. I'm the mole myster. You're ain't nobody like him on his plan. You're a T.A.D. That is one of the Trillion. And he'll be with two to a dozen of you with his whatever it is. Mad Dog and four from the similar hard rock. How do you like that rock solid? And then Lenny Martens and Trice Grantford. Like I said, Lenny, you just keep plugging away. We'll be able to speak it in ways. Seven o'clock tonight. Then 10 o'clock. Here for lunch. We always because the panter game is laid on a west coast on the left coast. Panther preview with 10, 10 30. The panthers at San Jose to play the sharks in the shark tank. And I just, I, the less I say about that whole thing the better. Okay. I want to play that again. We got it. And then any K after the hockey game. You know, it's going to be like, I don't think so. It says, Eddie K 10 to 2 in a game starts at 10. Nice. Guys, your parents are tough wherever may this thing up. Boy, maybe he's going to be simultaneously. Maybe we're finding out what that's called so we can play it again if you want. Oh, I guarantee that Eddie, um, We have more listeners than the hockey game. I hate to say that, but it's true. It's true. Yeah, they just lose it. Just almost every game. Even a game where they make a nice comeback. They're down three nothing. They tie it up and then with 15.8 seconds left. And other what was last seconds swoon's that they seem to specialize in the organization. It's just not good. Not conducive to bringing people in. Especially when he answers, it sounded like he's a pissed off and going into a Coleman. I, gee, what am I doing here? And he's gone. And it's, it's, it's deathifying. I mean, how, how does the organization say, well, you know, continue, let this guy do the games. I don't think he's ready for prime time. If he acts me, I think we got to have Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe's back. Okay, or some nuance? Norse and nuance. No, I'm serious. Great. Dust him off and, they're rattled his spear a little bit. I mean, granted he was in Coherent, police, you got excited. Get no idea who scored or what was going on. But at least he got some excitement going. The old juicer. This girl, he needs a little practice. Practice makes perfect. I think practice for a few years maybe. Maybe. Talk to us. There's a big good. And then maybe you'd be ready to call a game. Hello. To AM. Yes. Every year around Christmas, the sport of lottery swells. And if you look at the numbers last night, most of the numbers were in the team. And I'm not the only one that talks about this. I'm just wondering, how they can manage to, that out here at the same time. Do you see this thing that Florida lottery is fixed? Yeah, and I wonder how much money, you know, like, the team, I want to borrow one. And I discovered a rough and asking, I'm wishing you to know there are grabbing involved. That's what it's all about. I think there are grabbing a wrong ball if you ask me. Same with a lot of a year, man. So often it comes up with his really screwed up numbers. And nobody wins. And you know, ahead of time, as soon as you see the numbers, nobody's going to have that. And they don't have it. You follow what I'm saying? But he says, how can that be? It's random. They do the draw live on TV. Now they may tape at a couple hours at a time, pretend they're doing a live on TV. And they may do it 50 different times until they get the numbers that they want. That would be bad. We can't assume that. Can we? No. The lotter was the biggest sucker bet. But I will play it for tomorrow. There are 30. I'm 10 million here. I'd like to check for 10 million. I'll send you guys each maybe 100 bucks. And then a nice card. And I'll send Greg it. By the way, Greg, they hit him with five shots. And he still alive. That's the bullet. And we want everybody to know Greg is still alive. And he heard from too much from him lately, but he's still around. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, now. Let's get to this scum, our shall deal. Because everybody in the brother and law is talking about this. Federal air marshals noticed the man was acting strangely even before he boarded in American Airlines. Just kids of the fly from Miami to Orlando yesterday. Then they go there to Alpazar, 44 of mainland and Central Florida. Trenton, they don't ever let nobody from mainland on a plane. I'll say that right now. Not a good idea. Trenton nearby passengers have boarded the jetliner that he had a bomb and his backpack. We're in a bomb bomb. And also don't be listening to Ricky Vailin singing a lot bomb. When you're on a plane, I don't know. He has not a good idea. Two air marshals confronted him and he tried to flee. He got as far as the jet bridge which connects to plane with a terminal. I thought they called at the jetway. The jet bridge. Before the marshals ordered him to get on the ground. Took me years to figure out the call to jetway. Now they called to jet bridge. That's when Alpazar made a fatal move. Officials said he reached inside his backpack and bought a bayonet. He blew his brains all over his knife. I really sued. Alpazar, our U.S. citizen would know a paradise to tear his men as it turned out no bomb by in his backpack. We shot to death. Kill the media. And employ of a home deposter in Orlando. He was returning from a church mission trip to South America. Another Getsky baby returning from a church trip to South America. I guess the Lord didn't bless him. Well, maybe bless him. Call his home. That's what they always say. Is that what it is? He's the Lord called him home. For that big church in a sky. It was the first time martial skill to pass your honor near U.S. Plainsense the Federal Air Marshal program was beef up after the 911 attacks. Be better beef up if you want to get shot by the big boys. Another pass in your married gardener told Channel 6 that a woman traveling with Alpazar apparently his wife said he suffered from a severe mental disorder and stopped taking his medicine. Authority couldn't verify that but they gave this account. Alzab, what that was at? He was whistling in a hallway. Maybe she just got a winning lot of tickets. Another whistling. Alpazar. Sounds like she's whistling, Vixie. Alpazar would take an American Airlines flight from Keto, Ecuador to Miami, arriving at 12 or 4 AM Wednesday more than 14 hours before it's a cancer connecting flight. While I would drive you nuts into first place wouldn't it have to wait 14 hours to lay off? Lay over? After coming U.S. Customs he boarded American Airlines flight 924, a boy seven to these seven scheduled flight to Orlando International near his home. What is it? Meetland. Is that what he's from? Meet Okay. Air Marshal said he was acting aggressively. At two ten times, even it's before the schedule departures. Other passengers were still boarding Alpazar. Other threatening words warning nearby passengers that he had Abam Luna. Bomba in his backpack said Jim Bauer, especially in charge of the federal air Marshal's office in Miami. The two air Marshal's overheard Alpazar he said. They came out of their cover and confronted him. And Bauer said, I wanted to relate it to Papa Bauer from guiding light. The Papa Bauer, the Metro gun in the toilet or what? Oh, please. Man, what's on the graphic? I'm looking for there about 12. Would a Serapia look for, what a music again, get law. And how's Philip doing my way by seeing him? If they were, if that bitch don't stop whistling in a hall, I'm going to go out there. But I'm going to go out there. Can you can't hear that? No. She's right outside my doorway. Whistling is loud. Yeah. Alpazar fled toward the exit. Sometimes you say he ran frantically up the aisle. The Marshal's tasting out of the jet fridge where they shot him. He might be grabbing an explosive device from his backpack. What a bomba. According to some passengers, four to five shots were fired. Well, wait a minute. No. Four or five. So like four and a half. Well, officials later went through the back of Pack and Pau. No explosives had rigged Thomas, the TSA's federal director, my main international. The date police bombed squad also removed the packet. They baggage from the aircraft, laid it on the ramp and inspected each piece with bomb-stiffing Dorgs and Pau. No explosives. After the shooting, heavily armed, dates, swat team officers surrounded the jetliner. I wonder if they found anybody with a scale on the plane? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we would have heard about that. Oh, there's been a lot of people shot then. If he had like one in the little scales, a proposal scales always bad. That's the shirt cover for a drug dealer. After the shooting, heavily armed, swat team officers right at the jetliner. Please board of the plane told passengers to put their hands on their heads. Put your hand on the plane of the man's signatures, what they said. I'm like that. Remember that song? Put your hand on the glantz. Yeah, like that. I'll throw it off for you if you want. No thanks. In fact, let's do the brick real quick before you can do it. 28 past 11. So there's the latest excitement there with your, uh, Sky Marsals, and I'm all four, man. Somebody messes on the plane. The starts acting a little goofy. Just shoot. You can't get over it. You can't get over it. You can't get over it. I'm not sure what's your, is more shocking to me. Boosh, I'll be turning down the men's job or guilty, and that, did we find that yet by the way? No, I, I went and looked for a producer, but there's none. Here. And you can find it. But under way. We know it. Yeah. I know it. And you can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. We can't find it. But under way. We know as soon as they get out of the camera. Yeah. I'm tired. Look under. Look under this. Yeah. Just look under that. He had said, most wonderful time of the year. Unless, of course, he had crowded malls, long wedges, lines, parking, hassles, and, like we were saying only moments ago. Crazy people are out there. So make your gift give you a little easier for you and your loved ones. Give them a dial and actress gift certificate. When you call 1-800-Mantris, you can order a dial and actress gift certificate. An Adenomination, even Orthodox. A new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. When you call 1-800-Mantris, you'll choose from the top names and a business. They got them all. No offerings. They got the best. They got your ceiling and serendent. Simmons and King Qua. Stearns of an Adenos Foster and Temporary 2. Maybe you start with some damage from the hurricane. Maybe you need to bed for those last minute payment. The answer to that is how they get. So if you have to show up. Call 1-800-Mantris. You'll get same day delivery from 8-M-10 pm. And they still let you pick the date and time for the video to your busy schedule. You pick it to our window and they show up 99 percent, 99.7 percent of the time on time. I was just about perfect. The ranked number 1 in the customer send is fact in the universe. That's why I use them all the time. And everybody at QM is one you ought to be doing the same. Before those pinned in the S.S.S.S.S.S.S. You're right. I think I already said that pick up the phone and call 1-800-Mantris or log on to mattress.com 1-800-MATTRES. I guess I'm going to ask you to ask me if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I'm going to ask you if I can get a call. I've received an effort of ab婚ía. I've received an effort of ab婚ía. I've received an effort of ab婚ía. $ Quand I went re-eny in sixtheverly who's also going to pass $1.5 million. I have a width of two. show. That's my personal goal. All right. We're going to get to a thousand votes without even mentioning it. We got eight twenty eight already. That's pretty great eight twenty eight. What's America's mountain? I'm going to shagging him like a little heads up on a Mars pool and maybe through the rest of show we can add some, you know, we don't need like a whole bunch. I like it though. Thanks again, Sean for some full ideas. Thank God for him. Thank the Lord. Thank you. Yeah, him too. Tomorrow we're doing something or somebody strictly for a suit of intellectuals. Could be like a person that I'm kind of music. It could be like so so far what we got is jazz. Paris. Cabala. Is that Cabala? Cabala. Cabala. Well, I mean, why be agreeable? What got it said yesterday? We got to be disagreeable. That is what we do. There we do. They've Matthew's band Blair Witch Project, Proficion and Jeopardy and of course you're a J2 ampoule at the last one because that's for suit. That's over your head. Oh, yeah. I'm a more on. I'm having most people are more on than I'm writing. I'm an intellectual like you are. Yeah. Oh brother. Eight that hard, you know. You just go on. I don't like that. I just don't want to look on to the floor. I don't like it. The answer is, oh, get out of here. Bring back our Fleming. Get rid of that Canadian geek. Okay, here we go. Look at this already. The phones are flashing in front of me. I mean, these are response to that or maybe these are like aspiring ports. Come at a QA and hello. QA and. Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Listen, a couple things. First of all, you're criminal. They're listing. Good time to do everything. There's 42 Broward's hair officers sitting in their car alone. Mom marker, 31 on Alligator, Rolley, on both sides of the road. Do. Did a picture. Do it under the criminal at that time to do it because half the force is out here in alligator, that's a good show. They really show some entertaining facts on there, right? You seriously ass iced? No. Think that吃, 18 minutes talking about George's boots, his dog's doing these four movies for Christmas. So where are you going to Internet morph these ball before coming I'm sorry. Is this a lap in front of the door? Is it a movie? Yeah. Oh, he's pushing the internet. I'm dragging the dog man. Come tell me a news. I think I'll get it. Okay, let's see. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound five 6 the minister called me do then you know. See, I've lost the reality here. And five pound what is it? Tom five 6 to the Verizon and said your wireless whatever those lines are. You don't want to hear. W Q A M. Oh, my brain is mush. Yeah, no kidding. Couldn't you tell? W Q A M. Hello. Can I go to plane? You first he is a bomb. W Q A M. Hello. Oh, sushi or anything Asian. Excellent. Sushi is great. What a good idea. And we know somebody who eats sushi. I don't want to like start, you know, getting to personality things like that. Oh, there's a hint. Sushi. See, I guess people are like kind of like, wouldn't it like that? They eat sushi because they think that if everybody knows that you sushi a lot, they make it, you know, it gives the impression that they're smart. You're like, Fredo. I've gone mad. Smod. Like that. Like our fearless leader. Like that. Of course, who's favorite word is. Yeah. I haven't heard him say that in a long time. Thank goodness. W Q A M. Hello. No, Adam. W Q A M. Hello. W Q A M. Hello. W Q A M. Hello. I don't really like that. Yes, sir. Tough for the meal. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to act towards. You wanted to want? Accent. You wanted to want? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I see. That was it. I'm a little sorry. You loan him that machete over there on a counter. He wants to put you out of your pain. He understands a lot of your problems. And believe me, they are multitudinous. Sure. W Q A M. Hello. How are you? Pretty good. How are you? Well, those are the intercomities to you. Yes, this is for the poor poetry, like poetry. Oh, that's ridiculous. Hey, listen, Leo. I'm hating him. I don't know. Why would be a worse punishment. That jewelry ribbon is destroying the little spine. The little spine is the most left of the Democratic Party. It's this ridiculous. After George Bush's problem is the media. They were driving this when he hit rock bottom. They were already expecting about the comeback to come back. What are you going to do? Yeah. He even started to come back. They were making stories with a comeback. Yeah. It came back. How do you see the, what is Alan Spectre's going to say back? All right. How do you see that? I was a Democrat to who will read a holiday harder even in the Republican. They come back and then, you know, separate them. They should be joining him. You know, the Democrats have a death wish. And not just for themselves, but for the country. Just to their the ones. They're the problem. They think is that the country is a good hit. I would say because nobody's stupid in his way. And that's exactly why they're right. Why they fascist they're doing it. They're funny because, uh, nobody's standing in their way. All right. Speaking of Greg. Grr. Your station without the arises makes you enjoy. Fine. OK. See. I know that. That's for Dan Girond, the pivot man, baby. Trust me what I've said to talk about those different raises. I'm the pivot man. This show is the heart and solace radio station. We are the enablers, we are able to play there's silly little ball game stuff. The other 20 hours a day. And he knows that. I don't forget that a sido me in the hallway was on the way to the team. We're going to take a massive, well, whatever. well whatever to take a massive Greg and he said well you know we never had any numbers before you came here which is a little bit of a stretch Hank did have one or two pretty good books but we were still over at Paxon but nevertheless generally speaking that was correct the numbers were not in jol's league it's pretty tough to get that low but they were pretty a week week like how martino's voice in the godfather that's we correct yeah week so here we are what do we get for it not much we're not much all we get a nice painter some of us not you guys but some of us in tomorrow is payday carcin have carcin at this morning so I could remind him when mufflers and I can let slip by again because he was too busy starting rumors not he wasn't he wasn't starting any rumors Greg I'm just joking hey was all he said was that they had the luncha Greg in the amomai so there's no anything which I know is a lie you're lying Greg at whatever you name it orders uh... our linspector talked about the paper that compromise not perfect but acceptable well will be due for vision uh... that there is a conclusion presumption like a and not that they also left and frankly about four follows but recently lane-distance if thought about it She's in this good and be a favorite mother and fully sacrificed with Junior Soul. That's not. That's how Soul is that. So, Hola, you are both wrong. It is. It's that Soul. No, it's Soul. Soul. Soul. Soul. Soul. Soul. Soul. It's Soul. Hey, you're Soul. You're the Holy. With the Holy disease and the Father. And the idea of deciding to do step out of character. You can spread the legs of joy surround you. And it's a beautiful view. Of the people who hear those things, say you're subordinate is now. Like the may have put that in both their eyes and to my heart. And in the middle of the heart. I've got a lot of love. I've got that lot of love. You can go on. You can go on. You can go on. You can go on. You can go on. You can go on. Hey. I can do it around. I can go on. I can go on. We're getting high. I know. I'm only gay. I can go on. I can stay home. Let's open some stuff. Come on. Come on. Go on. Come on. Come on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Good boy. Go on. There you are. Good boy. Go on. Shall we go home? Go on. Well... Go on. Go on. Go on. Take this shoulder. Go on.pector. You're being controlled. Go on. I got another good choice for the full. Yeah. Kind of single music. All right. You know, thanks so. You don't sound very enthusiastic about that. No, I like it. But you know, I don't care what you like. That's what music is for students. Well, these are the news. You listen to classical music while you're watching Jeopardy. Yeah. All the same tomorrow. I mean, sushi. Excellent. There you go. What are your hair turned gray so fast? 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 3. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 7. 9. 6. 9. 6. 4. 5. 6. 5. 9. 9. 6. 6. 8. 7. I may never speak again. Giving new meaning to the term speechless, I may never speak again. Can we hear that one more time? Montador tries to clear and pass my Donald's behind me. That out in front of me sure. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Electricity should be saying that. This is amazing one at the bus that we're going to hear of. What ales all around. Let's seem great. Let's see what this one means. What is the best thing to say. virtue or reflect upon others or to us. Thank you. Start taking your anticipated serve. Now it looks top up when you have that. You have seen that one in real time. because he sure don't get it. Some of our pixel and child, if you ask me, but I want to keep drawing out. I will play it again later, a few 10, 20 times. WQAM Hello. QAM amateur hour hello. I'm sorry the poll. How about the hard one? It's been a little less than time do like a double dip, but he couldn't do it. He couldn't keep it up. WQAM Hello. I knew how you doing today. Okay. Suggestions of Boca. Biam. You think you can have our Mogen David rate by Chiciel? Biam. 560, pon 560, pon 560, Verizon and singular wireless line, boy, it's really. Maybe I think this guy had too much, Mogen David if he asked me. Or maybe some man is shivers, what do you think? Possible. Or probably just some an episode. What's that real cheap line? Lover David? No, no real cheap but say you want. What's other call? Boot. They're very good. Grandma Boon. Some of that grandma Boon. F**k. In fact, it's always good idea to stash some of that grandma Boon in the box. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Yes. Yes. I need a telephone number of the lawyers for defensive driving. The lawyer for defensive driving of that. The lawyer for speeding ticket. Well, speeding ticket. What's that kind of defensive driving? How old are you? How old are you sir? 34. 34 miles. Yeah. Come on. I want to get a number. What? 100 in the year leaves a one off 134? I'm looking for you. How old are you? 70. Get off the road. Are you out of your mind? Oh my God. Adding here. Parked pops. Watch the number for defensive driving. The only defensive driving her tip I got is stay away from the old farce on a highway there. All those old cochers like this guy. 34. Yeah. 134 years old. He's still driving. Just like my mother. She gets a six year we knew. I wouldn't be surprised if she gets another one a couple of years. She's been dead for a year and a half. That'd be funny. Yeah. Well, hey, listen. She got a six year we knew it without even going back for our vision test anything in the mail. In the mail. She was 90 at the time and gets a six year we knew we were in the mail. Let's floor it and you wonder why the driving is what it is? I don't wonder. She could have been deaf dumb blind. No legs, no arms, no head. And they sent it to the mail. All here and no problem. Okay. In fact, I hear the new deal is because they want to save on a paperwork. You just get your new license and a cracker jack box. Give me. In fact, you can buy the cracker jack for 50 bucks at the Marlon game. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. That's dancing in Delilah and Delurio. They are something. They're Delurius. I think I just came up with a new word. They're Delurius. They've got to be out of their minds. They're going to have lawsuits up the Yingyang. Having a fire sail with teammate. They're just like a... A little bit of a ballgame. I'm a good person. Triple A ball club. Like a gigantic forest fire just blazing through the locker room there. And all of a sudden what was once a proud competitive Major League team that was right in the wild card race to last couple of weeks. All of a sudden, Triple A maybe double A. I'd say double A really sad. Well, we want to stay the game. We want it. We want it. We want it. We're not going to put up a whole lot, but we want it. You see, I got a news for it. If they went away to waste at all this money to last couple of seasons, maybe they could have put that money in with a little more moderate pay roll. They could have had the 80 million that they need to for this other deal with Wayne. See what I'm saying? What he said? I'm saying it could have done it if they would have been like a little bit of foresight, but these billionaires always expected from the same routine. We're leaving. We're leaving. You better do it around. And then, always somebody who pulls a last minute back door deal. Like that Mickey Eris and man, I split the Mickey to old Mayor, Peanie, Peanie, whatever it is. Wow. Teeny weeny. Just tragic. Well, pack you a bunch of salami sandwiches. Well, get some subs to go from subway. How's that? I think it fits in perfect. How many QAM? Hello. Can you hear? I don't. Pretty good, Tally. So, can you hear me? And you should play Goli's third girl, tying girls. See how we're starting here? So, we can hear the difference? What does that mean? To see what he has, to see how good he could be. Okay, well, let's do that. Can we find out where are we going to find that? I'll find one. Okay, we'll find it. Well, let's find one of the pathogals when they made that big comeback. You work on that. You probably found the Goli archive in the audio ball. It's over doesn't crash before we get the chance to play it. It's not a question to being feared. This is the second time a firm call of gold. I was a game winning goal or turned out to be. And just like because it's the other team like, I'm pissed on. They're going home. Yeah, they're easy. You can't call a broadcast. That when this guy tried to defend it. This guy tried to defend it. You got a damn hot date with Goli when it comes back from the road trip or Watson. But we'll play it. Just to be fair, my ass. What is it? The John Lennon business. Memorial. Look at those people. He's been dead for 25 years. And there if the strawberry feels memorial, let's hear a little bit of that strawberry field. And fact, you know something? Yeah. I mean, like that. I'm sure it was. Lovely. Chris, it's Darrell Scott, right? Close it up. Let me take you down. So there you go. So you are killing it up or what? Because we got to do the break. He's searching. He's uh, yeah. Well, searching. Search for a good call by Goli. Selecting guys says, we can be fair. Just to show you. And, as if this crowd gives a crap about hockey or the pancreas or Bob Broadcast is rating like that. All they care about is just getting through another day and so Florida. And there's that Mariah Carey. That's really scary. How could it be here? Oh, God. He's selling 80 trillion. And that's what's wrong with the world right there. Is that bitch and selling records? If you don't know this is new Roger. This is 5.62. Ah! I am proud. You need another. Rush. And I like to run the money to really ask with so many from Jews. And listening to the new. OK. I'm going to use the other. Second. He's the beside Tyra Banks. There's a new reality showing wheeling in the town. I'm very thankful. Welcome to your own Mariah's next pop-less model. When these beautiful young women fall out of the running to become a Supermodel, the world's most famous hustler is there to catch them. How many of my years now? My name is Nara-san. I like to see a moon. Yeah, whatever. I'm going to lose the splatters. Watch America's next pop-less model for an hour of glemps. Excitement. And second thought. Well, that's bitch that I'm on a climb on a climb on a just hour of this camp. The models are topless and Larry blitz the gravity is bottomless. And ginger and long, you're the final two contestants. I have one question before the new. I'll come and make an opportunity, Chau. Oh, man, it's next topless model. Right after his apprentice, Jenna Jamison's only on TNCMA. Oh, right. 12.1 a QAM. Love that Larry. I'll we can't talk quite that well. He's one of our very favorites because he's a perfect, we like perfect. He's the antifistist of all these weemuts, all these funnies. But people to fun and fun be. 900 one votes are Rains just 12.1. We got one of them. I got some calls from last night. I'll just play you what you got. Oh, there's bottom of the circle of the hort. That's not top white. So over to Yoke and it's only. It's a robber tout and front the pass. Come back to the top of the circle for light's back to Yoke and it's not safe. Three bound is loose. Where is it they score? They jam it home. And the Panthers have tied the game in three. Oh, my goodness gracious. Husband and Terry Shabba retaliates with Lonson political group. What do you laugh about? Oh yeah exactly. That's exactly my sum. Where is it? Oh, he's holding on. You know something I take back anything else I ever said before. I just don't want to be associated with anything you do with that organization with him with that thing. I mean, this is just this this market is so bush league man. It says it's pathetic. We want to apologize and I showed all the bush leaders in the world because bush league would be a compliment. There is so much crap so much swill attaches for broadcasting for life for you name it in South Florida. It's unbelievable. Just like Timmy Siffle is who never ever in his life broadcast a professional football army before he's the voice of his own fans. Oh my god. Scream like a little girl. Okay, a lot of that. A lot of people squeak like a little girl down there. Squeaky land. Anyway, I didn't say a thing. Okay, don't tell any more of those. Please. You sure I got them all right now. You doing that, Marvin? Oh yeah. Do it. Back in behind the pants or death. Living out in front they shoot the score. Gary later gets the goal. As the fucking three in front of the dead. And the Dallas star. That was in two minutes. Although they shoot in the score. He's not exactly my idea of a call. They shoot like the team shot in the score. Okay, there's a drama again, anybody know who that is. A little bit too dark for your taste. Anyway, move it along. Michael Shiveho whose life theory was at the center of a bitter right to die case. She is hoping to be telling it against former host majority of your time to lay another politician who tried to keep his brain damaged life alive. Don't forget our fat ass governor while you add it, Mikey. That's ass Mikey. He likes it. He likes everything. Shiveho announced Tuesday he's forming a political action committed to support or opposed candidates depending on where they stood on the divisive case that end when Terry Shiveho died of dehydration marks 13 31 13 days after her feeding. Two was removed. I've taken my sadness, anger and worry, and channel them in a personal resolution. I will do everything in my power to keep another unsuspecting American family from reliving our private national nightmare. Michael Shiveho said in the press release, you go, Mikey. He ate no downtown Mikey Brown. Thank God for that. Terry Shiveho said what we know about that. First is in vegetative state. We know about that. Repair and Saltickeeper feeding. Two in place, Robert Husband, Pursh, and Robert Rueho. Fadass governor, Jeff Bush, along with Congress and his brother, President Bush, I'll try to have the feeding two. It was inserted. As a matter of fact, the president went rushing back from vacation in the Crawford Ranch. Went racing back over a weekend to make sure that he could pass the sign at legislation. The Congress all came racing back to although quite frankly when people were like dying and drowning in norlines after Hurricane Katrina, it was like a different story. Well, he'll get around with it. So far, delay is the only politician listed as a target on the Terry Pack website. As House Majority Leader last March, he'll help Congressional efforts to keep Terry Shiveho alive and keep that tube in a repose. He has since been removed as Majority Leader because of his indictment on my long-term charge. As an recent poll, half of voters in his district said they would not vote for him. His Democratic challenger, before we rest for a present of Nick Lanson, we know who he is, but we like him a lot. You go, Nick. This won't be the first time the Youth and Asia lobby is attacked. They consistently pro-life leader like Tom Delay. If their goal is to educate voters, this is a waste of their time in money because everyone is in the Congressman's district, knows where he stands and is out of protecting life. Delay spokesman, Shannon Flaherty, 7-Email, protecting life. Oh yeah, life like like a embryo. Like a cell, like an amoeba. Are you going to start stepping on amoeba again? I can't help it. Oh my god. You sick puppy, a puppy. Senator Rick Santorum will be handed the list another lunatic. Santorum Health Push has sent it bill and file a friend of the court brief for the West Supreme Court, signing with Terry Shiveho's parents and refight to keep the feeding tube from being removed. He also joined Delay in suggesting federal judges who wrote against the parents would be impeased. Santorum is trading Senate Democratic Senator, a Democrat, challenged your Bob Casey Jr. in the polls. You go, Bob. Kick his ass. Fanatic, nut job. Feed his hugger. Senator Santorum respects the rights of individuals who are sure to express their first member rights at Santorum Campaign spokeswoman Virginia Davis. I wonder, she's kind of Georgie Davis, or Stephen Davis. The pack obeys money for television and radio ads direct mail campaigns to pay for Michael Shiveho to speak against candidates in their districts. It will get involved in federal and state campaigns and a part of Virginia poetry. But we, but it will go on and on. Let's see. Republican Tom Gallagher who serves as the state's chief financial officer issued a press with his support of keeping tribal alive. Is the total attorney general Charlie Christ, instead of the case, he's Charlie. You're fair. I mean, like that, Charlie Christ. Oh, brother. I'll speak to that. Yes, the next story is about your buddy Mel Gibson. All right. All right. All Gibson speaking of the passion of the Christ. I am so disnautious. Although, if you play another one in Guilty calls, I'm going to. The last one was not too bad except for the fact that he had no idea who was scored the goal until it was. We're shot on goal again from the circle and other sticks say by. Gromortal along. Go at the point. They score. Ah, school was throws it in on goal and may have been deflected of either way. Dallas is scored again. And it was seven fifty to go in the first. Now see, that wasn't too bad. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. So see, in other words, if we keep playing enough of them, we'll find out when it was acceptable. Not good necessarily, but at least it was acceptable. I'll play head for Stubborn. No. Send Stanley and he sucks it right out in front of that header. Any scores. I'll see. I don't know how that one got by Roberto Longa. Well, I needed to get Martin. That's why he ain't come out of the game. But nevertheless, I see that was good. Told you if you played about 50, I mean, you get a good call. That's the way it should be called. Don't have to get hysterical when the other team scores, but you got to make a little or some, especially when it's a road game. And a crowd is, ah, like that. You can't just hit it. You know, like that thing at the end of the game is the ends of the game are what guilty can handle. Okay. The end of the game. No, no. Not. Not. No. That's enough. No, I have a control down there. Just nuts. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to take a nap. You're a little bit chillin. I'm not going to. I'm going to. That's what that whole deal is. I was worried about that was the end. Roberto, Bob, you're in that crap. Dropper and go. No, no, that's it. No more. Stop. In the name of numbers. Hey, man. Mel Gibson. Oh, seriously, you keep playing that. Well, it's the icing. I think somebody's on the payroll. Now it was guys across the street in very jackass. I think somebody else had a payroll. I think it's sabotage. Mel Gibson, a producer of the news Holocaust miniseries. This is just, he is everywhere. He's like a disease. He's like a big, gigantic, growing tumor. Out of control. Just like, just these got his testicles and tentacles. All of the entire universe. Mel Gibson. How about who gives him? He was a real hoot. Mel Gibson, who's passionate to Christ, was a saved by critics. An anti-Semitic passion play. And whose father's been on the show. He was a real hoot. He was a new project, underway. A non-fission miniseries about the Holocaust. Maybe daddy can help him with a script. Gibson's television production company's developing a four hour miniseries for ABC or New Religion Network. Based on the soft-published memoir of Florey Van Beek, a Dutch Jew, who's Gentile, neighbors head from Ernotsies, but also several relatives and concentration camps. Florey Van Beek, a real geek. Quentin or ABCC saw a lot of people who were in the same house. of N. B. A. R. R. G. Quint Taylor, ABCC, to vice president and charge of movies for television and the religious division, it now is that the attention getting valued having gifts and tends to a Holocaust project was a factor. Controversies publicity and vice-versy, Taylor said. ABC brought in Gibson's company, Con artist productions, what a perfect name. After independent producer Daniel Sladeck pitched an ever-convand B. story, but there has been Felix van B. survived the sinking of a past new ship by a German mine, followed by three years in hiding during the German occupation of Holland before immigrating to the US in 1948. You know, on today's poll, we could put the, when the US turned the ship St. Louis back with all the more, refuel yees that won up value in the concentration camps, but there's no easy way to put it on there and nobody knows what we're talking about anyway. The things St. Louis is a misery. Right. The network shows Gibson's company when it learned a van B. story shortly after ABC had rejected a separate pitch by Con artist, president Nancy Cotton, for another Holocaust related subject, as they didn't cut into that too much. This has the middle-to-law story and that the other one didn't have the explained. Van B. spoke for a survival in the Valley of Death, is a wide out of cat of her and her husbands abbreviated courtship. They're attempt to sail to St. Louis in Chile, the sinking of their ship and their rescue and recoup operation in England. They returned to Holland in 1940, and they're suffering and hiding as an deportation of Jews began. They were liberated by Canadian troops, but only 5,200 of Holland's 140,000 Jews survived the war, coined a slightest research, 50,200, and other ones who are left to yesterday out of everybody's way, because they're not too big on the Jews in Holland. Gibson was currently filming a Paca Lupto, an adventurous set before the Spanish conquest of Mexico and Central America couldn't be reached. Gibson's father, Hutton Gibson, has repeatedly denied that their Holocaust ever happened, saying before the release of the past of the Christ for example, at the Council of the Holocaust for mostly fiction, and asserting that there were more Jews in Europe after WWII than before. Gibson is declined of this associated himself currently from his father's views, according to Raphael Metoff, director of the David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies and Melrose Pennsylvania, author of the annual Study of Holocaust denial. Richard is home in West Virginia, Hutton Gibson, declined of the discusses views on the Holocaust, asked to a son's project, he said, I have no idea what he's doing in fact, in front of his son of my business. Say that 40 was owned by the Holocaust as a child, hiding in Slovakia is a friendly van Beaks, said, Gibson's involvement can help attract you, how they do their rejoice? The Beaks? That's it. So, Gibson's involvement can help attract a larger Christian audience to the project, and they're Beaks were sheltered by three different families of Dutch Christians. How do you like that? Praise the Lord, man, and past the ammunition, let's kill everybody who don't agree with us. Come on, by the way, Hector. Let's do it. 560560, let's do the break. That's what we want to do, and then we hear a lot more guilty calls, not. The one there at the end, though, is just, it's unacceptable. I'm just unacceptable. So in other words, he's obviously got the ability to perceive what he's supposed to be doing, but it's just he gets so depressed. And I understand when he loses almost every game, he can't do that. You can't let your personal emotions get in a way. You've got to put on a show for the audience out there. It's just like this, just because we may be pissed off and discussed it and fed up, we can't let on when the audience, and I don't know what we're pissed off about. We'll make something up. See what I'm saying? What he said? Who the hell is this guy? And they already, to hear from the kid about this. Oh, this is a CNN international again. Well, what a scam you guys are pulling man, another money saving, so what a scam. Oh my god, they open up a pot. It's like a simultaneous network on overnight, because we're too cheap to pay so that you have to do a live show. Good, godly, Miss Molly. You know, there's a lot of stuff going on around that place. And if we, maybe sell something, I'm more like Roller's watches. And we can probably afford to pay something, maybe even charge them to overnights for like 20, 30 bucks an hour. What are you saying? Five, five, six, six, 12, 13 at five, 60, WQA, and rich room filling sound from your iPod. It's the power of the Bose sound-doubt digital music system. It brings the music on your iPod. Like even charges your iPod while it be playing. Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear. And that's because only proprietary Bose technology. Let's you get the most from the music on your iPod. The system is friendly with iPod. iPod mini iPod nan when I pod with video. It's slick of parents stylishly blends with your iPod almost any room decor. Its easy view is even comes to the remote that controls the sound-doubt system. And basic functions of your iPod are across the room. Let the room filling sound of the Bose sound-doubt digital music system to very brand new iPod experience. And certainly iPod stick that baby in there and hear what happens. Experience the sound-doubt today at tweeter or Sharper Image or Target at Circuits City Compusa Apple or Best Bios. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16th. Wait a second we got a little problem. I'm holding just relax. No pressure. No pressure man. It's the QMF and way. No pressure. Oh here we go. Neil Rogers got an ordinary day. We can make sure when you get there that we go. Are you all right? All right. I think so. A car accident. Millions of people experience this unfortunate incident every year. One insurance company has you covered. So when accidents happen when disasters strikes. Think shit happens. That's happens insurance. We know there's something you can't control after all. Shit happens. We got a lot of heavy rain when the storm blew through. Flooded my basement. Cost thousands of dollars in damage. I lost a lot of my belongings. Who's devastating? But then I remember. Shit happens. Shit happens insurance. Covering your family when accidents and disasters strike. Because we know. Shit happens. Shit happens insurance. The subsidiary of Holy Shit Incorporated. You bet. Now Steve Kelly would throw along with who it was in there. Make it more exciting women. Yeah. Trump 19 at five 60. Nobody killed. We got the mole mice to retube. We got mad doggy at similar hard rock casino between four and seven. We got slots coming baby. If you check the local news, you better turn it right now. All right. It's probably too late. Check it for what? To see if they, uh, if the Senate and the, uh, house, the Florida Senate and the house have voted and, uh, finalized that slots bill. A lot of guys out there in this audience are very concerned about slots. One way or another. You, it doesn't need any, uh, okay. Why house defense got Marshall shooting death on our man. And I'm here while we, uh, uh, and they still got the same stale. Old story. Legislative deal. Six thousand slot machines and Broward by mid 2006. That's 15 had reached to the forward joins. One killed on a five car crash, i 75. Any are by our fight of Parkway. Oh, that's bad. That's right. By the Cleveland Clinic. Oh, they're out. Living against God's will could lead to the end of the world. The Pope born. Here we go. Now we got a story. Now and demand for taller Christmas tree to see the glam really, why they want like 25 foot tall Christmas tree so they can like shadow over to little teeny weaning menoras and all the other chaudks he's that everybody else has got. Pope, uh, Benedict and Nazi Pope born today that man's refusal to submit to the will of God will lead to the destruction of the world. You thought the last one was crazy. Oh, nothing. Nothing. You got to see that. That's out part. The comment was made as you celebrated a match to Mark the 40th anniversary of the conclusion of the second Vatican castle which sparked modernizing reforms in the 2000 year old Roman Catholic church and they finally said hey, that's a Leo. He wasn't a bad guy. He certainly was gay. But other than that, he never stole a freight train. Gail of Leo. Yeah, Gail of Leo. And then of course that Michael. Yeah, Gail of Angel. A man who abandoned himself to God does not lose his freedom Benedict XVI said, but if we live against love and against truth against God that we're destroying ourselves with destroying the world he weren't. So I would only in his, in his, my big view at the world is no one for people who aren't finding into his God, see, or his particular brand of religion. Right, his brand of nicotine. I wonder what brand of tea drinks? Or probably the same one is that the other pro. Human history was like a battle between man and a serpent, the battle between man and the force of evil and death. The man and the serpent he said, oh yeah, here we go again. They're always all obsessed with those serpents aren't they? Yeah, they always grab, grab, grab them with it. Especially if a little boy's got a hold of it. Man doesn't have confidence in God Benedict said he, he nurtures the doubt that God ultimately takes something from his life that God is a competitor who limits our freedom and that we can't be human beings without testing him aside. God is a competitor. He's always testing us while because he's a he's sadistic. He likes playing games. He's bored. I mean, if you were up there all the time, hang on. Yeah, yeah. But the liberty of being human being is the liberty of a limited being he had I see, at least in his mind. Pro Benedict also decried what he called the mistaken idea that living a virtuous life was boring. Oh yeah, especially when he had a chance to alter so many boys. During a Solomon of Versary ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica, what do you think they call it St. Peter's anyway? Well, don't go. Benedict uses fan as homily to talk about use of freedom and its relationship with evil. Evil, the evil doers. He started to sound more like, double you now. Only more articulate. But then again, man, he's so mysterious, shibble. Man nurtures this suspicion that God at the end of the day takes something away from his life. That God is a competitor who limits our freedom and that will be fully human only when we said him aside, he said, sounds like every peat in the same thing he said before. There emerges that in us this suspicion that the person who doesn't sit at all is basically a boring person, that something is lacking in his life. The dramatic dimension of being autonomous, that freedom to say no belongs to real human beings, the pot of said. See, this is the problem. How come he's not speaking out against the war and about all the innocent people are dying? What seemed to me that if such a thing is a sin, making up a bunch of lies so we can invade another country and have thousands and thousands of people dying getting mained and having their lives destroyed, that's his sin. Not going out into a little hanky panky, okay? What's somebody of legal age by the way, Papa? Oh, they don't go for that. No. In remarks after the mass-vetted, the urged people to overcome the temptation of a mediocre life made of compromises with evil, the devil, you're wrestling with that servant. Better can counsel too, but it's called for end. You better leave the list and judge court as you wayward center you. Excellent. All the way from the church, that's right. Backslider is right. Backsliper and backslider. That's what must have said. Better can counsel too, but a bit, but a bit, but about the council's reforms a lot of mass to be celebrated in languages other than Latin, folk songs and guitar playing were permitted and priests at the older face, congregations and said, and having their back to them. Oh, and I think there was something symbolic there when they put to their back to you. Right, though. Yeah. I think there was sending you a sublible message. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. The council called for efforts to bridge differences between Catholics and other Christians. It also produced a document which the Catholics used to be poured anti-Semitism. Of course, all those Jews are going to die anyway, but nevertheless, and completely, what is it? They receive each charge that plain Jews is people for Christ. What is that? They receive it. Oh, my Latin, like I used to. Well, you better get one of them. You better, I had three years of land and I never heard that word. They receive my ass. Domino for Biscum, baby. Yeah. Domino in the Bisco. Benedict described the second Vatican council as the most important. It pleases the answer to the 20th century as he gave the angelist blessing and Saint Peter Square on the holiday of the immaculate concept of the virgin Mary. The freaking virgin Mary. It's the immaculate conception. My God. You bloody lunatic you. Since the council, he said Mary had got into church on the road of the authentic conciliatory renewal to tireless work of the faithful interpretation and the implementation of the second Vatican council. And he said it gets a white and damp out of that overpass in Chicago too, and she made that great sacrifice as well. After the angelist, the Pope blessed the Olympic flame. Oh, the Pope, they said, is th- I believe that. Now we're finally starting a little truth. What time's out, Park on? I don't know what time you get it. All clear, but it's not probably Friday night, Saturday night. Now, I'll p-v-r recorded. The Pope blessed the Olympic flame which rapidly wins the end of the winter Olympics to be able to endure in February. And all the hockey players are going to be there. They're going to be doing all kinds of hanky, panky, and spanky over there. You know that. Those bottoms. So I think I have a few point at a year or more time. I will call my bank right now. I'll stop payment on chest. I haven't even written yet. How do you like that? Man. It's just the notion that you can just take somebody in troll money and all of a sudden poof your an a-a-a. I can understand if it was like in Kalamazoo, Michigan. If it was in Batany, New York. If it was like a Hershey Pennsylvania for the Hershey Bears or something like that, a minor league team. But it was supposed to be a supposed to be. And I underlined that I'm fatally supposed to be a major league market. A top 10, top 10, top to, something market, top 10, 10,000 market. And all of a sudden, hey Jimmy, you're a football announcer. Hey, Gilda, you're a hockey announcer. Hey, Mo, you're a human being. This is New Rogers. This is by 62. Even loves New Rogers. Oh cr одrary, huh? A cr surfing seventey? Oh crfairee. Oh, hereshosoulos. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fuck your doom. With the light being done your chest and the bruises I cut. The pain will go to our grave. You have a brand new style too. You have a brand new style too. Who's with the feeling of yourself? Take the bag I straight you have. When a building starts to grow, we go to the living room. You're a fashion girl who's got money for her. You have a brand new style too. From 32 a QAM. So, let's talk about the Vestal Vergeum Showing. Speaking of Vergeum's? Yes. That South Park episode is on tonight at 10 if you want to watch it. Oh, it sounds tonight? Yeah. I'll ride. Excellent. In fact, during the next break, I'm going to go in and make sure I got a PVR to be cord. I'm just amazed that they went there. Well, good. I'm ecstatic. There's a best. Absolutely the best. You got me, so I'm already seeing the movie. But I can actually act here to TV shows though. Can't I? The TV shows haven't always been as... I don't care. Braves they are now. This season has been spectacular. It's a good belief in this. Oh, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? Yeah, that's a good one. That's a good one. Is that the one you were talking about? Yeah, that's one we were talking about. Oh, that's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. What are you talking about? You get out of here, man. It's a little bleepy. You put a bleep in one. It was like a one from May, C.N. That day when it was like after the word was said, I do it like, hey, hey, hey. You like after the word is out there. Yeah, they're about the right. That's an audio-loly penis. JoJo, good. Good. Yeah. I'll find one that doesn't have. And then you'll have to hit the button and all this other stuff. What we got buttons. Yeah, we got buttons, man. We got like 70,000 dump buttons. Now thanks to the Howard Stern show, man. There's a real good. We could tell you stories, but we won't not today. Maybe we won't get closer to the holidays. How's the pull coming? I've actually moved it in a thousand votes and just with that. She's not even a hardship anymore. Now that we got, I got another one for the pull by the way for tomorrow. Chess. Okay. In fact, I did a Google search and I had already written that down in the first thing. I came up with on there. The only one is better. So for Chess, just playing it, but if you watch other people play it, yeah. Then I see a lot of food. How about in that movie? The Matt Damon movie with, what's his name? The midget. The midget. Yeah, Jude Law. He's a few kneecap. He's a motivator. He's a motivator. He's usually a very short guy. But nevertheless, I think. I didn't see it. He was short. The talented Mr. Ripley. Tell them, Mr. Ripley. When we were in Coach, remember they were playing Chess. They had the Chess board on the band. That's right. And Matt said, oh, gee, I'm really cool. Can I get in there with you? Well, they didn't have playstation back then. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Is that what it was? Yeah. How about an Xbox? In fact, don't you remember that's what I think I was an Icebox? I'm sorry. Remember that that was also in the movie? That's what Madge wanted was an Icebox as opposed to whatever he was given. Some stupid car. What's America's most shameful event? Slavery, 2021. We got 980s, we've got, well, we'll have a thousand before the next break is over. How do you like that, boys and girls? Oh, mark it down. I'm sure a lot of you keep an endire on this. And I'm sure Joel is doing it. Oh, gee, they're getting old. I mean, somebody must be enlisted. Yeah, there are a lot of people, isn't it? Okay. We have more people listening right now at this moment, Joel, fine bird. Then listen to your entire station in the year. Okay. Right now, this second. There are more people there in the side of my agitated, sirly old voice that are getting heard of crap. You're putting on here in the next year. And let me say again, boob turned into a meds job. And there's something wrong there, man, or something doesn't meet the eye. There's in her Roma. Ooh, man, or something really snicker about that. When you were great, yes you do. Yes. What's even George who, to know that he would know the meds if they invaded the studio right now. If Mike Piazza came and sat on his face. What's America's most shameful event? Slavery, 2024. Massacre, the Indians, 192. The fixed 2000 election, 189, and sure was. Thanks. All of you here about cats and herescent that plane? Invasion of Iraq 172. Clinton impeachment 60. Segregation 40. The Vietnamese war is only got. God, God, God said. What it is, and also based on that Gulf of Token resolution, which we now know, based on the memos we told you about today, a total fabrication, a total lie. There was no American ship attack. It was all alive. As a justification to go in, and I scone L.B.J. The thing he did, where are we? Civil War 23. Only 23. That was the glorious conflict in history of the country, the only 23. And embarrassing. My God. And guess what? The North still thinks they won. How do you like that? Surprise. Surprise. Every election time. Surprise. You may think you won, but we did good old boys. We're still running things. Oh, he'll. Bairf Pigsby asked go 17. You see, if this were on another station, that would have like 45,000 votes already. Comonista, Comonista, Comonista, Comonista, Yadiya, et cetera. We don't have any of those people out of care. What you say? We have none of that crap under those people. Well, well, what do you mean by those people? Those people? They, I mean, those who maintain teeth and play dominoes in dominoes, park all they want. They don't speak English and wouldn't be right. Even if they could. Right. And where, why are bears that are like 10 sizes too big? Those people. Oh, you right. The McCarthy, which on 12, Dr. McCarthy, A. Joe. You're fairy. Hey, right. Hey, right, Colin. Do fairery. Hey, David, try and do fairery. Anyway, Watergate, a Japanese, well, and David, trying actually got married and had a family, which is really kind of said because they were chasing them all around and just never worked out. Gee, David, try and. Watergate, a Japanese internment camp six and based on 86, Iran conferences six, say them which trials for Solomon, they cropped real. Invasive grenade or one, and invasive Panama is still not in there. This audience figures that were anybody that's as it had like that to zero to get invaded. Right. Go ahead and think. Well, he shows that maturity. 998. That's really great. In fact, like I said before, we go to the next break. We're going to have a thousand votes. Just like Tom Hager, not Tom Hager, what was his name? Tom Hager. No, not Tom Hager. And network. What was his name? Bob Dubal. Oh, I heard it. For a very good Frank Hackett. I watch out here we've four noon. If you're not out here, I'll have you thrown out. Remember that scene with William Holdenworth. Such a great movie. See, I don't really care any punk that tells me I fell asleep. You know, something fine. We're tasting in your touch. That's fine. Too much booze man. It messes up your brain. It's a great movie. The acting in that movie is just spectacular. In fact, that's you. It'd probably been right up there near the top of the list on that full. Whenever we took it yesterday. When the hell we take that. Yesterday. Okay. About to hurt. Lots hard to keep tracking. Yeah. We're doing three polls. We're doing two days and two dolls and stuff like that. Too many two dolls. That's what's affecting your mind. That's why you can't appreciate we're good film. Go let it much happiness if you all better shape. Oh, no. So for version in here, I beg your pardon. I said, no chance of that. No. Now he's not watching that. Definitely not for you. I'd stick with like, you know, last you come home. Oldy hour would be good. We kind of said though. The network is so much to me. Again to me, like the Godfather in this respect. All the acting performances are sensational. The lines and almost every scene are memorable. And let's not to like. And if the only thing the only thing you remember from that movie was. Time is mad as hell. But I don't think that was on your memory. You'd have to say, man, it's fantastic. It's amazing to me. Yeah. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. It's telling them all. Right in the middle of the shit. Yeah. He just he just kind of, right in the middle of the shit. Just a matter of a flora. Or you never know it. I love that. We're like just a momentary like this connect. Or I'm like reaching for a facts back here or something. Just the facts. And you go into such a cold sweat. It's just fabulous. It's like a little on the reason to be doing the show from as far away from there as possible. How's that temperature? You think I'm going to be delivering any more FedExes to a kinkose that I don't think so? Maybe that today. It looks man. There's not a cloud in sky. It's sunny. It's like what is a lot of flakes out there. In fact, the temperature is minus two. Not too bad. It's Bobby. Minus two is like what? 28. Yes. Can they? Yeah. 20. You better get with your temperatures, Mr. You know, your Celsius from your over. Whatever. I don't have to because we leave it in America. I see. Well, screw you. When chill. Let's see overnight. Minus five with a few fluries. Minus five. Not too bad. Kind of toasty. I'll close the five centimeters in the next 24 hours. Oh, we're going to have like some machine. I'll go on a graph. I'll see if it's getting close to Christmas in Chinook. That way we want to white Chinooka. Senator. The whole time. His centimeters are like a very small amount. I can't wait to tell you what it's about. I think like five centimeters, they like maybe a, I don't know, two quarters of an inch. Are they close to a millipede? They're picking on me again. I'll look at that Friday and send me. So it's sunny. And it's minus two already. We've already reached the high for the day. Okay. But people are high. And the reason if you went out on the street you understand, you can smell it. They're smoking big fat ones and small skinny ones and all kinds of man. Pin joins all over the joint. And nobody's getting like, oh, gee, they're smoke and marriage. Weeny, all of a sudden they're crap because this is not the USA. Thank goodness. This is like way, you know, a thousand years advanced. I'm about to go. See there you go. Where's that? See now you got me like side track on South Park. Good. So it's a, yeah, that's the idea. So it kind of clocked tonight. What is it? It's on Comedy Channel. MSNBC ABC CNN. Tales 2467 and 10 and whatever you do don't miss it because it'll piss all of our prison Catholics off. This is me. You know who's baby is. It's 5. 16. 8. Oh. What's the night before Christmas? The whole house was narrow. Not a creature with staring. Because I had my gun. I'm going to kill him. When I find a roof, I heard something. No. I'll kill him. No. No. Keep it down. When what's in my wandering, I should appear. But the dawn of all else. And he friggin' reindeer. Where the slotted ass out. And a young man. Because he shouted, he called the my name. You're calling. You're trying to be your joy. You're veto. They call him. He's any. They're ruckal. They gooodle. We split back black hair. And a red silk suit. Don Christopher was he. And he brought the loot. As I drew out my gun. And he'd bite a bed. He flew straight away. He slapped me upside the head. And he'd hit me. And he'd bite me. And he'd bite me. No, all you get was cold. You friggin' moron. Then point in a finger. Right up my nose. He pushed at his pinky ring. And up to chimney he rode. Then I hide him yellow. Why, at least, he expected. My very friggin' Christmas norm. And you've better show some respect. Come on, my first go home. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, kind of cute. Not as cute as the fascist Christmas, but I can't play that. It's good thing I got my dish in that during the break. Damn it. It's got an inward in there. So you better tell your little ball net a chicken that that we need that again very soon. All right. He needs to recut that. Just like find some other word. Just stick in there. Besides the inward. Okay. Brian. Christ on mighty. We got a thousand votes already. A thousand. A thousand nine. Ten is a matter of fact. Are you impressed or what? I'm just blown away. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line. We decided to hold a lot of important things today. We decided we desperately want to stick around because without those bits life wouldn't be worth a crab. We decided that guilty is not ready for prime time to say the very best. And we also decided to do what else. That was a contrived deal. A publicity start over across the street and it's still ain't going to help. You're still going to have a point. Oh, especially in midday. especially in midday. You can find an audience with a search party Joel who you can. How many QIM? Hello. Hello. I wonder how long before Daddy pulls the plug on that dear? Yes sir. You're in Buenos Aires, Rio. Yes. Rio, long time listener, came with her quest. I hope it's a lot of dollars. Could I please hear from young Neil or P.T. from Fembro Fine? Well I was first play on the other day. Remember that? Yes you were. And I guess I lied or I just plain forgot about it. If this day's like I always use the nilvy as an excuse. Back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. And why is this not going to happen? America's youngest dog chill host, six year old Neil Rogers. Okay, I guess we're done with Neil. And there's four minutes left in the hour. Two or six in cross. Only. Sir. Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. Listen, I came from my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. Oh, the good old D&C. We're in a portion that people are used. Then I asked how many other people did likewise. And they said, no, my business. Yeah, we're a real nice of there. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of American. Have a nice life. Go. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Somebody on. Yes. Neil. Yes. Neil. Neil, you're a stinky, pink, old, blue, sniff, and dead, water at a fancy. They call. So she's bent so far. Did we say, Pandy? Sounds me good off. We're a mung brain. I run my bike, three miles every Saturday to do this show. And this guy called me named. She might use her. She may not use her. Same on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new MP? No, what are you? Can't believe that. Hey, this is my son. I'm the millions of producers in the world and they speak to me in here with me. Hey. Shut my door. Then we can pass a hello. How are you? You're your studies such a nice boy. Come out of your flat towel, Rob. Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. Hey, I read this. It offers some other stations. Pet heavier, almyra, Fred Doria. But instead, I stay here on everything you grow test. Step here and do the back. Unbelievable to meet the hell. Oh, is this new hater? Look at the phone that you want sir. How far again? Do you have a dial phone? I want. No, I had to put it to the operator. Two bucks. Let's get into that. Hey, I was listening to jewelry rentals on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I was a man, but he's a daughter-in-law man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, she said, I get a set. And if you think he's saying, no, wait, Tony, how can you? Okay, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of this shell. But I don't know. You think the bird poop? Talk to me once you went away. The sun set was taken as stupid as pulled because of the story. And I keep checking it as if they voted yet, but I can't find any information back. One way or the other. Let me just say that leaders have COD, a new deal that allows 6,000 vaguestile slot machines and four locations in Broward by mid 2006. The sun set will say, is, when you gamble with these machines. And there's only four choices there. No, I don't gamble. No, I do gamble on a case, but I don't like slot playing slots. Yes, I will play them occasionally, or yes, I'll play them regularly. They left off, of course, the most popular one. Yes, I'll be touching my guts out. They left that off. It's wrong with them. That's a sudden sentinel for you. I mean, they haven't even finished their side of the bill yet, and it's not even completely a done deal. And already they're like a peeing cold water on it. Were you gamble of these machines? 43.2. They got 6, 180 responses all the way. I got a goose that up a lot. I already voted. Yes, I'll play them regularly, even though I won't, because I'm not going to be there. But, you know, I guess, like, curiously, I will. Just find me a good machine, man. I don't gamble 43.2 percent. We'll not go. No, I do gamble occasionally, but don't like playing slots. 12.9 percent. So that's like 46.1 percent there. But, 34.9 percent. So yes, I'll play them occasionally, and 9 percent, nine. Say, yes, I'll play them regularly. So that's 44 percent. So that's almost half. That's enough. If almost half of the public goes out there and takes their lunch money and their bread money and their bus money and their money for their kids school books, and stuff like that and just punches their guts out. That's enough, right? Right. How you're, I will guarantee you that your Josh court is will be a ghosting part. I guarantee this. Tying slot machines. Oh, yeah. Before the end of next year, you'll be there. It's right up to street. It's right up to road up to Hershey Highway. Well, I live next to Pompo no park. Well, like I said, you'll be a top and no park. You really do live next to Pompo no park. What did win more? I live in Pommer. A human palm air where they immediately nages death, no, no, not not part of. Tom air. Oh, my gosh. Talk about aging rapidly. It must be working on a show that did to a piece of it. And I'm going to see him. I don't live in the, I've been to his complex. He's got lots of young hipsters there. Not in the condo part right there. Right. Some more in Melvin. You mean I know him well. Yeah. You live in Pommer. Oh, bro. Anyway, he was really close to Pompo. No park. So you can go to him. Pungent the slots. I'll fix you up with a good machine. I'll talk to my good buddies over there. Pompo no park. Well, fix your ass real good. Get him the free meal at least. And give you a game there. I'll take the carry it. And I don't have to feed all richy. And they could probably feed 20 people now. Oh, man. But he did like that. Could I dip? He liked that a lot. It reminds me of my old friend buzzmushin for my selling and selling days. Where I worked for about two months. About a lot. Buzzmushin buzzmushin. That was his name. He looked like he looked. It was a perfect name. He was a big blob. Blavo. And we go to breakfast. And he would order like pancakes and eggs and bacon and ham. And French toast and a small diet drink. I'm not making it up my, all the time. All the time. He would order all kind of enough food to feed the Chinese army and a small diet drink. Because it made him feel better like he was really trying to cut down by having that. Not just a diet drink, a small diet drink. You know, like in a symbol. Which is not good because you got to wash that 14 pounds of orders. You're going to order. I don't know. I don't know. But we hate you like boys, man. I'm going to tell you don't want to kiss kids. So ugly. Oh, Jesus. How many are there? There's like Julian. And Sean. And Sean. And they are. And of course, when you look at the parents, you say, Wow, what do you expect them to like make beautiful children? Of course not. Oh, here we go. You're starting again. Well, you brought her up. I'll be good over here for you. To be the Vargas. See it in Los Angeles. Oh, great. There's strawberry fields park corner square. So let's see. Now if I refer to this, well, this is going to get all screwed up. Because the sunset will really really funky things on the web sometime. Uh, it's seen how it's like hesitating. It's stinging about like maybe doesn't want to pop up on it. Oh, there it is. 730. We got a quick 49 responses on there. And yes, I'll play regular went down as a matter of fact. See the power of Neil. Now we've got a little under 44%. Uh, it says it's about same. I thought I really care if you want to go. That's the one thing. Nobody's going to have a hook and drag you in off the street and force you to play. Okay. Nobody forces you to play. Like last year, right around the same time. And there's this big anti-mama lady in Jesus. Practically in tears. And I'm playing my machine. And she says I didn't know idea who she was. But that doesn't stop people from over and over and over. When you're looking for a sympathy or shorter to cry. Oh, I brought $3,000 to go shopping for my kid today. And I stopped here on a way and I lost it all. Fool. And I thought to myself, you idiot. Yeah, like she wants sympathy for me. Simply from the devil. She had $3,000. And I thought to myself, yeah, likely story hunting. And she, she just made a pissed off. Like she didn't know she was going to lose it. Yeah. Like she thought maybe she was going to like parlay it in like 50 grand. Right. So she could have brought her kid and I saw yellow convertible catalyker. Some who are you kidding, honey? A fool. And it's money. Our soon party. Or is John Lennon? I ring so. I'm myself. I ring so. All right. Bye everyone. See you there. He's still singing. Where did that? They're good. He's singing. He's dead. But he's still singing. More power to you, John. He's got a gun. He's five, sixty, two, three, four. We have. We have. We're going to open Boca Tiggas. Life and all the women would paint in. Let's run the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one or two. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I just hearing balance one or two hours. We're. We're. We're. To the center. We're. We're. To the center. I got a sweat of from my grandpa. It was being kind of black. But don't worry. We hear heart. We're. We're. We're. To the center. We're. Just. Just. We're. Just. Just. We're. Just. Just. Your. You. You. Yeah. Yarnes. No. They.'s gonna. I got a. I got a. To.では Our. No. But this is Christmas. But really stone. But return to Santa. So needs to be rude. But this is Christmas. I got screws. A return to Santa. A return to Santa. It's a one of the shrew. I'm looking at the sun set. Anyway, they got over 800 votes on there now. Now listen, I want to make sure that I'm recording the right thing that I'd because South Park is on here at 930 and again in midnight. Repeat. They usually throw a grenade at the half. I'm 30 and 10. No. Well, let me just read you what it says at 930. Cartman finds start him hard to handle one of his body parts. That's not it. Well, I mean, it's a very funny episode, but no, that's not the one. That's not the one. No, that's the one it's on here tonight. You have a different Canadian comedy. Of course. Oh, I don't know. Maybe tomorrow night. Or maybe last night. We're so far ahead. I'll tell you what song. We knew the schedule really. We were going to say, oh, seven o'clock, 154 at 730, come 54. Just relax, 830, nine o'clock to Simpsons, nine 30 South Park, 10 o'clock top cultured, 1030, we know 911, the daily show at 11, something report at 1130. What's that? Colbert report. Are you eating again? We're eating still. From what? And then South Park face bragged you to best baby. South Park is on again at midnight and let's see. That's the same one. They repeat them over the weekend, definitely the new ones. In other words, what does it say on there? They rip for a little character to an ascent. Asses of the active ingredient. The. They rip the top program and that whole the statues, windows coming morning, ñ We have some awards for this. I'll introduce some papers for a bit over the weekend we have 306 or 46 more worked. It's at zumir, took around 60 languages. And everything is in specific content. episodes about look for stands dad getting arrested for okay from okay got it it'll be on this relax five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless lines we got way over a thousand votes and a pool no problem with that we got tomorrow's pool building building building to a crescendo name something where someone strictly for suit intellectuals we got jazz Paris cabala cabala then is Miller the name Matthews band fan the Blair Witch Project television jeopardy sushi poetry poet read nice poem would be nice classical music and chess woo for suits how about the polo polo is that a suit thing or like a blue those things well for wealthy suits man all right wealthy suits play polo the word and I don't see like the world family and they play polo and they bathe balls around and some of them actually do it while they were in their kills no less I heard they were batten birds five six seven oh five sixty they are pound five sixty on the so it's no coincidence that the Nazis are taking over the world again because when you got the British royal family are really a bunch of German Nazis I mean what does that tell you huh that's planes a lot that's why that's why they had a killed Diana get that which out of the way she was interfering with all their plans deputy q a m hello yes sir how are you pretty good meal the report about the flood machines what is the proposed rate that the legislator's going to tax 50 percent 50 percent is way too high well you asked me a question I'm not here to defend it I'm just on the descent wanted thirty five to one sliding scale up to fifty five percent and the house wanted fifty five percent flat and so they compromise and fifty percent I just don't see the parametual facilities being able to turn off at when the taxes is fifty percent here they will be well they will but I mean it's no I don't have those machines as ten as a snare drum baby you can be it's not it's not the windfall they were expecting the the amount of money that was going to revive the parametual facility in self-floor it's still going to be nice but it's not going to be uh... that's okay right it's not going to be a windfall that's right you want to know why physics in florida that's exactly right well the setting is this is how the uh... yahu's up in north order that's how they legislate they'll offer the election to get the front of the she's yeah so they're going to tax the crap out of it so they need to be able to do whatever they can to try to make it fail and say see we told you so it's all they they lied about the numbers and much to do by another man they exactly right it's a different thing get jibble shout that's enough on the election could look at the party he's depressed of our market to tell me I'm here could tell it's only thirty percent fifty percent we took a high right what just chocolate about one about your line oh it's so typically everything happens in florida say backwater place i mean i don't take any pleasure in that any not has to somebody would say that we doesn't know what it means uh... it's just it's uh... not good it's not good it's a back-ass place and nothing good is ever going to come over because uh... you got too many red next and too many good old boys and too much corruption and too much crap and too many people share and too many hands i guarantee that if you had any idea fact just stop and think back when the original thing was on a valid okay i'm not talking about the second election and they can be brought for the voters to decide their course you're fed as governor came and screwed up the day real good for call to and flagger and so on screw them big time i'm talking about when it was originally on a ballot statewide and just in fact in these yahu's who are involved in uh... you know and trying to prevent people from voting for this all and as they ran on tv and it was going to be the end of the world and people be taken their lunch money and everybody be bankrupt all the so the crabbin come to find out that lot of those people were on a uh... i get paid off by certain special interest okay which we probably want to go to because our you know joyce will have an respect uh... but you know what i'm talking about yes i do they don't want to be said a pie they want to hold time all for me that's it that's exactly correct now let me see i don't want to get started again you know he's he's just a star for us if you wanted to like come in the fence it do anything you can't be nice to him okay just a uh... a bastard that's all he's a we you know so across the street they got down a bastard we got our own the bastard and believe you may i never met the other one but i think it's a match made in purgatory somebody to play and hello to a and eighty-hour and so far and i tried to get through last week i wanted to hear the uh... twelve bit where he's he does the mimey often found but that's all the buffalo bill stuff that's uh... that's a great piece and i'm not as the broled and uh... you can't go to her and we need to go to the public side so who never he is this week bill spits on that that's a special one uh... that's a good at an organization of bill are you sure however he's pretending to be this week uh... especially getting to the uh... the banjo bit's dollars from that hit part right there and so i played twice last week as they were playing the uh... choking gagging bills but i might just have to play it again i've i've missed it i was trying to get through desperately that's all has a football team that great is in the land everybody thinks they're great i think they're really hot the buffalo bill so i don't know what i mean so just sing a one when you say buffalo soup and here it is that buffalo bums buffalo bums and it's even that his free of human race bullbails and great is there same slice bread and can't be yeah there you go and you're jazzed up that red next stuff illicit it banjo holy sweet god listen we say buffalo bills and don't sound so red necky doing everybody sing along now are you bill fan here we go well the buffalo bills are the best team they have the best record of the last five years and they went to the super bowl for times which is more than i can say for this some second thing and their and their a great is but they really like that uniform they sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet i stand up buffalo whole bills the best football team what i ever seen in the history of my life they are up low bills up buffalo bills up low bills don't hold a gently telly they're ready to squirt it back in the leaves yeah everybody that buffalo bills get up buffalo bills and they've been around longer than they're stinking rocking fish well and i buffalo bills well i should what would you have to have as a pent up buffalo or a fish i told i keep my eye on it here is from the Suncent oh maybe special session on slots and Medicaid and everything's good and early they don't know over over do you know they don't want to be overwork and floor bill makers today agreed on Medicaid overhaul new slot machine regulations and a sweeping ethics package our poised and the weeks this week special session they early they're done racing towards a finish line little plan words the two million dollar so much for revard counties willton dead wrongly imprisoned for 22 years and a new NASCAR license tag intended to lure the sports hall of fame to date on a beach we're also poised for final passage Medicaid and slots will agree the house speaker Alan Benz republican of Panama city lobbyist reform or agreement on fan ask governor bush we know about that but but a big two came really they went Benz said the chamber would accept the sense demand any expansion could only occur with approval of the full legislature that's uh... what is that Medicaid that's not the slots it's Medicaid this is a very bad article the house of the governor wanted to program to spread the body uh... similar negotiations through the way for slot machine regulations in broad where voters are spring okay the yada law makers agreed to get a fifty percent tax rate on what machines take in that's like the guy said ridiculous with the money your mark for education a lot of the counties three tracks and for up and uh... high-lifron and i have fifty in her machine's each so it's a done deal how do you like that nice going boys okay now don't make him too tight we want a good machine my father appropriately contract wommer team against against Indianapolis and they're going to face them competitive teams. They have the thing I would do is I wouldn't give up the cheap touchdown. You know you watch the game last week that I couldn't believe I was the first player they throw at 80R fast for touchdowns. So you've got to play like containment type of coverage and make a moon and hope that he makes them a spacer to get some bad at balls or the receiver gets hit and fumble after the catch. So you stay in the game that way with a chance to win at the end. That's him or he's over excited. 4-3-5-6. 4-5-4. No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Whitefoot. Really you bet. And now Gordon Whitefoot takes his best known song, the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and gift raps it around your favorite carols to create his new how they have him. Gordon Whitefoot sings Christmas. Yes Gordon Whitefoot is coming to town with a swayload of songs like this. It's Gordon Whitefoot's sing's Christmas and you'll want a beat of like and rum when you hear his rendition of the Little Dremor boy. Gordon Whitefoot has compiled a holiday music collection you'll wish would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Whitefoot's Christmas. 119-5-16-WQM Moa Howard Day did come along at 2. Got a couple of baseball notes here that I'm sure Josh should be all with up to a frenzy about. And I want to apologize to Mike Piazza. I understand that this deal happened after I mentioned that he was going to sit on George's face. No, it didn't take very long and the power of Neil again. Mike Piazza's days with the mess are over. See that? Well I mean you knew that. The mess declined today. The offer is yesterday to offer a salary arbitration at a long time. Capture cutting test will be the best hitters in franchise history. The move was no surprise and now the 12-time all stars likely to join an American League Kingdom can use them as a DH. You know what the H stands for George? It does look native hitter. No. Okay. This is going to be the high-end end. Now. Now here's, no that's just the after-no. Who cares about Mike Piazza? Oh, anyway, speaking of Piazza. Marlins. Okay. Marlins first continues his tide-jillings heads to Detroit. Were you aware that? Now I am. You didn't know about that, huh? I didn't know about that. You know something between getting the final story on there which we probably had to be for just about anybody because all the networks in the middle were so poppers and crap. It's just amazing the power of the power of the country. And thanks to this, uh, internet's. Because certainly thanks to the people inside. We got no information about anything. I mean, absolutely. Unless it has to do with a ball game or some crap on some of this does, but nevertheless, it's just pathetic. Oh, we're going to get a news wire knee and then we're going to go 50,000 watts. And we're, yeah, we're right. Yamama. Lye and lie and make-up stories, but I'll take the cash. I was paid a day by the way. Clarence, get with it. Tide-jones who say 40 games for the cash-strap Marlins by a season is on the verge of finalizing a two-year contract with the Detroit Tigers, according to report on the team's website. The MLB.com store says the deal for the veteran closures expected to be announced that they believed to be worth about six million dollars. I didn't like that. A free agent resurrected to square with Marlins last season, but a beat for the boot, but about 37 years old returns to the team he played for for nearly five years, the Tigers had traded him to Minnesota for Mark Redmond. Let's see, if the season started today, Miguel Cabrero would be the only a holdover from the 2005 opening day starting line up. Don troubles, a Nate bump would be the Nate bump who doesn't know that. Really, who reliever? Well, if you want to call him that, would be the only pictures back from my stage opening day staff. This is not a fire sale. This is a demolition derby. This is a forest fire. They have absolutely eviscerated what used to be the Florida Marlins. And now you people are stuck with tickets that you don't want. You're going to have to go to court. In fact, Norma Kent instead of like to emailing me earlier like you did about, oh, here's his chance now he can play for the Marlins because they got nobody else. And I emailed him back and said, no, but at least now you can take showers with him. Instead of that, he ought to be representing all these people. Call of Norma Kent, okay, he'll get a class action suit going. Just absolutely suit their ass, put not a phony product. It's unbelievable. The players of Marlins have traded one peer, Michael O'ol, Josh Beckett, um, manny motor. I mean, whatever it is, what was his name? Guillermo mode. Guillermo, wow, that was a young member of manny motor. Baby, you don't know your old pirates, it's a trivia. You better get with it. Guillermo mode on VGermol. Carlos Delgado, Luis Castillo and Paul Ladoca. The players they lost their free agency or retirement AJ Burnett, Jeff Cohen, I'm easily, who tells easily. Hey man, oh, Dana, he's easily. That's right. Like, he's a real, I hate to wait at, uh, Al Michael's used to. Nice, easy, right? He's like, scratch an ear's on a fingerboard, like, uh, on the blackboard, on the fingerboard. God, Mike, he's a real, oh, come on, cut it out. Alfonsoca, Valdez, Juan Carlos, and Carlos, and Carlos, and Carlos, and I was on. Well, it's got too many syllables in for me. Juan Carlos, Juan Carlos, Alex Gonzalez, and Jim Messier, and Jones. Jim Messier, who knows what that is. Now the picture, another picture. Wow, I don't know. I don't know if he intended it anyway. But it's just, it just, fast, my faddle asked, known as somebody that was a little bit bothered about it. A lot of people I'd like to, you know, spend my, go to support franchises and they're always buddy, you can all, if these people was just supported to, well, guess what? The right number team. The right number, Marlins, okay? The Marlins, as you knew them are gone. They've vanished, right before they, they smeared on Spanish and cream on a whole team, and they're gone. Nobody could have dreamed that in such a short period of time, you little, he probably comes up to your knee camp, you know? He probably bought his tallies due to law without the, a town law. I forgot to look at that. What's that? Dude, I'll tell you, that didn't know it was short. He, he's short, believe me, man. I've seen, well, five, six, seven, well, I don't know if I see it, but man, Damon, I think wanted to. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, sixty, hey, Matt, you're fair, we're not fooling me. There are some people, not that it makes any difference. It's just fun to speculate, you know? It's no consequence, especially in today's enlightened age in Canada and in most of the free world, under the USA, it's five, the live places. Huh? He's five, 11. Who is, dude, law? Jula? Well, maybe he just hunch his downla. You've got 11? Five, 11, according to three sites that I just, I got the impression he was like, you've got to be kidding me, maybe he ain't got the tall people all day. Does that what is? Now, you, you, you, you, you, you, you're looking up to my guy, you're looking up to your, dude, law. Oh, he's a little, he's a little, he's a little, he's a little, he's a little, you know, I was looking up to you, law. Ha ha ha ha, yeah. Look up to you, mama. Tell me do you, who I am, hello? Hey, now, yes, sir. I'm about to be a bowl of momma, Baccarara. Baccarara. Yeah. How about it? I'm about to be a momma. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight. Backer rat, but it's called Baccarara, I was so as backer rat. They do, say, Baccarara. I know that. And he said, that's where we're going to watch out for. Right. It was good church. Also, all since we're speaking of the, what am I asking you, I've got to write it down. What about, like, is it, bridge, that's the, anti-V now? Oh, yeah. Is it, I really, I'm, oh, the point poker on TV, but which is the one that, like, only, you know, so it's, play, I mean, poker. Your, your hand is being, you're asking me about an army man's game. Oh, you mean, like, old maid. Go fish. Go fish. Yeah, or, yeah, the fish. He's being the fish, what happened to them? What is counterleaser? I've been counterlier. That's going to be my new name for a counterlier. What a bitch. Anyway, what are we doing? Are we putting, what poker? Oh, not a suit game? The poker's for sure. I was talking about bridge. Really? You said poker. Okay, I said, okay. I said if you like her. Anyways, 26 past one, a QM, we got the moment, and it's going to be silly. I'll go ahead and just real quick. I want to add in that this spot, this operation will be a little long, because I got throw a spot in there. So it's going to be a five-listen. You know, what's the pot of time when I was young and foolish? I would like me to be stupid. Oh, we're doing, we're doing. Listen, I'm just like, you know, okay? If it goes from now to one, 59, as they say in Ethiopia, gave us interheat. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16, getting a, zero-yielding delightful sounds of birds in your backyard, yet live in constant fear of eating and flu. Well, now you can enjoy our feathered friends, and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath. Oh, hey, look, honey. It's a brown-headed cow bird. It's beautiful and no longer contagious. The electric bird bath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu eradicating power. Look, honey, it's a white-dressed nut. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Correction deer is a smoldering black-pressed nut hat. And if you order the electric bird bath now, willing to do a free box of polywana, an exploding cracker. Oh, they want a cluck. The electric bird bath. Because dying of avian flu is for the birds. One, thirty, two, and I haven't been ignoring your faces. I just haven't been getting because I had a paper jam and I didn't even realize that I had jam on it. Huh, look at the jam on it. All the time. I was going to read your from Toronto says, go, leave, go. Yeah, they're going all right. They're going down the two. It was very, very Joe. They're going down the two. He says, go to the cabinet network.ca, which I just didn't. I thank him very much for that. He said they show new episodes every Friday at 9.30. So I'm assuming that's when you be talking about. Right. I said, yeah. Well, I mean, with the one that I'm talking about with whatever the hell I was, was that I mean, you should know if you watch it religiously. Right. Is that old? No. Brand new. No, no, no, the one that I was talking about. Oh, that's old. Yeah. OK. He was on the one on Friday, which is just fine as well. OK. I'll be sure in the TV, whatever. Now here's some choices for the poll, which I have to apologize for, obviously, because one of them might be the winner. But better get this on there right away. Nuking Japan. OK. Says the most shameful of that paper tray about the US was the nuclear destruction of the under-funded cities of Hiroshima, Nagasaki, which caused a burning death of over 360,000 and women and children. 360,000. Not to mention, of course, the birthday text that they're gone on for like 60 years. How about the reelection of W for the poll? Says Steve. I think the reelection, yeah, that's embarrassing. You wouldn't be able to stole that one, too. But yeah, that's, I mean, it's full of the same line. How's that go? Full me one thing on Friday, in the next. OK. Maybe you got it, Narcissot. Thank you, full again. Whatever that is. And then, of course, the most important fact of all this story is just sensational. You probably thought I was ignoring these, didn't you? No? How long ago were you sending these? And I also got to launch them as Susie a second time. So, that's not it. Yeah. Well, said on the bottom, I'm sorry for sending you a second time. Who wrote that? Her? I don't know. Why did you send this second time? I didn't. Well, came through a second time just so we didn't piss off Susie. Anyway, wait till the audience hears this. Williston for mine. For the old killer, Greg Reed. Reportedly has landed a job working in a harrelon. Oh, God. Fantastic. Maybe you can get somebody an adjuncted like give a good haircut for once. We need to have got out of prison this spring after serving nearly 17 years for Arson and Murder is working for best cuts for less. A salana, a tax-corner in Williston sources told the Caledonian record. Tax-corner has probably got to 12 corners and Rochester had never gotten in a wooden road. Right across from my elementary school dear Watson. Right by Rekitty Cordoord where Donna Bob's used to be all were those the days. And I frozen custard to buy for. I didn't have any ice cream yesterday because it was a wood bind day. Is that how that works? Only one indulgence per day. I don't eat. I have my bacon in the morning and I go there on Wednesday right at two o'clock. And I can't buy three non-radicum home, whatever I've lost enough for one and up and I don't eat. And I came home and it made me a cheeseburger last night and I was all I eat all day after my bacon. And I hopped on the scale and said one 91. I didn't like that. That's just fine. So if I went there every day, it about six months I'd be broke. But man, I'm way about 40 pounds. And you wouldn't afford to eat. You couldn't afford exactly. Anyway, we have perfect match. Anyway, Greg Reed is the former state representative from St. John's Brewermont who served just one term in the Ivormont house before his political career was cut short by a six scandal and involving a girl who'd been a page of the legislature. Oh my God. A six-scale involving Greg Reed was a real page turner I understand. He returned to St. John's Brewery and a year later he bought a commercial building on Eastern Avenue to the property house among other things a Harris Alain now run by his ex-wife. Greg Reed has an ex-wife, what do we do that? A planet 84 to collect insurance money on that building by two of the arson for higher scheme then Reed helped murder one of the two arsonists to prevent them and from talking to investigators. He was arrested on the murder charge in summer 84 and I guarantee a lot of people are worked for QM which I think he's killing them. And until recently he'd been imprisoned. Technically he's still a prisoner though as a phuro-e he's not that's a new word. We just learned one voice and girls a phuro-e. That's for real. He's not serving time outside prison walls. He was placed in the cold-chester area about two months ago exactly where a phychel ain't be seen. During all those years Reed apparently kept up his state licenses as a cosmatologist. How do you like that? So there you go. That's always a thing. Greg Reed. Yeah. So that must be connected to some of those stories that are full of all around you know what? I mean if I had a chance to go to work in a harrelon I think I'd certainly grab it. Oh yeah. Remember what William Holden said to Howard Beal? Grab it. You want to be an angry prophet? You now see me apoccuses in our times. Well what's wrong with being angry? Well I'm grab it. That's a great scene. They're all great scenes by it. I'm trying to, you know, I'm not going to convince people. And just like that crap you started the yesterday about, well guys have thicker skin. First of all let me just tell you something about the guys in this business. I don't want to mention any names. I don't want to get into personality. Oh, you don't do it. Oh, you don't do it. Oh, you guys in this business have real thin skin. Yeah. Yeah. Is there anything to be about that? No. Not thick skin. In addition to which having thick skin means it's tougher so it doesn't mean that you look better longer. It means that you're like aging faster. You have your particular taste but nevertheless. Trust me what I tell you. All right. But every six skin. The year I've said with that foreskin. Right. That's a being Jewish myself. I, I, I, I dispense with that literally and figuratively long. Well, and then of course I started traveling through Europe and it all of a sudden made a big comeback. But it's, it's like everywhere. The on-wallstances. They're everywhere. Anyway, 1140 votes on the full-time. That's good. I have my taste. He's your dollar. If I were you, I got a good idea for it. Stick with the ladies. Okay. Sticky. Yes. Stick with the team. I'm a little bit embarrassed and put other people in. I can't. You're comparing that in women. But a straight guy can't. Also, in other words, I can't tell a beautiful woman. Why, see one? Is that what you're telling me? No, but see, you don't like women. All right. I'm listening. Get the shovel out. You actually is digging a hole here. Hop right into it. You don't like women. They don't look good to you. What do you mean I don't like women? That's not true. What kind of a statement is that? Your taste and that is particular. I have, let me just say this to you. I have the greatest I for a really beautiful woman. Believe you me. That doesn't mean I want to do anything with it. But I certainly can recognize. For example, if somebody put a beautiful, I'd have thought a good comparison to their can't stand the smell of fish. Oh, at any rate. Moving right along. Moving right along. Yeah. Do I know I was going to say I don't, you know what I was going to say? Yeah, if moving right along. Yeah. If I were a vegetarian, that doesn't mean I couldn't recognize a beautiful juicy, rib-eye steak on a plate. Right. I might show it to you because I think, oh, and you, that used to be like somebody's pet cow, you know, something like that. I want to those pita people like Paul and Linda McCartney. The point is that men wrinkle much later than women do. Men's faces start to sag much later. The reason that men age, fat lower and that they die earlier is because most of the time there's a woman who is just a torturing man. No question. Now do I have to convince you of that? No. I was 41 years old and two days. And he's got one black hair. Every hair in his head has been gray for the last seven years. He was at a left under that as well. Whatever. Yeah. The ones that haven't fallen down to drain out of grief and angst or poodle. I saw that. You should know better than anybody that women kill men. And that's why when you go into the condos, the overwhelming majority of the people there are widows. Not widowers. They're almost all widows because they put their husbands in the box in the ground and they're still going strong. They're still going low down. So there you go. But I'd rather do it there. They're face. Well trust me when I tell you one thing, I know what I like. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Two. A rock. A smelly. A chaloon. A chaloon. George Horstie said he's out. He's improving the year last part of the show. But they're just so tender and folks not going from Mexico. They're hiding in the trees when they've got the feds just as done free. They get fake at least. But 30's been so moly on a visit. Your name is Ron Ron Abert. I'm bored and I'm dead. Mom, I'm old and I'm glad to have come to this. Looks like we'll be cooking up for hot turban leaves. Sometimes I wish I had a sense of lonely. But I need a thing to follow home. On 35 a QA and breaking a tradition of openness that began in 1816, the Bush administration as without escalation, with held the names of workload case in about 900,000 that civilian workers, according to the law suit file Tuesday. Citizens have a right to know who's working for the government said Adina Rosenbaum, attorney for the co-director of the transaction or records access to the courier house, a research group at Syracuse University who sued on the net Syracuse under the Freedom of Information Act to get to data. Since 1989, track has been posting on the Internet of A database with the name, Work Location, Salary and John Category, of all 2.7 million federal civilian workers, except those in some law enforcement agencies. The data are often used by reporters and government-watched all groups to monitor policies and detect waste or abuse. Recently, the Union of Concerned Scientists and Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility used in A-Dabase to identify and locate US Fish and Wildlife Service Sciences for a survey. Many of the scientists complained of political intervention into the research. Track used the data to monitor the Bush administration's promise to increase security along the Canadian border after 9.11. Six months later, track found border patrol agents on that border were up from 231 to just 346. Another year later, the number had reached 515, but not 1 was a sign that they candid our Alaska border, despite the last few potential strategic targets. The New York Daily News used the data to find the names of guards at a federal detention center where prisoner abuse was alleged. Another report is used to find the names of TSA guards at a site in New York's Ligordee airport to pursue cargo theft allegations. Secret governors are incompatible with a free government to track code erected to his wrote the federal office. Our personnel management life February 2, when the agency would held the data, basic information about the employees who carry out the date they actions a government is critical for meaningful public oversight, which, of course, the Bush administration is a one. They are David Burnham from New York Times to Port-Urdrex, Tracks Washington office, and Susan B. Longie Syracuse University professor for runs its Upsstate New York orifice. The Suis filed in federal court in Syracuse in Cuse. OPM spokesman Mike Ornstein said the agency wouldn't comment until I had time to review the lawsuit. It's just it's it's we're you're living in a Nazi cushing man and most of the people are oblivious. Oh, shoppened you drop, baby. It's a holiday. It's Christmas in Chiruka. And all this other crap. They always got you busy with some crap. You know, everybody. If it's not the hurricane, it's a tornado. If it's not the tornado, it's some other talk. You know, whatever hell it is. They're torturing me. I'll take it that. And you're not even here. Huh? And you're not even here. Exactly. They're torturing me by carryously by long distance. Are we set with this fool for tomorrow? Well, what do you think? I think we got a lot of good players to start. A good place to start is right in the beginning. Something or someone strictly for pseudo intellectuals. I don't know if it was like something only for girls. But anyway. Jazz, Paris, Cavalier, Dennis Miller. I said it right Cavalier, Cavalier. Dennis Miller, Dave Matthews band, Blair Witch Project, Topfiction, Jeopardy, Suci, Oh God, poetry, classical music, chess, Tolo, back in Baccarox, he's me and Bridge. In fact, maybe some of our people could jump off it. I can think of several right now. Bridge. Are they actually showing Bridge on TV? I thought it was, oh no. You're the one that said that. That's the big new thing that people are playing now. Bridge, is that what you're saying? No, but like they have that article in the newspaper about it, you know, how to move. The only people that I know that how to bridge, yeah, what moves to make. The only people that I know that play Bridge are you not in Charles Gore now? Who? Celebrity or somebody bridge? That's a show that was on before you were born. I bet your book of Ryan, I was what I'm talking about. He ain't too boring at Charles Gore. And he I'm watching people play cards on TV. I'm, it is really. I have no right. Holy, I've got to watch people play golf and I rather be dead than watch that. But watching people play cards. And of course now, the big poker that it's on all over the place. It's all right. Oh, it is. Yeah. On one of the, on one of the poker channels that doze the doosh, the world series of poker. Oh my god. The world series of poker. Are you serious? Are you serious? What's he thinking of serious? How are they just had a bad bowel movement? You got to hand it to a man. He manipulates the media like you're on the end of a string, like they're bunch of Marionette's, like in that team of America. I mean, puppets excuse me. It's right. Luppets. Yeah. He's got him on a string at every time. He just pulls the string. Okay. What do you want? What do you want? How I, no problem. That's, that's the biggest thing he's got going for. He's the manipulation of the media. In fact, I would say second order, the bush and Nazis. He's got the greatest control over the media. He was on the today show, the tomorrow show. That's a night show. He's been all over the place. Even 60 minutes for Christ's. Not that they do puppies on there. You want to try it? But of course, what's his name? It's been under twice. Ricky. Was he under twice, I think? Who? Ricky Williams. Yeah. John, yeah. He's been under twice already. That's close to sure the phenomenal job at CBS. Of course, they've been declared little bit. They don't want to get too carried away. If they would just take their whole staff. They could save a lot of money. They're always bictionary about expenses. They could save a lot of money. Just repeat the documentaries that the CBS Edo is. Just take those passionate eye shows and put them on where somebody might appreciate it in America and see what they'll really is going on behind the scenes with all these grave robbers. With all these people dying based on air, air be single day. Twenty people died over here. Thirty died over there. How many? About two minutes. And the former Americans here in six more of it here. It's like almost 2200 now. Air be single day. And all because they sat in plotted and planted all this crap. I'll give you a pack of lies about mushroom clouds. I'll do mushrooms. I love mushrooms. There. You ever have a portable mushroom that's like a meal. It's like a steak. Yeah. There. Big. That is just phenomenal. Of course mushrooms are fungus. Throw it that. Well, if there's a fungus among us, do you think there might be a fungus? Oh, I don't like mushrooms on pizza. I will say that. I see you mentioned you think of pizza again. I'm thinking of what's on my mind. I might just go to the market and give me one of them frozen pizzas. I don't eat pizza because it's in my. Of all the things that I could eat, it's in my blood sugar skyrocketing. Yeah. Oh, I mean to the moon. Huh? Don't. But it sure sounds good. Like one of them, the genre tastes like delivery, but it's not. It's a little stringy and it tastes like delivery, but it's not. How many on I know you're going to start with that crap again? What? That whole pick and shoe business. 1171. We got almost 200 votes on the pool. We don't need any particular number. It's just nice that there was no pressure today when I could. We just eased on up there and I'm going to leave the sun for a while because I think that the abomin of the nuclear weapons. A nuclear pan's only got two votes. See, that should be zooming toward the top already. The internment camps has got 17, but I think that those people, at least some of them came out alive as go test because they were experienced by the wind. As opposed to the people who got eviscerated when we dropped the the abom on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. We gave the old wind, Sakid and Nagasaki, baby. That'll feed so bad. So listen, hold them nothing mess with us. Yeah, we told that freaking hero here. Don't be messing with us, okay, Yamama. That's why the Chinese are so good in the japs. Enough of good anymore. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, sixteen, two kind of you now. Two years later and say, it took me a little while. I will slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. Absolutely. Well, how many days have you heard of it? I am here and you are... I can't say anymore. It took that for me. Thanks a lot more, Paul. Did I have a midday show guy? Oh, Boca. Yeah, yeah, that's the guy. Who ever had a hell of it? You met him. I did it. Yeah, out into the hallway. I don't know who had it, but take some calls and show me. He's the best thing to say about the city. Yeah, I'm a... Yeah, when you know it is... When people don't realize this, this is a sports show. And nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports. For you have my way from. They paid me to ogle and in my amend. This here is a show from an aboutment like this. Millibaz and chaps. You stole the pizza? You stole the pizza? I didn't want to take it off pizza. Do the pizza? I don't pay ridiculous. You stole the pizza? I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. No, I did not steal the pizza. Do the pizza? How she here? I ain't no bite by going. Do the pizza? I did not steal the pizza. You only had one slice. They're okay. So is the whole pie? Who cares? Those bummed had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot to you. There was no doctor Brown. Just don't taste the same without the doctor Browns. That's rude. And that's my own sanity. Good night. But kiss my ass. Anyway, speaking to kiss my ass, the sun sent a jump to get a little bit because I noticed now they changed the story. The house approved like 110-8. And the Senate will approve. I'm sure. But it isn't like 100% final on a slaspill. So all of a sudden, you look a little update. Like, oh, well, it's done. But it's not quite exactly done. So until the last segment you're drawing a paper, don't ever count your slots until you start telling you how to do my sheen-man. Anyway, we got them all nice. Do you stand in my next which ought to be real tweet and we got mad dog at several hard rock for the seven. Lenny Martes and Troy Stratford are sure that they'll go down and infamy. Panthers preview with 10 to Panthers and his sharks in San Jose. What's up, please? Bye bye.