time to bring in Neil. Neil will carry you through the next four hours. Maybe longer. Did I hear you say the president was a pretty good speaker? I said it all the Democrats have been talking about this president. No, when I said was the Republicans don't have any good public speakers. Yeah, they just don't. What about John McCain? I don't consider what about Rudy Giuliani. You know what? I don't think he's his goosey's cook. Yeah, I don't consider McCain to be such a Republican. I think that he's here sucked up just at the right time. Yeah, he did, but you're right, McCain is a terrific speaker. But you know, you come, what I was talking about, you know, Joe Biden for the Democrats, he's pretty good speaker. Although this one, he's confirmation hearing, this is just a coronation for Condoleezza. They're just a man on the moon. You think you think most sucked up to the extent of them Friday? That was nice. I didn't hear that. Oh, brother. But you know what Neil, what I was saying was that if you go back, you know, to the 60s and most people can't. I forgot that the people who were around then, you know, they replayed Martin Luther King's. I had a dream speech at the end of Sports Center yesterday, the highlights of it. And I said, what a great order he was the Kennedy's. Yes, they had a great, they had a great, they had a great, they had was a great order in that day. Today we don't have a lot of great orders. Kennedy Kennedy was bad era. Now I'm talking about Ted. Oh, Ted. Yeah, but he's really from that era. And he's getting a little longer than the tooth. Yeah, and a little like a lot of light around the, like us. Yeah, why do I run? Yeah. I mean, I mean, Obama, look at him. He's great. He's fantastic. They're Republicans don't have anybody to match him. No. He, I think he's going to be Vice President next time. Yeah, who's going to be President? Good question. How about just your mama with Obama? Sounds good. I don't know, have no idea. They got nobody. Nope. No, it's a problem. So how are things up north? A little on the toasty side, man. It's minus 23 Celsius. The longer to say, it's sunny, China looks really nice from the inside. Do not go outside. We'll show you here today. Jason. We'll get out of here. I feel real bad for you. It's minus 23. Hey, Neil, I heard the latest rumor I heard was that you're going to do eight hours. Yeah. You know, you're going to do maybe even more than that. Maybe just go all the respect to the mad dog and everybody else. Whereas I'm concerned it's Hank, the big old Hank in the left of that they're on their own. I just, I've had enough grief and service from them. I just, I'm not going to worry about it. Yeah, well, they made their own bed and kind of honestly I'm enjoying watching them this for a minute. You know, I just wish they just get it done. You know, he's no kidding. I don't want to hear about it anymore. Me too. Amen. I'm with you. So it's whoever shows up. I still want to see that tug of war. I know who'd win that one between Mad Dog and Moe. I'd love to see that. A tug of war. Don't want to remember the day that they were, the rumor was they were both going to show up into a clock. Oh, and see who gets the seat first. Yeah, they play that game where, you know, when a music stops you see that. Right. Don't, don't, don't, don't. I love to see that. All right. I'll be listed to have a good day and back to you. Don't lose too much now. You know what? I'm not going out there, honestly. You don't have to go out there. You kidding me? How are you told us? You're going to prombe to Kendall Club. I don't know why you go all the way up there. Because that's the only place that has Gulf Stream. You can bet on, you can't go to Pompano and Baton Gulf Stream. Oh, really? I didn't know that. There's that 100 mile or 60 mile deal with it. I would drive. I would drive the extra 80 miles to get away from Gulf Stream. Absolutely. Plus you're not a little enough anyway. I don't need that. I'm too old to use portal ed, so I'm not going to. See you. All right, Neil. estim complaint.WHONET I just Incorporate. But remember? We try to heal, and we are connected with them. You know that we are... Though there is nothing I'm just kidding. Wow! Cos we're at the touchy summer day. Oh yeah! We're at the summer season. Baby I know I know. Hope it's never so new day. And this whole thing with ass kind of like deleges me limp. You know what I mean? Although to be honest with you, if I had to pick, I'd rather see Johnny Deft's ass any day than Brad Pitt. I mean Johnny Deft's like a real guy. You know, I mean not like a big huge brewery guy, but like he's a real man. As a footbred, Pittsburgh is like a scrawny little wolf. Yeah, we already saw how scrawny. It is, right? What did? Yeah, we did. Do you never saw that video? Go give me that crap. What do you believe in their brother or seen that? Put it on. On the internet. No, Brad Pitt's unit. Get outta here. I, I, that pencil's in unit. Anyway. It's a 10.05. It's 60 WDQ and it's Tuesday. We got a line up for you. We got a whole bunch of line ups here. Whether they come to a pass or not, you'll have to stay tuned. Yeah, it sounds pretty happy in the morning. Now it gets bigger. We'll go up to Palm Beach all day and punch on the assorted tracks of his choice. That's a hell of a life. Sure. Once again, you know, sir, once again, you used to begin up in the morning. There is some very definite benefits of organ mornings. 10 o'clock in the morning. You're done. So it's really like having the whole day off. Once you're done. In fact, on Friday, it's like having a three day weekend. Cause you've done it 10 a morning. Got all Friday and Saturday and Sunday. It's great. The only negative to raise it. You got to get up early in the morning. But big meeting. Take a nap later. And have them right. Right. Yeah, like morning. In fact, I think I'm going to take the morning show. Here's the result. Oh, man. There was me nothing more that I'd love to do anything. We just screwed them up there. What they've done to people is so gross. Testkin. So unacceptable. We haven't even began to scratch the surface. It's how many audience, what they've been to craft that they've been pulling these last couple months. In fact, it would mean going back to August. You see, let me give you like, I'm going to get sidetracked here. Hank got me going, even though he was responsible. I blame him. You can't renegotiate with somebody or like negotiate to extend somebody's deal. And then like leave it hanging and say, oh, oh, oh, and like leave a sour end and expect them to come in every day as a happy camper. It leaves a bad, like everybody has discrummeled. You know, no matter how happy they may have been before. Obviously, people could have been unhappy if they're going to extend their deal. Right. So if they were happy enough to do that, why would you want to make them discrottle? And that's what these people are accomplished. Oh, for fun. And so now you've got mad dog doing two to four, but not very happy about it to say to least. And they pissed him off and he's discrottle just like did it with me from August until the end of the year. When I had to go through that nightmare, a dog and pony shoulder in my supposed vacation. In fact, I'm serious. I'm demanding another week vacation. I don't care what kind of a went norma can't is. That was no vacation. Same. That was my mind day after day. Phone calls back and forth. Oh, they want you to sign this and it wants you to, you know, stick it. Joyce, just stick it. Okay, where were it fits if the shoe fits stick it. Man, right in the old shoe. That's it. That was no vacation. That was like a nightmare. It was like an exercise in insanity. It's just like these confirmationaries are going on. I would kind of leave it there. There's no Democratic Party might as well just this fan set of ways. And everybody's money. Because you know, they're not going to win any elections in our lifetime. I don't think. And what's the point that all they are is just a rubber stamp. There's there's Diane Feinstein sitting right there with the table with condolese. I think the two of them are going to do something before the day is out. I really believe that. And even Joe Biden who I, you know, ordinarily have a lot of respect. He is a good speaker like I told Hank, but he gets on and he makes these long, flowery introductory speeches. They're not asking any questions or making speeches. And then he goes out about well, you know, even though you've got all these horrible things in screwed up, but all these people are dying and you people lied to us. I'm still going to vote for you because I know you're going to get confirmed. So what's the point? I've bothered going through this dog and pony show. It's not a confirmation hearing. It's a coronation for this idiotic bitch for this nasty law. I say one good thing. We had a lesbian attorney general right under Clinton. Sure. And I would have a lesbian secretary of state. We're making some serious progress. I mean, people are saying, well, so first black woman. Well, we had a white woman. We amounted all right, right, which I liked her a lot. I'm the why I did like her. I think she was a Democrat. I just touched she was like, you know, I really did. Now, I see just was our ticket and she was books and she wouldn't take any crap from anybody. Not as much as kind of lesit though. They don't come. And what is it about? We're still in this morning. What is with all these right wingers who are in the closet or at least suspected. We're getting what you got misfogs. No, listen, misfog. You got more ingram. You got and culture. You got kind of lesit. None of them I've ever been married. And we know of course misfog. Yeah, I mean, he's just absolutely. I suspect these other people too, right? Right. And this business for all of us. She's married to her work. She's married to her. Yeah, that's right. She's like, she's like, Who the hell are you people shmitten? So lesbians are not only on the steering show, but they seem to be that swirmer. And culture is that right now. It's about a BFCC. FCC has got all the cartoon people all nervous. Still we'll get to that story. I don't even know where to begin because this pulled away. This is going to be quite a, I'm not how we're going to do this. I guess I'm just not going to read them. Oh, come on. We're going to have a four thousand different names on there. Anyway, here's the poor result from yesterday. What person living or dead had the most memorable distinctive voice? James Earl Jones kicked ass, baby. I think it's appropriate on Martin Luther King Jr. day that it was James Earl Jones. Yeah, James. Yeah, James. 490 votes. This is sheer net. And it's not like his balls are dragging on the ground. His voice is so deep. Doesn't? I think they are. Just about scraping the old ass fall. James Earl Jones, 490 Howard Co. Cell, a very impressive second. I mean, a distant second, but pretty strong for Howard. 134 for Howard Co. Mel, I never got to talk about you. Did you fall? I was supposed to learn to my own Chris Myers about Chris Myers about how he, I've heard that. I noticed Hank just stood on by when I talked about the Moe, Kisses and Dick's. But anyway, let's see how the sports guys is like a fraternity. So I guess Hank just didn't want to come on Dick. No, by 54 Jimmy Stewart 48, Jam K 47. Gilbert Gottfried 46, Walter Crockx had 45. Scott for a little hand 40. Now that's, that is amazing to me. That is just, aren't you shocked? Only 40 for Scott for a way down in the middle of the pack. I'd decide out of my. Kerry, Kerry 37. John for said the 36. Now would be a great time for me to play it a little, if there's any of it I'm there. Where is it? Sign here somewhere. One moment please. For the first four of the games. I want to go through the whole thing. It's more of it on there. That was enough. It was the voice of John for sendin. And I fell films the best. He's on here at Carlos. Thank God. Both man Jack 36, y'all they 34. Oh, we y'all they, how's how you do better than that? I mean, there's nobody else world with a voice like that. Sean Connery God. About 30 men. Mike Tyson 24 Bob Dylan 24. Jim Mendes 22. Oh, right. Let's see. After that, we have a small potato's after that. I guess I'll do the double digits, right? Great. Richard 21, Gilbert 17. Paul Howard David 17. Paul Harvey and the Casey case and we're August 13. Roy the boy. Jack Nicholson F. D. R. E. Chen 12 after that single digits. Okay. David Curtin is another, oh, I haven't even looked at the view. We have the day of our lovely Carmella. It's his outie. This is your eye. And we still don't know how you pronounce that. Who cares? But she's on every day this week. We had her on Friday and I'm going to take a look. That's the same picture we had yesterday. It sure is. You know, fix that right now. Don't get me started. Now, who's who's responsible for that? I know nobody wants to take the fall, but we had to promivate yesterday's stories up. Our website has been doing so well. And I know what to deal is lately, but it's like, you know, if we have more than one Cicadas coppers of welding people, you know. Yeah. What can you tell me differently? So what's the story on it? I just responsible. Is that a gy, sir, you responsible for that? No, no, no, no. No. So it must be Eric because it boils. There's nobody else. It's a two man project. He has to put the selection up and then I select. Did you put it up? No. He puts it up and then I select it. Now I ask him to judge, put it up. The beaded curtain. You're talking about Eric. It hasn't name. Okay. He had her name. I hear it's unmentioned. Eric, fat Eric, up in Orlando. He sticks it on there. Right. He sticks it on there. Right. The picture I'm talking about. We're picking it now. Okay. If you have to paste it, you got to look it. Like a stand. 10 13. Thank goodness. That guy's a game line. Like, this is one of the most, the less it things. If you don't have a postage meter, the best next thing is the fact that got stamped on that like glue on. Yeah. Back to the day we have to look this stamped. Ah, yeah. And, of course, there were some people who used to have a sponge. If you had a lot of mail this time out here, like, a little moist sponge. 10 14 already at 5 60 WQ. It means change just for way I like it. Mr. Gonzalez is a true, that you is White House Council wrote the memo which basically OK is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants, A.K.E. torture to gather information. Or that is not correct, Senator. Mr. Gonzalez, what do you like a minute to think about that answer? No, Senator. I can't tell you. Oh, okay. One more time, Mr. Gonzalez. I never felt it. Oh, wow. Now, before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez, Mr. Gonzalez, Mr. Gonzalez, if you'd like your family jewels in one piece, Senator, I never felt it. OK. Then, I want that easy. No. Yes, Jimmy, do you want something else? OK, now let's move on to your stand on Roe B. W. Can I have the jumper cables move a little lower please? I'm a booger. Red by 11. I think that would be doing that with kind of leisure, right? Oh, no. OK, great. OK, great. What are you doing? OK, so here's the appolder. This is going to be, I don't know how we do this. I voted already, though, for a car. I didn't know what was his money. I said I didn't know it was up yet. It's up. Because I just put it there. See what it's my time to put stuff on there. I don't fit around here, making excuses like Eric. Anyway, who's the hottest band? Of course, he's going to say, oh, oh, I had all those names. But I, of course, even like you'll put these up individually. I guess all he had to do was like, well, we got a process. I beg your pardon. We had to clean up that list from fire, whatever. OK, and excuse, he was doing some other crap. Anyway, who's the hottest band was been on the B. W. Curtin on our Neo Rogers.com and our fine fine website of which Eric and the Josh do a fine job. Most of the time. And now we got a list of eight million names. Now, if you think I'm going to read all these names, you are W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. I could do a twice to be two o'clock already, but that would be really bad. That would be a cop. I instead of taking all these great calls of just pouring you right now. I'm going to see him. Oh, yeah. Take that with me. OK, I don't see any of them coming in. And that's because today we don't have a pool. And you said, well, you could let them build it. And of course, we could have killed a whole show with that. But that's pointless. Who the hell wants to hear that? This is the list. Here's the list of every female. Let's spend on our B. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Long time ago. How many would you say this on here? About 150? Oh, geez. A lot of names. I don't know. The other two, almost two pages of them. Starting with downtown Julie Brown and Alia and Adrian Barbo in alphabetical order all the way to Su-Shameh Menagel. Did I say it right? Su-Shameh. Su-Shameh. If you're sure you're printable, she's down everybody else. And Vanessa Williams. Why see it's alphabetical order? No, it's not. Well, it's all over the place. Mostly also medical. Some of the first names, some of the last names, and some just wherever we want to stick them. Tonya Harding. Yeah. And what does that Memorial Day tribute? That's the, what is that? Is that the name of a person? No. That's, you got the non-cleaned up one of the various incarnations of the... Oh, I see. So, it's a good thing that I'm not going to try to read this on here because there's like 7,000 names in the arts, but still getting really restless and antsy with me. And in my turn on that new default show, even though it's not on my right now. W. W. W. Hello. Yes, sir. Where can I see downtown Julie Brown? Is there like an archive of your... Absolutely not. No. You don't have an archive, because I haven't seen enough to know which one to vote for. Well, it should be up to round. Oh, should I? Back around. So make the rounds downtown Julie Brown. Oh, I love that. Just before he goes down. Okay. Good luck. I hope. But no. I wanted to touch on the wind. The man who over there thought that the beast did a good job of auditioning for Georgia's position. Yeah. The beast blows. Hey, man. Thank you. Thank you. You're right. Well, no. It was a scene in my came-to-fence. First of all, the beast is a Clarence's our program director's boyfriend. That's number one and two. He's somebody who's not George. So, it wouldn't have made any difference if it would have been... Elmer the moose. I mean, you know, whoever it was. Oh, he... Everybody thought he did a really good job. But if you want Georgia and something to Greg, just cut the crap. Just stop messing with everybody's life and livelihoods. Stop it. Just stop it. Just go find some. We'll take part cheesy. No. Get lost. Go on another one of you are 85,000 vacations. Okay. Get lost. Stop meddling with stuff that isn't broken. They just can't stop it. They're fearing. I still think of that scene at the dinner table. They're in Godfather. Centino. Just listen to Mama Cualioni. Okay. I'm telling you, don't interfere. They're just never satisfied. Because basically what I told you before, it's not a business to say, it's a club. And if you're not liked by the inner circle of a club, then you're either out or they're do their best to get you out. Like that inquisition you had to go through that day about the treasure island. I think they ought to send their eyes to treasure island. Not the club. I'm talking like, there must be a place called treasure island. Like a real place like out in the middle of the ocean somewhere to pyretake out. Right. Go ahead. Oh, how's it? Well, we got some bad news. Who was the other one that died? May Angela May, where I remember that. I remember that. Angela May. I remember that. I remember that. I remember who that is. Hold the man. But. I just wanted to play this again. Another old bag died. Ruth Warick. I wonder if she's kind of work done. Who think? Yeah, probably. And who's the other, well, this is named a play on the same if you're a team that had worked done. And I had to go to the other side. And who's the other, well, this is named a play on the same if you're a team that had worked done. And I had to go to the other one. And I had to go to the other one. Oh, Peter Warick. Peter Warick. Peter Warick. Ruth Warick. The darling of the eight times so far for all my children. Who wants your career in horse and well, citizen can die. ABC TV said, yes, he was 88. That's all the way. Hold on. I'm not from the 80's. Hold on. I'm from the 80's. Hold on. I'm from the 80's. Warick died at her. New York home Saturday of complications from pneumonia. That's also what that other world bag died from pneumonia. It's going around. Why better not go outside? Because I have pneumonia no time at all. It's minus 23 Celsius. It ain't too autosty. And it was easy. It someplace Minnesota was like 54 below Fahrenheit. Did you see them? No, I'm not watching the news yesterday. Minus 54 in some northern Minnesota horrible place. Oh, geez. And all my children, which debuted in 1970, worked played TV Tyler Wallingford. The grand theme of the fixtures, affluent town of Pine Valley. I wonder if that's kind of like big valley with Barbara Stony. We're better. I'm her Barbara head kind of a big. That's it. ego. Oh, she portrayed the middle cement over the top personality. So believeably better fans often. I've traveled a single machine between me style of shankers. And her fixtures equally sophisticated character. I think that's true of all so far for people. I believe that's true. Oh, you'll never guess who was on a thing. And a Canadian promo for the raising funds for the tsunami of disaster relief. Yeah. This isn't going to be significant. Well, let me give you a clue. Okay. Oh, we're fine. Josh Morrell from the young in a horny nick. Don't you remember today that we close personal friend Dan Stewart was on their trying to like his ass out of the closet. Anyway, he was on their were in a tube. So there must be a little Canadian in him or something. Maybe he was up here. I would like to have a head a little lunch with Josh Morrell. Here's the big nose. Maybe here's some radio news. It's exciting. It's in very jackass today. You want the inside scoop on radio, the inside poop. Just look at the very jackass man. With his little brown paper bag. His little sack. And that's what the Greg said. He said, very, he's got an amazingly little sack. And Greg should know because the two of them are awfully tight. Deforest joined 790 ESPN. I didn't we have the exclusive on that here yesterday before anybody in the world knew it. Right. Right. Thanks to the rumor that you heard about it. And also Lisa that was paying the fact that chronic, chronic facts about he just, for as me nuts. She wanted the information. So here it is. Jeff Deforest, a long time former morning host for W.Q.A.M. accepted a job Monday as the News 7 to 10 p.m. weeknight host for 790 ESPN radio. 7 to 10 next thing because they'll be doing overnight. Weekend overnight. Deforest worked the past two years and eight months as an afternoon host at WFTL-850 in West Palm Beach. Beginning next Monday, he replaced Greg Lummiga and Mark Eisenberg. As 790's evening host, let me give an Eisenberg handle a weekend talk show to him on other duties. I thought he had a tie to get to a better place but isn't true. Deforest said with more that cornball crap, I'm really happy. There's a buzz around 790. I like how they're doing business. Well, he ought to like how they're doing business because one thing about defo we know he's a- Deforest was morning host at W.Q.A.M. from November 1996 until January 2002 he was fired by W.Q.A.M. after pleading guilty to paying kick backs to wait. Nick a sucky Indian team marketing director. He served one year probation with an ankle bracelet or whatever that thing. Deforest didn't even have an ankle bracelet or I just made that up. No, it was a house arrest. I think they have to wear those. Oh my god, if you're a- Deforest. Now the vengeance are turning on everybody else to peer mutuals. We probably all are going gang up on the Indians. Screw you guys, okay. We're giving you back the old piece pipe. Go smoke your pay-o-d. 790's being ready to continue to sit here to dangle a wonderful PM slot in front of W.Q.A.M. host Jim Mandage. Oh, right dangling it. And the Mandel may reach out there and grab it. You know what? Sometimes if they dangle it and they're pretty too close to my attention to reach out there and grab it. Whatever he does, whatever's best for him, that's what I want him to do. I don't give a crap about this company because nobody should care about them. They treat us like garbage. And then they say, well, what could we do to make you happy? How about treating people like human beings? How about stop playing games? How about jerks? Stop jerking everybody around. That would be a good start. Clarence, you're civil and you're quizzing. You idiot. You're a little simple to you. But not unless. A lot of good two person. I don't want to like Moses. We don't want to deal with person. Oh, brother. 27 past 10 at 5. 60 W.Q.A.M.D. On the inside of buying the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They may be the only band in the history of rock and roll. To be an extremely linked to a dumbass, pro-comic. They, or snashing pumpkins. Don't fast-shirts. They got the whole concept of their band from me. It makes me so mad. Ah, you gotta be all wet. Aren't you supposed to hand out sheets of plastic to the audience or something? Sorry. I get so angry. Good-Wad comedian Gallagher has been smashing foods and vegetables on stage since... Well, since people were stupid enough to pay to see crap like that. So I'm doing a show in the sky Billy Corgan comes to see me. And I'm smashing pumpkins all freaking night. I'm smashing pumpkins like there's no tomorrow. I'm smashing pumpkins up your spot is what I'm doing. I mentioned this guy Gallagher was a total suffag. And Billy Corgan finds me afterwards and he says, Hey, great show man, I really like what you're doing. And till he slayed her, there's this fan called smashing pumpkins. And I have to switch to watermelons. It was the beginning of the end. Inside of my high was able to reach Billy Corgan for comment about Gallagher's accusations. He and this dissape. Gallagher, what a total suffag. The smashing pumpkins. At least they didn't call themselves the dork with a parade and a strike shirt band. It's a big juicy stopping what it looked at show business tonight. I mean, sorry to buy a line. Oh, 1032 at 560WM now. This is a this back came in today. Are you telling me the one of you just sent me? The one that says any of this floor was dropped at the time. Yes. Well, there a little bit behind I would say. Okay, that's the problem with this. I mean, sending us suggestions for yesterday's pool today is a little bit pass a. When you say maybe even gay. Yeah. I thought their point was we didn't do women. But the second part too. Oh, yeah. Says you're not fully with your list is top heavy with men. There are a number women that have led you. Be pleased with our poll today. There are no men on the poll today. Number women that have memorable voices may waste caring carpenter beautiful voice. Beautiful women too. Bet you didn't know how to eat. Don't call us and Jean Staples. You mentioned Carol O'Connor. How can you skip Jean and don't forget that old bag. Come on. All my joy. But what the. The one that died on a wooden and that's a horrible show. The one that's been in addition. It says I'm from Boston. There is no single Boston over the age of 30. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. But. And. And. And. And. I got even. You see one time innier your is you really there. He's hurt if you go today. But you've just met her. I'ming with them. I'm. If I do that one, it's you. Arrived it. Do you know. But. Do you know. Okay, and he wasn't returning Jerry's calls and they had reduced his show on whatever he was on Arcade or whatever to like weekends They'd like cuz he was 100 years old and I told him about all of our Sabo doesn't return people's calls I told him this whole long horse to worry about how he screens the calls and how his water Sabo his agent that's really sandbag and him and the next day Jerry had a heart attack How he liked that so you see I got him he didn't die right then then I would have helped out if he did die because of my phone call Yeah, anyway, what about Sean Convey's James Bond he was we had Sean Convey on here And also what's this face on fantasy island Z plane or maybe a little show is wasn't he on there also I believe I don't remember I think it was yeah, so I think you better meet your facts straight here. Okay, because you don't know your ass from my life We're grass I I like The rated has monitoring 90 yards in 12 slaves Although they were stuffed short of a touchdown They had moved smartly through every avenue of their game black The next time they had the ball they would take the same road only this time It would lead them to the land of sex The land is six John for sentiment he was so great and of course the Josh likes Harry Calis because he's a punk and he sucks up to Harry Because you know when a philly's are in town Harry's up in a broadcast booth and Josh gets bored sitting there with they van boring So he goes running over to the visiting routine. Of course there are all the great broadcasters you missed out How do you know if you'd ever go and talk to Harry carrier was that before your time? I guess that was before you were working Yeah, right for damning see that would have been a treat right? So would have a cool yeah, yeah, see if all those broadcasters would be still alive like Bob Prince Already greatly baseball bro now everybody is cookie cutter stuff. We got so many bad sports guys There's they all sound the same and even Joe buck who by the way don't let me forget too much into Hank tomorrow Joe buck blew that thing in the Eagles game so bad when they let the clock run out when he completed that pass on three the streaky art line And it got no time left in the half and a clock runs out. Yeah, that was terrible And even Chris Collins who were from we both despise like poison and rightfully so I said you can't do that. Yeah, well They just did it you can't do that. He did it. It was a pretty poorly play game But anyway Joe buck is overrated Newer means knees overrated because the rest of the crap is so bad So don't give me this stuff about well dick stocked in any other guys have been there a long time here So what does that mean? What does that prove they've been a long time so was Greg Gumball on there long time to be finally realized? He wasn't ready for or not just prime time anytime. I mean when you go from the number one play by play broadcast with the network to be like the Studio host. What does that say how bad you are right? Can't complain about grace person out of you don't have anybody but he does have a famous brother who also has no personality I mean no talent runs in the family. Okay. I'm random now Now what I'm gonna do it is pull today is we got 50,000 names on there And I'm not gonna it would be very very inappropriate for me to lie Go down the entire list. We've never had a pool with this main names on it So what you guys all have to do and ladies whoever else you're gonna have to prove the list Right, it's that it's a long long long long list and just scroll up and down up and down and scroll on saying and Let me take a look at the new be the curtain by the way of Carmella. They chisati who's leading by the way She got my vote. I don't care whoever else we put on there. I can't imagine oh, yeah She's just there is no such thing you're right about that as a bad picture No Carmella or bad angle no, she's a funny man. She's as perfect as female flesh gets There's absolutely anybody don't like her man. It's gotta be gay. Yeah, yeah When you agree. Oh, yeah, either that it may be blind. Definitely don't we just have really crappy taste You'd be good to let me say say. Somebody's got the hospital Christina Agueler or would not like her she doesn't have that mousey look Who is the hottest babe has been out of being a curtain Carmella? It's his out he was on all this week and was on last Friday with a phenomenal response 33 Hallie very seven Angelina jolie five Carmen lecture four. We had some really great pictures of Carmen lecture If I was to say so myself he did and a corner holia who's married every a fag in town She's got a four. I mean she's got four votes. Sophia Vergara's got three I've actually seen the fourth race at the Gulf Stream Lindsey low hand three Charlie star on three Victoria principal too And it's I'm not gonna read the other ones Well, once we start getting at least a you know 10 votes a piece others read the ones that we got a few votes and then the rest of you can peruse and choose Okay and crews here's a really interesting story Discusting but I don't want to read it too close to lunch time. We'll get out of the way right now a man who failed to look before he swallowed and mind up choking on someone else's tobacco spit has been arrested in the theft of a tractor trailer Ridg police and Vancouver, Washington. I've actually seen that happen that they seem to have got this particular story But I've seen people Swig other people's tobacco juice. I mistake Yeah Why do you hear this name? How quickly how quickly have like careful rent to re-a-martiners That's his name. I know Quitty rock went to be a Martinez 26 was arrested for investigation in first of weeks after we call 9 11 for emergency medical up Conway poli's report rent to be a Martinez remaining Clark County jail will be ill said it's 20 grand pending court appearance in a very 21 According to the report the driver obey $60,000 freight liner continuing about 15 grand worth of merchandise left the engine idling at a local shopping mall He went into a serious door to watch grease office hands then he merged to see the truck being driven away Police checked the trucks on board gold positioning system and converged on the vehicle at An intersection in the Fisher's landing part of town as right to re-a Martinez was calling 9 11 Telling a Spanish language translator. He was choking in either help after being arrested went to re-a Martinez told investigators He was driving when he saw a cup took a drink without looking and the only then learning and swallowed the regular drivers tobacco Spid was it at nice oh Man, yeah, God, just a thought of that. Is it enough to make me start doing that? 5 670 5 60 time we're gonna take it nice and slow today, and I'm just oh Well, I see that's it when it's like 23 below zero right and so not really all that posty I didn't have as much heat on probably as I should have all night so like you're right right on the edge Right on the border line. No, so if it's already like 18th January, we've probably no winter times gonna be all over right sure And by the way, Daphne, I'm not coming down there I'm not going to get ready to get today. I am oh yeah, you know why why that Because rapes not funny, but I ain't good. I'll be a mean man normal if they take that funny That's fine by me. Wow. Do we really change to race? I've I get about it I'm turning over all the big Newton leaks you have a nice day in paradise my cuttley friend Look out for that What do you but of course have mest primarily It's a Mahayah. Oh, how would David's been? It's a good girl. Oh, how did it end? My his wing was gone. His soul was gone. How did he end? His wing was gone. His soul was gone. How did he end? My his wing was gone. He's gone. He's gone. Just don't worry about it. When I sound in there, it's a little bit suspect that says, splider. It's not what you might write. You know, as the truck is hitting more, it's like a little splider. Not that it really may write, but you might get a little more than it was. Okay. It's not a good fart sound. Oh, we don't want to have that. Speaking of that, what did you hear this? This shows you how far a Murphy has come back in the Stone Age. The chilling talk about how cold it is here. The chilling environment that exists all over Murphy and not just in the north or wherever to help. FCC fears for a fox to pixelate cartoon nudity. Oh, my God. Grow up America. Come out of the dark ages. Don't let them do this to you. Fox says it covered up a naked rear end of a cartoon character regionly. Electom, because of nervousness over what the FCC will find objectionable. How do you like that? The ass of a cartoon character that had to cover up. Not even a real ass, I make believe ass. The only this example of TV network self-sensorship because of FCC concerns came a few weeks ago during a rerun of a family guy cartoon. Do you know that show? Yeah, it's a pretty show. Great. Well, won't be as funny as it used to be. Fox electronically blurred a character's posterior, even though the image was seen five years ago when the episode originally aired. Well, the fact was seen five years ago, forget about that. We're going back to the story dates. There are things we used to say 20 years ago on here that we can't say anymore. And the fact that the public accepts that that's the part that's just so freaking outrageous and absolutely unacceptable. But nevertheless, the American public very submissive, very passive. Oh, I'll be care about safety safety safety. Just like those 100,000 data rackies. That's what they're concerned about. Well, it used to be. They should say safety safety safety safety. Anyway, we have to be checking in second guessing ourselves now. Fox entertainment president, Gail Burman said yesterday, we have to protect our affiliates, our assets. Fox hadn't gotten any complaints about the cartoon, but the move follows the FCC's decision in October to find 169 Fox stations, seven grand each for every episode of Murray, by America, that showed people looking whipped cream from strippers bodies and a man is underwear being spanked by strippers. It certainly confusing what he had to do something like that. And said, it's just that we were trying to find our way into what's responsible. No, it's not a new responsibility. It's going to be with panic and fear. At PBS, executive said this week, they'll edit out a glimpse of a naked woman in a fictional account of a terrorist dirty bomb attack that'll air next month after first being shown on H.B. Oh, H.B. Oh, a glimpse of a naked woman in a fictional account of a terrorist dirty bomb attack. They have to lie, edit that out. Because movies are dangerous. Forget about those bombs. We've been dropping. Forget about all these suicide bombers. Oh, by the way, another one that are back today for more dead people, car bombs. I just mentioned that in passage is it's not even more talking about anymore. Or only 12 days away from those election, how many people do you think that a vote on a 30? I'm 30, man. Yeah, that's why they're going to have it on the 30. So 30 people can vote. Anyway, here's one that says, I just have searched Google but can't find any new to semi-news photos of Marky post of Medcor fame, who had tremendous breast and legs, could you be a future-beaded curtain girl? Yes. Any chance for glory as Stefan? No, I sure hope not. The third right time here, the answer is absolutely true. I don't know who Marky post it would be. No, she does have a tremendous rack, but yeah, I'm no. Ah! I'm sorry to buy a rack. Oh, you were determined to rock solid. No, no, no, no, no. Here we go. Love-bodies is closest to what we ever got to those. Carmel and Hizad, he's a fierce kick-and-ass man. He's a destroying everybody else. There's nobody even close. He's a really tallie bird. She's got 48 votes, 49, Hallie birds got eight. Soaps? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but I bet she has. Tom 5, 60, only, provides in singular wireless lines. For whatever, you know, we're not building the pool because we got 8,000 names on there. We'll take a few calls here at Baby Huma, the troops. Come and QA, and hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? How are you doing, pali? I don't know, but you know something, I can't. I've been listening to you for years and I think you and I will agree. What is wrong with our world? Why would you want to show a dirty bomb movie in a midst of terrorism to just, if the people are stupid and aren't committing, we're just continually giving them the ability to commit more? What does that mean? I understand. What does it mean? Well, I mean, you know, we know that. The other way, if we just pretend it doesn't exist then they're going to stop doing it. No, no, I'm not saying that. I think the day I was saying, Bonnie, I started to love me before we were showing a fictionalized account of it. Absolutely. I agree with all of that, but you know, to show what we already know, we're not going to know what can happen. And they've shown me over and over again, but how many times do this are society need to see this over and over again? You don't have to see it. Watch it or not, as the case may be. I mean, what's the point? I'm missing your point. Well, the point is that our society has seen it and now it just keeps striking fear and constant fear in us. I think we're well aware of it every night. Do you think this is enough at some point? You're aware of it when you go to bed, you're worried about a suicide bomber attacking you or your family, is that what you're really worried about? I never even crossed my mind to be honest with you. Well, you know, again, you think about it a little bit. I mean, let me ask you this question. Not all that it's three years plus after 9.11, air traffic, people are flying more than in a long time. I think they're flying more now than they were before 9.11 from what I'm reading. So I don't think people are as scared as the government would like to keep us. But that, like Michael Morris said, that's the main thing is keep people in a panic. That's what that's the advantage. I just think that's what our public is doing to keep endorses keep us in fear. Right. Funding the war. And the answer is, you know, you were over there. That's why that woman has why keep coding that stupid bitch in the air. All I care about is safety safety. That was her shoes for looking for Bush. But if you look at what they said this morning in the paper over and over again, that Bush finally got the self-fulfilling prophecy. We went in there. There were no links to our title. Now we're from any outside of Cockers there to, you know, we're creating a little homegrown terrorist. Yeah. If we knew that before the election, what happened? I don't know. What happened? They catered to the center of the United States for the individuals who were in the Midwest who didn't normally vote. And the Republicans got the greatest idea in the world. Well, I believe that the God Squad, the Lord has got his finger in. I have a great day of powder getting me depressed. He's talking about, you know, showing these pictures of suicide bombers getting us afraid of depression. Now he's getting me depressed. I'm not, look, the elections over, maybe. We didn't like to resolve it. We didn't like that. There's still a lot of questions about Ohio and Diable and that stuff. But you know, if that Democrats are a bunch of them, anyway, oh, it's speaking of that. Well, good timing. Thank you so much. Guess who finally opened up a mouth. I give up. Senator John Kerry, and some of his most pointed public comments yet about the presidential election in both Martin Luther King Jr's legacy yesterday, he criticized President Bush and he cried reports of voter disenfranchisement. This is yesterday, January 17. The election is your recall as I November the 2th. Okay? Sounds to me like it's a 2 and a half months later. Kerry spoke at Boston's annual Martin Luther King Day breakfast. He reiterated that he decided not to challenge the election results, but that thousands of people were suppressed in the effort to vote. Voting machines were distributed in uneven ways and Democratic districts took people four or five or 11 hours to vote. While Republicans went through in ten minutes, same voting machines, same process, our America he said. In his comments, can we also compare the democracy building efforts in Iraq with voting in the US, saying that Americans had their names purged from voting lists and were kept from casting ballots? Well, it's going to do a lot of good complaining about it now on January 17, John. In a nation which is willing to spend $700 million in Iraq to bring them democracy, we cannot tolerate that too many people heard America where denied that democracy Kerry said. Voting irregularities know a high-lead road of Democratic challenges, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, forces out of the barn, it's ain't made in miles down the road, and ain't coming back. We've lost that, uh, the trade, you know, the trade that's always leaving behind, the road apples, oh yeah, lost the trade, it's not even warm anymore. So there we go, and now he's just speaking out. This is Democratic Party for you, man. The biggest bunch of whims, Hank, we're talking about the, the fact this is the best they can do to counter-wish them, boss, Al Franken, Al Franken. What they put you a leverment on there, same personality, same wimpy, nambi, pambi, nambi, oh, Franken, no, no, I'm can't then land for him, and we're gonna kick rush his ass here, right, right, pretty pathetic, but it's certainly, even this, it looks really nice out there, it's sunshine, it's already minus the only one that's starting to get toasty now. All right, let's take a look at that pull result, that guy got me really depressed. Carmella, they chisati, she's got 54 no matter how you say it, and just like I've been saying, all, uh, since Friday there's only one way to, uh, describe her. That's it, the right, not in wrong with her. Halley, Barry, age, she's got 54 Carmella, Halley, Barry, 8, Carmen, look for his 7, Angelina, Jolie, 6, in other words, Carmella is so far on top of everybody else, that didn't maybe even end up running. And then I didn't require any embellishment, okay, I mean, it's, it speaks for itself, she's on top. W, K, W, M, hello. Hi, how you doing, good? How you doing, good, yeah, what can I do for a show? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, listen, did you see him today's paper? Another McDonald's senior died, two years, what's he, I'm here to, I'm here to, I'm here to introduce him, I talk about that a length of the day. This guy ate McDonald's every day since he was 15 years old and I was died of 44, he's only 44. Yeah, exactly, but you got a ton of a day, they can't. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, hi, it's a good man, who would not want to get paid to do this? This is just so sweet. Sweet, it really is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, any Verizon and singular wireless lines, is the Condoleezer Coronation continues. Condoleezer, I'm tempted to play that song, I'm gonna have to play the, I forgive it one for a course, because I'm sure that the corporate antennae are like, who did wait up there, oh yeah, I'm not gonna get a little, eventually. W, Q, M, hello. J, E, K, S, U, C, K, later. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, well, I'm tempted that Doug Brian, man, he can sure kick him. Not the gagging and choking sounds. Continue and I'll tell you, that's your gives me hope for Sunday night, because the Steelers, damn they're lost to a very mediocre jet steam. They've even, Steelers been playing really off their feed for last several weeks, and that doesn't necessarily prove anything. Josh, you were trying to tell me the same thing about the Patriots closed this season, you know, Glonak game with the dolphins and not playing all their best toward the assand, the difference being that the Steelers, the Patriots are great team, that's a difference. Steelers, I think, God hot. I mean, yeah, they were 15 and one and other, 16 and other 17 and they won more, 15 and the road, I think. Yeah. Yeah, still don't impress me too much. Like Clinton would say, that don't impress. Now, what are you charting about? Don't impress me much, okay, not the way they played down the stretch. They were about three games, and they really deserve to lose. Well, it's always your win, that's all you can, let's, you know. That is correct. That's what we say here at QAA. Now, let's see, this fact says, can you add Ellen Nordgren on the list? I think she's with Tiger Woods. I'm pretty sure she was on a beat of curtain. It was not Ellen. It was a nude model named Kim Hayat, where everyone thought was on. We corrected the name and cleared up the mystery right away, says George. It was like, internet wide, everyone thought that those pictures were Tiger's girlfriend, but it was not. It was this other chicken we saw. And we, right away. Right away. But if we ever get pictures of Ellen Nordgren, we'll let you know. We'll head up like this on that. 1057 and 560 QA. We have Mad Dog working on the protest from 2 to 4. I mean, can he really do that all year long? Yes, it's not like I said before. It's not a good diss situation. Wouldn't be the first time when you have somebody disgruntled, working the entire year in the time-slotted, you don't want him to be on. And then you got the guy following him. You don't want to be on at all. Absolutely. You've been like, the shoes is kind of a tefulon between 2 and 4. And now he winds up doing everything and drive, doing, and grow tests, but looking interviews with Dick Stockton, and people of that ilk. Nobody wants to hear Dick Stockton. He's got nothing to say. During a game, he's got nothing to say. So certainly off the broadcast, while we were about, you know, that's all these buddies. Like I told you, there's that sport-hole fraternity, and it will never end. They're all in bed together. Let's take bed. It's a big, gigantic circular bed. 1058 and 560 WQN. He was your new user as a lotion. I bet you it was to lose weight. Maybe you're sitting in your desk right now in your car. You feel like I'm buckling your belt because your pup is bursting. Undoing the top button on your skirt, maybe you've already done that. Well balanced for life, I'll deliver right to your door. 5 meals per day, every day, I'll based on a very popular and effective zone diet. 5 meals a day and you still lose weight. And the best part about the deal is balance for life is the only meal delivery company to offer menu choices. Go to balanceforlife.com on a web and check it out. In tell your self, with delicious goodies like blueberry pancakes, you'll feed cheesecake, elephant, tuna burger, grilled filet with parsley potatoes. And even I have a chicken and veggie pizza. And I'll be snowboards in South Florida right now to check this out too because they can take with the meals to your specific needs too. Don't think you're overweight. Take the simple BMI test at balanceforlife.com. Just go to the bottom of the page, click on body mass index. If your store is over 25, you're fat baby. You need balance for life right away. What are you waiting for? The new year is just to start. It's over to the side of the road. Put that pen around right now. Get on the phone. Call balance for life right now. Get started right away. 866 225 4543 that's 866 225 4543. Run a web balance for life.com. On 566. Okay, can I just log your formal complaint? I'm getting so sick and terribly inconsistent. See, I mean, some of these IDs, you know, are when they're over with. Some of them are same army for a lot of it, right? Yeah. And then there's some of those redewasers. This is gonna be my main. What would it want to say about like a half a second? Like some kind of a game now, Clarence. Does he like, you know, play like a little game with us? What are your parents? And believe me. Play a part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right, go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got this one. And I was told. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. it's 11.03 and five and 60. WM what we're going to do next week is on the B.C. Kurner video will take the top five from this week from today's pool. Or we already got it locked up. We're going to have a lot of Carmella on there and I'm sure we'll have no complaints about that because we have her on Friday and we'll use obviously she's going to win. So next Monday we'll put the picture from last Friday on again. Or unless you got a seventh one. Do you have a seventh one? Come on, you got it. I got it. But do some great things. Don't be sorry we got a lot of time. We'll do some great things to the background of that music on the radio so I'll just kind of practice. Anyway, Howard was off yesterday so I decided to listen to Hank and I hate sports radio so he's done it and all the rest. But there's a theme that runs through all the sports radio callers. That is what you think. What's your thing? What's your thing? What's your thing? What's your thing? It's a success. Right. And if I wait back with you and I thought, what do we say now? What's your take? Yeah, what's your take? What do you think? And I'm waiting for Hank go, what do you think? Or even worse than that is don't you think because they want you to agree. They want you to validate their resistance. They want to. I'm sure you agree with me. And they always prefer to have us because they want to most of the callers just want to suck up. They don't want to be in confrontation. I just want Hank to blow up like, you know, one of those spots that you have for you just blows up at people. I just want to show you like that. That's good. Anyway, love to show you fact machine. Wasn't working yesterday. It wasn't working yesterday. Yeah, just rang out. Never stopped. Yeah, well, maybe it was like busy. It was like jamming. J. Reloaded. Jamming up in J.L.T. Okay. Thanks a lot. Oh, one more thing. One more thing something. The, the, the, the, the, the, the drive by. Remember we could drive by that. Oh, yeah. And it was outstanding to that we can play it on the air. Okay. Thanks. Sigma. Here's a fact that says, hey, Nio is Carmella. It's his eye. Mark with the is like a clean littering for six months. She does every one of those compatibility withrocense brown earth skin and cinnamon company. Lisa, does something to think come from your business with our own pocket. He performed with references by Jay and Chris who was an trois for president Destroyer from the Garcia. Yes. That's where the store, originally came from. When we found her right. I think she is an ex girlfriend. That's right. Oyeola. A lvy. Oh, Josh Cortis doesn't believe that. I don't know what he found like. I've never seen him speak. Well, that's great. You don't play too good. He speaks well. So maybe he's got a speedy effect. I don't know. It says I think she is his ex girlfriend. What is such a hot girl I heard him with such an ugly disgusting guy? Is it out there? Yeah, isn't it? Like Jeff Garcia. Maybe she's a fat hag. Alright. It says unfeelable. So it says. Also I heard yesterday, Juan from a little event, and I'm calling Hank show. Oh no. Why does he have that tank? I saw. Well whoever's producing a show shouldn't put him on, please. We got very, very what everybody talks to everybody at this station. Well that's pretty lame. Everybody though. I'm going to tell a hot bird tomorrow. He's there shouldn't follow in a footsteps. So certain people have worked in a morning before that talk to all these losers. The chronic's over and over again. I'm sure that I don't know. I don't know. I don't know who that is, you know. All of you probably call Hank when he was in the afternoon. The chronic's they call everybody. Anybody that will tolerate them. They'll call them, use the upper-leg. Here's a fact that says that we're shocked to hear you describe Dr. Conradilly's advice as a dike during your radio show this morning. As you should know, marriage is not proven heterosexual or homosexual preference. Many great secretary of states have chosen not to marry during their careers, including Dr. Henry Kissinger. The fact that Dr. Kissinger later married a lovely woman after having dated many other strike. Here's the apid of part after having dated many other striking women. As proof to me he was a heteromail. We don't have Dr. Rice has not been linked to any male. Now before we from circus next year, any other time. I wouldn't be that surprised if in the future we don't discover that Dr. Rice has been secretly playing stinky finger where they probably don't wash in man. I would think we're always stinky finger with a washman woman. Then after we've honored one of America's greatest black women is your standards statements are disgusting. I see social we should wait a couple of days as if there's some connection between the fact that the estate with Dr. Martin Luther King, you need to who I'm sure is rolling over in his grave at the coronation of Condoleezza and her ilk. You've got to be kidding me. Just like we're seeing on Crossfire today, since it's dying moments that show. Publicala was saying he actually, Martin Luther King Jr would be like a guest, a guest at what school went on over there in Iraq. Beom and Lee and just like he was opposed to the war in Vietnam. But everything can be made into a racial issue. He didn't even darken up. They had like a good son, okay? They gave me the song that I think about. She's black. Maybe. You know, like a few hours in the sun and southward on a hot sunny day and like in July. That's about it. Definitely local latte. But everything can be made. It's just guys to hang. We will. Okay. Well, give us another facts. Let us know how many days after how much separation we need to have from any kind of a holiday. All right. Let's do it on what I can think of. Before we can say anything about Dr. Rice. The fact of the matter is that she's right there on the TV right now. The first prayer. The first prayer. The first talk about her aspirations or somebody's aspirations. Give me a break. I'm just overhanded 88 year old driver back to over couple in a Walmart parking lot yesterday afternoon, putting them under her car and ramming a Mustang and SUV according to what this is any police spokesman. Nice going granny. An nearby shop or put to women's toilet across the city in park and used a jack to raise a wheel off Josephine up pay up a chone for husband, able to put chone, remained untung main trap until permetic you're right. According to Commander David Gold to police spokesman, how come he couldn't get out himself? I guess he wasn't able. Right. The couple visiting from Colombia. I was just discussing talking about our Colombian friends. Everything is disgusting. Okay. Everything is grotesque. Everything is unacceptable. Go out your ass. How do you like that? So tired of these goody two shoes politically correct crowd. Man, it makes me sick. Lighting up a little bit. Oh, there's Chris Dodd. He's another sell-up. You know, he comes across like the in really great liberal and all. And he's a sell-up. Chris Dodd. Anyway, the couple visiting from Colombia and staying with relatives in Southwest Ranch is we're rushed to Memorial Regional Hospital in the Hollywood. The Naval Petron was insurgent yesterday as wife was listed in a critical condition in intensive care. Police were still tried to determine exactly what happened. But Gold said the driver, Marie Miller, pulled out of the diagonal parkants five to quickly, hit the bachons and ran the other two vehicles across the island. The parking lot of the Walmart, 180 fourth-haven-land-pines road. One more good reason not to go anywhere near Walmart. It's some care how fast Miller was going. But a few witnesses told investigators they heard her tire squeal. Gold said. Hot Rod Granny. Yeah. Miller, maybe she was squealing. Miller, a tempered pines has a valid. She's had a valid Florida driver's license for 11 years and had one ticket in 1994 family of the United Way State record show. Moments after the crash. This is the best. This is always what goes on with these old toads. Moments after the crash Miller didn't know what was going on. She thought she just did another car. So one of the first shoppers came to help. Armando very own wayvo 29. Bearing a wayvo in his wife and two children walking their car with groceries. When they saw the accident he went in the most car, put it in park and pulled around the driver seat. After trying unsuccessfully to pull Josephina Peshaw and out from under retire, very unawable city dug in the trunk and found a jack by that time about the shoppers that joined the rescue effort. And they were able to free her. I didn't like that. 88 year old lady. But that's Florida baby. Right. There's a moral there. Every time like, for example, it would be funny. I don't like stuff in my passport around. So I used my driver's license to ZID. And I showed them on the back is the renewal of the exploration day that blue thing you know, you stick on the back of your license that they send you in a mail. So you get on the internet. You get on that right. Sure. Yeah. They say that blue thing. This is just a convict. And they can't believe what I tell them that you could be deaf dumb blind. That there's no vision test. No, you could be. You could be like a quadroplegic. Center of last time you took a driver's test. And in Florida, here you go, baby. Have some fun for next year. You'll run your test. Crucibly. On 560. You and I. The University of Miami basketball team takes on coach K and the Duke Blue Devils tomorrow night at the Comvocation Center. Where's an invite bell sound? First he's one of the search and privilege of giving me a. It's about a simple 3 p.m. A right here. Sport for you 560. 2 a.m. How like meals pulled? No one ever told you they would step in great so to me. Now it's just a joke because actors are such fun foods. They'll let them watch for your naked from here. When it's very last that day, a week or month, a ribbon I gave. A red and a gen or truth. With the bells told me can swine red and a gen or truth. What they keep in time though, not red and a gen or truth. Touch a date for more. I don't know how to continue. It's 11 17 at 560. I was about to rip this a factor in an ass because he's the same one as always. I got the obsession with Joan Bondel. She's on the original list here and I was going to say, what are you a factor in about she's on there? I don't see it on the website. How to be? Well, then that one has been shrunk down. There's three votes. I see. That's why I was looking to blow that. So she's on there. So like I said, please, it's a long okay. She's on there already. You'll coat Joan Bondel. My ass. She's on there. I remember that. Yeah. Very well. Terrapatric for Sofia Vergara for El MacPherson for Alia for Stacey Dash 3. Rachel Hunter 3. How's got three votes? 10 in the ass factor. She's already got three votes. She's on there. Jessica Beal has got three. Jennifer Anderson 3. Jamie Presley 3. Kristen and a reachy 3. Brittany Spears only 3. All the three votes were Brittany. Oh boy. How do I might be a fallen. Are we Benton 3 after that? Susha. Men and men and girls. Two. Is that how it says? Susha. Susha? I'm not going to say that. You said? Susha. And it's a bit of a cycle in Latin America of democratic developments followed by a Thorich Harry and one. I don't like the ones that we stuck in there. Yeah. Here's line nine. WQM. Pretty good. I was going to say. I heard you saying deepos don't owe it to ESPN. Because he's content on this other station. I want a couple of times. I've been waiting for the August deepfro. Can I get my prize? I've never given to the Indian. And the other thing is to better a great omega HAA toast. Is that who that is? That is toast. He's toast again. Yeah. Thank God. Okay. The better guy. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for being here. We're going to care about the Alexa stuff over there. I was looking. Like I said before, you're playing little games man. You're playing with yourselves over there. Oh, we got to us. Do you got to have a bass there? And we got to take me to Vini. Oh, please. You got your rose period. That's all you have as of this date. The big plums would be the dolphin games and the mad dog. Not in that order, by the way. Because the dolphin games don't get that big number like they used to. They're on serious. And they're on TV anyway. Although next season. I would be too sure that. I don't have a couple of blackouts in there. Josh, do you think so? Probably. After this four and 12 season. Although it's the Nick Seaman era coming baby. The Nick Seaman era. And Wayne is going to go out there and spend the mid-box like Hank was talking this morning. And he's going to get this one. He's going to get that one. I want to go to kick you out. Yeah, Steve. Yeah. Take turns our dynasty, baby. They got the best coach. They got the best quarterback. They got the best in the linebacker. They certainly got the best kicker. They don't mistake about that. Is there any debate about any things I've just said? Yes. Such as what? The best linebacker you definitely don't have. And who's that? I'll be right Lewis. Get out of here. Gail bird. I'm talking about a guy that's on the outside on the in jail bird. Now you're right. Yeah. But after Sunday, you gotta give Teddy Brucekey a big hand. You're not. Hey. He's good. In a clutch. Just like Brady, he doesn't put up the stats like a patent may sandy payton man. A lot of people are comparing a sandy payton manning to Dan Moreno and as much as I loved any boy. He gave us a lot of years of excitement. I think there's some similarities there if he creates my drips. You know, even though Danny wasn't as ugly as a dumb looking, he didn't have those Batman lifts, you know. And very often had that per byx angry look on the field like, see, where you run. They're what kind of a pattern was that, you know, patent, Dan Moreno and Jim Kelly are going to be at the bar together. They never want anything. Yeah, but at least him Kelly got another Super Bowl eight million times and they get their four times or something like that to build. Yeah, four in a row. But they didn't have one. And they lost them all. But still at least he got there. Very tiny Super Bowl's to Danny play in. One. Now I don't think he played in any. Or is the last time they were in was it 84? Yeah. Because David Woodley was a quarterback. Right. I may be wrong about that. They may have played one game against the San Francisco. Maybe they did. But anyway, he ain't no Tom Brady. I'll say that. Tom Brady's got it all over either one of them. When you win two Super Bowl's and three seasons and it looks like they're well on the way to do it through it appearance in four years, forget about the stats. Don't show me stats. Show me what did you win. What did you accomplish? Right. Right. WQM. Hello. Any idea, Mike? Pretty good, pal. Good. Hey, listen. I didn't catch it. Show. But I want to ask you. How do you like listening to Phil Sims and the Patriot game? I didn't pay attention to Phil Sims. Oh, he's in it. He's horrible. And you are right, man. I think the fan of my word. Yeah. I was doing tense with the game. I didn't worry about him. Oh, that's good. Up and now we have a good day. And how do you like the way that CBS missed the Brady's touchdown by the way? Yeah, I know. I didn't even show up to freaking game. I get the fifth off. Yeah. The two busy short lot of other crap and do one of the commercial and promos to show us the damn game. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm sick of that. I'm really sick of tearing it. I know it costed me spending $1 billion for the correct to the game. But when the game is going on, show us the game. I don't want to see some jackass on the sideline. You want to show them for like two seconds after made a big player a bad play. That's fine. But don't keep focusing and focusing on the meantime. I want to see where is the ball. I want to see the team come to the line of scrimmage. I don't want to see any close up of anybody. I don't care how good he looks. How bad he looks. I don't need that during the game. I want to see the game. I know that's a revolutionary concept. But man, both CBS and Fox. They suck on at Kanevc2. They suck. How many times? How many times a season? You missed crucial plays because then I work his A either like still in promos or commercial. Or be more likely to show you replay of something that we just already got seen. How many times? About 30 minutes. That's their favorite. They're showing a replay and then we come back to live action and the play has just ended. A big phenomenal play has just ended. Or maybe even a touchdown and they missed it. Like Tom Brady's rushing touchdown or any game the other day. You see that? I said we're in commercial. Yeah, I did. Fast roots. No wonder CBS is under the gun. No wonder. I'm going to tell you right now the CBS I. There's tears coming from that thing, man. It's crying and not crocodile tears either. Real honest to God tears because CBS had a mighty airfall and you guys suck. Not bad enough that the best they can do is Jim Nanson and Phil Laurmautemus. Brother. See this is what's happened. I don't want to sound like one of those old funny days of how great he used to be. You know something I've really used to be. And this is all part of the the the the devolution of broadcasting. As opposed to like creating talent and great broadcasts and individuals. And people look personality. Everything that was cookie cutter including sportscasters. Remember they were making such a big deal about table Brian and I never understood what that was all about because first of all Joe Angel had 50,000 times the personality that they will Brian will ever have. Oh, what? Well, you know what I've never met Joe Angel personally. No, no, no, no, I'm not talking about I'm not. So when I say person out and talk about on the air. Okay. Do you thought table Brian was like a he was he sounded like all the other ones. He sounded cookie cutter. It's the same as all our stadiums. They built at the same time three rivers, uh, riverfront, a bush daily. I looked the same cookie cutter. He had no distinctive personality. They will Brian. Pussy talk to his teeth like they got it does the heat games. Which is name I keep forgetting Eric. Yeah, he talks to receive. He's good. But why does he talk to receive? Shea. Shea. Shea. There's not such order. Shea. Okay. There's a word of begins with S. H. And H. Kevin. But it sounds like that. Okay. Okay. I think it sounds like that. Yeah, we have a good idea. So you don't know what it is. It sounds like that. And then we say. They say they will Brian, my ass. They really screwed over Joe Angelman. And I really pissed me off. Good guy. And then of course they will Brian stuck at the them. Which was really poetic just isn't took off for the ESPN. Well, I don't even hear about him. I mean, oh, he does games here in air, but he's nothing. He's just a voice. He does TV now. Yeah. But I mean, he's, he's not. No big deal. He's got no personality. Is that they had personality that were different they wouldn't sound like all the other guys So they disagree because David Brian has a really good personality maybe maybe you don't like the way he sounds But like I would say his personality is what makes him what he is What what does that mean? I don't know in other words you like him personally off the year No, I think he had a high-end I would he once he was a very personable guy. I had liked him. I don't I don't dislike him personally But if professionally I think he's much to do about nothing. He's just another voice There's nothing distinctive about him look I got the baseball package the football package They hockey package I hear all the broad characters and the last 20 years you name me anybody who's like distinctive who's like a Like a really star like a hairy carry a Bob Prince and my lalan name me somebody think about it during the break And when we come back my challenge to his name me one just one okay, okay Think about it all right get your thinking cap on okay Or like that always says put your cap on 20 and after 11 and 5 16 W2MIR IRS tax problems that way of eating your life to pieces man They take a tool on you financially physically emotionally You can never get that IRS monkey off your back they come back every morning those problems when you wake up in a cold sweat We're about what you're gonna do CP agenty buck will in the buck wall tax from will help and your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind Which is why other types of the end law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax for when they got problems with the IRNS Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all your own file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records Now maybe you have an IRS lean a wages levy you'll pay roll taxes and penalties Or maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you will need time to pay whatever your problem A buck wall tax firm can help you out They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief of not sooner from Herastment by the IRS and best of all you don't have to go to those pain and ask meetings because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings And discussions with the IRS you need to have to go call them today with the O10 grand a million bucks Anything in between the IRS taxes because these are the people the buck wall tax firm who can help you out column in nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred that's nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred column today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at IRS freedom dot com and stuff or in about the IRS knocking down that front door nine five four five seven five two eight Oh oh five success Okay My name is Deathloat, Ram, just follow up, Fox and their locators. Who's your dead, who's your dead? Is he for the food's up and they pay Fox? Is it brought by Ram? Yes, it's brought here to your dead, he is Son of Deathloat. Deathloat, there are boxes that close, looking for a baby. I'm just looking for a dead, dead, who's your dead, who's your dead? Or are we in the name of the food's your dead? Who's your dead? Is he a male prostitute? Oh, heaven forbid, the guys monged in, the one of them might be Alzheimer's. It's 26 till noon at 5, 60 WQM, our ward running line of continues at 2, which is managed by a protest. And then we got guilty. I don't know who's the fault that is at 7, 8K, 10. Very pristine life. We had no ball game sitting over a coolness, no workman. We got nothing. By the way, that guy that was given me the song of the answer on the facts about the kind of leaves. I had to write the news to you, but when I said that Janet Reno, I made some kind of di-common about her. I didn't notice any protest about that, did you? Well, it's not a deal, though. You wrote his advice. Because in fact, he's white, you see, if she's white, that's okay to say she's a dike. How do we know, Janet Reno is a dike? Why would you make such an allegation like that, that Janet Reno is a dike? Good news, the Catholic Archbishop has been released today after he was kidnapped in the Northern Iraqi city of Mosul, Vatican for confirmed today. No answer was paid for the release of Basil George Casimusa, a spokesman for the Vatican in Rome said in Aroma. There were reports that the kidnappers used his cell photo to the man they 200 grand ransom, but they turned him loose. Today you go, old Papa, he's out. Now, what's the story, Josh? What do we got? I mean, like him or not, I like Joe Buck. No, not not not not, just a minute. What? I didn't say who do you like? The question was, name me one broadcaster in the last 20 years. I'm not talking about somebody's been around a long time, like more somebody, like a who's like distinctive and got like a real is really great broadcaster. I mean, Harry is one, like a Harry who, Harry Kerry. Harry Kerry was broadcasting me before you were before I was bored. Harry Kerry did the cardinal games in the 40s. Harry, but what? He wasn't in my lifetime either. I'm not saying who was around in your lifetime. I'm saying who's come along in the last 20 years. Oh, come on. There are a lot of sportscasters. Name me one. Any sport? John Miller. John Miller has been broadcasted since before you were even a dream. Well, I'm just saying, you know, I can only go with, you know, what I start here. I don't know when people started. Trust me, John Miller has been broadcasted in Orioles games for like, coming years. I'm turning there. Yeah. I'm waiting. I don't know. A newcomer. I don't know. I might not have some money. 20 years is not a newcomer. I mean, by your standards, that's just about your whole lifetime. But I'm just saying in your lifetime, name me somebody new, new, new. I don't know that I can. There isn't. They don't exist. Okay. I can give you a list as long as you're I'm not saying all the old sportscasters. Everybody tell you we're great like Jack brickhouse in Chicago. He was an embarrassment. He was legendary. I have no idea why. He must have had naked pictures. He was horrible. He was grotesque. He was an idiot. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. He was so bushly. I can't even describe it. How did Jack brickhouse? He then should have been Jack outhouse. Did we hear him? Yes. He was terrible. The best comes in elsewhere. Bro was not here. He carried by the Ways Jack Quinlan, who got killed. He got hit by a car in the died. He was sensational. I mean, Vince Scully, him, the red barbra mel Allen and Harry Carrey and Bob Prince and Jim Woods. He was the list went on and see back in the day before the network scabbled up all the NFL games. Like it is now. Each team used to have regional broadcasts. So each team had its own announcer on TV. Chris Shankled it the Giants, which I wasn't big fan of his. Ken Coleman did the Browns and on radio. Gim Shanley was the Browns and announcer who was. He was maybe the best football announcer ever gives Shanley in Cleveland. And Johnny most with the Celtics. I mean, every team had an announcer that was like legendary. Or he harwell of the Tigers. What happened? It's like everything else in broadcasting. You could say the same thing about for you about sports. Just about music, DJs, talk shows. Where are they? Where are the new superstars? And they don't exist. Because take channel and the handful of other companies have taken the originally out of the business. And you can count on the fingers of one hand. The number of people who come along in a business in the last 20 years. And believe me, Stern didn't start in the last 20 years. He's been around a lot longer than that. Who are like who mean anything? Much less legendary. Got it? Got it. Pretty sad. What they've done to our business man? Pathetic. How did I get off in his tangent? Always about the broadcast about Phil Sims. 560, 560, Tom 560 and a variety of things he got to write about it. We're talking about shaving your head today. How did he QA and hello? Comerger. Yes sir. I need to put you up. I get it just a little bit. What if Cox a horse from eating how would I spell that? Oh, I can't say I have a spell. I can't actually. But I enjoy seeing what I've said. Means you go take a good dump. This isn't the building I heard. Joyce isn't the building. Well, isn't that special? What does it mean? It gets by if you don't want to. I've got your town. It means go take a good dump. Oh really? I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. I'm sorry. What's in the box? That must be the guy from Light. PD. They're looking for an audience. They're looking for some some contact with a human audience out there. 560, 560, by the way, Friday is a big day. We want to talk Friday to you. Full book comes out. Why is it lately? Well, it's because of all the machinations and insanity going in his radio station. They just don't seem to ever come down to earth. Oh, Joyce isn't a building. Maybe she's meeting with a man dog. You think? That would be nice. Wouldn't that be sweet. Just like Hank said this morning, if we could ever put that thing to bed and get that over and done with and get this place back the way we wanted to be. Mohour, David, and 2 to 4. Jim Mandage for the 7 of get. Get it done. Get it done, Joyce. Okay. And stop trying to show off everybody what a genius you are and how you're going to wreck WQ. I have an all the things that we've worked for years. I'll most have built. We've worked like Colunatix to build this thing. And you're trying to come along with your legal expertise and show us how you can browbe your all the hired hands man and get everybody signed a bunch of crap that nobody is going to sign by the way. I mean, nobody ain't going to sign that. And by the way, Joyce, you're fired. I just don't like what your hero looks this morning. You're fired. 20 till noon at 5, 60 WQ a. How about the van Patrick and he throw it alines. They fill a bill fee egos. He had some of bizarre ways to speak. Who did the right and the Fred Cuesick? Well, I mean, hockey mountains. You wouldn't know. Professor Brun's foster and Bill Hewitt and Toronto. He'll bow on. Hi, there's hockey for me. Great, great enough. His man Danny Gallagher and I'm on to y'all. Danny Kelly. Name me some great new hockey and I was just okay. They just come along, come down to pikemen. Yeah, couldn't do it. Couldn't do it. Good, yeah. Oh, that's right. We're not. How old are they ever know? How do you put them? I just for the hockey fans, there may be a little tiny sliver-hoo. The NHL and the players. Are meaning tomorrow. The little significance, but the players have started to get to the point where we're not getting any money. We're getting just that little bit of money we get from the Players Association. And we're not there. We're losing like 90% of our salary. And we're starting to like starve over here. So just maybe they'll resolve something and have like a very short season of how many games. About third man. Could be a joke. Let's see, commentator awards. Oh, look at this. That's good. Check out the article TV commentator awards. The best of the worst of the NFL announcing teams by Paul Zimmerman, Dr. Z. He has forced illustrated. It's on CNN.com and it's forcechnies right on point in everything they said. Well, I'll have to check that out. Hey, resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800-MATRIEST RIGHT NOW. Nothing's got a big impact on your daily health well being the way you feel every day and your productivity and a good night's sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight on Super Macris from Dollar Macris. If you make that call right now to 1-800-MATRIEST. If your Macris is more than 10 years old, maybe it's noticeably saggy or lumpy in the Macris 2. That's time for a new one. Choose from a complete line of the best in the world. I got Seely. Surtha. Simmons, King Coral. Temper Pete against Stearns. And Foster Hewitt. Dollar Macris takes in the order's all day long from kettle to steward. Rimes with Hewitt. And Palm Beach to Ford Myers. But ever happened about Hewitt kid. Well, that was his name. Who's that movie with the... With the Burf Shields. Foster. Seriously, uh, what was his name? Well, see him, don't worry. How did it? I'll look at it. Damn it. Anyway, they were having sex on the floor. Uh, Burf Shield. And what a burf-sale. Hewitt. Martin Hewitt. Okay. What was an Internet movie? Oh, and what's love? And very good. How do you like that? I saw that at the theater. That was good movie. You picked the Dayton Tribal of Hewitt. When you want your Macris delivered. They're proud of... I wonder when Mama was standing there on the, uh, upon the upper, uh, railing there. We're looking down watching him doing this thing. Yeah. She was thinking, why couldn't that be me? And so that bitch. Option button-biking. Park score. And seven years ago, our father is far-forward on this condense. Our new nation can feed in liberty and dedicate it to the propositions of all men. I create an equal. Ha ha, don't you believe it, Go, friend. Anyway, y'all, y'all, y'all are other people by the people for the people. And now it's time to get out of this funny top hat. And ensure our cold Mama's event. It's awesome to see it, uh, there's no bed that I show. There's a children. I'm fine. 14, you'll know it as fine. Since I just scoured the scene and sports illustrated website. I don't find anything about the TV commentator words. So, uh, F from and that Ruth Luzian, thanks for your facts. But you're definitely going to be a little more specific. And the lead me by the hand and guide me where to find that. Because I just, I couldn't find it, you know. And the thing on the website either. You find it? I look for it. Tom. It racked me ban driving to stop car bombs. I think we want to stop all these actions. We ought to do that too in a murk. Or it has banned driving. All right. Iraqi officials said Saturday they're considering new measures to protect voters in a January 30. Not turned man. National election, including a three day nationwide ban on driving to prevent car bombings. Fresh clashes broke out on the trouble northern city of Mosul, where most election officials have fled their jobs in fear. A US military helicopter made emergency landing in Mosul after drawing ground fire to the west command said, and US morning was co-19 Saturday just off a bank day. US and Iraqi officials fear a surge in attacks as the vote nearers to prevent that. And Iraqi cabinet minister told reporters authorities are considering restrictions on the movement of private vehicles and possible security cordons around polling stations. They said, I like that. 5605060, pound 560 on a variety of in singular rubbish line is no contest. This is just like yesterday when James Earl Jones won our pulled by a million votes and the same thing today. More even more love cited. Who's the hottest babe has been on the beta curtain so far? Our melody says, I already has got 101 votes. Nobody else has even got 20. Howly Burry has got 18 Angelina, July 16, the list of Malano 14, Carmen like the 13th and the corner hole of your 12th. Charlize star on 11 everybody else in single digits. Howly like that. WQM, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Dr. Neil. Speaking. I do it. All right. Hey, you like to be safe. WQM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. For your sportscaster question, you have two for you and they're both tied to the Marlins at some point. Uh huh. One of them is table Brian. No wrong. And the other one is there. Hey, damn a Brian doesn't even come close to the category of an Ostrm talking and in 10 years nobody ever remember who the hell table Brian was. What about Luke? If Luke had a chance on a, you know. I mean, Luke is just starting out. I don't know about Luke is good by me. You would put him in a category being a legendary broadcaster. He's like the non-against for like two or three years. I think that is voice. He has the possibility of. I'll go see the question is not who's a sportscaster last few years that you like. The question I was asking Josh is which he had no answer for. They need somebody who's come along in the last 20 years. Who is in the same category as the great legendary sportscasters. Who'll be remembered for decades and never to come. Okay. And I wouldn't think that either one of the people who mentioned are going to be in that category. I think it's given the right opportunity to be there. You may be the one person that I can listen to the radio. We're not the TV and you think the picture form. Yeah, he's good. He's excellent. But not legendary yet. You can always go with skip carry. And the one I like skip carry. He's good. I enjoy him. I like his right humor. But he's not even a shadow of that. Right. And additionally, he's been doing games for a lot more than 20 years. Sure. Okay. You too. Maybe, uh, skip carry. He's pretty good. But he's going to be legendary. He's going to be in the same category as his dad and grandpa. I don't think so. I could be wrong about it. I don't think so. You think so, Josh? No. He's a chip off your old block. But he had to do that though. Ask me whatever you want. Because how long has Joe booked been around? Too long. He'd been around 20 years. No, no, no. No, wait a minute. You're missing my point. I didn't say he didn't qualify. I said he's not. He's just ordinary. He's not a great product. You know how much I fuck. How about his father? His father was legendary. His father was greatly started getting seen out last few years. But he was phenomenal. Yeah. Yeah. And that group was fortunate. I don't believe what I just saw. He was a character. Joe buck is just a voice. He's not a great. You think he's a great broadcaster? Yeah. He's good. He's got a hair man. Your dream. You're an ear. I'm maniac. That's what I was saying. John Kerry was a great candidate. Well, some of the Michihadas, some of them were the format that I cut it out. Yeah. I mean, what is that? I said that George W. Bush is a great president. Just because he happens to be the president now. And I'll send you a Joe buck. No, that's too ridiculous. No, he never. That was a shot. I think that fact, you know, I'm sorry. I liked Joe buck. But he's not great. He's not even a shadow of what his father was. In fact, Joe buck and table Brian and a lot of these guys. They all sound the same. They don't mean anything. And of course, because they got the CBS and Foxx, they're all football games. I'm man. They got they have all these broadcasting. Crucine babies all hanging around guys like Don Cricky who just turned 100 years old, you know, and they got the Marv Albert skid. What's his name? The one that sounds like he's got 40 pounds of mush in his mouth. What for? What? I don't know which one he's on. Marv Albert. He says, when you don't see the regional games, you would have the package. My friend of this. I want to. When you know who I'm talking about, not Albert. The son. The one that sounds like he's got 75 pounds of elephant droppings in his mouth. He's an dick stock. I mean, wouldn't even dignify that by going to that instead of mowl, licking all over him on Friday. It's all hacks. Just all hacks. There's nobody good. I mean, in Jim Nass, I'll be honest with you. I don't think he's great, but he's better than anybody else. I can think about them. Michael's in Madden who are like, we owe ABC this Monday night. But I can't think of anybody else in football. Can you? No, no, no. No, pretty weak. George is loving this. He's really old already. Have you heard of it? Have you heard of it? You're doing well. Check me now. Two to three meals. That's more pictures of Carmella. Good. I'm glad. I'm happy for you, bird junior. Who do you want? Hello. How are we? Here. Yeah. I'm in here. Okay. Get on in. We want to say carry. We got the great. Say carry. Okay. Holy cow. Oh, that game was worth the spawning deal Rogers on Hollywood Beach. Then one of those butt-floss bathing suits. Who do you want? Hello. WWE QM Hello. Did I get my own profit? Yeah. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Hahaha. Oh, boom. Which one was the real one? Wow. That was good. 5.670560. Pound 560 on the Verizon name. Maybe the pros actually have been given to that. You missed out. Sorry. WWE QM Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. I was going about the analysis thing. The only guy I could think of and I don't know how long he's been around. But what about Mike Patrick? It does the games on the SPM. Very weak. Very, very, very, very, very, very marginal at best. Well, I guess he's got him mistakes. Lots and lots and mistakes. Like showing up. My real reason to call is you mentioned Dave and boring. And it struck a chord with me. Yeah. To a quick story about that guy, I listened to some of the Marlins games from my Office on the radio in two different times last year. I had to go online and find out what the score the game I was listening to. Yeah. So Josh is listening to that guy that he just got wants to freaking wild. Yeah. Poked up in the with your elbow and the ribs and say give this score a slow poke with it. It's the end of the beast up and I'm out of here. Okay. Thanks. Good call. 5 6 7 0 5 6. The pound five 60. Only Verizon and SIGGETER Wireless Lines. How do we get in that sports catch? You think it's not a sports show? Although I will say this. We certainly cover a lot more interesting stuff than some of the stuff like that. But I don't like that. That right tackle there for the band goals. Hey, sure. It's often not a try to sign M. I. Yeah. What kind of a chance do you think the solo shows have against the solo shows? Yeah. Right. Although I will say this. I just checked out that CNN website. I was looking for the sports catch. And they're taking a pool on there. About what you think the Super Bowl matchup will be after the playoff games this weekend. The NFC and the FC championship games. And far more people think the Patriots will be playing either Atlanta or Philadelphia. Then Pittsburgh. How do you like that? Now, of course, that doesn't prove anything. It's still got to play the game. But nevertheless. Frank says, and then after that certainly is not a newcomer, but someone I hear you know. Well, he just retired. Jesus. Someone I never hear you mention when you talk about great broadcasts. He was his fan. No, or he did a bill's game for a hundred years. He just retired. I'm curious what you thought. And he was great. I love to put the bill's games on mute. Listen to Van Miller call again. His greatest call was during the greatest comeback game against the world. At least he was outstanding. And I agree with that. He was, but he was part of that old school man. Like Rick Weaver. There you go. It says PS. If he could pass this word of advice on the hand kind of preshered it. Hank, please try to keep the old geezers off the earth like the ancient old bag he put on this morning. Hey, listen, I don't plan Hank for that. I've learned the producers. The producers outside of this show because we don't have screened calls on this show. So you can't blame anybody for that. Because if I wanted to get rid of somebody, they're gone in two seconds. But the producers on this station, the worst job is screening calls of any station I've ever worked at in my life. And that's because basically the people running the station, no one think about talk radio. They've got to clue how it works. Nobody wants to hear the same line from a little of Anna. Mark the jet span. I'll be same old crimes over and over again. I blame the producers for these people on. So this is bad enough. I have to deal with them at publics. Another invading my entertainment too. Speaking of publics, one is the mad dog. It'll be making another currency in the Delhi six again. Now here's going to be in the fresh fruit department next week. It's going to be done. That's how that choice is. Again, all that stuff's great enough. And I create more problems today. Okay. Are you positive? She's in the building. But it's just part of the river. Yeah. Well, hopefully it's a whole situation is going to get ironed out. But like I said, that's their problem. I'm not going to get all whipped up into a frenzy vibe. I've done my paid my tenants paid my dues. I've done it. And that's as much as I coast as I, is they're going to get out of me. What you did to me, Joyce, and all of your other buddies that I would do to Hitler in the Benito Mussolini and Osama Yamama and Saddam Hussein and all of those are going to put together. How do you like that honey? Absolutely unacceptable. Iron believable. Who was the hottest baby that has been on our baby curtain caramel in his eye? Well, it's his eye. In fact, I could be fired just for criticizing David Boring. I could have been part of our sign that deal. Because he's associated with African Marlins. You know what? You're out of the hell with that. He sucks. He's terminal. He's coma inducing. I don't care what you're like. I said, could Josh has to suck off. You know we have to stand. We know the predicament you're in. So just dummy up. Caramel of the day to his eye. 107. And look at his alley varies about 20. I mean, you talk about it on the left side, man. Yeah, even though they are very even. Now, I'm not talking about her rack. And I see, look, especially with joyson aboding. There were two things that somebody we know used to say all the time. Oh, in fact, about the only two things he ever used to say. I'll take your children a sell them to some Haitian. No, I wish you would have said that more. One was the big rack. And the other was the big pack. Okay. So just the cut the crap. I said, even. Like I said, when it out cut the crap. It's 1157 and 56. You've never been to a shop for quality. Footwear, great selection and professional service. You are going to love Brandy Susan Pombrobeats. There is no other shoe store in South Florida like it. George was just there on Saturday and they took good care of him. And if you'll take care of him, that's really something because let's face it. More and more these days, people just don't like George. It's a mighty bell thing. They got the top quality names and issue business, unbelievable prices. They got sales holes who make sure you get a perfect fit every time. What's not to like? They got rock ports, floor shine, SAS, fairy, timor, the naturalizer, all the other Chopper, hands from an end women. And they're open every day of the week too. They're open Monday through Saturday of Brandy's 9 to 9 and every Sunday 10 to 5. You're 5 Brandy's at 1290 to a federal highway in Pompanobeats. It's always worth the trip, no matter where you live. And right now this week is a super time to buy rock ports at Brandy's because they're offering you 20% off on all great men's and women's rock port styles this week. So be sure to take advantage of this because everybody loves rock port shoes. Come out of the store or you can actually shop online at BrandyShoos.com. George, listen to me, you'll need your Rogers. It's squosently on five six six six six six. You're a big fan. Ask to see Goldstein, but you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I will just do my thing, and I am in town. It's the 12th or one hour. Good vibrations brings the music of a beach voice to Broadway. Now there's a new music collection that brings the music of Broadway to the beach voice. It's fan vibrations. 20 of your favorite shelters, some only is the beach voice can't, like old man river from Shobong. Oh man man. Oh man man. And this classic song from Folklobe, I wish you a good seat. Oh, my lord, we're here. Oh, I'll see. Oh, from Folklobe, where the wind comes we've been down the plane. Oh, man, vibrations also features of Beach Boys' rendition of this tune from the music man. And we've got to have a deliverance of the season. We've got to have a deliverance of the season. We've got to have a deliverance of the season. That's the answer to the tune. That vibration is not available to the stores. To order, simply hang here 95 for shipping an ambulance call now. Come on to a 560 WCM happy to do it to. Efferman where we was in Van Rouge, I believe. Okay, says click on the NFL button on the home sports page and we got you out there. Hey, I'll try doing it after the show because with the short brace we got now the rest of the show day. I probably wouldn't have time to do anything. That'd be kind of interesting. Nothing we want to talk about that because it's too sports intensive. And a lot of our people are like George, you know. Go and carry. Although not that we got the Super Bowl coming up. You certainly will participate now. Won't you give drunk unsupportable Sunday? You totally. Yeah. February 6th Sunday, February 6th. It's like three weeks from. Let's see, this Sunday is going to be the 23rd, 30. Yeah, three weeks from the incident. I don't think I'll be getting drunk on the Sunday. Sorry. Well, why not? It's Sunday. It got to work. You have to watch the game. You have to be involved in any way shape or form at least. Yeah, or maybe smoke a big fat one. I'll do that even if there isn't any game right. Right. 560, pound 560, and a Verizon and singular, wireless line. I got this great calm. I don't want to read all this long stuff. Especially after the guy got me so depressed. It's too long. Fibal versus science war wages on in the classrooms. It's on our website. I think it's on the day, isn't it, John? It is. From Tim Harper to Monto Star. It's just, it's, it's what's going on in America, man. It should be scaring people, but they don't care. I'll put it in the bottom. I just, I don't have time to read some of that long. Plus, I got it called. Was it the first call? Well, that was depressing. Of course. You didn't use one. Keep rehashing the same old stuff, man. What's the point? What is the point? It's like some kind of exercise. Like some kind of obligatory exercise that we have to do to punish ourselves. And keep rehashing the same stuff about Bush did this. It's all over with baby. We lost. It's done. Zyne America. That's all I can tell you. Good luck to you, you'll need it. And now we got to see more hersting in the yorker. He wants to invade nine other countries. Besides Iran. So we got a waiting list of ten. And the Pentagon says, absolutely incorrect. This is a bunch of lies. Yeah, right. When it comes to lies, man. Nobody lies like the United States government. Well, of course. So in QAM, maybe we got a contender in there. 560, 560 pound, 560, and he Verizon, Singular Wireless Line. This business is trying to make a great sportsgast about a Joe Buckyard Dreaming. That's how desperate you are. And I understand because it's say you don't have much to deal with there. Okay. What you don't. You admit that. Well, lay on the whole. Like there's not a lot of people that just came, you know, came out lately that yeah, that can call a Hall of Fame, you know, came out. And I was talking about like a sportsgast. Okay, no Allen is dead. WQA and hello. Any of you, let's go. Yes, sir. Yeah, as a biologist, just in for the current topic, I would think a huge metge fan of Big hockey fan. I would say Gary Thorne would probably be there. Been on there for like 75 years. I, as you really, he was a metgeniser in the, and by my, my main exposure is in hockey. I think as good as a radio announcer for the metgeniser, he was easy. Brilliant hockey, not to free his peer. Really, well, I'm brilliant. Maybe a little carried away. He's very good. He's good. I think he's going to be legendary, but he's good. I think if he gives him some time, he might work his way up there. Maybe okay. You know, the way he's probably able to, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, he's nice. He's not a newcomer. Gary Thorne's been around a very long time. Well, no, I think he qualifies for the 20 year, uh, 20 year, uh, cut off that. I'm going to make sure that because 20 years, he's been a very long time. Well, no, I think he qualifies for the 20 year, uh, 20 year, uh, cut off that. I think he's been doing games more than 80 year. But nevertheless, uh, the current crop he's, he's as close as a family. They can be filled with the kiddie place. They might enjoy a buck. Can I play some, can you play some eyes there and Mickey Mouse for me? I don't know. I don't know. I'll have to run it by Joyce. Have a great day, pal. You too. I know the one we can play. Yeah. Where he says the P word. We can't play. Right? What we can play. I sure. Yeah, there. Let's say. Well, no, we can't play the one that the best one. I'm going to give him a scar like Pads. Mess it up. Eisner. Mr. Mouse. Wop, how are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just starting locations. Geez, as I'm scouting CEOs, you are killing me. But sir, who have done what New York Times Square? Boy, no, I can see. In on. We're on the left. You'll play the Rivas. Get that blue bird on it here. Okay, boss. If there's sure, look when we don't admit down Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. I know what publicly I support about, but you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through Gavoscom, like Pads. We're just scouting areas calm down. What's going to be, but, much, so tell me to calm down. We've got lucky when we low in stitch. $128 million dollars. Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you, Rudden. Hang on a minute. The thing you do, go. Remus, you got overcrap all over your shoulder. If you swing yourself up for heaven's sake. And turn off the bottom, Rudden. Play this. Oh, God. Sir, the network is fine. Boy, couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God. You're still running James Bond moving. There's six, they're here. Oh, what is your just what's going on? We're going on and be done with it. Please, no, it's make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in stitchie now. We have the new M.N.I. Chumman moving coming all the way to the summer. Oh, I think I'll sign. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, Neil. It's fine. You've got a spec swing in some of these titles. Pass me. Please. Remus. Remus. Remus. Here you go. I know you can't hear me. Remus. You're still running a barcode player. Here's a double double double. There you go. Remus. Take that blue. We're just. All right. I guess. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I've got done with you. What? I've done with the sir. I've put a hand storm in your job. But sir. You're terrible. Of course. They're not. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Probably to five sixty WCQ and what we can't play the other one because he says You know, when twice right matter of fact. The European Union may consider banning Nazi symbols in his 25 Embronations after Britain's Prince Harry. That's Harry of the Batonburg family. We're a swastika band who had cost him party to block some business officials. Hey, the first day. Frank O'Fartini. The EU's Justice and Home Affairs Commissioner. Franco Fartini. City was open to discussing the issue with the January 20th of the meeting of the EU Justice ministers. It may be worth looking in the possibility of a total ban a Europe-wide banish spokesman. Friesso Roscom Abhin. Told reporters Monday. Commissioner Fartini. Shares the general fitting of the of a property among the use of the swastika of the Nazi symbols. A program. The call came after several German conservative socialist and liberal Democrats in the European Parliament, or European ban following the scandal last week. A were photos published worldwide of Harry. Third in line of the British drone wearing the Nazi outfit. German socialist Helmet Cune called Harry a Royal Idiot for not knowing the consequences in World of the Board to history linked to the Nazi swastika. Germany already banned such symbols. Three should just reply. Oh, that's our family. That's our family flag thing. Man, if no families have like symbols and things. Crests and dope. Yeah, that's the family crest is the swastika. How's the wins of the Batonburg family? Court of Orbs. The British liberal Democrat Chris Davies question the Divandus was to go. I understand how the burden of history weighs upon my German colleagues view. He said, however, banning symbols cannot ban evil and risk claimed to the hands of those who would seek to subvert the vari liberties with most champion. Roscom Abhin said Fartini would urge EU ministers to use the swastika incident to push for agreement on EU wide rules to combat racism, fascism, and anti-Semitism. What does that mean we're getting rid of Soviet or British Holy and George W. Bush, where was Sconey? What does it call? Hmm. A proposal was introduced to you as a robot discussion to figure out a man came away. Roscom Abhin said officials would take care not to violate freedom of expression and devising such a ban. Fartini is decision-to-looking when EU well, my ban could further embarrass Queen Elizabeth the truth, who's to lead British commemorations of the Holocaust and London later this month. I hope that they boycott the queen out these demonstrators out there all lives and around a bunch of Nazi flags in her face would have British flag like side by each right. Bonephy great. Ooh yeah. Teach that miserable, crusty old bitch of thing or two. Attorney General John Ascroft is to announce the first US criminal charges in a problem. You end all for food programming in Iraq, CNN is learned. Anybody care about that? No. No. Only one thing we know about a slumber about Ascroft one of the healthy getting out and when Thursday him aint is coming in. He's going to torture us, I'll guarantee you that. Below me, that who main is guy? I'm going to torture all of us. Come on, let me teach his I did his I-121 votes and Halley Buries only got 21. This is so a website that managed unbelievable. How many votes we got total there? We got, uh, what a long, but less, four, four, four, four. We're two thirds of the way home and come on, let me teach his I-113% of the whole of the total. Not third man. And he's certainly so 560, pound five 60 and a Verizon and singular right of spine. Look at that phone man. We're the first one to play. Okay, I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Okay. We're all there to say my 10 is big. No. That's it. That's it. That's here we're a call for the day. Let's put the phone away. That's what they got. They noticed they are tremendous response to my Challenge there and you wanted to know why they couldn't come up with the names because they aren't any. I don't know. There's their aren't any. I mean Gary Thorne is a good broadcaster but the idea that he's been around forever. He's been around around more than 20 years. My point being that the I might go through it again. I made my point. Did I nobody cares anyway. Because most of the people are so inappropriate. Anyhow. Well, what about Joseph Gackie? Hey, great. Good. Line 9. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. It's pronounced the Caesar. That girl's name is pronounced the Caesar. I did say that among my try and some of the other ones. But I like we have an antenna. It will be the Chizade. That's what that means for a of the Caesar. Follow the Caesar. Sir. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It wasn't too impressive. My tentative. Well, that's the name of the time. Like you had dates, you saw. Don't let it out. It's a boring guy. But it would be pretty good for about like that. I like that. It's more small to that way. The Caesar. I'm going to keep saying. I guess you said hi. I'm not going to have to care about your pronounceer, right? I'll see you there by the hair. I'm not sure here's how I'm seeing it. They've been here for a stop. But anyway. How do you pronounce that? Okay. 1213 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M. The main man Anthony Kelly and Oces and acceptance capital mortgage. It's time for New Year's Resolutions. Like most Americans pay off your credit cards. Lowering your debt. Cutting your mortgage payments. Pulling out cash and investing. And real estate. These are some of these things anyway. Probably near the top of your list. Stafford is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. So I keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates. The main man's New Year's Resolutions to get back to the community. So this year. We're going to be a partner with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abuse in the good kids children each year. As acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause. What's this kids have as own the main man knows how important being a pair of this. So forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Kelly and O at Triple 8 for a three loan. Or you can check them on a web. The main man dot console at your application right online. One Triple 8 for a three L-O-A-N. And one of the things that we'll Roger. We'll get up to school and sing tonight on 566-8. A-U-A-M. The strong man. I said I know. But you said I know. That's so ridiculous. Thank you so much. You said I know. You remember. That's the truth. That we're going to get. That we're going to get. But you know it is me. We're always happy. We're happy. We're happy. We're going to get. True winners will take a look. But that's me. Go. You're feeling it. Go. Go. You're feeling it. I'm all taken. But you're still there. Go. But we're going to give you the seed. Go. Let's push me closer. I'm in a place of pain. But I'm feeling it. But it's me. Let's have a drink out there. I'll drink out the bowl. We're going to get. Don't make this much trouble. I'm going to go. I'm going to get. Okay. I can't go with the god. Thank you. Come 1869M50f. I can't wait. 00 had great break. Level had 40. He's been doing the devil games since they started the franchise, I believe. How about Doc Amir can I? Guys have pretended, I'm our vandamere. Now see, he's like a young up and come right? He's good. He's very good. Will you see, he's ever going to be legendary? No, no. Now see, even Josh agrees with that. He's very good. It's not a shot. It's just the whole different genre, man. There are some people who are very distinctive and very great. And they've got like, they're, you know, what are the kind? And we don't have those normal. Well, plus nowadays, they just throw a lot of X athletes. Oh, well, that was the beginning of the end. That's why that now you got your thumb on it. Because that's where the whole thing of sports casting went. Started going downhill. It was when all the illiterate X, Josh started becoming so-called sportscasters. People couldn't spell it. The only sentence they could do was like 10 to 20. Perfect. And that's why a lot of people with talent, they had decided to go in other areas because there were very few opportunities for like real broadcasters to become sportscasters anymore. Unless you used to wear a Josh strap a lot or shard with the guys or both. Sports. And I didn't find this other thing yet, but very interesting. We, one of the appoles are taken on SI and that's his patient of the championship games this weekend and the Super Bowl. Who's the best quarterback to allow him to play off? Ben Rotlissberger of the Steelers, downer at a McNab at Evel's, Michael Vick of Atlanta or Tom Brady of New England. I hope you think one at Paul Josh. Let's go with Tom Brady. Oh, good choice out of over 10,000 votes. 7% for Ben, 19% for Donovan. I guess I probably a Washington vote for him. 14% for Michael Vick and 60% for Tom Brady. How do you like that? Oh. He's doing it. 60%. They find a catch in on, see. They're finally given credit where credit is due. Let's get off at his sports talk stuff. Okay, sports talk is terminal and ponderous. Plus you people don't know any sportscasters. Come here QA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing Neil? Great. I just want to make a comment. If you don't mind about the way he did it, man over the season people have and both find more than what he would run in right. Yeah. What's the going to take? I mean, it's happened so much, especially this time of year. You know, when blood is so bad to hear him again. I mean, what is this thing going to do about people with, you know, that are that all driving? I mean, can you understand, sir? You're going to do anything. Yeah, I mean, or like what can the people do? What can we as drivers that are off the verge of? We don't even drivers. There's just people going to take them off. Said food, a parking lot. Right. That's right. I guess this is the beginning of the movement. Say your whole movement, man. Say hello. Yeah, I guess. You just put it on the list with one other reason. There's a hell out of here. I don't know. You got it. Hey, man. Anyway, Neil, I'm a huge dealer fan. But they're going to have a hard time again. You know. I really think, say, even at home, you know, but anyway, good luck to us, Tom. Good luck to everybody. That's all I got. Except the series. Okay, thanks. 560, 560, 560, and a Verizon, singular wireless lens. We didn't even put your buddy on here to even boring on the list. That's what we're making a list. But is he going to be legendary? Well, he's been around a long time. Is he going to be legendary? Oh, that's right. He's been around a long time. So he wouldn't qualify anyway. That's how the hook. For all time, sake. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Okay. Good call. WQAM, hello. Now, what's this type of with theophone? I give up. He. Yeah. Yes, sir. Are you ready? Pretty good. Let me get this radio turned off. Please. Good. Good. And thanks. We're most of the work. Okay. We have Joyce and the building. And he's spewing out the G-D thing. Cut the crap, pal. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560, and I think these calls are coming from inside the building. Remember when a stranger calls, which Charles learned maybe that was Joyce? The calls coming from inside the building. Joyce, do you want to voice? And believe me, that wouldn't be my first choice. Rubber is she looks like Dr. Ruth. The on a bad day. WQAM, hello. Hi, yes. How you doing? I just want to let you know. This is a live woman from Hollywood. Okay. Okay. You every day. And smokes one. I want to say hello to George. I do. Two more vessels. You know it. Okay. I love you. Nice to meet you. Okay. See you. Bye. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. How about Chris Borman? He don't call Gensley, the sportscaster. Actually, he does call games. They've had him on their doing some play by play, which is a bad mistake. No, now I'm talking about a play by play guy. I like Chris Borman. He's very funny. And he's very creative. And he's original. He's unique. But he's not. Not what we're looking for. Man, though you write he's good. Manage. Manage also doesn't do play by play. He's a color guy, the best. Okay. Gene Decker off. Yeah, Gene Decker off's pretty new. He's been all in doing a lot for about 40 years now. Do the bucks games. I don't know. See you doing a bucks game since the inception. What? What year did the bucks start playing the NFL? What was John McCarram? About 100 years ago. 1986? 86? I don't know. You're not in here. Look at how I've do a Google on that Josh. Tampa Bay bucks. See what year they started a franchise. And now you're the luckiest guy I'll hire. I'll hire you to show you. Went on fun. Let's say you're a wheel of fortune. Man, you break my heart. Losing my ass, man. Don't worry about it. How to break that. You too. I don't know. I said yesterday, the cameras don't talk about the losings. Anybody that's a camera that tells you that they win is a liar. I don't care who it is. Anybody who tells you. I don't care if it's Andy buyer. Rimes with liar. They're full of crap. Because the one thing I've learned over the years, especially at the track is, oh, everybody I had this. I had the super. I had, you know, something great. I'm real happy for you. You are losing your ass. Okay. Here comes the money and there goes your money. Take only that cash when you gamble that you can afford that discretionary cash that you can lose it. You can burn it whatever. Have a good time and if you leave it behind, which you probably will say, oh, that was a good couple of hours or whatever. And that's it. I would never, ever want to come on here and miss me. They'd say, I'm making money at woodbind, rare or gambling and anything. Because it's a lie. It's bull crap. Buy every now and any good lucky. And then those are the ones you want to talk about. Right? Who wants to hear about? Oh, gee. I lost four. Great. You want to hear that, right? No, but I want to hear other people lying in the bottom of the state. Lost. It's like the people inside. They're old gee. Well, man, this was a Christmas time. Okay. This was about a week before Christmas. All to the house. And this lady comes along. I don't want to get into a racial thing. But nevertheless, she comes along. And I've seen her a couple of times. It's kind of like a fraternity out there. But it's no all the regulars. And she says, well, oh, my gosh, I left the house. I had $3,000. I went out to buy the all the kids Christmas gifts today. And I came here instead. Now, do I need to even tell you the rest of the story? Go ahead. I need closure. No, you know the rest of the story. I guess the kids probably had a steal. The Christmas gifts are something because there wasn't a cash to buy them any Christmas gift. She left the house with three grand to buy the kids all our Christmas gifts for the whole family, right? But instead, she made a pit stop at the casino. It would buy. Well, let me go long story short. But I'm paying the money's all gone. Look, what do I want to hear about that for? I mean, what are you smuck? What are you doing here? WCWM? Hello. QAM. I can't take it. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Mr. Knight doing. Pretty good. Hey, you. You're at that archbishop, man. You don't think that out of direct bat line. Those are surges. You better write notes. Or else, you know, we're going to drop one of Boba good on day. I think the Pope called said we're going to molest all your children if you don't cut the crap. They let him go right away. Or they pay power. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, the poll. I don't refer to it too much today. So we've got an A million names on there because it's not even a contest. It's got now in the list. Yeah, we know. It was the hottest babe has been on a V-Decurtin on the O'Rigeers.com on our fine website. And so far we got, we got Stu got 489 votes for the E9. Carmel of the Caesar. That's his adi. Don't you like that better than I do. That's his adi. That adi. But a, but a, but a, but a, there's something small to you about that. It's a Saniano man. Carmel has got 134. Halle, very 21. Angelina Jolie's got 21. And according to Horian 19, Carmel left the 16. Elissa Malano 15. Cherries, they're on 40. He's only got 14. She's pretty hot. Y'all? Bamhead. What she's only got 14 votes. Elma Furson's got 10 and after that single digits all along. You're a single meal, Roger. That's a lot of fun. But I think you're a, and... W. Q. A. As crowds of adults, Howard and David is dead. Hey, thank you. How is it? Forget about it. Carmel is a great lay-after day. He's a bit tense and shocked therapy. Management's emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David. Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Markin' Zuzgell. Baby Nudes O'Way, it was intended to be. With periodic sports updates by Gildy. That's the Joe Markin' Zuzgell. Now on 5, 60, W. Q. A. A. M. The company in your sports intensive station five, 60 W. Q. M. We're those sports intensive today too much, so I think. By the way, I said John Wooden, I meant John McKeeve, of course. And I said John Wooden? I don't know. I was talking about the box. I think he's 76 by the way, the box you're in the NFL. John? He's gone. I don't know. He got up and left. I think it was disgusted by all your colleagues. Was he really? I probably got hurt because I talked bad about his buddy. David and boring, his sidekick on the Amarong Games. Hey, David, boring is a compliment. I'm listening. What the tell Joyce, what you're doing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Anyway, the Semitable Gene Deckeroff was very, very good, by the way. I don't know. Legendary, it was certainly at the FSU and in on the West Coast. They came out of only four ounces every inducted in the Florida Sports Hall of Fame. And calling FSU footballs in 79, FSU basketballs in 74. How many years is that 31? Sounds like to me. Bucks in 79, all sorts of other things. He's been seen Deckeroff. Like a malign. It's been ever less he's been around a long time. Bucks been around since 76 by the way. I just got through a saying that while you were taking a dump of what I've been doing. Well, I walked in in the end of it. On the end of your dump? What's my dump? Wow, we want to hear Jeff Garcia. Okay, here we go. Somebody watch first today to watch sports. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I got a green wet flight line. Some day you drive tap back screen right on one. That was it. Get out of here. That was Harvey Firestein. That was Jeff Garcia. That's what the clip says. I got a screen. Got a screen. What's right? Why? Some day you drive tap back screen right on one. Hey, man. Wow. Telling you. Was this the guy that's supposed to be doing the car? Yeah, well, yeah. Fang. She was in the woods. Yeah. Maybe she's a die. She's a die. Oh, right. Yeah. That's your old gun. Anyway, maybe she's a die. I'm going to say the fight. He's at that. I'm not speaking. No, man. That's a double arm. Or maybe she's just like seven in a round. Maybe she's just a beard. No. No, but if I ever know from those pictures. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. That was just I can't even get over that. If that wasn't either Richard Simmons or her, her, we firesteam. I have no many flavors in my time. Even freaky Carlos seems rich compared to that. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, I know. Mr. You got more of a mob out there. When you should do the rangers in the next. Marvaltberg has been doing games for about 35 years now. I know that he was great in the 70s when the nicks in the rangers were good. He's still very good. He's great, but he's not a new cover that just came along last year. What's his son's name? What does the NFL, other Albert, offered? Did he have a Steve Albert? No, that's his brother. How about it? No, that's another, I think those two are his brothers. He's got a son at the NFL who's horrible. I don't know. Who the hell happened? Okay, man. I'm kind of psyched. He's got some big branches when I hear him. Come on, you know what his name is? He's talking about the four of us. The four of us is the four of us. He's a terrible, let me hear that. It's like a smart test. It's like a smart test. It sounds like a smart test. The newer reason he's got the job is because he's a smart, Albert's son. Boy, he's bad. I'd love to hear we own more. I just one time would like to hear any of our people criticize. You know, it's like a same Rosen, for example. I like Sammy's a good guy. I've been to the rangers a few years, but he's got that New York, Juilli sound. You know, kind of like mode has the same, the same maneuver, the same maneuver effectation. Which is me, Moe's a bad sportscaster, which he's not, but he's just got that real heavy New York, Jewish sound. And the same with Sam Rosen. I like Sam on a hockey, although John Davidson never let some say anything, but I'm football. I don't, he is just not good, not good. They just got too many games and too few announcers. That's their problem. I mean NFL. And of course too many illiterate ex-docs. So many people like Randy Cross who make me very cross one here anything out of his mouth or people like Chris Collinsworth or of course the anxious Phil Sims. People like that. Here's the fact it's from Vernon. I heard they let the priest go because every time they got in there, he kept taking his robot. That's so weak Vernon. It's so weak. It's weak. It's a heavier boyfriend by the way Vernon. WQAM hello. Any Albert. Kenny Albert. And I'd like him. No, I think he's, I don't like him at all. Don't you agree? Sounds like he's got him off the full of mush. Can you get to the march or something else? Why? Or something else, right? Exactly. Don't forget, Jewish is into building man. Watch it. Thanks a lot. Alright. Kenny Albert, that's the guy. He is horrible. Not just bad. He's terrible. I mean, there's some guys that are just, you know, they're not too great, but they're not terrible. But like Don Cricky, he's okay. He's been around as many years as long in the tooth. But I can handle him doing again. Don Cricky. Who's also done some of those, like ET shows. I forget which one he was on. He was on one of those inside the addition. And one of those 80,000 entertainment shows. In fact, that's where that obnoxious pedal Brian came from. He used to be a sports nerd guy, pedal Brian. You know, the idiot with a mustache that's on, I don't know. I don't know. Is that the one? Oh, there. Yeah. Yeah. You're clown. Silly guy. 560, 560, pound 560 under Verizon, singular wireless one. Well, who do you like Neil? I got the whole list. I can give you. But I'm not going to waste your time with that. Really great broadcast. Isn't, of course, most of you wouldn't know who any more anyway. WQAM, hello. How about Tim Hardaway? Tim Hardaway? Yeah. What's the point to see him out? The least. They just call a commentary on 18 sometimes. Yeah. And he's a great sport. He's a great play by playing out here. Tim Hardaway? Get help, pal. Get to know. Don't spin it. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I remember they were singing that and got probably three and that scene. Yeah. Joey Zazan? Was it in that part of three? Huh? Then that's done. Yeah. Oh, that's right. It was when Sophie was, or giving the check for 80, 20 dollars to Michael from the, What was the name of that foundation? I don't know. And Joey Zazan was there. And it was a good foundation. And it was a dance in the music was going nervous and the door opens and Joey Zazan has hens been there. But he's busy with it. But all of a sudden they stopped and kind of goes, I come on. Yeah. I can't. Yeah. I'm just going to pretend we're not like a peanut or a pants. Joey Zazazan here. Or wherever we're, whichever one of them, good buzz it was. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6. Don't remember that? Yeah. The Phenuity foundation. What the hell is that? Phenuity. Phenuity. Oh, no. It's down Phenuity. They produced you foundation. WQM, line nine. Hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. And maybe a broadcaster? WQ, probably on this station. QM, hello. And now one of the most recognizable voices in South Florida, Tom from Mel. Tom Carvelle. Yes. Did the Carvelle-like theme commercial? Yeah. We'll see you after we won't talk in the bud. It's something you're following other day. Oh, from you. My day, Tom Carvelle. Yeah. Holy, you can also say Colonel Sanders. He had a distinctive voice. Yo. He also sounded like he had a muffler of, um, extra crispy, extra lispy. And a Jeff Carvelle-C was eating extra lispy. The Colonel, one of them I choked on for some of his engines. But I said the Colonel, I also sounded like I'm off for all time. Did he? Of something. Five, six, seven, five, six, now. Let's see if they get that deal straight. Now it managed to. If that's what they're working on, which we can only pre-in hope. Are we going to get like some kind of a special announcement that we're going to do like a little flip flop? Huh? We should play a new sound or everything. We're going to be grab a little waffle, a little flip flop. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on, how does it look like they're on? Probably the DCS. What is that on? Do I have that? New sounder. Yes. Get out of here. You have various new sounders. I don't have no. Huh? I don't have none. Damn. Ooh, that first one I would do. That was the old, uh, play that first one again. You got to be taking both of those. I think that's a good one. I think that was the old ABC new sounder from way, way, way back again. But, yeah, in fact, that was the Howard Cosself Dean speaking of sports. Howard Cosself. Yeah, that was, uh, from his end using him. Okay, that's enough. I wish we all did. I had the old WBZ new thing. That was great. But Gary Loth here. Whatever's there with. See, living in a past when radio was great. Now, of course, we're just hanging on by a thread because radio has been deep balled. It's been just destroyed by handful of companies. How they want to do is just make it into a money machine. And to help with you people off there. No other time. No creative talent. Just discovered, which is why the situation, you know, has developed. I talked about today. What is sportscasters? No difference. How many markets could you go into today and find a JPM McCarthy, a Carl Disuse, a, um, so every market had one. Her Oscar Anderson. Well, we got him. Hello, again. What, which bit is that? Oh, no, you know the one talking about it. Yeah, we're doing the herb Oscar Anderson. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. W2AM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, um, that lady that ran over to two shoppers. Yeah, what's French Canadian? The shopkeeper. The shopkeeper. Oh, man. Okay, so I don't feel too bad. I don't know. No, I don't know. They're Latin Latino, man. Not French Canadian. They're forks, man. I think they'll give her the key to city and imported. I'll even drive you to the local. They're looking at Hispanic names, man. They were frogs. They were, I have to look at the name again. Okay. Yeah, but if she did row over a couple of French names. What did that happen? I said yesterday. Because yesterday it was double point day for French Canadian. I'm going to show her six with Neil Rogers. It's days from the Civil II. I'm five 60, W2AM. I am in court, Lardale. I don't sure go back to Canada to you two. I said, thank you. Oh, damn, show me. I ain't going to work. No. I don't know. I'm all the criminals, very nice and so far. I'm going to party in the money away. You only can shoot more than four. You can take your god and your men. I ain't worth some feeling no more. Well, I was a Christian, soldier of God. Believe her, all the easier. All that time, I've all of everything. Love the scriptures, written backwards. Get your peace, take his power, hold on, and then all the one in a mighty way. Except in 9 or 11, when he must have been gone on above spend all the day. Take your god and shove it. I ain't going to work. No more. Neil, God. Love the scriptures, all right. Get your whispers, everybody else is gone. Time to take the time to watch the people back to the name of the sins of the Lord. I'm wounded. Take your god and shove it. Neil, God. I ain't worth some feeling no more. Take your god and shove it. I ain't worth some feeling no more. I ain't worth some of all Senator Barbara Boxer, California's ribbon kind of leaves in As. On July 30, 2003, you were asked by PBS NewsHourSquare and I felt. If you continue to stand by the claims you made about Saddam's nuclear program, and the days and months leading up to the war, in what appears to be an effort to downplay the nuclear weapon's care tactics you used before the war, your answer was, and I quote, it was a case that Sad he was trying to reconstitute. He's trying to acquire nuclear weapons. Nobody ever said that it was going to be the next year. So that's what you said to the American people on television. Nobody ever said it was going to be the next year. Well, that wasn't true because nine months before you said this to the American people, when had George Bush said, President Bush, at his speech at the Cincinnati Museum Center, if the Iraqi regime is able to reduce fire, steal an amount of highly enriched uranium, a little larger than a single softball, it could have a nuclear weapon in less than a year. So the president tells the people, there could be a weapon. Nine months later, you said no one ever said, he could have a weapon in a year. When, in fact, the president said it, and here's the real kicker. On October 10, 04, on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace three months ago, you were asked about CIA director's tenets remarked that prior to the war, he had, quote, made it clear to the White House, that he thought the nuclear weapons program was much weaker than the program to develop other WMDs. Your response was this. The intelligence assessment was that he was reconstituting his nuclear program. That last on check, he would have a nuclear weapon by the end of the year. So, here you are, contradicting, first contradicting the president and then contradicting yourself. So it's hard to even ask your question about this. If you're on the rest of the day, basically, saying taking two sides of an issue. And this does not serve the American people. If it served your purpose to downplay the threat of nuclear weapons, just as no one said he's going to have it in a year. But then later, when you thought perhaps you were on more solid ground with the American people, because at the time the war was probably popular or more popular, you say, we thought he was going to have a weapon within a year. And this is the question is, this is a pattern here. You bet, she's the best Barbara Boxer. Unlike her soulmate, Dyrde and Feinstein, who was sitting there at the table holding under these abandoned, and square around the formerly ivory boxers. And we also, that you would think of the opposite. America's got collective Alzheimer's. First it was, oh, he was an imminent threat in the mushroom cloud. He had was going to have the bombs and all these weapons to my destruction. And then it was all while he's in bed with Al Qaeda and Osama Yamama. And now all of a sudden out of nowhere coming to back door. Oh, well, we got a spread democracy and have read free of the democratic elections. Face down what? Where did that come from? Where did that come from? Joyce, you know, let her answer it. Oh, good old barbra, so glad that we're not just in the total white wash. Just a total suck of job like Joe Biden and buy and find some of these others have done. Including Kerry. Kerry is scary. You know what? What do they wanted him in there? Which Carl Roe had admitted after the whole thing was over where we wanted John Kerry. We didn't want somebody would pause the big, big mouth that would like to tell us the truth. Like Howard Dean. Man, or maybe we can't Jeff Garcia. He's a screwer. Maybe he could run. Okay. Five six seven, five sixty. You didn't run, but you can't hide Jeff. Town five sixty on a horizon and sing it a rival slides. Don't ever play that drop and again. Green, got a green. What's right? What's right? You guys? Tap back screen right. Almost. So aiming. That sounds like a bit from Quirri spoke or something. I don't even know who this guy is. He's a quarterback. He puts his hand on the guys. And then grabs the ball. Do they smell it afterwards? The ball. Do I need Q AM? Hello. Nice talking to you. Q AM. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. Listen. I didn't call talk about the poll. I'm getting ready to leave South Florida. Thank goodness after graduation. Thank you, sir. Thank you after 34 years. I want to thank you. I've been listening to you and George and listen to the book of book of, of Bokep, of Brian Vitts. For the last 15, and I wanted to thank you so much for entering. And I've chied in my day every day during the week and get to me through the work weekend. It's been a pleasure. And when I come down and visit, I'll be sure and listen to you some more. But thank you for the memories and the good night. Listen online wherever you go. Where you go? Yeah. I'm going to say P. But it's going to be hard to get in to to access in and out when I'm working. But at times, I will Neil. But I wanted to thank you for the bottom of my heart and George too for the hard working guys done for me and for everybody else. Thank you. Good luck, Palicky. Great all right. It's WQAM. Hello. 2 AM. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. WQAM. Yes, sir. How about Johnny Muncht? What about Johnny Muncht? Does he have new comers? Johnny Muncht is dead. Yeah. Well, you were talking about the state of wishes Johnny Muncht and Larry Glick and yeah, yeah. We, we, we, we, we, we've got to fetch this stuff yesterday. No, I did. I was going to talk about that. That's yesterday's news. Stop going back to yesterday's poll. We already did that. Done that. Been there. Been there. Done that. Jesus. What is with these people, man? That's the South Fortamentality. They were perfect. That's what the, all the old Boston people. Johnny Muncht and Larry Glick. We went through all of that stuff, man. Johnny Muncht was great. Larry Glick was great. Carl the Suez was weak. Dave Manner was great. But that's an impasse. Now you're living in a past. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. Get with it. A superstar is Dave O'Brien and Joe Buck. There you go. And Tim Hardaway. Oh, man. How could I forget? Huh? Hardaway left one. That's like, I'm only three. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. Oh, he hit it. I don't mean that was a three. I mean that was from the moon, from the moon, from this restaurant about three blocks from here. Now, I'm not going to say Dave Halberstein was a great basketball. And I'll see who is very good. And he got screwed over badly. Like most of the good guys like Joe Infield did. Now, who does the games on a radio now? And I would be, do we know? I don't know. I don't know. You're not nice and Josh. I'm not asking you. You don't know? Well, and he certainly couldn't be too legendary. I thought we don't even know what his name is. Frank says a thought for today. Scary thought after the enormant W.C. Congress home and declare himself present for live. Okay. Unless that's what they got in mind, man. Make no mistake about it. Say, if they could fight away to call off another election, they would do it. Just put on the put that. If I made me, they'll do that on an auguration day. Even said I have an usual role of this, but a crown, a thorny crown on his head. W.C. Way and hello. Yeah. I'm like, down here. I'm open. Like down here. This is the Bible. Yes, sir. This is the what? Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yes. The oath. Speaking. Yeah. Listen. I want to thank you for bringing up the subject of what's happening with the television broadcasting on football games. Right. They are crashing it. Right. I'm coming less and less of a fan. I sit there with a new spaper. You have the first guy to mention this. None of the sports people have mentioned it. Nobody knows. Because there's this sports fraternity where they're all kiss each others as they're afraid to criticize each other. But the fact is that most of these guys do an NFL on Fox and CBS right now are garbage. Yeah. I got to say, Frank, who are the worst dice for this, believe it or not, is what's his name on Monday night football. What's your name is? You right now. Michael, you got a lot of holes in the, I just drew a blank here. John Madden. Yeah. Madden, right exactly. They have a lot of chatter on. You go back to the game. And the same team doesn't even have the ball anymore. Yeah. Well, I used to like both of them, but the fact is they've got to work with the boy. They both talk too much and Madden is too much with the, he's become a character of himself and a pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. He's completely a kind of guy. I'm going to definitely have to feel right. Yeah. Really. I, I'd like to see you guys. The other people out there start calling in on this and get something going. Yeah. We get something going. What is that man? We're going to get all these people fired. I don't know. I'm a, I'm a, crank up the population here, especially down here. Yeah. Good luck. You, pal. Good luck. Good luck. Good. Good. Good. Have a great day. Yeah. Wake up the South Florida as man. Even the thing with Dave Van Boring is terminal is he is. I mean, how often we ever had to call about that? It's, it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to have a guy's your angel who was associated with the team from the beginning of the franchise who was liked by most people. And yeah, he did some corny things, put it in the wind column. And yeah, he had some, but at least he was distinctive. He was, he was, he was, you know, when you heard the voice, you know, he was your angel. He was the voice of the marlins. And they bring this guy in for Montreal, who used to do the games on the internet because the expose had so few listeners, they couldn't get a, over the year affiliate, he used to do the games on the internet. He's coma inducing. So he's got a bad way going to hot wife. What does that have to do with anything? And nobody wants to talk about it. It's like, oh, oh, you know, like, hand like Joyce might be monitoring. We have to be afraid we're saying something bad about Dave Van Boring. He's terrible. The awful man. Everybody is showing them, just like what's the gacky. Okay. And again, not person like Joe, but his performance is humiliating. I mean, why is everybody so afraid if somebody thinks why can't we say it for crying out loud, huh? Oh, my, oh, my. Exactly. Just screaming and shrinking in the hysteria. Just horrible. Here's a jacking stock. Okay. 5605050. Pound 550. I really think I think he blows. And pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. W. A. Hello. No, that's not got. No, that's not got. W. A. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Rogers. Speaking. How are you doing, sir? Three. I knew I was just on my way to work. And I was listening to your last comment about the condo. He's a right issue. And how are the really pulling the wheel over America's eyes? Yes. And I had, yeah, it was an interesting comment that you made about how we were having with sudden. We went in on the base of the web. W. M. D. Is now all the summer being snow snow ball and to think that it's for, you know, democracy, we're spreading democracy. Man, freedoms on the march. Well, Neil, if you could write the word to me, because I've kind of had that same vision on the house of the record before we want to work because I would give you notice right after we went to rural. The vision was, and I believe the media dealt it at a rocky freedom. Yeah. And so the theory of going to war, you're in half the field based on WM needs on the web of the mass destruction was called first because the media who steps along man, the coconut skirt is, that's why they, whatever the cliche is going to be at the banner, Carl Robe calls up to all the media and they put it right on the bottom of the screen. I think, watch it all day. Yeah, that's a joke, man. I mean, good luck to us, Pally, and I'll see you at the border. Thank God for Barbara Boxerman. She really sizzled her an ass. I was great. You go, girl. It was emotionally. How you go, Barbara? Okay. Where is the rest of the Democrats with some balls? Do you know of any? No. Not a one. A medic. They go into the lobby, some breaking for lunch. But a breaking out of session, it will continue in 90 minutes as he just announced that angry extremes there at the end between Senator Barbara Boxer and Condoliser Rice. So at Barbara Kicker the rest, baby. You were looking to run a Roger's exclusively on 5.6. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. All right. We all came out to ever hear for the California sunshine. pense us It's not a problem, guys. So, come on, Lord Earth. Months line, whips and goes my house on the Mount of Busan, the town. I was thinking of retaining it wide, but it looks better in brown now. I like to win like you over, if there really stops raining hard. Bring your hammer and some nutmeg, we'll build a grip that looks like a knot now. So, we'll build a war. We'll build a war now, we'll build a war. So, we'll build a war. One or two or five, six, if you've ever used your way in. Got mad dog at you, we believe. I already got those problems today. I think we get any bulletins on that, anybody can bring you to see. Oh, we got mad dog signed to deal, huh? No. Oh, you sure? Positive, are you alive? Yeah, a little flip flop, and that line up to do it would be good. I mean, flip flop is not the vocabulary. Just a little one. Right. Put more on two to four and nine to four to seven. Be followed by the ways go to seven ninety seven to ten and night. And then, everybody, you'll be doing overnight. See generally in the business, you start out like doing overnight, and then maybe nights. And then you work your way to the daytime, and maybe, yeah, I can away prime time spot. But his career seems to be going in the wrong direction ever since them engines got him in trouble. 560, 560, pound five, 60, and a Verizon singular, run this line. WQA and hello. There, how's it going? Pretty good, pal. The heat guy is Mike English and he's pathetic. They should bring Dave, have a stand back. Yeah. And why does that not screwed man? Real bad. And you know what I really, you really sucks is, Why do they have this Tony Sarah Jackass on? I mean, he is terrible. It was an open mic on this guy during the NFL games. Tony Sarah Kussely's. Oh my god. I mean, he can't even get the player's name. He called him, uh, or done. He was called Warwick. Warwick done. And he on Warwick done, yeah. Unbelievable. Anyway, what about her two by the way? The end warwick's done. Ever since that, the phone is second network when off he's done. Yeah, she's done. Anyway, it's a evil day down here, but the people are still Jackass. Okay, thanks for the good news, pal. Yeah, it's Tony and 19 below right now. Mine is 19 Celsius. It is freezing. And you know what? Who cares? I got the eat on. Sunny out there. I'll run over to the market. Get some groceries. Come back in and just batten on the hatches. You know what's it? What's it like? Stay with me, ice cream. No. I don't know about that. You're right. I better do that. Maybe it may be just give a couple of like ice cream bars. Roll, roll, not bars, but like corn. Those are those roll cone. See what we like roll out? Like nutty buddies. Ah, that is nutty buddies. That's for like beginners man. It's like child's play. That's craft nutty buddy. I just like say nutty buddy. Yeah, I know. See a little nutty. Actually they call nutty come drumsticks. They're different brands and different things. They're drumstick. Oh, brother. Forget about that craft. I like to kind of step a chocolate in the tip of the cone there. Whatever those are. At the bottom. Like a big chunk of chocolate. That's the roll. Okay. There. Yeah. That's the bottom. Yeah. It's a very bottom. The cone and the roll cone. The cone is my dark chocolate. There is no cone. Oh, okay. You see what I'm saying? Do you ever have one of those? I don't think so. Maybe that's got the ice cream on the top. And the cone is all solid chocolate. This is disgusting. First you start off. Stay away from me. I just need to go to a clock. I'm going to rush you go over there and get a bunch of that crap. I might do. WQAM. Hello. I just like Greg Reed and Prince Harry making out. Oh, it unsurprised me. Birds of a feather. Hang in to the floor of the swastika. Yeah. Who is wearing the swastika? Who is wearing the dress? WQAM. They're the kills. Prince Harry wears the kills. QAM. Hello. Hey, you know what I'm talking about. That accommodators. How about this with shotgun and guns? I interviewed with a boxer with a bad hat though. You mentioned I want to watch and he's watching. Who? He sure is like a good fucker. I've got a box to imagine. He didn't get a new phone. He'd probably back when I could understand your phone. What a bad. What was he going under water? He's come from a fishbowl, I think. Seriously, could you understand what he meant? I heard a bad boxers here. I don't know. WQAM. Hello. Hello. That McDonald's. He's still loving it. What about that? WQ. WQ. Hello. He deserved a break today. Yes, sir. You know, you're a Michael and someone. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, sir. Jamie Presley. I mean, what is with these people? I'm going to pull my vote on for her about 65 times. Yeah. On the thing. And also, this just for, just to force, don't It's not an email with just to force that I'd like to. WQAM. No. No. No. You can kill her. How is bad? That was bad. Through. 560, 560. 560. 560. Maybe he's going to, like, essentially end then probably to some animals. Maybe not go over with the Micah Sufis. I think that's what was. Wasn't that I think it was? Wasn't it? Because it's so cute. I don't know. He's always got all these different scams going on the side. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's the most about these NFL comments? There's the ones with the Ego's getting away. Were they happy? Ironman. Or were like, so, you know, Simpsa. He has an Ironman award? Yeah. Every year he has the Ironman award. My John Madden has the. Oh, man. Man. Benoondat for a long time, man. Oh, true. I mean, he's talking about a legend in his own mind. He's just, everybody, he wants to win if he'll just despises him. And how does he get to call all the Patriotians? He's like every time he turn on a Patriot's game. He's calling the game. Because they know I'm watching. They do it just to piss me off. That's all I got, Neil. Good luck to his belly. All right. They do all the make people stay home. Run for fun, throw the down. You don't try to do anything different. You do what? You do what's got to be there. We have to actually be at us, which is the, you know, we were. We were in this space. Why did it look at the ball down? Can he stay for a baby? We were seeing that we were on the time of field before we looked at the front. We were friends. He's coming down. I'm wanting to prove themselves once and for all. Baltimore was eager to face the defending jobs. I grew up with the Raiders. I mean, I was playing my friends. I still live in Oakland. It was the first time that we had played them. Since I was a human-chester. Let's see. What game is this? This is a 77. The, actually, it was the Los Angeles Raiders that year. LA Raiders in Baltimore, Colts. Probably not a hear the whole thing. When you think we'd be good idea. Play it. If that or Jeff Garcia, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the under. How did this go? Get out of here. Now, let's see. Let's look at the last two teams you played for. Did any play for the 49ers before you played for the Browns? Yes. Now, those are the two worst teams in the league. Probably just a coincidence. WCWAM, hello. Yes, sir. Regarding the commentary thing. Yes. The comments are about far. There'll be more. Chris Perman, you've got to be the best right now, at least. But they don't have to play by play. We're talking about play by play. Oh, okay. But, you know what the boomer. What's the big deal with the boomer? He does the right thing for me. He's not better than everybody else. Everybody's hard. Chris Perman. If you want to talk about studio guys, you know, those guys. Chris Perman's great. Yeah, he is. And Chris, Colts, we're going to be the worst one out there. Just have no access, man. Yeah, I thought we could put a shovel right down there. I don't know. I don't know if I can tell you. I don't want to get through my. Okay. I hope he alokes with Phil. If I get our C. If Phil Simming, Chris Colts, we're going to three that will be, huh? Just all the three of me look to a desert island and get lost there. How many QA and hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Now, your pull of the work is more of Albert. And that last call I was talking about the boxing. You was talking about Larry Merchant from make you. Yeah. He's lucky. Okay. I've been answering the good news. 560 Larry Merchant, Suxy said, pound 560 on a Verizon and singular web as lines. WQAM. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. QAM. Hola. Neil. Yes, sir. All right. WQAM. Yeah. They're at a Greg Gumball. I'll do the jump. And Greg Gumball has been a relegated. He's studio now. Please, he's starting to move toward the door, which is good. Now, that should prove my point to you, man. Greg Gumball. You was there. Lee guy. He was the number one guy on CBS until he finally wiped out the swaps of my wood gym. And what does that tell you about? They're makes my point. They don't have anybody any good. No, they don't. I'll give one. I need to. How come I put that kind of hole? Well, it wasn't that good a little call. Yeah. How come I can't get rid of it now? There it is. 560, pound 560 in a bar. May I have a bit of one from a little of an. I put him on a hole from Mo. Hey, check your email during the break. Why? I pulled her to the wall. I'm going to show you the video clip. The same person that sent the Jeff Garcia clip. Yeah. That's about Jeff Garcia and Carvel. The whole family. I don't have time to do it during the break. Don't you understand? Look at that log, man. Oh, that's right. It's spot free radio. QAM Hello. With a bad hum on your phone. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Yeah sir. Yeah. Good afternoon. Speaking. Yeah. How are you? Okay. How about the guys on those that play by play for the soccer game? What are the things that I go to? What are you going to do? What we're talking about. They get out of here with his crap man. Some of you people do the same neurotic repetition. On race, kind of go. What is it? What's up? Get out of here. I don't want to hear it. There's nothing new over time. On race, kind of man. He's good though. It's good point. We were talking before about all sports. Guys, right? But we've been concentrating on the NFL. Why? There are no good NFL announces. Well, of course. Of course. Without exception. I'm sure he ain't thick stock enough. I'll tell you that man. That guy is so bland and so boring and so colorless. He's just he's like tapioca putting man. And no kidding is because I know what to be sponsored. He's thick stocked in his high respected. He's been doing CBS for a city. Oh, so big deal. So is that what's his name? Kenny Albert there with a machine is mouth. They just don't have anybody. They bring out all these all hacks that have been hanging around and hanging around. Jesus. Twelve of the same. Did I mention the fact what? What? What came to bread mouse burger do? Well, they totally missed the play. They missed the- I told you that. Did I? When the ball hit the ground about stuff in the receivers hands, I figured which bulldozer. And they missed it. And they play what right on in the official's blue it. And they're like talking about by talking crap. They're too much talking crap and not paying attention to the game. That's what bugs me. They don't listen. What do you think? Somebody talk crap. Two of this show. That's what we do every day. We talk crap for four hours. We don't get paid to a broadcast some event. You know, like some sporting event. We get paid to talk crap. Cock huh. Right. That's a special demand. Hey, we solve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800 mattress Right now. Nothing's got a big impact on your daily health well being in productivity in a good night's sleep. And you can guarantee yourself one night and for years to come, if you call dial a mattress right now at 1-800 mattress, they'll be knocking at you door no time at all. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's getting saggy or lumpy in the mattress too, then it's time for a brand new one. Two of them are complete line of silly and surd a Simmons King Quill. Tempered experience in Venice, Foster. Who I do like the Venice Foster a lot. Now, on mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kittles Stewart Palm Beach to Fort Myers and like I've been telling you for years and years, you still take the day into our delivery window. You want to mattress delivered. And there might be probably delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time. Now, on mattress, even one day, 2,000 and 4 better business bureau local church award for excellence and believe you me, using once and you realize why I've taken it to easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. So, forget about wasting your time, gas and effort and you're betting in the department stores and all that cash to make the one easy call and that's all you have to do. 1-800 mattress or log on to their website, mattress.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. You're listening to me or Roger. You're on campus, go look for the number of 566-B. My Q-A-M. Let's get our call. W-U-A-N. What? The Miami Dolphins are going to the Super Bowl. You're welcome Miami Dolphins Super Bowl, half-time show. The Miami Dolphins Super Bowl has died, show. But if you've been watching men and hikes is exciting, wait till you see them in tights and puffs. Then I'm not being going to play in football. A day short day. The Miami Dolphins Super Bowl, half-time show. Beachy-Ring, enjoy feeling. Cool experiences, breath, such a view. A-Ring, enjoy. And the olimba, Marie, high kick dancers. With the Miami Dolphins' dazzle-U, with all their sparkling South Beach glamour. Oh, yes. Oh, this. The funniest football team since the movie does. With the Miami Dolphins Super Bowl, half-time show. They play like men and they look like women. I'm just thinking if the dolphins could make a deal and get joker or see it for quarterback. I guarantee you they'd pack them in. Oh, one, set one, 18, and five. You see, W-C-Mut-C, who's winning our poll, is there any doubt man? Lovely Carmelo. She is unbeatable. Unknapsable. Carmelo, the Caesar. The Caesar. The Caesar. The Caesar. The Caesar. Carmelo, the Caesar. 177. Howly, very 26. I mean, that's a landslide. And to lead in July, 25. Carmelo, 24. And a corner-hoy to 21. Alicim, Alano, 19. Charlize, the wrong 17. Elm, 1st, and 14. Sophia, for Garra, 11. Barbie Benton's got 10. Everybody else in single digits, including Jamie Presley, that the guy was foaming at the month of only six. Only six, Pally. You better get to work on it. 5. Six. What? Five, 6. 7.0. 5. 60. On the Verizon and Siggular Wireless Line. WQA and Hello. WQA and Hello. 25. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil, you are a genius man. Let me tell you something. Oh, sir. American eats more. You know, good voice besides yours would be, I would say, Marty Rettman from the Sitzley, right? But he's been there for 85 years. Yeah. He's been there, I guess, about 35 years now. Sure. That's the kind of, I'm talking about. He's legendary that there just aren't been in his son Tom Redmond's pretty mediocre. We did a couple of little bit and now he's doing some other crap. He's a week. He's covered the joke about Joe Buck's clothes. And I see, what is all the big deal? Why are all these people so impressed with your book? Is it because everybody else is so bad? I think it's just painful, you know? That must be it. Absolutely. Listen, you're the greatest. Okay, thanks a lot. I don't know. Joe Buck is very mediocre, but he's just, he's just a voice. He has no distinguishing calls or just nothing. He's just, you know, he's like, he's like, a 60. There's nothing special there. There's nothing distinctive that you give me about him. Like, you're like his father, Jack Buck. You can forget about anything else. Just the gruff voice. Like that. It was great. Just a distinctive gruff voice when you heard the voice, you know, immediately it was Jack Buck. You heard Joe Buck's voice. It could be Joe Buck or could be Dave, Dave, what's his name? Well, Brian, it could be like any one of these, when you got the baseball package man, and you flip from one channel to another, then you realize it. It's always lost. There is a guy who does the Cleveland Indian games. His name is John. Oh, man, I wish I could think of his name. This guy makes David Van Boerings sound like a Mexican jumping bean and heat. That's how Coleman and Lucy, we guys. This is the Indian. John Sims Simpson, whatever his name is. He is brutal, brutal. And he's doing major league baseball. Ralph Kinerie, how many years after he did this, had this stroke was he still on the meds game drop? Little bit little hurt, little hurt, little hurt, little hurt, little hurt, little hurt. And I came and speak at all. He had a bad, the bullet hitting stroke and he's still put him on it. Like a sympathy vote in the number one market in the country. I didn't like that. Does anybody have any idea what I'm talking about? No. Good. That's why I like it. WQA, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Michael, song. WQA, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I was just wondering, is there anywhere to get like your noises? Like, I'm like a sound maker or something like that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no chance. Here's one for you, though. Another one. And we got a whole bunch of others. We can't play anymore, especially with you, isn't it building? WQA, hello. My and Kofa. WQA, hello. My and Kofa. My and Kofa is, uh, old news. QA, hello. Neil. Yeah. I got to try it. The all time worse guy doing sports is damn weird or I don't know if anybody mentioned it, but I swear to you, I want sort of talking about the sea was entitled and going to the hot tub after the game. I'm honest, check that Carmella. I saw on your website. I know I, I, y'all would earn or Google whatever. She's never worse. Well, you certainly pray that she's ever, man. Yeah. You guys are looking for that. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60, I don't even rise in singular wireless line. Some of our, some of these people come a little bit unglue today. Maybe I'm wrong, but no, well, well, well, that's not the QA. Come and hello. Hey, the difference I built. Okay. But I got two guys, they're absolutely terminals. Very merchant and cheap and way up late. Oh, Jim Lampley, he still makes talk a big fat one. They would maybe see right. Oh, God, again and again and again and again. Yeah, again and again is right. And once I like, but I don't think it qualifies that. I do like about again, if 15 yards when Cory Dillon's carrying the ball. Yes. It comes out and I wouldn't really qualify to track it up. I love you. Okay, see you. WQM, hello. Yeah, how about Brent, double cheese burger? Brent, mouse burger? Yeah. How about him? Now, why? And people are just calling it with names now. I don't know what they do. They don't know what the poll is. We're not doing a poll. We're doing a poll about hot faves from our website. Is what the poll is. They don't just call it a give us a name. Okay, somebody can if it was sport. So I was broadcaster, water boy, tall boy, somebody who might be. BOOINGING! Let's see, here's obsidian who says. Carmella has a very pretty face. And if you're a bit, the boogah like George. And yes, George, someone can get past boobs and know that the best parts of the best parts of the world. And I guess he's great. Oh, get out of here obsidian. Whether you're obsidian is common. So if you go back to India, where would it go? From what? Oh, my God. And that's what it is. And Charlie's the wrong one. You might have a fine. Probably it has a not Carmella. She is impeccable man. But it's spotless. It's just a pretty clean. Because he's confused. I like boobs. Period. What difference is it made? Coming from a head to toe man. She's pristine. But right away, this guy got a fat, that's bad. But we're going to start bad, Malvin. Carmella. I think that's good, but shape is much more important. 560, 560, and Verizon, sing it around us. How about Alice Carrus? Huh? What a good look like. There isn't any. Oh, he had big boobs. Yeah, believe me. Wait about 250 pounds. WQAM, hello. What's up, new? I got a good poke question for you man. Yeah. Was the best, uh, clutch quarterback in the playoffs. And all time. Yeah, talk to one of the sports shows about that. Got a good pull question for me. Well, what is this string into a sports show that? How did this start? Who's responsible for this? I think Josh is responsible for this. Let's blame him. No. Yeah. How do we end this? Your Phil Sims talk. No, no, no, no, no. I had nothing to do with before Phil Sims. I'll fix it. Well, something about you craving about how great your buck was. And no damn well, let's start it. Yeah. What about? You said he's almost as good as Dave Van Booyen, but not quite. WQAM, hello. Jim Wampley's wife has robster claws for hand. Yeah, we all ran over. Okay, old news. So he's got lots of robs. They're going to beat their flip or fit. And I knew that that's in very poor taste. Oh, it's true. What is your name, by the way, forgotten? Three. Three. I didn't ask you about cheese. I said, what's your name? Yeah. Three. I know. I still do it. It's by the flip or f***. How many QAM? Hello. One guy I've pursued like myself with a chick current. Two crew members. Great. But he's another one of his legendary guys. Yeah. That's going to be a lot of trouble. Yeah, let's go on till about 3.30. What do you say? Just on a spite. How much his mad dog wouldn't mind? The way things are going all the way in. They might be, I'm going to have to listen a little bit. There may be ironing out the wrinkles. I've there come back from over there at the market. Find 40 or 50 of those rollov things. Rollo cones. You had to start, man. I was doing just fine. I had it was far from my mind, you know. And he had to start with that ice cream crack. I'll do it. WQAM, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Chris Schenkel. What about him? What about him? What about him? Chris Schenkel. I know Chris Schenkel. He did the Giants Games. I would have mentioned that before. And some more audios. You know, the Stink of the Voice and Kurt Gaudy. I'm a little bit. Yeah, I'm a Kurt Gaudy's overrated. And I was a big Kurt Gaudy fan. Chris Schenkel. The Great Lions. Chris Schenkel. The Giants were playing the Red Skins. 1956. And Chris Schenkel, of course, the games back in the day. And everything was well still live. And one of the Giants. I wonder whether it was Frank Gefer. One of the running backs made a great move. And he said, Chris Schenkel, like Breathlessly says at the end of the play, he picked him out of his jockstrap. And then, of course, back in that day. 56. You couldn't say, Giants. Then he said, he picked him out of his shoes. And as if by saying shoes, we would forget the fact he just said, John Strap. You know what I mean? Didn't work Chris. Remembered it. And by the way, that's what they shipped him off to do bowling. Chris Schenkel. What do I have in my good friend, Gary Sibela. What if he's still doing the bowling on TV? Good guy. Gary Sibela. Or he should have got a lot of action. 27 after one at 5. 60 WCM to dear less than 50 grand last year. If the answer is yes, it's time for a career change. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-6. Fast train. Fast train can have you trained ready for your new high-pain career in as little as four short months if you can cut that high. Fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you like computers, if you ever thought about becoming a computer, network professional, call fast train toll free, 1-8-6-6 fast train when you copy sure and tell them that Todd Brecht told you to call. They will pee in their pants laughing. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. Fast train can have you trained ready for that new career in no time. Like I think I just said in just four months, fast train's got locations over town. You'll find a location in Campbell. They're in Miami. Pembroke Pines in Fort Lauderdale. Fast train offers job placement and financial aid for people who qualify as well. Don't forget, this is the way for you to get out of your dead end job and serve in some serious cash. Get you some training and a real job that goes along afterward. They evening week in classes are forming a fast train right now. So call them toll free, 1-8-6-6 fast train. Fast train. Fast train. Fast train. Fast train. Hey Goldberg. Thanks Goldberg. Thanks Seven-A-10. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. One-A-City. For free you'll find 60-70 kilo Miami Court lottery! Besides the former Soviet Union comes a new man's salon that changes the face of sense you are living. Why is it? It is a fragrance. So othering it will make you sick with desire. Why is it? Splash sell on your face and feel the passionate bird that only plays in can brain. Why is it? Poison. The new colored from the Ukrainian government. Try some for yourself and you never look this same like it. Why is it? I'll be available at a Sessionation Target store. I'm 31 29 till 2 a QM. I guess we got the mad dog at 2. Oh right. By default because you know that's why we still working it out. Not a good deal man. Not a good situation. Have people who are disgruntled who are at odds with the company who are like you know being corded by the opposition. Not a good deal to be even the hang like that. When it's out don't hang it out. And then we got most speaking about a good deal for the 7 which is not what they wanted you know. You'll be 7 at 10 tonight. All of you stay. Oh good. I don't know what anybody should want any kids in a clock. That's our line up today. We got it like right down there when she Frederick Bush is drawing heat over a 40 million dollars square general rule balls. Concerts in candlelight dinners while the country's in a somber mood because of the war in Iraq and the Asian tsunami. As both prepares for a second to have inauguration Thursday his supporters plan to celebrate with fireworks and three days of parties including a black tie in boots ball and nine other balls. Critics say the live accelerations are on scenely when US troops face daily violence in Iraq and Americans have been urged to donate money to alleviate the suffering and age where the December 26 tsunami 60s 3000 people so far. I just think that the sobriety of the time dictates that we be mindful of the image with these things said democratic representative Anthony weenor of New York. I wonder if he's kind of like John weiner to God's. How many did they be? And a letter weiner urged Bush to ask voters a lot of weenors out there. And letter weiner asked Bush and asked donors to redirect their inaugural contributions to equipment for troops in Iraq. Some of whom I've complained of having this scrounge for scrap metal of protective vehicles. Presidents suggest that inaugural festivities should be muted if not canceled in wartime weiner wrote to Bush saying that the money could be paper 690 humbese and a $250 bonus for each soldier serving in Iraq. Weiner said that the example of President Roosevelt was celebrated his trim down 1945 in our growled with cold chicken salad and pound cake. Bush said he rejected such criticism. It's important that we celebrate a peaceful transfer of power. You can be equally concerned about our troops and rackinos with suffered at the tsunami with celebrating democracy, Bush said in a pile of crap released to CBS on Monday. We're great right over the hour. We have to have his coronation baby, not an inauguration, a coronation for the king and a queen gay. Yeah, gift her a sea of all of those. 560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular rattle slimes are pulled in a worse sportscaster of all time. And we're going to get that come from the get so sidetracked see we got the other pull us got all the names of this is what frustrates them now. The other the hot babe pulls that 8 million names on it. We don't need any more names because even if they gave it we're not going to put them on her anyway. And that's it. So now they have to start their own with the name giving because that's that's a little bit of most of these people's capacity when to make a call. Am I right? Yeah, well, a name or two names for a list. And that's it. That's another reason why software such as CESPool. WQAM hello. I haven't been listening all day, but I had a couple questions. First that Homer Simpson saying, uh, bar rate what do you think? What is that Homer Simpson saying? Right. You know that little drop you guys play. Oh, I know what you're talking about. What is that one say? Flaming. No, you're talking about. Okay, okay. Fine. Famine like you've got a sea of flaming mind. Yeah. And obviously, how are you going to come back? Paul, right? On the pull for one. The words. Sports captain. We're not taking a pull for worse sports. You know how we're doing. You're going to work. Yeah, we didn't think we were, but I guess we are. Like I said, we'll put it down. Thanks, Kyle. Yeah, I'm going to have a day with worse. Yeah, we're taking a pull for the worse. We're going to have no idea where this pull came from. It's just like a period like, uh, yeah, look at that. There's a pull. Grab it. Yeah. Pulled it out of your pocket. WQAM hello. It's a pocket pull. WQAM. Yes, sir. If I hear George W., talk about freedoms of democracy, I swear I'm just going to drive off the freaking bridge. Yeah, but you made it ready, man. You guys. It just drives me nuts. Never we, we, uh, oh, please. You're over throw. I think he's out of March. We over threw the, um, cab as for one day. And he was freely elected by his own youth by the people. Yeah. And George, up you said, what? Doesn't matter what the people and, um, tell them, you know, Ben and Real. It's way way way way way way way. You know, we have our right or whatever. A lot of. But, uh, our right or whatever. But it's not like some of our other political reasons. It just makes me sick. That seemed like a topic made me sick of that. Things, things don't let me do. Like a private place that stuck. If it runs all the way down. That stuff. sadness. And nobody  to seek this in again, or the city of Birmingham, opta, and easily send on BH. And this is never fixed again. Nobody move against us. But, if the people keep coming off that n actual. That something so input by BH where you look one you buy a house. That's right. Then we put these up to your bh. That's right. There. to provide them a ticket or write us lines. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm trying to get into touch with Neil. Speaking. Oh, Neil. Yep. A couple of days I changed his subject for a minute. Yeah, Ryan, please. Yeah. A couple of days ago, you brought up about sunny in the godfather. Right. Right. And you said there was a few days on the 70-9-3-4-0. The 70-9-3-4-0. The 70-9-3-4-0. The 70-9-3-4-0. Yeah. Right. Was that the one at the place for stake? Bobo lounge. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow. I don't get how many days ago get any what great ball boom bars come out of the one more. They shot sunny on the causeway. He's dead. Now, one of who was doing a play by a play in that game. I never thought was it red barber. Remember the toe taker was listening to a ball to a baseball game on the radio, and on the toe booth? My brain filters all that out. Yeah. You wouldn't recognize it anyway. You know, I wouldn't know. Red barber from Bobo in the corner barber shop. But I would have on the, by the sub center. That barber shop. That would have. Bob and coral spring says the number of broadcasts got less than number of sports teams has watered down the quality of sports and out. So he just shot his et cetera. Excellent point. When I was a kid in 1952, he was born. One never station broadcast the NFL. New York morning had the Yankees and Mets and Baseball. Only Rangers next. So the talent spots were limited and only the best had a shot. Today the proliferation of cable network AMF. And all the teams has undermined the quality of the broadcasts and the playing talent. Bob, that's one of the great factors I've ever received in my life. And you are. That's the right. Right. When it doubt water or down, and that's what they've done. That's why the quality got some of these little girls teams playing now. These silly ass little girls teams. Like they're Vikings. What's that where they do it in a playoff anyway? I mean, you talk about bad coaching. I mean, what kind of good coaching is it when you practice a trick play all week long? And then you play in the game. And then you play in the game. And you got too many men on the field. That's good coaching in it. Kind of humorous though. I thought it was pathetic. Well, you want to see the Eagles win? No. The Eagles are going to fold up like an accordion. You're going to see the real Eagles this weekend. And Atlanta's going to kick their ass man. Take it to the bank. And I hope. And I'm not going to like talk real big and lot of them. Just like the thing, the 19th year was real nervous about the cold. So that's because you had me all concerned. Man, you were buying a hype. You were buying it. You were selling it. You were buying it. And you were pedaling it, man. You had me pee in my pants. And even in half time when it was 6 to 3, I'm thinking, oh, who the hell knows what evil works. But you could see man. Once it got to be 13 to 3 game over. This was one of those deals where it got to be the last 4 or 5 minutes in the Patriots Cling and desperately hanging out of the lead. Remember I told you about that problem. You had the dolphin game. And they know over till it's over. All this time it was over. Thank God. And a stealer game who to hell knows. I just think of Patriots. You're going to be in a super bowl again. It's just my personal feeling. And a majority of the people on the sports illustrated said, so to. So let's just forget the game Sunday and go to the Super Bowl. What do you say? Huh? Because some guys might get hurt. You know stuff like that. Let's just buy pasties NFL NFC and the Fc championship games and go right to the Super Bowl. Sounds good. The main man Anthony Kelly and what acceptance capital mortgages is it's time for New Year's resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards. Lower your debt, cut your mortgage payments, pull out cash, investing in real estate here at the top of a lot of people's list. Soundforce is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. You can see that. There's a splash on the opposite side of the fight. Give it a thanks. You can see that. Bye. We're going toll performance show. At the top of that, we're having some time here tonight. Look, we can see that. We just analyzed a cify Amputen lake. We have somebody behind this. Both of us, there's something like a lake clear water. Lema, ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent repositories, now you can end the pain in the history of hemorrhaggle to see you just with my picture of a box of repositories and the applicator tube, another fine product from OI-B, the obesity and broadcasting report. 1, 4, 3, and 5. I think what happened with this thing, okay, and that is that I was challenging Josh, to be the name of some any sport, a sportscaster who came along last one years and was really outstanding and would be like a legendary for all time. He couldn't do it. The audience could do it either, so it transferred from that into two other things. Just naming some legendary sportscaster from 100 years ago like Chris Shankler, Marty Breneman, or Chick-Hurne, or Woody Haydn. That's where we've gone, we've been let us stray. Don't you think? Yes. We've been let down the garden pad. I mean, after we care because it's killed some fantastic time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the pound 5, 6, the end of rising and sinking the red of sign. Not even a pool today. Just our task for you, and you call it just name some sports guy. That's all. Just name a sports guy. Can be like a broadcaster, water boy, can be. Oh, we know who that'll be. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, that guy out of few calls and goes talking about causeway hits, man. Yeah. I think he was on to something. Back in the 70s, there was a place for a stag, there was a guy standing here. It's done down. Yeah. What about the forge? Yeah, the forge, too. Right. Can't be no hit. Right. What are my last key, Sun gets your off there, or somebody in the landscape family? Now I'm not sure of that. I know there were a couple of guys who were made guys who were outside again. Be no family, they paid heavily. Right. 69, 77, New Orleans. That's the cost of war. Great, good. Great to be involved. SCA to go out of the get-ins. Leak through a shed to the end. Hold on. I've got a piece. Raise your head on the wall. Great. Break the sack of pots. Pick that by Adam. Now who does that sound like? It's your huge ad. I don't know who does that sound like. I'm going to go to the right. So both went down. I'm going to go to the right. Just go to my head again. Here's a little clue for you. Okay. You don't think he sounds like Mo. Sam Rosen played again. That's clear by Anderson. That's not the second. Right. So pretty. It's good along. Now that's. That's. You're out of here. He's got that same New York Jewish Affitation. Okay. I think Sam Rosen and although Mo doesn't have the nose, it's Sam's got. Sam got a shnod like from a kid who, uh, Montana. He mungus. Good guy though. Anyway, five six seven. Five six. We're talking about sportscasters and, uh, kind of Russell shows from the past. With your close personal friend, I probably shouldn't say that. You know, I think we got him to the whole neighborhood. Oh, God. Maybe he's on vacation or something. Maybe he went with Stevie Tyler on permanent vacation. We can only hope. WCWM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I went to Jeff Gordon. I got saw a hornfic. What he was Murphy. Hello. WCWM. QAM. Hello. Wow. These are good. QAM. Yeah. You've got the best horn. Yeah. So the gacky. Yeah. Okay. WCWM. Yes. That's not what happened those days. Which is called N. It's not a lot. WCWM. WCWM. Hello. I think it's a little too soon for tsunami jokes. No, I think it's just right. WQM. Hello. Jimmy or Danny? Jimmy or Danny are both good. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. Jim Dan. I don't feel what's the game. The match was over here and they haven't got this five to ten minutes lengthy just boring die time. I've never watched call man. I mean, I would have to be dead. Jim Dan says this terrible five to ten minutes. Talk about the flowers in the fairway. Really? I think he's going to see what I'm hearing about that. What may be this car that way? Say, and I'll let me ask you, you say Jim Dan's, which I know who Jim Dan says, of course. I'll tell you all these pick-up games. But remember the running back for the old Boston Patriots, big black running back Jim Dan's? Yes. Do you recognize that interesting? But the younger Jim Dan spoke of that. Exactly. Younger and lighter complexed. There you go. Five six seven. I bet you don't remember the old Jim Dan's. Do you guys to Boston Patriots? No. Sir. Geocapaletti? No. WDQAM. Hello. Hi, Steve Growman? Yes, sir. Gary Thorne, yes, Steve. Gary Thorne 1. Just a guy. He's his force guy, yeah. Yeah, he's great, isn't he? He's good. All right. That's what I'm going to create. I think we got a new format. Let's hear it. Just start. Just call up and say names, okay? Just name. It may have Martha Ray, you know, or we'll run back. Right, not bad. Come on, Josh. Name somebody. Roger Worsky. Mark Simpson. Oh, it doesn't have to be a real person. No, just somebody. Jesus. Great name. There's another one that could be a real person. Maybe not. Who the hell knows? WQAM. Hello. When's Steve on next Monday on another station, pal? Seven to ten. Get over there real fast. Warm up your radio. WQAM. Yes, I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, Neil. I'm sorry. I didn't think I'd get on that path. That's one of those things. Pot luck. What about the ESPN crew on Sunday night, Mike Patrick? Weak. Weak. You like my, you think my Patrick's good? He had some excitement to the game, at least. He's not boring. Now, let's see. Fiseman is on there and who else is on is a, is a deer dog or is it Paul Aguera? Paul Aguera. Paul Aguera. At least there's some danger between them. Yeah. And I think that's a really bad telecast. I think it's okay. It's, first of all, it's compared to a lot of the others. I, I just like it better than Monday night. But Mike Patrick, well, see Monday night used to be good, but the two of them now Michaels and Madden have become so legendary in their own minds that it's not, and I was just, it's basically more about them than it is the game. And as soon as it starts getting mad, I can live without them, you know? Okay. That's what I'm doing for the game, not for the announces. All right. Take care, Mike. See you. Take care, Mike. Now, let's say, I mean, back in a hairy carried days, I would tune in for the announces, but it takes somebody really extraordinary. Somebody really spectacularly gets you tune in for the game. You know, like I'm like lying or a bob prince. Somebody who's like legendary, say, or afraid to sick or a joe boon. That's, that's somebody legendary, man. That's a great sportscaster. Of course, I know that thousands of people tune in the Marlin games right on a station for Dave Ann Boring. Now, let me tell you right now. Okay. If you have one, do anything positive for your franchise for your Marlins Josh. You should like, put the word out right now. Get the booster on there is the main man. We got Anthony Callander was the main man on that other deal on the loans. We got to get the main man to booster on those games, right? In fact, let's get him on the TV broadcast. Now that Len Casper is going to Chicago, right? Right? So you won't have any conflict with your partner, your sidekick there, right? That will be great for him. Wouldn't that be nice to have Boon TV? Because Boon may be one of the greats one. But he'll never get an opportunity and let's say, he gets a full-time gig and gets to be the main man. Not some backup there, but got it to a coma. Get him on the TV, the booster. Of course, he'll have to. He'll have to. He'll have to. If it's good enough for David Tarruso, it's good enough for the booster. I think he was already on a diet. Oh, he died of hair. I see. I'm dying on the hair. 151 at 5. 60. I don't have any idea what they show us about all today. And I'm really enjoying it a lot. It's been like a blur. And he has. Of course, that's because the pool and you can't build our pool because we got it built for him. I just like the pyramids. We didn't have to work on that because the Egyptians are ready to beat us to it. They built it. Built in they will come. Carmelo of the Caesar, ditches out. 195 votes, the hottest babe from our B.D. curtain of all time. Angelina Jolie's in 2nd 29, Halle Berry 28. And a corner of who had you 25. Carmelo of the 24. I listen a lot of 22. Charlie's still on 21. Elmer 1st and 15. Sophia Vergara 11. Barbie Benton 11. Tonya Harding. Tonya Harding. Oh, my God. He's got 10. And Sophia Lorenz. Everybody else single digit. How could Tonya Harding have 10 votes? Hey. Hey, what? Hey, look at him. Oh, my God. That's enough to make me want to just give up. You know, just throw my hands up and he didn't give up. That's enough to make me want to just give up. You know, just throw my hands up and he didn't give up. That's a good choice makes us feel like we want to give up. 152 at 5. 60 W. I tell you what they don't give up on your feet because you're feeling one of the most important parts of your body. When they start giving up, you're like, Chris and around and you got your walker and your cane and then you're in the wheelchair. Take the carry your tutsies. And one way to do that is make sure you get a perfect fit with your shoes every time. And the most unbeatable deals always wait and feel at brandy shoes and copper. Top quality names for men and women. The best in business. You get a perfect fit because the people are who work at brandies. Make sure that every time they give you unbeatable prices to what accommodation. They got rock ports, floor shone, S.A.S. Spury, Timberland naturalizer, all the other top names in the shoe business. Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Monday through Saturday and Sunday send the five. And Brandy's is still going strong and at say great location. They've been going for years and years. 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pauvato Beach. And this week is especially great time to buy rock port shoes at brandies because this week take 20% off on all great men's and women's rock port styles. So be sure to get your ass into brandies this week or do your shopping on the web at brandiesshoes.com. You're listening to Neil Rajasix exclusive rate on the five six. We're all done. Holy Macanot, this is Joe Born the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Gaugh. Oh, yet northern, rown and neither Ukraine. five pigs in sleep, we'll Experts. Welcome. Welcome whose soils we play and joyfully we sing. It's making us drink our garden too And that holds our whole city What does the dream harmed? proprio carefree Why do women care? One fifty six and five sixty nobody can't my guess since we don't have any new lineup we have any facts as many like instant memos or call us from during the break another that so I'm assuming it's like maddall two to four and more day for the seven is that correct I would assume yeah you see what this world's down to today and uh... it could have been any topic that's a sports cases like sitcoms uh... tv news people uh... you see what i'm saying take a look now that rather is being forced into early retirement on CBS look at that array of grotesque names i had yesterday and that story about who they're going to replace him with i mean what kady kirk is starting to sound thoroughly attracted compared to the others what is that can you as opposed to like a chat about the or david grant me a four-water crime type or any of these other people right will be dead not that seriously the media that is whatever america that that's basically media that is the name of the game me the over in addition which you'll work is higher ratings in the west and hockey when they're playing hockey which are not now of course uh... is uh... that's a lot of people can make a little of those poker journalists that's you you're big now let me ask you this why would you want to sit around watching somebody else play cards i don't want to watch other people play games of any right and playing cards even even watching golf would be citrating compared to that so they like celebrity monopoly celebrity part cheesy but soon all the same thing so lebony checkers on fox uh... they have celebrity poker now i think that i guess what i just said if they had women like you have a crazy man people are watching that wrestling holy crap man or said talk about desperate so just generally the level of everything court politicians look what we got now my mom top had rose of a local we got rose of up and then social screen this guy trying to destroy so it's just a one of the things you know it's not it's such a decay you don't have to be ancient understand what i'm talking about even a like middle uh... middle in kind of like George he knows what i'm talking about what back in the day now back in the day like like like the last of the songs how many of those tv things we've played a couple of days ago how many of those were from court shows not a lot how many current shows in last eight ten years on tv have got memorable themes that will be remembered for all time you know you got like uh... friends okay it's not a good one but at least a people remember it right right but how many couple couple wow media ochre baby that's where we're going that's bad the celebration of media equity it's like you watch a baseball game and a guy grounds into a double play and the runner from second goes to third and a guy goes back in and they're fisting they're doing a fist in routine and before what what's the celebration the guy just killing you see what i'm saying what he says it's crap it's it's pure undulbed of craft and i say craft all sitting in its craft CR ap crap hola is the name of the game strive for excellence on you punks out there not for media equity as media ochre what what's that's what was that song as nasty as dirty as they want to be the looser candlestick those are the other little whatever right and now it's like uh... as media ochre is they want to be that's where it's pretty sad anyway that's the good of our poll result today was uh... gymos had 82 and mo ahead 14 bye bye