Alright, Jesus, almost a minute car. We have almost that time. Gellie for the mad dog at 4-deception. Oh. And then I find out that most people in the building are going to be taken off not only Thursday but Friday as well for a 4-man 4-day busman's holiday. I'll be here Friday. Me too. I'll be here Thursday. Not you, but I'll be here Thursday. Yeah, I'm taking off Thursday. I mean, why should I celebrate a holiday when it's not a holiday hearing? Why should I celebrate a holiday if they're going to give it to me? Yeah, that's right. Like I said, I won't be here on Thursday. I wouldn't be if they had anybody to put on but George is on vacation this week. That's George's at the duck was throwing into the bus before we went to the other year this line. Duff says that it's the producer's job to get new copy for us. Not the salespeople's job. What? Producer's job. To go and move you to the salespeople. I'm sorry. But duck is... Hey, Duff, you're fair. That ain't going to fly here. No. Whoever heard a such a thing. I've never seen a place where the sales department has so many excuses. From everybody else. Oh, when I saw our job copies, not our job and the servicing accounting, our job. Well, I don't know what this business for you. And how it's up to you guys. You know, right. What a bunch of shmendrix. We're supposed to go chase down copy, huh? Right. That's right. In fact, it's good exercise. You and I could both use it. Of course, it'd be a longer, longer run for me. Oh, look, it's just as I'm saying that. Here's a piece of copy from Troy. Oh, my God. It must be a mistake. It is. And you know what? It's an old piece of copy. Right. He just took an old copy. I got to say something. Two minutes before a break. I was handed that piece of copy. I looked at it for the first time and I realized it was a month old. Month. This is years old. This one. He just takes the same one. Yeah. October 92. Yeah. Hey, Troy, you're an idiot, man. He uses his good body wash, though. Wow. What's going on in this place? No, I did. And then we got to deal with it. Looking for a local sales manager asked my, I said, well, what's the story with the Curtis, what that loser? Oh, he's a general sales man. I said, well, who's the local salesman? Oh, we don't have one. So that should explain a lot of things. Did we ever have one? I guess once upon a time, he was the local sales manager when screwing with your girlfriend was still there. She was the GSM. Right. GSM standing for get some mold or get some mold. Don't do that today. By the way, Pete Rose is all bent out of shape because he's not going to be in the Hall of Fame. We got 2100 dead soldiers in Iraq and Pete Rose is where he won't be in the, who cares? He does. Well, too bad. And how about his son to seek here too? To see on the inside of the outside this week is kid. Runs in the family. I know. I don't want to start your tight with Pete Rose for whatever reason. I would tell you. I would tell you. I don't really care. I don't really care. I don't know. Consequence to me. I think that's the most silly ask crap. A thousand years from now, who's going to care where the P.D. Rose is in the Hall of Fame? I think anybody that goes to the track and stacks a whole bunch of hundred dollar bills on the table ought to be in the Hall of Fame. That's not what it was, baseball points. If there were two pomb leaves falling from a pomb tree, he would bet you a thousand dollars which one was going to hit the ground first. And you'd then the sad part of it is you took the best. That's right. I know you would. Oh, which one is it? Excuse me. But in Tom Jickie, you're another one of your close buddies. I'm going to pick on all your buddies today for Thanksgiving. He writes about how Ted Koppel about how nightline is the greatest, uh, synthinks in sliced bread and the greatest news show. I think I've watched Nightline maybe twice in my life. You like Ted Koppel because Tom likes to short people, you know? It is closing tonight. Yeah, or tomorrow night. Well, who cares? No, tonight. Wednesday whenever that is. Blood nightline? Yeah. No, tonight's the well it is Wednesday technically because it's 12 30 in a morning, I guess. But tonight's his last show. I believe. This is the show where he's going to do, uh, he's got a weird last show. Really? Yeah. He's, uh, trying to remember what, oh yeah. It's, uh, it's all centers on, uh, that the book that Mitch Album wrote about the professor in 1993, he did a show with that, uh, with the teacher. Morey that was the subject of the successful book and play. Morey, Amsterdam? No. Thursdays with morey. Two days. Two days. Two days. What kind of name is morey? Anywhere. We thought about that. What kind of a name is that? This is morey. Yeah. And I think that's a book written by Mitch Album about his professor who was, uh, was, uh, was ill. And he went and visited him and visited with him every Tuesday morning and got a book out of it. And this is who Ted Coffles last show is going to be about. You know, uh, solely that old Brian that dumb little, uh, bubble head on CNN. Yeah. So about quarter to ten, she comes on breakfast. He did about breaking news. You know, everything every time a dog gets, uh, has a bad B.M. It's breaking news on CNN or MSNBC. Breaking news. And she comes out with a straight face and says, Jose Padilla. Never the suitcase bomber that they're holding out for Jose Padilla. Yeah. The soldier that's Jose Padilla and I thought you stupid guy man. It's just unbelievable how many go in there. It's incredible. Jose Padilla. She's on worldwide television. CNN. And she's calling Jose Padilla. Even a little child. Those it's, uh, espanyol, baby. Padilla. Not Padilla. You dumb bitch. Jesus. God. Really sad. And you wonder why Americans are so uninformed and so out of touch with reality. Yeah. And so obsessed with cramped like Pete Rosen, the Hall of Shame. Hey Pete, you idiot. I wonder which Bimbo he's gotten in Zarm this week. I don't know where he is. I can't take a cap for him today. He's in Las Vegas, signing autographs for us. Well, if he was in Las Vegas, he wish he would be able to. $100 a rattle. Yeah. You were telling me about that when he goes on those, uh, home shopping network things. How much he come up to cash he's making a fortune? Boy. Well, he, you got, when you're gambling as much as he is, you got to make a fortune. I bet I think maybe I'll go on home shopping. Nobody knows who I am or once my autograph, but I'll start signing baseballs for, uh, you know, get some more money to go back to wood by and not going back there. No, I am not. I called that call the gaming commission twice more yesterday. Two more times. You get any response? Well, the same. But it beat Padilla with the bend they got in the computer and they're going to call me. And then, and if they don't call me, I'm calling him every single day. I'm going to call there. Every single day until he finally, uh, pass out or send a kind of hitman here to take, uh, fear me. See, people think that because the mob is no longer at least officially running things in Vegas, not a place as well as casino gambling, they think that that's everything has been cleaned up. Boy, they got a real lesson to learn. It's just more sanitized. Not, that's all. Stop and think about it. They're the number one take like in Vegas is any places gambling and casinos is the slots right by far. That's their favorite. Now, if they really were only making two or three percent, that wouldn't cover anything. They wouldn't even cover the cost of the free drinks they're given away. So you know when they got the caracels with the big signs, 97% pay back, 98% that's a polycraft. That's a lie. They may be paying 97% back doing the four hours a day when the machines are in the pain mode, but the other 20 hours when they're in a coma mode and paying nothing and sending you right to the commode, uh, forget about it. They're not paying 10%. So, uh, you're already, you're a whole curve because you don't play that craft anywhere. Yes, but no one's lost. One of the big issues like I am. One of the big issues with the slots here is how they're going to be regulated. Yeah. Well, it's Florida. So what does that tell you? Probably won't be. No. It's a risk of alienating all my former good friends at the peer mutuals. It's too bad. You know, I mean, you like I said, I'm more than happy to see him in there and let all the tourists come and drop their money. I'll be all the suckers and subsidized education and the horsemen and all that, but local people don't go there. And the money never gets to education. Huh? And the money never find out. I thought it was, it's supposed to be guaranteed in this one. It's in the wording of it. So I can't figure out how they can get around it in this one. I'll tell you how. Yeah. Administrative costs, taxes, you know, 55% of value. You're a child on our good close friends in the peer mutual industry. No, I've always thought that doing it in the name of education. Because I wonder what we're attracting to people and because of the fact that they're average age of their or patron is 95 plus 10. I'm not against slots, but I'm just saying that the doing the name of education is, is subject to use. Well, the horsemen need the money, okay? Yes. That's the bottom line. Thank you. Well, I don't know. I'm sorry. At least at least it's a little something life in South for a little something that has to do with life living and breathing a little fun for people. Just like the tourist do, don't use suckers, go out there and get hooked on that cramp. I'll tell you why the money doesn't go to education, okay? Yeah. This is something I again know something about this. Because if that money is your mark for education, then the legislature will take money that previously was going to education and put somewhere else. Okay. And cross out the Pomp and O Parker County, and cross out when, obviously, let's go ahead and keep going. No, I'm not saying anything against the paramutuals, but the net is that that money doesn't get there because they will take it away from education somewhere else saying, oh, we're getting this from the lottery or we're getting, it's happened in every state. Yeah. It doesn't get there. It's a lie. It seems to be doing awfully well in Delaware where that I'll take it out. I'm not saying that the slots don't do well and that they don't need them, but I'm just saying that do it in the name of education isn't being fourth right. Yeah. And it's a fact. Yeah. So, okay. You understand what I'm saying? What next? What happened when the lottery was going to give all that money education? Yeah. Well, that's because that's because it wasn't in the wording. It wasn't specific enough. It wasn't specific enough, which is the one the only reason that the governor and the legislature, your fan asked, Governor, been able to stone wall this long because they didn't put on their class two or whatever it held it as slots. That's why they wasted six months arguing about it's writing like the crap into the seminals or is it going to be like real slot machine. That's right. But when the legislature goes to do the education budget, they will look at what's coming in from slots and say, well, we don't need to give so much education. Well, we can't even have a lot of the slots people. That's a full bit of linguistically. So, it would be voted out. But then always have education and they ought to be voted out. That's always that. And they won't because it's a cracker state. That's why. That's cracker. That is right. It's a cracker state. But a bunch of Yahoo Rednex and old foeys don't care about education. All they care about is the early bird dinner and the gap, the notch, whatever they call everything. The notch. I'll like care about it. My check is already in the mail. My school and air tough. The clearance and whoever else in the county back there, nice going. I have to tell them if I would use you them enough several days like a week ahead of payday. All of a sudden it shows up not only on time, but early every payday. Nice going, Duff. Good deal. Yeah. Well, guess what? I'm not going to go chase down copy. No, you better get with it, man. You're not the producer. Let's see, shy in the beast on the beast could use the exercise and his fat ass back there. I have shy and coped out of producers. Yeah. Well, let's beast title. He's a man. You and the politics. Is that is the you and the politics slash up fates? Yeah. The party will be. And he's a designated mow hater. Oh, and well, he's got good reason for that. Yeah. We all do. I'm not going to apologize with that beast. He thinks he's going to be a, oh, I make up with me. He's got another thought coming. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But we're going to go for Thanksgiving dinner on Thursday. Friend of mine's family's house. Oh, no. I go there every year. Watch out for the cranberry's man. Send your blood sugar scar rocketing and that's stuffing all carbs. Yeah. I'm not going to rest today, but he has no firm stuffing. I guess that's a goish it thing. You know, stuffy doesn't get stuffing? No. I said stuffy's not my favorite part of Thanksgiving. Oh, yes. Of course. Anybody knows that. was that. Sorry, totally, there is mother's allows you cook or work for under both. I'm going to take the stuff with your mother, Josh. Yeah. How can you not have stuffing on things? We definitely do. I just said it wasn't for babies. I love because these days never had really good stuff, you know? You know what? The stuffing is the best. The next day when it's cold. That is absolutely correct. All brother. So you leave it to the Jews to know they're stuffing. If I could look at me in hand, you know what you said off like that. We've been stuffed. We are stuffed. Have a great Wednesday. It's whatever it is. You throw me up. And the people to permute you will say, well, we'll see you soon. It's time to get it on. Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. First, it was Band-in. A bunch of laying ass British people were raising money for charity. Well, no bunch of lyingies were going to make America look bad. Not when we could upchuck something like USA for Africa. We are not. We are not. We are not. We are not. Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on We Are The World. He speaks here through a translator. Basically, nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich cross-stars taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat to their food. Ah, he had a fool for USA for Africa was freaking unbelievable. Who would go on to fame as a drug driver was also there. They had to shrimp wrapped in bacon thing. I don't know what they did to it. Maybe they marinated in something but man. Go ahead and take you to Louis Greer. Oh, definitely. What I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa was the bovary and minstrel. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. Grospringsteams there as well. Here he speaks to a translator. Basically, we wanted to show the British that ready to come to bringing a bunch of jerk off from having us together to raise money for charity, USA, can't ask. USA, for Africa. It was all about getting food to the people who needed. And eventually getting into poor people too. It's a big juicy, soft and wet look at show business tonight. I'm sorry. We're at already 1015, my god, we're like, we're going to head over. But I do have to remind you that years ago I told us to be on the air. I was at like Rand Hotel in Rome and they were having a conference on World Hunger. Uh-huh. And I came back into my room that night and out in a hallway. I mean, all the special guests from all these countries all around the world where I'm on four, I'm happy to be my four. And out in the hallway are all these carts with all these huge plates, with I eaten mountains of pasta and all this other crap. It was a beautiful thing. It's conference on World starvation. I bet you're all those people in like Bangladesh would have just gone nuts for that pasta there, pasta, pasta, pasta, but nevertheless. 1015 at 560WQA, much of two days we got the mole monster with two gildy from add dog and four. Add dog doesn't want to like overdo it on Thanksgiving week. Uh, pre-canes warm up at 70, pre-canes basketball against North Carolina AT&T. AT&T at 730 and ATK after the basketball game. That should be a real barn burner. Should it North Carolina AT&T? What is that like a little girl's team? Uh, yeah. Well, you know, they lost that game on the football game so they got to like beat up on some teams and make them feel better about themselves like real human. Roger. Ah. Surely you've gone all the Harry Potter books. You've got the Harry Potter homes for an enemy kid but now you've got to get the Harry Potter Pet Prautology Kid. Damn that thing's great. Check out your kid. Hey, you! Oh, shit. Oh, crocodile. Sorry, they're Harry Potter Pet Prautology Kid. Barnyard edition sold separately. Well, I did my hot wheels car get inside of me. Right. Right. Try to go. 20 after 10. We got another choice for the pool today. You guys better put on there. A bunch of man-made crap. How's that? Okay. Got it? A bunch of man-made crap. Well, I want to give some additional choices on there on our religion pool today. Especially a couple days before Thanksgiving. I'll honestly, what religion and Thanksgiving have to do with each other. Not you. It's not like the last supper. Nope. I don't know if it's a pilgrim's. Hold a pilgrim supposedly came to America to get away from religious persecution. And they started persecuted in everybody else. Also, anyway, Jose Padilla. I mean Padilla. That was just, that was the epitome of what's going on with CNN right now. Okay. They just were like, I've been telling you for two years, take their towers and just take them out. Take them when it's out, take them out, like Pet Robertson would say. When it's out, take them out. Just ridiculous. They got a bunch of bubble heads on there. We wouldn't know Jose. They would know Padilla from Mahoah, Medsia. Suspected, very bummer Jose Padilla has been finally in debt and criminal charges in Miami. Attorney General Alberto, the torture organ Zollas, was expected to discuss the end of the news conference in Washington. He's been held for like 500 years, more than three years until I could finally drum up some large charges against him. He has a suitcase. He was going to let it go of a dirty bomb. Yeah. All of us have let go of dirty bomb sometime in our life. Probably recently. Why is that I'm always next to somebody who just let go of a dirty bomb? Because you might have lost lots. Yeah, that must be it. Not no more. Not an act joint. Anyway, we even though my girl is there till noon, then he has to go do it. Oh, you know who died? We're died. I forgot to mention this to Hank. He would know because he's an old cult like me. Link Ray, who he died in Copenhagen, see you wouldn't know. Neither one of you guys would know the guitar master. Link Ray, father of the power court in Rock and Roll inspired such legends as Bruce Springsteen. David Bowie and Peter Townsend is died. He was 76. I bet your book of Ryan is in fact, you know, somewhere in here, I've got that. What was the big hit? Rumble. I've got rumble in here by Link Ray. Some words. In fact, maybe I'll take a half an hour and let you guys do the show while I look for it. Ray died November 5th. On my birthday, no less. Oh, no, it is home in Copenhagen. His wife and son, no, said on his website, no cause is that was given. But his family said his heart was getting tired. He was buried Friday last Friday after service of Copenhagen's Christian Church. While playing guitar, you often told the audience, God is time I guitar. I'm with God when I play his wife, all of a sudden, out of our Christian road. We saw you go with God. You were smiling. Ray, who played it as a trademark leather jacket, developed as stock, considered a blueprint for heavy metal and punk music. He's best known for 58 instrumental Rumble, 59 Raw Hyde, and 63 Jack River. Remember Raw Hyde? I got that here somewhere too. Of course. His music's been featured in movies including Paul Fiction and Independence Day in Desperado. He was born in North Carolina. He was three quarters Shawnee Indian, as said of inspired many other rock musicians, including Township of the Hoosbracetine, Boy, Bob Dylan, Steve Van Zant. Oliver Quota is saying that Ray and Rumble inspired them to become musicians. He is the king. If it hadn't been for Link Ray and Rumble, I never would have picked up a guitar or Township in Rhode Island. I want to raise albums. Neil Young once said, good Canadian Boy Neil Young said, if I could go back in time and see any band, who would be Link Ray and the Ray man. Now is it. Link Ray and the Ray man. Remember Ray man and that movie? Ray man. The power cord, a thunder ring sound created by playing fifths, two notes, five, five notes apart, often with lower note, double on the octave above. They came with favorite among rock players. Ray claimed because he was too slow to be a whiz on the guitar, yet it would be a sound. When recording Rumble, he created the fuzz tone by punching holes in his amplifiers to produce a dark rumbling sound. It took off instantly, but it was banned by some DJs in big cities for a seemingly a suggest teen violence. I was looking for something that Chettacins wasn't doing, that all the jazz kings weren't doing, that all the country pickers were doing. I was looking for my own sound. He said, any did. I didn't like that. Throughout the, though he went out of the sound in the 60s, he was re-discovered by later generations. He toured the Western Canada since the mid-1990s, playing 40 shows this year. In 2002, guitar world magazine elected Ray as one of the 100 greatest guitars of all time. In 87 moved in, Denmark and married Olive Julie Pauva, Pauva, they raised their son in a three-story house in Ireland where Hans Christian and Anderson was. Did that wonderful? And they probably were there in that little miniature park. What goes in there, little amusement park there in Copenhagen? Come on, Tivoli, Tilly Gardens. You guys better get rid of it. You better get rid of it, you better get your pay off. Pass a port, though, man, and start traveling the world and see what life is really all about. All right, that's right. He started to see you go to Copenhagen and see that there's a 7-11 on every street court and you'll say, why? And the answer is because they feel like it. Only there are 7-11s, actually, sir, pizza, you know that? Really? Yeah. Well, I've said that there's people who's Danish, man, old man. There's ain't nothing like a Danish, and I'm not talking about pastry either. Well, anyway, I've got a great, that's why I called my great deans. So I've got an article I have to read and spread to the fact that Miguel is there. In fact, you know what I got several that I might read, and you know what? Too bad if you don't like it. I don't care. I'm a coffee. Great job. I'm Miguel this morning. You whip it at sales department in shape. The surges job and somebody had to do it. Doug Thompson writes before we get to the polls and all this other crap. Doug Thompson from Capital Hill Blue, a gutless draft-odging coward named Dick Cheney. Now that might probably even inspire his Miguel to hear it. Now. The last thing we need in the increasingly bitter, arract debate, he says is a gutless draft-odging coward like Dick Cheney criticizing those who did serve their country. The vice president who used multiple deferments to avoid serving his country during the night. Jumped into the freight beat time last weekend again on Monday with an accurate broadside against those who properly questioned the president's motives for dragging the country to the bloody dead and called Iraq. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety, Cheney said yesterday, it has no place anywhere in American politics. Sorry, Dicky, boy, but it is you and your cronies at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue who have no place anywhere in American politics. It's hypocrites like you, you shameless cowardly son of a bitch who should be led from the White House in chains and locked away somewhere in hellhole to rock for eternity. American politics is cursed with chicken-ock politicians who do everything in their power to avoid serving their country and then votes to send other Americans to fight and die for their questionable wars. Bill Clinton used falsified documents to securing keep his student deferments in place, Congresses lit it with false patriots, Republican and Democrat alike who avoided military service. And the biggest warbundler of the mall, George W. Bush, needed daddy's connections to ride out the ward home in the safety of the Texas International Guard and couldn't even complete that service. The first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that the first thing that was in the country was that it was supported by the first thing that is in the state of Alexandria. Message called the Iraq war of flawed policy , injured. People both possessing the UK. of aid, a record, the words that come from someone to understand, more are held a lot better than the cowards in the White House. Strong words from someone who's been there in face death were as country, something that had draft out your like dictating he can never ever understand. It's bad enough when both users' veterans day a holiday were were supposed to honor those who served our country to spread his Iraq invasion propaganda and criticize those who dare question his failed policies. As Americans, we have the freedom to agree or disagree with war, but it's our duty to serve her when she calls. The granddaughters of the worst kind of traders to our country, they avoided the call of nothing but despicable, dictating his account and a liar who represents him in the situation run by Crooks in frauds when I see someone like that criticizing someone who served their country in war, someone twice wounded on the battlefield I consider the source. In this case the source is nothing more than white lying, draft dodging trash. He was one of your own favorite phrases Mr. Vice President, we suggest you just f-off. I'd like that, see I'd prefer that, which was worth listening to. That's going dark time soon, who always be right around the bush. 1028 at 5.60WQ. Good morning Americans, it's Paul Harfe, standby for news. A man is sitting in a bar one night wearing a fancy new wristwatch covered with buttons and lights and dials. Oh my. The woman next to him says, wow, that's really fancy watch. Sir, thank you the man says it's the cutting edge of technology. I can tell a perfectly as this was. Anything I want I know and it will answer me, telepathically. Robert says the girl, though it's true the man replies, look, I'll tell you what I'll prove it. I'll ask it if you have any panties on. The man scrunches up his eyes for a moment as if concentrating hard to talk to his watch and that opens them and says, no, but says you haven't got panties on the woman says, well, it's wrong. I do have panties on and the man replies, damn it, it's in our fast. Now page two. Kevin Dad trying to console Susie who's dog it recently died. You know, mom said it's not your fault the dog died Susie. He's probably up in heaven right now having a grand old time with God and Susie said, what would God want with a dead dog? Paul Harfe. Good day. nasty 26 before 11 at 5. 6 to 10. Of course, here's more of the same that you keep passing me stuff that we had on ages ago. The first match I think came off the of the first match in early this morning was one of the five Graham story that we had on our website yesterday. Remember that story Josh? I do. Yeah, so many facts is that to us is it? See, go to the neorodges.com and then you have to waste all your facts paper and ours too. And then here's somebody I just did the link rating that and so somebody sends me lend rest of the jolly queen giant. How many weeks ago did we have that on? Remember that? Well, like a month ago. Yeah. Yeah. He died October 60. He's every hand. But what are you coming more than a month? Who sent this to me? Who facts this? Uh, I don't know. Yeah. Right. But, pathetic. Okay, here's the results from yesterday's pool 19. That written 12 votes yesterday. What the hell was that all about? What I like that, Paul. You want to know why? Because it had to do with hate. Like that. And it would be a sour mood after the elbows. My many teams lost those games that embarrassed and degraded over the weekend. What college or professional sports team do you hate the most hate thing underlying the operative word? Hate New York Yankees 325. The one fairly comfortably after having early early set two with the jets. 325 and a Yankees 3274 from the jets. Not even close. Notre Dame of her respectable turret 203. I hate sports 184. The usual 9.6% said 9.6% you can't get through them whether it's totally wings or badminton or whatever. They just hated even now curling. Florida Gators 170. When I truly they'd move away up there to the highest. U.M. Hurried Cains right on a Gators ass 166 and the Miami dolphins are right on a Hurried Cains ass 136. FSU 93 the Dallas Cowboy 64 the Boston Red Stock 61 have become along with their fans very arrogant since the one that championship couple seasons ago very arrogant. The New England Patriots 51 which is pure jealousy for sure Michigan will Marines 41 deserving to be a hated despised. Ohio State 40 Buffalo Bills only 25 you wonder why the bills aren't like so much normal because they've been so bad for so long now that it's kind of hard to hate a team that's like falling on bad time. Yeah, told us that's right New York next 19 to look up. Up at the Eagle 17 with a without T.O. Oakland Raiders 13 Pittsburgh Steelers 11 New York Rangers 10 it was only hockey team to make the list of course Penn State 5 and Chicago Bears had three. So they went take trace. I wonder if Jose Padilla hates the bears. When she said Jose Padilla I just about that was about the end for me. I just about to slow it off the cheer out of the flow. You're on worldwide television honey millions of people could be watching all of probably only about 10,000 really are because we've got to waste their time at a bunch of crap like that especially when they got rich senses on there tomorrow all this week. Oh god are they punishing us or what? Yeah, wow. Maniacs. Okay, now that's the heavy do these stuff that pulled today which we've done this a long time ago is matter fact long ago but I think with Thanksgiving come up on Thursday let's be in the next year. Yeah, everything. Huh? Speaking of Thanksgiving. Yes, we apparently have I guess the power 96 people are given away a bunch of turkeys downstairs and there is a line that's unbelievable. Tell me as to how come power 96 has got turkeys to give away and we got squad. We don't even have the tickets to link raise funeral to give away. Maybe we'll give away like motifs shirts. We can formalize anything. No, and we won't give away motifs shirts. We'll give away no t-shirts. That's what we give away. I'm QM. That's our budget. There's ask Miguel. He'll tell you his big promotional budget there. How many senses it? About 30 cents. 30 cents. You heard a 50 cents. We got 30 cents. That is embarrassing. We're giving away turkeys in power 96. We get nothing's not as if he do da. And that's because you guys are making a big bucks. They can't afford it. Is that right? I don't know. Seriously, how embarrassing is that? In other words, we don't want to be grateful and thankful to our fine audience power 96. A bunch of tons of drugs addicts. So, but here listen to power 96. Probably shooting up heroin in the park and I want to wait and get their turkey. God Almighty. And this is the best we can do for our people. We want some turkeys. Now our audience deserves turkeys. Okay? And the problem is we got a bunch of turkeys running this joint. That's why we got nothing to give away. Nothing empty handed. Never what Sonny said about his brother coming out of the tea room. We're just his turkey in his hand. Boy, oh, what is his bed? Anyway, to pull today about religion. And now I feel that that's bad news. So they're lined up from there all the way up to our all-way into county line road all windows stating probably. Yeah, the hammer came in and said that the line is absurd. How in he get? Yeah, how many turkeys do the hammer of Scott with? Right. Yeah, that surprised me. He's probably just going to take him over to his friends for, yeah, they'll be gone by Thursday. 497 religion is a man made. Now you didn't put on it when I told him. But that's okay. Because you know, you already did your rough thing for today. It goes just a killing time to noon. Send me facts as a stuff that we had on a month ago. Religion is a man made. Creech for weak people to away. Can there be any doubt? Not only important to me, 92. Well, that's very sad. A great tax-free scam, 82. You have either one thing it up. Not very important in my life, 73. And very important in my life, 42. And I feel so badly for you people. I feel so bad that you're so weak in it. You're brainwashing your children and making them go to Catholic school, getting a list of by the priest or making them go to school and get all the stupid and put it on the little skull cap so the kids can laugh at them and put most of the Philanon and pray that we're cutting off their circulation. How about poor Yuri Fisher in that Red Wing game last night had a hard seizure and his heart actually stopped. He thought he'd called a game off and send everybody home. He's okay. He went to the hospital and comes to find out yet a congenital heart defect. Free way chase. For what? Arizona. There's a free way chase. What channel are you on? CNN? Hedle News. On headline news. Because on a regular scene, they got a bunch of other and some kind of I guess they're in a break. Oh see an error. Chase and Arizona look at that. Oh well I would be sad about two seconds of that. Who's this? Are we kid? I don't know where I'm going to miss it. Oh, Hillsdale, Michigan. You know I once worked at a radio station Hillsdale Michigan for a week. There's a true story. I don't remember the call. I was working in Albion, Michigan and I left because I got an offer instead of 75 bucks a week got 80 bucks a week. So I went to a station in Hillsdale, Michigan which is like in Southern South Central Michigan town of about 400 people. Maybe a 10 people. And anyway so they had that back in those days that we know such thing is carts that it was certainly an audio of all day. The Southern stuff. So the spots were like either on big disk or they had this real funky kind of thing. I don't know how to describe it. It was like an old cylinder recorded with a spot record on it. And the breaks were so long that it would take you like in between the breaks. You just barely get while you're playing a record. You could just barely get the next bunch of spots cut up in the next break. And after the first day I was ready like for a cardiac arrest. I was like, what kind of a crazy place is this unbelievable? So I worked there a week and then I went back to Albion. WALM, Albion, Michigan man. That was at home of Durwood Carons who was our Huffer on video program director, Durwood Carons. Remember one time he had like a band-powder diarrhea and he was scheduled to come down to do the news at 11 o'clock in the morning and he came down and we're pulling his pants off. This has got to wait about 280 pounds. That's a sight. Yeah. And here's Durwood coming this flopping out almost fell down the stairs from the T-room up there and I sure hope he had finished all the fitness too by the way. I don't know, it smells something bad in there. So that's our pull is about religion. You even bastards you and that's it. All the hatred in the world look at it right now. The Middle East, Ovener and I rack. You got the Sunnis and the Kurds in the ways and the sea ice and uh geez. And Northern Ireland and all of this stuff. And let me say it again, me is really those aren't the kind of Jews that I ever grew up with. This is the Middle Rogers. This is 516. Have the ever seen. I've been in Turkey. I was the biggest turkey that had it well since I will dance you guys. Just together. So keep it to the trick. Yeah, that's your stuff. What do you mean you've hooked this hurt? We have to be feeling as big as you can to give it to you. Bring in the cookies. You'll put our Nazinal bird in the oven. And then, say, you got to be able to pick the funny thing. What's in our desk? It's a turkey normal doll. Oh, I cooked the cookies. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. You're just right. I got to start watching South Park again. See, I met that on day when he's not there. He's on vacation. It would be a bad to do it when he's there. 526 votes in a pool, which it's only 1047. You see where we're going with this today again? Would not be something. It would be. If we could get a thousand votes on our pool every day during Thanksgiving. We'll ever have them Thursday. We know, Judge Cortison, I'll be here on Thursday. That's right. We're the only ones of the regular staff going to be on Thursday. Working our asses off to try to entertain you folks. We'll play the rack. Play like some great link, great music all day. Play the jelly green giant. In fact, what do we got on Thursday? We got to the beast and shy and cope in the morning for the Humper. Oh, by the way, bow, camper is with guilty today. Jeldi and bow, how do you know? Because Jeldi about mo, what does it mean? Follow me, mo, it's guilty and bow. Serumpia, schmow. What kind of a pairing is that? Is that like the beauty in the beast? Squeaky and something? See what I'm saying? Look at her. You got the wonderful squeaky guy and you got the guy with a big seven foot guy. Then Jeldi, green giant. The Jeldi white giant, Kim Bo-Kampart. Don't mess with a Bo-Kampart man. He'll take that cow from the University of Doug and stick with where your Moon don't shine. That's right. Anyway, what I was starting to say is Thursday before he had a ruptured We were the certainly news about Bobby and that would guilty. That'll be like decreased the squeak factor anyway for a couple of hours For three hours. Oh, geez. So Thursday, beast and shy and cope. How come it's got shy and, wow, okay. And then you got the us 10 to two and then Jesse and Todd Kainau. Jesse Aguero is that his name? Yeah. And of course Todd, which, well, what can you say about Todd? You're fair from two to four. And then Curtis and Lenny Martens for the seven. What a line up on Thursday. Man, it'll make you something to be thankful for. And that is that those guys aren't on every other day. Um, uh, kill it. Yeah. And we'll make you very thankful that you don't have to listen to that crap all the other days of the way. Believe you me. Thanks for the rest of us. So speaking of a religious crap. I got a couple of stories that I want to overdo the stories because Miguel Get restart rattling his spirit and take in a spoon and like a little child banging it on the table there. He's meaning. See, I told you, yes, that wasn't going to read anymore. I guess what I'll do whatever to lie on. How you like that? Well, he's on the cell. He's on his cell. He ought to be in one. The former thicker general of the Roman Catholic Dice's of Phoenix was arrested yesterday on charges he fondaled boys in young men and asked him to pry and question about their sex lives that he pretended to part of confession. Well, you know, what's unique about that? That's what all that confession is all about. You're sitting on the one side of the booth and I tell all kinds of like personal crap which is nobody's business and the priest is on the other side. Like that. There were his hand. You want to get joist right before the holidays? By the way, yes. That was the power's promotion guy. And those turkeys are open to kill him listeners as well. They're more than invited. More than welcome. How sad does this work? How many are there? I guess they got a truck full. Well, but how many is the truck full? See, I don't want to invite our listeners to come on down now and get in that long line. And then find out that there's only like 10 more. That's probably what they're pulling on us. Well, the one in a row wouldn't have gone the call. What? If there was 10 more. How about how many are there? Do we have any idea? I'll make another call. You're making another caller find out before I go on here and say, Hey, everybody come down and get a free turkey from your good friends at QA. Thanks to the fact we're sticks children to power 96. I got news for you folks at Power 906. If anybody over the age of 15, listen to your radio station, it would be a major miracle, okay? It's effective if anybody with an IQ over 15, listening would be even bigger miracle. But thanks for the turkeys. Thanks. How come back and get one? Can I get back to my story about this child molesting priest? Yeah, how's that coming? I'm on senior day off. Fusik 53 becomes one of the highest ranking priest to be charged and makes sex scandal. That's in conflict, church. And you know, as you're not hearing anything about this story at all? I know what I did hear that they just had, they started with a thousand turkeys. They're about five to six hundred left. I'll find the six hundred left. No problem. So the line doesn't look to be too long. Come on down to QM, corner of Northwest the second avenue. And whatever it is, 441. Makes the KFC. Right. Kitty corner of the KFC. And that ugly white building there on the corner. Or it looks like it used to be a bank. It used to be a what you call credit union. But they robbed it so many times. They had a quote quote as a credit union. Yeah, they're going to be a laugh. But it's a true story. It's a damn true story man credit credit. We got your credit. The victory general is the highest. The highest ranking administrator of the diocese next to the bishop. Tusik was charged with three kinds of assault. That's assault. Five of the contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Two of the decent exposure. All our Mr. Minors punishable by more than three years and I'm once at all. Tusik used a relationship of trust to perform criminal acts including, but not limited to sexual activities. And proper sexual discussion and physical contact upon vulnerable minor and adult victims. Prosecutors said. They said Tusik committed the acts between 1984 and 1984. They were taking a report. Tim of these Catholic Church in Mesa, Arizona, or on property belonging to the church. The alleged victims were 70 young men in boys. Tusik resigned as pastor of St. Timothy's in April after somebody claimed to have recovered. Repressed memory involving sexual and property by Fusik in 85. He denied the allegation remains administrative leave. His attorney Michael Manisadovich country couldn't immediately be reached for comment. Michael Herrann and attorney for the diocese said the church knew of one of the alleged victims. Because it was settled with him previously. In other words, pay to boss. He went and they talked about the church settling. That has to do with paying people off. Of course. Yeah. All of it is a plea deal in the death of student sex case. Teacher. And as we check. Honorism is his list of the list. We'll find it. We really care about that. No. Marra Copa attorney Andrew Thomas said the priest conducted sham confessions in which he extracted details about people's sex lives for his own gratification. Thomas said that I should have been cooperative. I've been impressed by the overall atmosphere that's been projected by the new bishop. He was wearing really nifty overalls. Prosecutors at the class with the diocese over sexually salagations when was headed by Bishop Thomas O'Brien who was not in 2003 after being arrested and they did not hit and run. I remember that. Remember that? Fuchsia was O'Brien's top aide at the time. The diocese is not headed by Bishop Thomas's own state. I wonder if he's really the Bert Olmstead used to play for the leech in the Canadian. But I doubt it. And speaking of crazy religion, this is another good one for you. But I want to dwell on this religious crap. But never a better time than the holidays. No, you kids out there. Don't let your parents lie to you about that Santa Claus crap for Christmas either. Okay? There ain't no Santa Claus. There ain't no tooth fairy. And are sure there's not no boogie man under the bed. The boogie man's in a white house. Or it's a case he's house could be. Don't be playing that. See if George was there. You had that play and already. Oh, in fact, if George was there, we'd already been playing rumble by Link Ray. Boy, you heard you're jelly. Jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly, jelly. Jelly, green giant. What? Or to listen to jelly, green giant? No, it was not. That's old news. We don't care about that. That's ancient news. You shouldn't have sent me that fast. We had that unlike a month ago. What an apple. And a guy died. So what about Casey, which way do you look at for? Boogie man. And what about Link Ray and rumble? Can't happen to be coming home. What is it? There's no Link Ray in here. Well, there's definitely his Casey and their boogie man. Trust me when I attended a boogie man is in the DCS. It's in whatever he's got it in the MP3. It's in the freezer. Jerry Fallwell is going off the deep ends again. How do you like that? Two in Allison is really impressed. Crazy person. Can you say crazy? Little boy. If Angelico Christian passed a jury fall well as a message for Americans when it comes to celebrating Christmas this year, you read that with us earlier against us. Aha. More of our visitor going on our ass. Fallwell is the power of his 24,000 member congregation behind the friend or full Christmas campaign. And if we're led by the conservative legal organization, Liberty Council, a bunch of Nazis if there ever was. The group promises to file suit against anyone who spreads what it sees as misinformation about how Christmas can be celebrated in schools and public spaces. The 8,000 members. There it is. Hey Casey. You're fair. That's enough. The 8,000 members of the Christian Educators Association International be the campaign's eyes and ears and nations public schools. Other important to 750 Liberty Council lawyers are already the policy for example a teacher's mussel from leading the third graders in Hark. The Harold Angels saying, is that the Miami-Herald? Yeah, the Harold Angels sing my ass. And additional 800 attorneys from another conservative legal group, the Alliance defense funder, standing by as part of a similar event. The Christmas project is slogan, Mary Christmas is okay to say it. Okay. Okay. To say it. Fending the U-Log of this content against what the Liberty Council calls grishes like the ACLU are evangelical federal organizations, including the 150,000 member American Family Association. It's called for a boycott of target stories next weekend. The change crime recorded this group is a ban on the use of Mary Christmas and stores and accusations that change in eyes. On his show last week, Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly offered a list of other retailers that he says, refused to use Mary Christmas in their store advertising. Is that before we after he finished with this heavy breathing? It's a long story which I'll continue because it's too good to like let's just hang. You know, we don't want to let the hang. 555, do you realize that we're like 566 to the weight of 666 on a pole? This he then crowd. You're going to burn in hell, I'll tell you, but I'll see you there. Religion is a man made crutch for weak people, 230, moderately important to me 100. A great tax-free scam 95, not very important in my life 79, and very important in my life 51 getchies out there. This is real rubbish. This is 566. This is the real Roger show. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I heard you were next to him, ask him 18. He is 2g 2g 3g. Where? What? What? His gat was 3g 4g. Trampov vier I mentioned, Here you are, There's Jose Padilla as the Koyushuk, a solid ad of Brian said this morning. Right there are kind of at least 10,000 people. Jose Padilla, all that is just so sad. Man, it could be for a finish with a jury of follow up, crap. Fairbottom, Minnesota. A man, a trip to the restroom resulted in a trip to the hospital, a brave Bloomington, Minnesota man who accidentally shot himself in a hand over the weekend of the gun show. All right. Fairbottom, police sergeant Richard Larson said, the 59 year old man shot himself. If I were moving his gun from a hook in the bathroom install, while attending the 31st annual Fairbottom rifle and pistol glove club gun show on Sunday morning. No, you think the Lord had something to do with that? That'll teach you to go to a gun show you idiots. You run a tank, you gun hugger. Man, was taken to a local hospital treated in the release by Sunday at noon. The gun show was at the National Guard Armour on Saturday and Sunday. It's really sorry you missed it. Stupid. Do you miss it? Yeah. There is Jose Padilla. There's Alberto the torture. Oh, they're operated in the United States. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say, you don't believe it. You're a full of crap. Uh, so anyway, we're getting back to Jerry Falwell and signing on to Friend or Frulders. Month, Fulva urged the 500,000 recipients of his weekly Falwell confidential email to draw a line on the sand and resist bullying tactics of the ASA and UNO, other to intimidate school and government officials by spreading misinformation about Christmas. Oh, gee, like I said, I'm sure of Santa brings me something good as Christmas. Standing on the other side of that sand line, our religious liberal and secular organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League, who's national director Abe Foxman, boy. Recently, the Monday religious rights efforts to Christianize America. This antophefrichose had these groups want to push in the classrooms more, said Tammy Holtsman, I wonder if he's kind of Paul Holtsman, assistant director of the Anti-Defamation League San Francisco Orifice. There is no war against Christmas at very low in the American United for separation to church in state. There is no G-hat against Christians. So there's nothing going on around Christmas except these groups insist and fundraising. How this season of the whole whole whole evolved in the friend or foe says Mo. Those are the nations culture where they've pushed in the season of giving. Each season, and again, this goes right in line with I. Paul today. Just create some good hate. This is supposed to be the season of good cheer and yada yada yada and given gifts and everybody loves each other at least one day a year. No way. No way. Each side of Montescalis actually represented in the round the nation's winner health as public schools and government spaces. And if not, it'll sue. It's a sad day in America when you have to retain an attorney to say Mary Christmas, it might be Johnson and Lance Defense Futter turning in Louisiana will push the Christmas cause. He's pushing it. Okay. They're pushing it. It's not enough that we've got like 75,000 hours of Christmas programming and Christmas carols and all these glamour like trying to force their crap on the rest of us. No, not their pushing Christmas. Organizes as a Christmas campaign. Say many Christians feel agreed by the secularization of the season. They say teachers feel too intimidated or lost students to sing silent night in school. And they believe cities have every right to place an activity scene in a public park. Now, can we play silent fart anymore? It's got like that little, it doesn't really have a fort sound. Yeah, yeah, just go for it. Well, if it's not. No. See that goes to share right there. Yeah, go for it. What do you got to lose? You're $2.5 an hour? What do you mean? I got it done button. Go for it. All of the words you're going to dump it every time I find the do that little like that. Both activities are constitutionally protected. Christian groups say provided the kids also sing secular songs in the cities put up nine religious holidays plays as well. The kids are going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They're going to find their children. They even Josh is very impressed by that on three days before things two days before Thanksgiving. I am. There's Alberto the torture of Gonzalez to indictment. Six hundred and six votes. Religion is a man made crunch for weak people. Two fifty two. It's not going to be important to me. I'm going to be a hundred nine. A great tax-free scam 103. Not very important in my life, 90. And very important in my life. Praise God. Fifty two. Much of people can't think for themselves. Much of Getsky is needed. Bad crunch. But that's okay. Enjoy it. Have a good time. Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Happy January, Colleagues. All these other things. People are dying. Innocent people are dying light flies. And worried about if anybody's going to celebrate Christmas. And enough to satisfy us. Enough to satisfy Gery Fala. And Pat Robertson, me, Mousses, if they want to celebrate Christmas, let's do a Hugo Chavez. And when it does, take them out. Take them out to the nice things that Thanksgiving dinner. And then, go to the pathway. I don't want to be getting some copy here. Is this now you send in a series of coming from inside? I am sending it to you. Wasn't that, isn't that sweet? Getting some new copy then. We can thank Miguel for that for going back there and butch and up. He didn't do like that whistling thing like stuff. Oh, would you guys please send him a copy? He's bugging me again. Would you please, Miguel went back there and said he's going to start publicizing all the stories from the strip clubs. Yeah. I thought, how to try some of the stories about the sales department. Especially one I can think of for the strip clubs. Okay. That's the bit we need to play right after the break. Forget about silent night. That's got too many of those. Too many of those in there. Now I could try to like a finger without here on the you know like I'm playing a piano where some of it. I'm not going to do that because I don't know exactly where they fall. I can give it a shot. Let's see. What? Probably not a good idea. This is, this is Josh Cortis is followed by the way. If there's then work. Okay, that's it. I know what to do. I was very good job though. Hey, that was good. I was in station. Well, I got a fast finger man. You ought to see the one I'm using. It's 1118 at 5.60. W2A and we got Mohour David and 2. We got Gully and Bow together in stereo for the 7. 30. It's hurricane warm up and of course at that time everybody goes by by North Carolina AT&T and UN basketball 730 should be at least how many people's in for that? Not to the man. But in Kaplan show. We're going to take a lot of calls now to pass the final gal but they aren't any on the board right at the moment. No, they're not. We always haven't taken a call yet today. Nope. Well, I'm sure they're all going to be great. Now what is this thing we got? Emilia Turkey stuffing. This is Cuban stuffing. Oh, I just want to make you loosen your glass. Barab and Thursday net. I'll tell you that. Start with a pondered lean ground pork, a pondered green lean ground beef, a pond a ground hand. Two peeled Spanish sausages. Oh my God. Season with 20 real garlic salt, a 10 year old Spanish olives splashed with mojo, Cuban seasoned sauce, as Jorge said, we're here and mixed all these things together. All of these are all of these things. Stop your bird so close. Season your bird with mojo. You can even see me bird with mojo. No, no, no. You can even inject into the bird by using a large morning or if you have one of those rompopeal things, one of those run the callos, the injection, the rejection injection thing. You know what I'm talking about? We keep stuffing the bird. Cook your bird and make sure you baste as you cook with mojo. Oh, mojo. That's like Jose Padilla. Okay, when you cut it out, like Terry Falwell says, too many damn goi and run around on the loose. That's the problem. I'm so nauseated with this attempt to Christianize America. When hell is it ever, whatever stop? No. You can't keep it to yourselves. Okay, you have to keep trying to force all your fairy tales and all the rest of us. We don't want it. We don't want it. You got it? We don't want it. Go pet in your craft. So go talk to the Jehovah's Witnesses. Go not third door down. Maybe a servant. Come any QAM? Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I heard you. Oh, God. Go away. Just go die. Just have somebody stuff him. Okay, and like put him on the spit for Thanksgiving. Come any QAM? Hello. Well, he's 39 minutes to walk back. I don't have a line. I'll prank him. Yeah, at least in my life, call us when you celebrate your 100th birthday next month. Shmuck. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was calling. No, yeah, I bet you were. That's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you were right. See, this is what Miguel wants. He wants four hours of this every day. And you know what? Fine. File with me. You know what? Problem is, is there anything called today? Because they got nothing. They got nothing. We don't have a pole. They can probably much of anything on to. They got nothing. They don't have the bird. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound. 5, 16, the horizon. The horizon is a regular line. It's very, very sad. Aren't you disappointed in depressed? Quite. How many QAM, hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. I was wondering. Did you look at the calendar today? So it's with today's status. November 22, is there some significance on missing, sir? Yep. It's the 22nd. 40 years ago, we had our last real president. As opposed to the guy who's in the office now. I just wanted it to, you know. I think it's a new city, but the president comes in office in January, not in November. January. I'm sorry? I said, have a nice day. Thanksgiving. Turkey. Wow. Two, I'm saying. You know, something we got to point. Where else could you get this stuff, huh? A lot of people would have to pay for material like this, like we give him for free. One of a kind. W2QAM, hello. I knew how you done. Great. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. I just want you to know that. Mojo is ready for now tomorrow. But we can't say that. See, Joyce, we got to say if we say, Hold. No, hold. Mojo is a product comes from Cuban, that's a bunch of ingredients you put on top of pork. But not bad. Oh, I got to see you making it over. Now all the time. Yeah, but I mean, you know, it's not a turkey. You know, turkey. You're going to turkey. That's a turkey. You can't put turkey. Mojo, I'm turkey. When I put it on. Backstays, he says, Put your mojo on the turkey, baby. I was signed by Mike Myers. Okay. I don't know what that meant. Good Canadian boy. Mike Myers. You know what we had our thanks to you. We last month. We don't have to patch you around with your mow. Maybe it's mojo. You know, the least games are on mojo radio here. Did you know that? Now you do. Not for anybody cares. All right. Mojo radio. That's a station of carries. The maple make the leaves games man. You better get with it. Not the fan. That's our buddies at the fan. They don't care. They care the raptors. The raptors at beat the heat. The other day. Pretty soundly. Two by the way. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. I'm just curious. Why is it that all other organizations can be the fart noises, but you can't. I hear it on why I want to. I'm good. I hear it. Joyce. Joyce. The one that one more answer. Joyce. I'm moving. Well, that's our thoughts on the TV commercials now. I'm over the network. I showed their fart sounds. We can't play him because. And because they're. Joyce and because our management are so weak. They won't stand up to that bitch. And they won't stand up for us. No matter. We get him a 40 year. They still won't go to bat for us. Because our management are a bunch of losses man. Well, here my tell my management. People comes in. I say, you're fair. And of course, accurately. So in most cases, yes. A great show. And I was at some see for years, but you don't. I don't know. Maybe things will turn around one day. I don't know. Maybe it's. That's the only thing I can't around. And blow a big one right in our face. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. A big, big, on-let egg fart right in our face. Pretty sad. But that's, you know, a busy broadcasting. Of course, they, you know, dial it around. They're what for well. They're not going to be a good show. They're going to be a good show. They're going to be a good show. They're going to be a good show. And so they put our license at risk. And so, not the rest of us have to pay the penalty for that. Even though we weren't responsible for all of those. We're not wages pieces of crap. That we warned them. Don't do it. Don't do it, pal. You got a long life ahead of you. I don't jump. And Josh still don't like that movie. So what were you telling me that George Clooney is going to be a maid for TV. Version of Network. If there's any movie, psychodin need to be remade. That's for Dan sure. And network sure is held. Yeah. We need to be remade was awarded a world that's right. Or fishing impossible. God. Well, that was not we make. That was like a TV show we made in the like a movie for the first time I guess. Hey, Tom Cruise, by the way. You're fairie. What just happened to the appolar here? Well, what? Oh, I see. Oh, no. Somehow I put myself on internet explorer. I don't want to do that. Enjoy the freedom of Mozilla Firefox by the way. Go to Firefox and get rid of our sport. And you won't get all that spam. And all of those viruses. And all that crap on your computer. Oh, God. And the post it speeds it up like about half a game as much. Damn it. Uh, it makes a difference. Okay. I said that just as I'm sitting here waiting and waiting. Yeah. I don't know. Usually it does. It just might today is a little bit slow. It's commissarating with Jerry Falwell for the Christmas holiday. It's taking a little time off. Maybe you need that new computer. And I don't think so. Why would I get a new computer? How long? Now let me ask you this since you're the maven supposedly. How long do I would I expect a computer to last? Do they've asked for like 10 years? No. I don't know. What's the reasonable time? This computer is four years old. And it just froze up, by the way. I mean, you know, my motto is if it works, it works. You know, every, you know, I don't want to do anything. I can do it. I just like to say me like the radio station. I say you should have told Greg that a long time ago before he screwed up the format. You're before he destroyed our lives. If it ain't broken, don't fix it. Yeah. Give me a timeframe. I mean, maybe seven years. Well, some of us would be perfect. That means I got three to go. Three years on my contract and three to go. A nice dinner or a community computer. No, the monitors, any city computers. Computers like an offshoot of some fuel with Packard one. It's not what is it called? Some bootleg fuel with Packard. Well, actually, it is fuel with Packard. It was the monitor. The one that died at the quest. This is like a some off brand, you know. It's probably about a target. On story, Jerry, we don't chop the target no more. Because they ain't Christian enough for us. They're christmasing enough for us. I think what we ought to do is have like a bunch of get skis. We ought to have preachers and priest and all that stuff. All the stories. Blessing people, baptizing people, smearing little water on their head. Can't hurt, right? Sure. Nobody ever died from a little smear water on their head. WDQA, I'm hello. You think the bus driver, take good? WDQA, I'm hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. I don't know if it was a doctor. We got to just hold you that. But I would say maybe five years on the computer. Oh, so over a year ago. Yeah. Anyway, it's interesting you were playing the deal from now work. Because I'm sure you probably have mentioned this. I wouldn't have let it do for the last couple of weeks. But nightline is doing it for us tonight. Tonight, yeah. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. Set's turn off. Right in the middle of the city. There you go. Like I like, just wanted to say, the world is a business with stability. Amen. Not so all it is. You got it. All right. You'll take care of it. Put in a religion business. Don't forget that. That's the best business. That's the best business. That's the best business. That's the best business. That's the best business. That's the best business. You got it. See you, pal. All right. And a religion business man. It's monkey business. And you people keep subsidizing it. And you get a man to hominit child. And you can't emancipate your brain from the brainwashing. Okay. Even toward my girl. There's probably sluff in his family the church. No. No. I know Josh Cordis ain't going to church no more. No. What are you laughing about? It's first of all the hanky panky you're doing. Would that girl friend of yours you got to be kidding me. You sinner. Yeah. You sinned my god. That was the girl wasn't doing that stuff before they have wedlock. You put it on a piece of paper. It made it legal. Hey, I was going to do that when I still was in prison. Yeah. I got news for you got to put it on a piece of paper. Make a kosher baby. This is a million. You're running a special year. You're all hot. Hold on. This is 5. 16. 2. Oh, Joe. You can love to see your address. You should morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. At school, a boy is told by a classmate that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret. And that this makes it very easy to blackmail them by saying I know the whole truth, even when you don't know anything. The boy decides to go home and try it up. As he's greeted by his mother at the front door, he says I know the whole truth. His mother quickly hands him $20 and says, just don't tell your father. Very pleased. The boy waits for his father to get home from work and grieve him with I know the whole truth. The father promptly hands him $40 and says, please don't say a word to your mother. Very pleased. The boy is on his way to school the next day when he sees the mailman at his front door. The boy grieve him by saying I know the whole truth. The mailman drops the bag. Open his arms and says, then come give your father a big hug. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. 11. 33. 27. All right. There's a hearing. I'm hearing. I can't take a big deal. I'm going to make a big deal about the ex period over the screen over your Tainee's face. I'm seeing this unfortunate brief graphic. CNN seen a man's email investigate. We can move it with a technical malfunction instead of on. But of course, miss. She's trying to get everybody fired at CNN because they had the audacity to put a big ex over to Tainee. He was an active guy. You have to think of that. You have to use simple. Yeah. Quizzling. Miss Fudge. Oh, brother. Look at that. He just put an ex over to screen out. What was getting ready to happen? And that's because they wanted to show where Mrs. Limbaugh plus this guy looks like Paul Sheafer. You're watching that. Yep. Does he look like Paul Sheafer on a bad day? Yes. You've got to shave. 5. 6. 7. Come on. Those calls were just starting to really build up to a fever. Pretty sure starting to get really good there toward the ass. That's right. Motuordinary. Do it on being here this week 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 8. 7. 7. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 8. 9. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 9. you as a dry say five six the am w q a m she says okay she says and then the next thing she says which sports for our which sports do you listen to I said all of them and then the next question she said I'm on the seven and which do you watch the commercials on the month Sunday because that they went to the run another station I listened to w q a m yeah and then she has to give her on a number of one to seven higher one to seven what the w q a goals girlfriend that's why I was calling because I've you know what I was looking for because you and I the same age you know somebody's running a scam you know you were an inch and we we've been around a block a few times we know that's right though we know that he nobody nobody ever tried once anybody as old as we are right she never asked me about music or I am I was that was your mother-in-law calm believe me that's a scam don't get the phone for the right in far for throughing up and tell her if she calls again you're gonna call a police I was right you know I just wanted to talk to you and tell you what she calls back to people I tell her your mama and hang up on just measure that's it okay buddy okay palies say a great day you too I'd like to I told you these calls are gonna get great what's not to like six hundred and seventy five that's not to like we had to be at seven hundred right now we got to get like seven fifty by the top of the hour for a shot of ten of hundred one thousand and if we don't get a thousand votes on a poll today you know what's gonna happen ourselves managers gonna go running around but you can't even get a thousand votes on his poll on you show what he wants us to sell that piece of graph show you know that's gonna happen right oh yeah piece of turd here's line nine W2AM okay that's the tattinies buddy eight off put a little eight out seasoning if you don't have no more so W2AM hello yes sir hey um that's not what's time it's not the about those number twenty second and the president you know I think what he was trying to say was this was the anniversary of JFK's no one is not was it number twenty thirty nineteen sixty three was it twenty second well you could be right I thought it was today was it the twenty second I believe so yeah I was in a six grade then it was well I'm didn't he's lying in these say that I don't know you don't have people get on the phone and they try and make long drawn out stories like yeah maybe this one but hey what one other thing well you're right it was November twenty second nineteen sixty three this is the what eight millionth anniversary of the assassination president Kennedy forty seven forty two but who's counting hey what other thing did you know I'll stay on the right A-more I won't stay but remember the two league ball just what Rick and Sejus to say standing for T-D and I don't have to say that anymore I'm for good no we can say bag and we can also say a douche but not together well I don't know that echo has come here every day that was bad yeah in November twenty second you ran so I apologize to you called me for I was very rude and I stay I don't apologize for that so I like being rude and I speak but that was the day that JFK was not being not finally hard we as well of course but nevertheless thank you very much for the facts and for the call that's right that's enough of that let's see here's what it says thank you for telling us that all those Christian groups of work out in target I'll make it my point to all my holiday shopping at target excellent and I'll go out of my way the rest of the year to buy everything I can to target made you at marriage or Smith goodie two shoes for me's right by the way boys damn what that uh that note on the JFK thing that was from Ray lady lift in her look like yeah all that thanks Paul that well we don't have like how many ladies let's not turn man I'm letting is no point in my continuing to repeat it because it's beating a dead horse man it's like beating a dead mojo there's no point six hundred eighty four votes on our religion poll today I've rest of your stuff of it and of course you see all this stuff that's going on right now that's a classic example of religious intolerance that's what really is all about mine is better viewers my fairy tales are better my god is better viewers he's more powerful he's gonna kick your ass you're gonna burn in hell my priest has got molest your kids all else other stuff you know stop already with a nonsense there's just like what about what a Pete Rose is going to Hall of Shame or not who cares two thousand ninety seven dead American soldiers based on a pack of lies and not another responses well now that we're there you know we can't go back in time and argue about whether was bad intelligence or just a presence of moron or did they do intend now we gotta worry about how do we get ourselves out that's why they call it a clagmire say that's what a clagmire is the gifts yourself into something you can't get out of and that's exactly what they did there's no honorable way up because they turned into a blood bath they turned a place that was you know under a very good dictatorial control by a guy that we put in there in the first place and everything was just fine quality of life they were living a better quality of life than any of the europe countries maybe Egypt a little but maybe not and a women certainly were better off but not now not no more because you let all these religious getchies most of them by the way are a reenience they're all buddies with the reenience you let them take control and it's pretty soon you have the eye at all in there and how come all of a sudden off my child a section honorable guy he's part of this government that we set up in there another one of our puppets and in the meantime just a few months ago we were like rating his apartment to get his computer records because he was feeding secrets to the name of a manions huh huh how's coming to me is not asking these questions you may need to use lunatics they're too busy talking about Jose padilla and a freedom floatilla oh sorry Miguel okay so many Q.A.M. hello Bill yes sir how are you good five and a half days without how are you storm I get my F.E.N.L. Bill and it's my year for this year then it was for the same period last year I would like very silly with that thing and I would put a novel of incentive right back to him you know funny you mentioned that because I just about did and I'm on the phone and they're asking me all the stories about my house and what kind of air conditioner I have and seemingly fans and washer and dice that I have the exact same everything that I had last year this time right there's no well you know when the AC comes back on the when the power comes back on the AC has to cool a house up I said it was cold after the hurricane right but those were open I said you know it said the weather was beautiful down here I said that they said I didn't open the AC till a week after the power came back out I'm like you can't logically tell me that my bill should be higher this year than it was for the same very last year after having no power for five and half days and on and on and on of it just not gonna but I thought it was like an estimated reading or something but no it's those strictly by meter reading I say let's put our new F and F P and L man F and it's unbelievable and it's just just a start now all the crap all that is a hurricane search our knowledge that it just is nothing you can do about it yeah well my favorite article of all of them was about how the PSC and the and here in the fact I got to write here utility industry in the public service commission have close ties no kidding they're all in bed together man or a bunch of crooks uh man they all show kind of turkey born on third day man well straight but I didn't like that there's a guy peeled it Florida Plunderland I'm gonna in fact inspired me to read that story when we come back and was Jose Padilla on the Freedom Floatia this phasing meal rosers this is five two eight in that power company you put the utility in utility Florida paradise in life there is a hurricane that grows machin when a storm threatened we can't unhoved turn our power off long before it gets here we've been arrested us tomorrow at the moon flow of exploding transporters providing us a historical perspective of nineteen fifty seven technology and if the moist heat of tropical darkness we've been in these had a reason our radio is broadcast your latest first release works out Florida it says your trucks and crews are ready to move from the Alabama State border and they're questioning everyone's mind it's all so as we search for the appropriate answer to how many SPL emergency crews does it take to change a lifeboat learn and power dice in life this third for you our message to folks at F.P. and I'll not the workers out there but the corporate executive to rip off artists is rotten hell okay F.P. and I'll be swell and aboding at the edge of telehassy a five little lone state officials are meeting coming months to decide whether to raise your electric bill the paper damage from hurricane will not the Florida Public Service Commission board appointed by your fan asked governor since rates and standards for former electric service and has a reputation justified or not for giving these industries exactly what they want electric and telecommunications companies make massive campaign contribution to these state politicians who choose the commissioners they spend millions on outside lawyers and consultants and made cases and further they commission dwarfing the entire annual budget of the state hired attorney who argues on the consumer side and some commissioners of history of close relationships and questionable contacts with the companies they are supposed to be regulated attorney general Charlie Chris you're fairer a republican candidate for governor calls the commission a lack dog in the industry the commissioners were either unavailable to come to the scum sentinel bell soft corp and florida plow and plunderland loot deny exercising undow influence on a commission as evidence florida plout of a loose folksman bill swanke noted the commission recently rejected the company's request rate 25 million dollar surcharge the paper repairs that its poor state loosely nuclear plan still and report this year on the financial strength of florida plunderland lives bonds the pitch waiting for him plays praise florida systemically constructive regulatory environment in a 2004 speech had utilities conference Paul Cutler treasurer of ffl group ink pernave ffl said our commissioners have really have a focus of working with us and a constructive way to maintain the financial strength of the company two weeks ago with many self-later residents still angry that we all were outages from the hurricane the commission improved an increase of at least 19 percent electric bills to cover a high-review will cost for power plants the commission consists of two law lawyers a management consultant and a former state representative each draws an annual salary of 120 thousand plus twelve years ago a commission resigned after revelations he was dating an employee of southern belt predecessor of bell south this year three court commissioners in a former one were accused of improperly accepting meals from telecommunications companies had a conference in mimey beach a state of thanks panel cleared them by retroactively applying a new law that legalized as practices the psc has been too cozy with utility said states senator nancy uh... argyziano i would uh... republican from dine alan who sits on a commission oversight committee they don't need to be wind and dying by the utilities if there's any debate over the commissioners are too close to the industries they regulate there's little question those companies are a good source of employment after they leave orifice of nineteen former commissioners at least ten became consultant attorneys are lobbyist for electric utilities or telecommunications companies just a coincidence i guess uh... they include former commissioner frank messes with now lobbyist rm c r world com tantan for electric former chairman michael Wilson by president for government relations of a field group and former chairman Susan Clarky lobbyist for ffl go follow company progress energy and sample actor company senate president tomley of brand new brand and whole what a place yeah yeah well that's your home in it it was why you think you'd be like uh... doing uh... the sprinkler mojo on a microphone mojo mac coffee senate president tomley of brand and republican courses pushing for the commission to be more consumer oriented said it's fairly obvious that the exit strategy for most of the industry's the work in the industry's they regulated Clark in Wilson can be reached for comment messesman said he never lobbies the psc itself was work for n c i and tant electric co one state of visual is in charge of representing consumers at commissionaries and his budget keeps getting cut one guy stand up for you people and they keep slicing them and slicing and dicing them with the wrong profile of vijermatic here are the cleanest the state's public council when ffl argues in favor of rate increase with the commission essentially sitting as judges the claim presents the public states against it the legislature is steadily cut the public council's budget it dropped from two points of million dollars and ninety eight to two point two million this year staffing fell from thirty lawyers analyst another staff to sixteen half otherwise about in half half the people go to back for you folks as there were like just a few years ago that's the kind of freaking state you live in okay they got you by the short here so you don't like it go to the competitor or there is a one-way to bad living the dark live with johnny dark a favor said death they'll take you to do those if they were open up again seven hundred thirteen votes a budget johnny dark hasn't come around pretty females since last time we're shined his eyes as he now good you even know who johnny dark is doing I don't what about Miguel's he gone already I'm here I don't know johnny dark isn't he across the street he is didn't we do this before the new kid's isn't that the guy a kid's oh he's kissing all right religion is a man made crutch for a week people two ninety five moderately important to me one twenty four moderate as the moderate religion is to get you a great tax-free scam on twenty two not very important in my life one or nine and very important in my life sixty three and they want you to know it they're going to treat they're going to break your arm to make you worship the lord they're going to make you see the light they're going to drag you along with him with them whether you want to go or not how's that let's go five six seven oh five sixty when i'm by the way speaking of the floor to plunder the lord i i hate to be the story you're going to go pretty soon are to be hope i mean pretty soon uh-huh and what appears to be the start of a lengthy battle between angry customers and the power company protected by government for many legal claims lawyers filed a lawsuit Friday seeking class action status against floor to plunder the loot it was the second time in two days that f.e.s. been hit with lawsuit concerning its response to the hurry canes maybe that's why they lost that game Saturday huh right the complaint filed Friday and dates are concorded charges utility in public service commission with having no rational basis for forcing customers to make thirty four million dollars to make up for lost revenue constant compensation at the offer the money lost because customers baked for days in the dark after three hurricanes last year this is last year another suit filed Thursday and brown accuses at the ill of gross negligence and it's faded appropriately maintain secure and protect its utility pulls and substations and whoever filed that lawsuit is slurder plunder loot spokesman and shield bill swanx that the firm's lawyers haven't had a chance to study either law suit could make any comment but they said they've done nothing wrong you know the nothing wrong the plaintiff's attorneys made face a difficult legal path especially in the gross negligence lawsuit which will need to overcome protections states given F.e. now built into the companies terror if the state of contract between the utility and customers is a provision that customers can't out suit and recover money they lost simply because their power went out virtually all you tell these are on the country are predicted by similar provisions stand vermin i wonder if he's canes stand bursting stand vermin ac at a were specialized unit told these cases says if you think about it electricity is used to power every business there is it will be pretty scary meaning risky if you were potentially on hook for losses in every business in your area that's why state legislatures have been pretty generous giving your steps into utilities most protections apply to ordinary negligence vermin said meaning a court would have to find that utilities conduct had been extraordinarily bad gross negligence that's what we're talking about that's exactly what the brown lawsuit hopes to show it legends that F.e. has routinely engaged in the practice of cutting staff to increase its profit margins for its stockholders like that jackass that call that they about well F.e. an awards for me remember that jackass yep you'd be died between what he called us and now we can only pray one of lawyers making the allegations Harley trope and co-council for a federal case that's gained $700 million for $700,000 accusing health insurers and gauge in a racketeering conspiracy to delay or deny doctors claims the other case to his hammering an allegation that the state is an accord job a peepord job handling for this largest power company boys there any doubt about that no Ronald Garralnick a veteran army plane of Sirton you brought the date case points out that F.e. now didn't even ask for the lost revenue money which will cost the average customer dollar sixty in a month or two and a half years P.S.C. staff were the ones who urged the charge the public service commission is the cost to protect the public public business and they didn't do what he said Friday they didn't even ask for it to public to well we had that story when it happened but I'll say it again F.e. an L the Ray Robber that they are didn't even ask for the Sirron charge and public service commission oh yeah how come we have we'll give it to you just ask for this and you got it yeah great the public baby gang rape is lots of fun just ask them all mice to help don't go to the police got even he's getting sick and tired of it and so what are consumers out there getting just nailed in the shorts air beach thinking time not that they have to put up with the aftermath of disaster then they had to get rated in two on top of it hey just pay a dollar less yeah that's that was it that will turn it all around 726 we got four minutes to get up to 750 then I think that I think we might be a shoe in for a thousand don't you yeah we're good and Miguel is leaving us thanks so much for whatever you did this morning for going to the sales department and kicking their ass we got some copy out of them it's a miracle I'm right the death I'm right the time no November 22nd the day JFK was shot and the day Miguel watched up the sales department briefly this is new rock this is five 16 I am proud you're not a Russian laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the new rock hey I'm gonna use the hour take aint for me tell me something we don't already know Mr. President Ben's our country is a war and our government has the obligation to protect the American peace tell me something we don't already know Mr. President and we are aggressively doing that we are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice we are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding we are trying to disrupt their floss and plants anything we do to that effort any activity we can do that is within the wall we do not force and I wonder how much you tell the truth tell the times and I mean that works in floss and plants in wash of America so you bad will address if we pursue something we don't already know Mr. President and we will do so on the wall and that's why you're saying there was a bad administration going to reach the top we do not force and that was there how much you tell the truth sometimes we do not force you to tell the truth your torture and I said that 1202 and I got a great article here about how Tony Blair had to talk to bush out of bombing L.J. zero but I can't do it because my computer is dying hey maybe you need to do it I think so I'm going to now what would you recommend I'm going to I'm rebooting now I can get that story and I'll read it right off the thing if I have to like any but it's it's obvious it's on this last slice because all of a sudden the last couple of days it's just starting to like do this a lot and then it's not the sign you know like it's gasping for oxygen yeah well plus you know you got the big bushing go get a new one yeah yeah like I said keep that one man no I I keep this one and what am I going to do with the thing completely brace not I can't continue this 55 60 bedtime stories every day and then you can't the scan that cash huh hey listen just keep that one get a new one right anyway it's a good story so Miguel is gone it's just us now and I think have a feeling L.J. he'll be back tomorrow I guess right yeah and Thursday I don't think he'll be on Friday now probably not because the word that I'm getting is that Friday it's just going to be let's see the Humphors working Friday we're working Friday that's it right no a mole mad dog Friday it who doesn't temper find four to seven a mad dog course he's got today off so he's you know and you don't want to overdo it and he's also got Thursday off of course so just picking and choosing whatever we can't anytime let's take a whole bunch of calls here while my computers trying to like our reboot all right I'll booted how many Q.A.N. hello hey colleague yes sir listen why would they call off the hockey game the guy wasn't right but it did he know he just passed out you know yeah my hamburger and I actually I don't know why they didn't call it game off they were all very shaken and shocked I mean the guy had like almost died they had to restart his heart that's tough man but those people up paid money go see a hockey game I guess they tried probably they were losing the national one-out and they figured things were going well so let's just cancel the game and maybe when we get things all you know things going again we'll come back and play him I actually did I didn't see the episode happened but I tuned in just shortly after it happened because there were only that one early game last time was national and detour which isn't I mean I could live without that yeah me too yeah but you could alright I got my thing back now let me get off this explorer because boy do I hate internet explorer I wish they would only go with the F.N.L. people okay run in hell let me get back on my firefox and see if I can find that story now of course now I gotta figure out where to how I found that story in the first place was probably on your girlfriend Lynn Samuel's fine website is where I found that story about how Tony Blair had to restrain the bush mice there he wanted to bomb Alza's zero bomb everybody man W.A.M. hello hey yes sir listen I had a radio accident the other day oh how sad yeah on another there's another sports radio station in town we're not gonna mention it but when I mentioned 790 in Joel finder no no not fine bird but the guy named said if you heard this guy no said uh love about Sid now oh my god it's 39 year old but the go go go go go go go go read read live if he had plant pants it'd be the spit nomenals he's a new York you down here on a radio station he talks exactly like more or he speaks exactly like a boy oh I saw my I miss when before we got kind on MSNB I used to see money I'm sure doing the sports but we allowed the York you think make it all a cool comments he talks just like more our David except the guy's only 40 years old so we got to get him some plant pants and a golf shirt and what we call that mouthy two-pay thing yeah then my car is new show you do the mascara rambalon 790 I'll get a weekend meal okay too okay I'm pretty sure I'm in with any luck it'll come on it'll pop out of that machine mine it's a good machine got to take some luck though so I got me a new facts and full all in one facts and whatever else this thing does in printer and copy or in etc and here comes that story maybe I'll press okay there were calls for a downing street to publish the transcript of conversation between Tony Blair and he was president George Bush and made claims that the Prime Minister persuaded Mr Bush not to launch a military strike on a TV station in a friendly herbs state according to the unnamed sources put in the daily mirror the memo stamps top secret records reports Mr Bush suggesting that he might order the bombing of all the various the zero studios in gutter they're kind of like that gutter religion that Louis furr comes always talking about gutter or is that guitar depending on how they pronounce it this way how about some of that guitar pasta you ever have that pasta all I get out of no reason they call that is the old Italian women they like cut the they take the strips of flour and it cut into like small pasta like things in like like an old guitar although I had dynamite Italian food that's not we're going to have that Carlucci's Carlucci's where now is Carlucci's the one I think there's a bunch of them but the one I was went to was on the machine yeah I think it's a train was on Andrew's and Cyprus Creek yeah Paul Pino it was heard good things about Carlucci's cookie cookie let's go to Carlucci's okay okay I'm glad to hear that nothing like Rome though but then again that's it posture was you're getting a time soon pretty much anyway this memo allegedly details how Mr. Blair argued against and attack on the stations buildings in the business district of Doha the capital city of better which is a key ally of the West and the Persian Gulf alges irides spark the anger of the East administration by broadcasting video messages from Osama Yamama and leaders of the insurgency in Iraq as well as showing footage of the bodies of US servicemen and Iraqi civilians killed in the fighting too much truth for the Bush administration to handle it can't handle it according to the mirror source the transcript records conversation during Mr. Blair's visit to the White House April 16th of last year and it might come a failed attempt to root out insurgeons in the city of Felugin which 30 US Marines died. A spokesman for 10 down a street refused to discuss the leaked memo off a lot of leaking going on you know it where's the urinating when we need her a lot of leaking going on but former defense minister Peter Killfore les leading laborer part of the Iraq war call for the document to be made public I believe the downing street out of published this memo on the interest of transparency given that much of the telepairs to be in the public so many he said it goes on it will be on the website tomorrow I emailed it to you work 758 votes in that pool we can make our thousand they would be pretty proud of that owner is that fat top of crap aerial sure on now he's going to be a liberal now right that's what Hermann Garing said to right before the end of the war 567560 pond 560 the Verizon and singer right here's that CNN national crap that put on again this is a joke this is a budget heading with a pretend like oh well this has always been on hasn't no WQAM hello hey you doing sir is it Neil sounds like me okay our if a compliment you're showing like a hero Tommy Tybly Tommy Ty you know if you're going to request a to compliment my show he was in compliment my show on the right pal how old I'm Tommy from Ty Tommy saying for the best high food and of that service as long as you're not black comment down to Ty Tommy or South Beach we know like black people don't keep well besides white black people are to eat Ty food anyway we're not have fried chicken on the menu oh wait I forget we have a spare ribs do change I call cut us backwards on me you they talk about them so if you're not black comment down to Ty Tommy come to think of it don't scam game people we know like damn either shoot it to food but they talk too loud with funny list they stop other customers no comeback so no game no black and while we're adding light and people you make reservation for 17 don't show up at 820 and it's for you table we give you some of our already lack of people always late no black no game no Latin and Ty Tommy and George people you stop figuring all of you who can't who have what pay with and go set our our side take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill we ain't know why you here no Jew no black no fact no human and white people you think you better than everybody else complain too much if we don't teach your ass you all know come back no white no black no Jew Latin or Snow game everybody else but the best type food come on down to Ty Tommy on the feast hurry before we have to close you know that's one out too don't forget no mo that crap we got mo it to the snap no one like it or not it's 11 pass no let's see what are the pants is play again tomorrow tonight is that a home game the devil's in town to play the pants is that correct and I look into the schedule right or not I believe so yeah all boy should be a hell at least there'll be a bigger crowd there than it would be in Jersey because the New Jersey ain't that they had that that's a team with no fan base did it say fan team worst in a year oh yes then you know nobody there and like I said before the show to you and I'll say it on the air and this is the truth what the elected are not the only reason that the Florida pants are still exist is because of that one great season went to the Santa Cap finals about 100 years ago in the old arena that's the only reason they built way that new arena the time because you have threatening to move to Nashville at the time or four-linder just threatening somewhere take up his balls and leave and of course the other thing is if they wouldn't have the new arena they'd have been gone many many years ago so they're still living off of that one year and it's a little bit still and moldy if you ask me that was that was exciting I will say that I was in hooked on even you got sucked in that we love the pants or it's really great if you're on the racks on the ice like a bunch of stupid morons you know just like that thing to be in the season this year when I talk about throwing the racks on the ice again remember the hump or give me that oh what they've asked the league yeah yeah ask this okay you idiots throw a bunch of crap on the ice that's the Florida FN way I chose you what they know about the game very sad come on it's past noon at five sixty wqm I'll tell you one thing that's so you winds up under flow and that's your hair on the floor down the sink down the drain if your hair is a silly but surely or maybe rapidly vanishing from the top of your head you want to get it back call my good buddy Chuck Alphairi for over 30 amazing years now not a lot of your has been helping the famous and not so famous look their best with the natural hairline system you can send a fortune and you go out there and buy a musk grader get the implants and have the blood grip and not your forehead take those dangerous pills whatever you want to do you cannot get a better look and piece at any price so this is all i went even the guys with the big bucks go to see Chuck Alphairi so the choice is yours and of course you have nothing lose but your balls but because Charlie's work is completely guaranteed it's time for a month for about 30 days that's 30 more less and if you don't love the way listen feels and smells if you're not getting an action up the old nose return it for a full refund make the call the day toll free 1-800 3-1-24-13 tell Charlie heard about here on the new ride you show me a special 200-hour discount after regular $800 price of that natural hairline system toll free it's 1-800-3-1-24-13 you're looking younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again 1-800-3-1-24-13 it's Charles Alphairi.com come 18 it's probably what George is doing most of this week this week he's been off rolling it's 7-87 votes on my pull here and guess what my computer's going to die right on the year please just go for him into this now Jerry Falwell's going to come down on your Fed as 7-87 votes on the pool and now look at through the show but it's like right in the death row this is sad it's like watching a like stepping on a cockroach and watching a die watching a wiggle around just thrashing and trying desperately to hang on to cling to life right yeah like watch one of the two of themselves people try to close a deal watching him thrash around and try to back out of it it sounds like this studio lately with your computer oh yeah yeah i'm trying to make you guys i'm trying to have my equipment be more like yours 7-89 religion is a man made crush for weak people 3-18 people said that a great tax-free scam 140 either one of those is very fine moderately important to me 135 moderate is in acumsy cumsa i could take it or leave it not very important in my life 123 and very important in my life 73 getchies out there for the 76 trombones we got 73 getchies in the audience who are really very religious and but we're caught tall and jesus and remoses and etc we're going to get to 800 like very quick because i'm figure we get the a 50 by the top of the earth and we got our 1000 like we got a lick man beginning our looks so what would you recommend what should i buy and i'm going to go out and get my computer i mean what what do you really do on your computer i mean do you really just go on websites because you don't really need to know what's on pornography okay if that's what you drive in that mr hot shot i'm okay in a poor know i'm saying you don't really need a high-end support or you do is i got port channels them been invented yet one i'm saying you don't really need a high-end computer and you won't what i get if i had big books is that what you're asking me yeah i would know i'm asking you what i should get now what you would get okay because let's no give me the song in advance you don't have time for computers anyway you talk a good game but you're too busy with weddings and uh got another stuff we can't talk about we don't have me you know well crap just comes up you know and i'm you know if i just comes up okay anyway but uh you know you you can get anything you can get a better healer packer there's another wrong with hp or ibn you know i like a a like compact you know like compact i have a compact i think it's just fun well what's wrong with that i got a compact and home i believe absolutely nothing i like compact a lot i like alienware computers they're really good i think you've heard alienware alien i don't want i don't want one on the English i want one that's bigger than you lace so i'm gonna do this we make a lot of difference just go and see when i share a big multi tasker like you play a game it really does of course not i'm not gonna be doing that right it doesn't make a difference then it really doesn't i don't mind playing games but not on my computer it's good serious so okay i'll grant for the show i'm gonna go because this is done it's finished and i'm assuming that even a schmuck like me because it's gonna come with its own eye i can do i've done it at home although with sometimes difficulty because i've had like 85,000 new computers at home every time when gets dirty i go out and buy a new one and sometimes uh and strong them can be kind of like a pain in the grass no what do you mean like plug it in no not so they are plugging it in plug it in can be very difficult no i'm talking about like uh getting everything working with post do i mean just stick in the day i've thickened it this it's like that's it's thickened my uh my uh basically a pico district my internet and that should be basically it right even an old old like click like through it man so cool old cool like me very user friendly okay come to the QA and computer central hello a panic mail yes sir how are you Neil sensational first time caller i'm just calling because i've passed uh a couple weeks ago i heard you speaking about the uh razors yeah and there is one out there that instead of having three blades and vibrating is got four blades and it's a lot better than you do. Yeah but doesn't have a gay play that's the question no but it's it's a lot better and you will feel the difference between the three uh i got news for i went back to my old disposable legend i don't care what judge court is pressing me so i'm gonna say that mega three multi a rotor uh vibrate and that's a piece of crap i'm gonna better shave with my disposable one out there that's okay that was just uh in one comment that i had to shave well thanks a me go thank you i think it was not a surstag there's no way i can get a closer shave than i get what it disposable Gillette a rotor or whatever it had a call that thing i mean i can't i can't believe that but i had a why why would i make it up good if i got stuck in it or something why would i make that i've never heard of anybody who they've first of all they're both made by Gillette so even assuming i'm trying to like plug Gillette both of one that you had me go out and buy what is it called the mp to uh three turbo a mock three mock snail razor with the uh with the it would a little vibrated and that's why you like it first of all you don't even use these so let me know about it i do i use it i rotate and you know whatever you rotate all right i'm the edge of the razor i think but i like literally i've never met anybody who who thinks a disposable razor is better you've never met anybody though i well first of all i don't want to have a very limited number of acquaintances i'll tell you that because if it's that let me ask you this what do you think sells more i'm gonna ask you this question what do you think sells more disposable razors or the mock mock snail about three not turbo i haven't closed you see commercials for disposable razors i don't and i don't so you're you tell me you really believe a razor that sells for like eleven bucks and a read and they ended pop in self-reliq about two three bucks of peace you know it's just pennies with a disposal razor unless five days of peace with even an old uh fart like me that's got a pretty heavy thick macho beard man and then no problem five shades of a shave of peace for pennies and i don't care about the price i got to big bucks if the other one was better i go out and i'd like buy four hundred blades it's it's that is good you don't even have the thing vibrating over your face that's uh you're you're it's a mine game okay for me it about to get up on the plane a mine game with you just like when you go to the stop machine you sit down and you get five times any of seven and the other five times is up on top or on a butter oh i came so close you didn't come close you had nothing you got nothing it's a mine game they're playing with your head i will forget about the turbo just a mock three you've got three blades at least you're talking about it disposable a little bit if you want you're gonna force me to go in the other room again to get that other pivot that you let pivot you can't get a closer shape with what he got seven blades i don't care me got four hundred blades okay i don't care you got many blades you can't get a closer shape than i'm getting with that i like it sumi okay i like hey baby how's it going what's going how's Brian doing five six seven oh five six and that's that hurry king crapping and you go back to the game against your canes and of course now there no longer the gangster canes it is the loser canes which of course their friends like the gangster canes a lot better because they don't care about that as long as they win it makes them feel better about themselves because basically i have no life w q a m hello w q a m hello oh i okay okay yeah i just want to tell me like real from under the full eraser thank you okay i need use oh he loves to hit and run and look if you ask if you want to take a pull on this i want to i'd love to take a pull on this i'm gonna do it right now okay i'm game i can't believe that more but you say you're one gay i can't believe that more people use disposable erasers these days okay with during the break i'll word this baby and then uh as eric and well i can i fact it take a look i guess i'm now i'll i'll just type it to remember something well how about if i just fact it to one if you a lot more direct and easy there you go okay i mean i realize you try to like go after that grotesque behavior on sunday with the stories getting under midnight the following day that was pretty weak now i will and how do we want to do it um what what are you prefer to you and you shave which do you shave with what what what what what are you shave with okay okay now what i'm doing the uh it disposable and i mean what are we gonna put just leave it to me i'll handle it okay i'm a cool master man i know my pulls trust me i know my way around the old pull business but i have 26 passed no i even know the old pull oh i know it's speaking of the purpose you see the new popo to so he has red shoes oh my god did you see that i did oh even old jib would wear those ugly ass shoes he's got like pink slippers on to stately he's got red slippers he's a fashion plate to new noughty hope that's a lovely thing he's got on his feet hey the emerald coast is Florida's number one age and girl may be phase rate about to get restaurant review and our every Friday to sunday you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster surf thermator style and every night is crap not fest with last-kin snow crab legs dungeon is crab and jones don't crab the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different i would man sushi as uh tarried red chow would say he's a moron the emerald coast also served new or steaks juicy in delicious cooked away eleven and handcar primary there's so much food they're just about pass out on the floor but on the weekends save room for dessert because emerald coast famous 40 and chocolate fountain is waiting for you you can end up your own strawberry as marshmallows other that can increase you can even stick your banana in there and don't forget the emerald coast for more childhood living cooking all their fine cuisine with only cholesterol freaking all oil no MSG had in no corn starch no headaches just a big flat smile on your posts so book your reservations when emerald coast relocations are in sunrise sunny out's beast and pebert pines for the emerald coast it's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight six now chicken little gets bird flu we got a red chicken little you got sensaloo i'm using a banana you saved you guys what I know I'm doing yeah and be haha of course why me why is it you can let all gets bird flu we've happened about you know you can tell the video that you can go wild see I think all I told you to do a Georgia in several months I think you start to affect you in other words you had this my am my epic view of the world and you think that everything that you prefer everybody else prefers that's Georgia's motto in life you know that the way he views the world that's gotta be the accurate way kind of like George Bush my way or the highway like Jerry Falwell said about Christmas for you to say that you can't imagine you never met anybody who prefers a disposable razor why do you think that when you walk into your like wall greens or you're supermarket and you go to where the uh... roi raisins are there's any billion disposable raisins and there's like one little hoax it now that it's got the mockery turbo and one next to it that's got the mockery uh... regular and then the thing with a refuel spritos in the right and there's any five hundred other ones with disposable raisins there's shit and there's you'll add and there's Wilkerson and there's uh... this and add and pick chicken big all right you can bake remember my part of the argument you see any commercials for disposable raisins and because they don't have to advertise them that's why because they got something new and more see this is the chef boy already think i'm trying to explain you don't you understand this is something more expensive so they can tell you oh it's more expensive therefore must be better so they must read and have you by the twelve dollar razor then by something you'd like to have it as an expert like two and a bucks right and i'll agree with that but like they are better there it's a better razor you have no great okay no hey i i just why would i tell you otherwise i try to for a week and a half and the first day i thought it because it was the novelty of the thing other or this is really neat you know in a vibrate and it's uh... cramp okay and on the other pool because there are some sure i need the options and i can switch it not that we want to get pushy here but look at the air nice corner air it he must be between sandwiches now and that's right it's twelve thirty already he's he's uh... he's taken a breather between his midday snack you're already had a couple lunches so there's the new pool i made a very simple for you but i did it so that you can get your uh... kicks what do you share with electric razor mock three turbo mock three non-turbo or disposal razor is that covered them at all i'd say so okay is there something else i left off no but no no guys ship with that straight razor that cramp anymore or what about wait a minute there's still our people and it comes in shock to you all fashion blades all fashion blade razor you better put that on there okay not meeting all the blades you never saw the steel blades to let and the ship that gets a permanent razor it's not disposable that's the old fashion razor that you open up and any of the slice of fingers with a damn blade and you make your face out there's still guys shabby with us and other comes a great shot to you and to me as well but uh... there people put the the old fashion uh... what i just say old fashion razor old fashion blade razor as in telegate blade so now we're okay i'm putting on a lot of them put on here disposable razor that's what i'm using i got the other one we're talking about right now i mean just about all guys they've the brown momma that you got by the way is very good i'm not gonna knock that i see the answer that yeah i've advertised a lot but that already what are you sure with twenty first twenty three votes that this doesn't prevent anything yet nine disposable mock three non-tribose six mock three turbose six electric razor two and the old fashion is put on there so so far are the uh... first twenty two votes nine disposable razor but if they want to be agreed with you they're mocking snow with a mock three and you know what you guys can have a house and it's here i'll put it in a real cinema open to even the slice of your fingers on when you open okay deputy q a m hello it's interesting that you use that date because that is also our birthday of our savior no it's hervendios oh deputy q a m hello two a m hail yes sir i have uh... shaved with everything on earth and the disposable are the best yes that's where do you not in that's just your you would do it because he just intractable and a man time he just he uses to uh... you know deal with the truth well in uh... i've been shaving must see for like uh... uh... uh... uh... about fifty almost fifty years now okay so i know there's something about razors and the disposable the pivot you'll get disposable you couldn't get a closer shave uh... if you're like to pin it on i also say my head and maybe if just you had a little more than peach bus he would agree with that that's exactly right what kind of a shave that he has to get anyway that's a very good see you there's a guy see making a case disposable he knows his stuff he's been around a block of few times you're shaving a peach closet off he might have a peach in shame at a girl beard and a week number one number two i've never seen a girl beard and a week in a week yeah i think you're spawning w a k you grow a week beard in a year but i've never even seen uh... uh... disposable razor with a glide stick as far as comfort and shave goes i i just i'll never understand you know what i think my computer just died again yeah just a fatal exception is occurred and it's presented to you continue and we'll continue i got a apologies i'm all a place they aren't some trouble there well this is exciting because i never actually saw a computer died before it wasn't just seen how psychic i am was not asking you before how long they last yes you have to play that i'm sitting right here okay w q m raise your central hello two a m hey the o i hold on to yeah i would court it on that man that the mocked re turbo is incredible is better than any disposable or that uh... track to the you found yeah oh bugger but bugger is maybe he's got a bus cut w q m hello hi Neil yes sir i keep running around seeing these bumper stickers that got a picture of an embryo on it yeah and it says i knew you before i made you god no i don't know is could i could have for child support to the female come if he made my children i sure like to get my money back excellent point you got to help send it in check is in a mail we're giving the bat online number hang on five six seven i think this thing is going to come back or what this is going to be a pin in the ass i reboot of this thing about how many times to not no this computer is at the ass and it looks like i want to those people likes to mess with stuff i must need to be replaced everything's working fine i believe leave it alone but i've noticed like i told you last couple of days this thing is starting to give me little signals that hey guess what remember to have a day the thing with the mouse yes see what i'm saying right now that was like a little message my mouse was given me a message w q a m hello i'm gonna be a pretty good rally and listen i don't know if you like front line on tvF the show front line i see that uh tonight on front line here they're doing the investigation uh the funbble after a uh wrecking the trip now the government's the responsibility should be pretty good yeah get a lot of people really depressed yeah uh listen uh and the old days i around thanks given you support for a number and uh love change man no chance you know what's weird is you can say it's hard but you can't make this right in you can kind of do one too but you can't put it on the air yeah but then the other app orange you can make that sound but you can't say it a little bit so i guess it's just it's just pathetic it's juvenile it's childish and that's America for you man it's where you said i go on you and i have a good idea and i'm in board when this merely okay you two pali yeah i think i'm going to die pretty soon you know what are you laughing about well i want good is better one of the two over global when the ice caps melt you guys are going to be drowning and stuff i'll be just smiling away in my box 89 votes okay now it's starting to get to the board where it is just statistically significant what are you shaped with the disposable razor's 35 mocked three on on turbo 22 mocked three turbo 21 so if you put those two together you are head 4335 electric razor nine and the old fashion the blue blades jillette blue blades your fashion blade razor are two two old funny studies now i would agree with you that's just ridiculous but nevertheless creatures of habit but disposable razor's i would point out still no more alone transition code okay so that's what you want to get it same thing and put this together okay my foot you're retto alright don't it i told you don't bother me while i'm in here either hello it's nicky moss oh mr. mouse good morning how are you what the hell are you doing to me nothing sir you're freaking killing me no not i'm gonna say but kill me call me every three minutes why did we move the practice sir you told me to move the bride and tell you what you want from this owner stop me no sir you said move the practice to Monday hey listen up wipe on the ball i'm at the decision you take the heat right you all go to practice okay how are we doing with it anyway hold on reman just evil shot the hell up i'm on the phone reman how is it yeah yes there was your question i'm telling you i'm going crazy over here between data Kelly and our Michael Jackson call me every three minutes i'm gonna go out of my freaking mind hold on hey you all stop me with it i'm sorry for all the more reman i'm reman it's what's this in my hand reman that's your penis balls my other hand reman that's a phone ball right i can't hear anything reman stop sowing the floor sorry i'm sir sir the moves are working out very well the practice is four minutes times what and what it's time slot we're so we even beating the double your beat fairly oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a raining success hold on a second remember that's the book what the hell he is doing with a harmonica really does not play a reman i'll give up things on your throat and get that blue burn away from me i'm allergic i'm sir over 25 million people sure i got that binder listen yeah you see me what i'm doing here sir you're on the phone i know i'm on the phone do you see what i'm doing it's you sure i'm in a relationship or quiet i'm wrong i'm moving my hands up and down slide aside i'm the puppet master i said you do it now fox is gonna handle all the stuff that you cut out the Michael Jackson interview but sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make them all that's not the pop that master me oh yes you know what's the hell you're doing now mission of law mode it's nothing wrong with a floor reman what's in my ear that you'll be this most my only reman that's the phone reman get out get out i'm sir killing me kill and me i'm sorry sir kill and me sorry kill and me 1248 okay what do we got 147 votes is certain like creative pattern here i'm gonna tell you i got some before you yes uh can we put on maybe like another option like uh because i feel like maybe disposable is getting some votes it shouldn't like what if people have like a shick like one of those quadros or something like that because if you don't have a mock three but you have one another razor that's like a brand name razor i feel like disposable what's that was a shick claustropho what does that it's like four blades you know i'm saying it's it's one of these brand name razors that people are using so how about if i put a shick razor just just a what i'm gonna shick also makes disposable razors that's not it how about a a multi blade razor my multi blade disposable did those are still disposable okay is that is that hey woman word and why not is this one like the turbo and it's like the razor part is permanent but the other part the you just keep changing the blades yes well then how do you just grab that i don't know oh shick well what do you call shick turbo there's a there's a shick claustropho I know we shick well i'm put that on there okay we care for all you're spelling well no it's spelling how do you want to care for all you said and the interesting part of all this this guy's giving me such a bunch of crap like i'm uh i'm clueless and at the meantime you're using the uh electric razor which almost nobody uses it's not interesting that you just kind of like skated by that and that that's all the only thing that's got beaten so far as the old fashioned blade razor that even old maybe a 90 year old guy uses that because he just used to do it like Michael Corleo and then go any Vincent shavin and godfather three but he old fashioned blade you know that was 100 years ago no yeah what are you shave what you're you're setting yourself up as an expert on closed shaves well good I mean I didn't you're still using the electric razor well that's why you I don't necessarily want a clue and if I do I go to the turbo I I wrote now when I'm what I'm what do you mean you don't want to close shave what is that your girlfriend's in the fuzz is that is I you know whatever whatever I feel like doing that day I mean that's what I'll do oh boy well i'm gonna tell you what a big shot I am and that is the before I go get my new computer which is on my agenda this afternoon I'm gonna go to my shoppers drug mart i'm gonna get the mock tree non-turbo okay okay there you go now is that also got the same as it I mean I want to tell you but wanting it is you shave with your mock three and don't make it vibrate that's what it's gonna be just don't push the little button is that the same thing same thing all right let me go get it got to be better than it's supposed to be really it's all I'm saying okay so now it's the mock tree non-turbo is the same as it didn't have a little bit on there's a button you're not gonna press that little button the vibrate that's all yeah battery little lighter I would imagine I see the one I closed that's it like that that's it oh man or could you say this in using other areas you don't want to say back home what do you say not see nothing 155 votes on there now let's see what are you adding on there I better refer oh I'm gonna refer so sure we get so true to a clock and this is a computer it's on its last legs man have you ever seen a computer die well I don't see what you're supposed to just add on there or I just I just am it okay refresh one more you submitted it maybe accepted oh anyway no full home a man is suing for over ten million dollars after the show wife swap exchanges wife with a gay man Jeffrey V. Bedford of Haleyville Oklahoma filed his ten million dollar for pseudomus muscobies you and oh it may be an OPE from a scowy a U.S. District court claiming that ABC television is led in by not sending a woman from a heterosexual family to his home in a suit against Walt Disney that's why played that Mickey thing the parent company of all ABC and the show's producer's RDF media Bedford claims that when he conducted a Bible study for the Haleyville Baptist Church in his home his gay wife in quotes invited a gay group as well but Bedford's who does not focus solely on his queeziness about homosexuality he also claims to produce use of the show repeatedly told him as wife was leaving him threatening not to reveal his rights location of eating participate Bedford said he became emotionally distraught to the point of becoming physically and mentally ill as a result he also blamed and produced use of the show for forcing him out of a college class Bedford suits the experiment in bus for metal distress at the end caused in medical bills chemical humiliation and birthment on the degree he seeks another five million for punitive damages and twenty five grand for other legal issues including breach of contract ABC spoke some of any ford insisted the producers didn't miss lead bedford the show has met the challenge of families norms he said more over the agreement between the credit for an idea specifically stated that the slops must be either male or female for claim there's no scheduled a for the on your episode i like that five six seven oh five sixty it's closed shave week the insurance shave you're turkey by the way before he's stuck in the oven here's why nine w q a n hello yes sir and which you should put up is other culture is there okay i use on the real code right that's really good actor i'm a good as really good when i don't have the new real go i lose the direct to the uh the one with the lubricating ship and i use that's it right i use that when i don't find the real for it may not forget the charge to them thanks that one is really really good i really like it for the disposable razor i don't think i don't know that uh cutting up my patience look quite well i think i'm a judge and regret it all the time hey hey okay so what is saying other uh cartridge other uh are you the razors i'll put that on there other cartridge razors i mean we want we don't want to leave anybody out ship clotter you already got one filament they will know uh disposable razors i might point out it's still in the lead with 86 votes it's in a big lead but the real right now we good changes up other cartridge resist there's the culprit was crappy uh red shoes i wonder what he saves with oh he's probably with boys q a and hello okay let's stay now this razor non-sits out of one to throw okay it's the same as the disposable lighter if you got a re-fill it it's a lighter okay if you got to put a cartridge on it for a blade and it is a razor then it vibrates the piece difference between the mock three electric thing in the mock three normal is $10 that's the big difference right one cost seven bucks in the wall will be electric thing and it cost 17 for a battery up where it's in your case the other thing the other thing you can't find razor blades anymore unless you do them for like uh drugs or stuff and because uh it doesn't sell the old time pressures anymore you know no i have no i am here's i mean i have to be at five people i said a easy old-fashioned blade razor maybe they just need to use the same old rusty blades well the problem is simple rusty razor but they gotta go to some drugs to order find the blades for them if you get a general like store like public or stuff like that it's gonna be you know the cartridge type things in most of the way if you don't always all razor it's not disposable so it's a razor okay thanks for straightening a suit okay what do you say yeah now that i'm completely confused yeah i don't know what it's cost it about something about the extra 10 bucks and i think you've got a phone but at least that puts him good money the economy up here i got the the mock three turbo maybe and it's vibrated i just i don't like it i use it the first couple of times i thought it's okay and then as as progressively i use it and i'm wondering about these blades yeah there are three of them and it's got that little strip on the top and i will say this this is not oh yeah you could slice yourself up pretty good with this i'll just give it a shot you could do it no but i i will say this i can't imagine that you could make yourself one of these now maybe i'm wrong about that is that correct or not oh yeah oh you can sure because you can there's one what's in a great while if you get a bad blade if you get like a oh yeah blade and then like all of a sudden you got like three of them spots and i don't know if they still make those stific pencils like they usually back in the day when i was a child and like when you got a spot where it's like bleeding because i believe like a stuck pig you know i take that plavics i believe like a stuck pig so i get like one of those little mix that you have to put the toilet paper on in it that's sometimes you leave the house and you forget you got it i don't know people are looking at you like oh god i'm clean i'm clean he's got sarsia something maybe quarantine yeah that's right i got George Corso disease what do you shave with i'm really these six votes pretty fast there and now we got our 1000 liq because we are like eight we're almost a thousand now i think over it disposable razor 69 aha the max three nine turbo 47 the max three turbo 37 the max selling on your yet the electric razor 26 uh just changing electric razor moved up to i've turned it man i'll fashion blade razor five the shit quadro three not quadro yet and the other carton raisers salimenty dose this is new rotters this is five sixty two eight it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon good morning americans it's Paul's Arves and my for news a man was scheduled to go before a firing squad for his crimes leaving before his execution he was asked what he wanted for his last meal he refused the meal come pleadley the next morning the man was brought people to firing squad when asked for his last request the man said he had none the general in charge of his execution asked him sir you had refused your last meal and your last request is there anything you want before you die the man thought for a moment and then said music has always been an important part of my life with i could do one thing before i died would you please allow me to sing my favorite song from beginning to end without interruption the general thought for a moment and then decided it was a reasonable request and ordered his men to lower their weapons and not to whatever up for the duration of the song and the man started 10 million bottles of beer on the wall Paul Harvey good day one all three kind of cute it was a Harvey crazy today huh yeah we got a new Paul Harvey's well he's got some cute crap you know 10 million bottles of beer on a wall it's good 234 votes on a pool and i think i saw the problem okay that's my sharper image alter groomer that i shave my head with somebody asked me if i used like a one of the disposable reasons to shave my head now i'm sure that there are guys who do that but yeah i wouldn't do that and a bet you have to be crazy to do that but you don't shave it yeah you got the bothers so there's a little bit of hair there a little bit a little fun yeah yeah well i see what you say in other words if i wanted to completely like boy i'm going to start with i have to use a look at a half the way over the way yeah disposable but i got my sharper image alter groomer sensation and that's a good thing what do you shave with 234 votes 81 disposable razors how do you like that and this puts here systemy before because i'm always the odd man out i can i don't know anybody who uses the disposable razor can i say something you might say whatever you want you might take a little fence to this but i personally have i don't know anyone who shaves with disposable razor now do you think that it's maybe people tad older like they're not they're not buying the new razor so that's just an old man's thing like look it maybe it's like Hank he doesn't want to get a computer it's he's just whatever in his time there were no computers you should never the point that you have always paid the disposable razor so i have not so i have not i've i've shaped in my lifetime i've had every kind of i've had brawn i've had narelco electric i used to use electric razors for a period of time and they're rough on your skin and they like tear and you won't get a close shave so why don't i use that i've used it out in the beginning i used the old fashioned blades like every because that's all i was available and i want to come out with the disposable razor i started using those and i've graduated from the really crappy disposable look you'll let me see different grades of disposable they have the really the blue ones that are really garbage and now they got to new the with the loops strip and the uh the whole deal on there the pivot and these are great i'm telling you you haven't even used these new ones uh huh you're right i'm all in a side you haven't see see you don't even know what you're talking about i've been supposed to me which i've used virtually the day that you told me to go get this box read turbo razor i raised across the street and i got me one and i used it and it was uh okay what do you want me to do you want me to shave with the disposable razor i i don't care what you do i don't care i don't care i don't care if you don't you don't do like your castell and shave your nuts i don't care what you do it doesn't have no consequence to me but i mean you like to you're like yours you like to argue that the whole world is like through your eyes and it's not the way we're saying now it's like an old man's thing only old men disposable razor i'll shave with disposable razor maybe i'll have to do the pull over again uh i'm i'm under a 30 and i shave with disposable i'm all far you know whatever i'm not going to do that the next guy who calls it and says he used disposable last come out old days you don't you believe that there's anybody under what under like 50 that used it as disposable razor i i've never met anyone well let me ask you this what is George use this George use the turbo the what the mock three i've no idea but uh i don't think so i'll ask him how about Miguel when when he comes back tomorrow when i'm at holiday i'd translate what during this break i'll go see who i can find yeah go ask go ask Tommy Tommy see i'm punk he's a you know okay hot smoking uh guitar play in uh whatever i have punk okay acid drop in heroin shoot and whatever he uh go ask Tommy when he's a shaving a win i can do that god yeah i'm trying you guys Robert Greeper but i only want to go there i think he made it either he's still probably mommy has to shave him like very jackass oh you know the most important story of the day that's getting a huge response on our website i'm not doing yet a teenager has been charged with indiesan exposure after he was caught trying to have sex with a female mannequin i was played in arts center yeah red that good stuff security guards found in the name his name is just it's just outstanding security guards found Michael plenty horse 18 sprawled with a dummy on the floor with his trousers and pants down maybe he's related to be the cross these he sounds funny horse to me police spokesman Lauren Mcmainis said there was inappropriate activity between him and the mannequin that's the only way no how to put it i wonder what appropriate activity would be between him and the mannequin guards said they had noticed several times before that the dummies closed it been removed at the center and sous false opticota at least it was a female done in a dummy anyway the story had the picture it convicted plenty horse maybe registered as a sex offender hope matchin of the prosecutors department said people might say it's relatively harmless but i'd certainly wanted off this person was my neighbor hi neighbor Michael plenty horse that's a huge story i wonder who was using a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon and singular wireless lines you get so whipped up to a frenzy because the whole world is like uh see i don't give a crap on anybody does if you want to shave with your finger okay if you want to shave with a knife out of the kitchen cover what do i care you know whatever makes you happy what is it to me you know it's like all these people that are busy judging what everybody else is doing you know if you want to share with electric razor be old fashioned and stupid i mean go ahead 89 disposal even after we're putting all these other things other role uh one of the cartridge and the shit clock to it still disposable razor still winning by the way uh rolly from promotions it walked in he uses a mockery yeah that's one down well who knows that i don't even know who that is rolly does promotions from a rolling my ass okay i don't know who that led is how about somebody i might know somebody of course that wouldn't be too many anymore that we've got that revolving door down stairs just spinning around like a dredil and heat like a like a top WQOM hello pretty good palmy 46 is old that i use disposable razor right on the box i feel like that right off the bat thank you sir thank you and by the way Josh would like to say you're fairie you must be a gaiting huh either it's old people or game people or any of anybody except Josh nobody underneath about using disposable razor okay get with it and additional which even ones you're talking about these mock three and mock smell even these are really disposable razors because it's only the and only the handle part that's like permanent you're still you're still tossing away to the inflades so and you're not and you're not using them any longer than you are the disposables see that's the difference you're not using them a bit longer how good would you say the how many shaves for the mock three the turbo four five realist you know I do like a week okay go and that's that's stress and I'd say four five well that's a disposable the same thing with a gelette pivot man four five reading good nice close shave and you toss it and you pick up another body a little plastic thing out of your sack god double the QAM hello you're the answer disposable razors all the way that's these guys for you you that's that's that's that's that's right now you're saying that's not good to you and I will ask you another question yeah do you like the peploni or the bologna yeah yeah both double the QAM hello 42 and use the mock three turbo oh my gosh if you all far said once using that mock three okay thank you 42 that's an old QAM hello yes sir 35 years old and I use the smoke-related oh all right okay thank so there you go he sounds like a hulu too he's not afraid he's not worried about his masculinely being challenged like Miguel if I this last guy probably uses body wash too probably the pink stuff not afraid what anyways gonna say who's gonna see it anyway who's gonna see it his wife gonna see this lifefully me she already knows whether he's macho or not or it may be like borderline you know what's it yeah she's probably got by a pretty good idea unless he's naive like that bitch on her out of that time okay well she started in suspicious when she realized her husband didn't have the right equipment but other than that problem it's after one at five sixty it's the razor war is a QAM we could we could fight about anything on to show we could have like especially in South Florida have a blood bath over it I'm going to ask her in the break now do you think they still make uh somebody I think somebody are we told me they do but I've never seen them in the drugstores what the statistic pencil you know what that is no I don't it's like you know like a like a magic marker okay and you take the top of it and it's got like um you know what the consistency of mock balls is like a surface of that yeah and it's that kind of a thing and you put that onto the spot where you nick yourself and it like heals it up right away without having to put like toilet paper or um that's clear it's on huh that's good it is good but I don't I don't think they make him anymore man we're pretty good as opposed to have the blood dripping down your you know chin all day long 12 minutes after one at five sixty w QAM truth is when you dare to compare you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA and it's not for the only four years of this shop that is armistral and for the homestead and the holidays are upon us maybe your car was damaged or maybe just wanted to create new ride well now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let it put you behind the wheel of a great new armistral on Ford right now it armistral on Ford home city got some great offers and incentives get a thousand dollars cash back or financing is low as zero percent on a four five hundred or three star get five thousand dollars cash back on explore expedition how about two thousand dollars cash back on a four to escape and twenty five hundred dollars cash back on a focus certain restrictions apply when you buy a four from armstral on Ford you also get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program too that's right tires and batteries for life you won't even get that with that razor David Rich and his staff at armstral on Ford home civil guarantee the best price and don't forget armstral on Ford home city is locally owned and operated they'll feature like family because they want to make you a customer for life no bait and switch no BS just the best prices anywhere so call David Rich at 305 24751 12 and tell me what the Neil deal armstral on Ford home said 307 25 south to Xie Highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 36 check out the web armstral on cars dot then drive a little bit a little extra maybe but save yourself thousands at armstral on Ford of home state this is Neil Rogers this is five sixteen time at the lab the wrap all the slime all the time but I think a daughter and a flight to dials a leg a year it's the only straight choice you may have been booked for promotion and there's these devices yes this is specially resemblance to my man If he does, we're in trouble. What? Too much stress. Lay him in. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Shut up. No. No. No. No. No. No. Everybody's dead, but it's great. At least we have George de Gaida. He was raised in the hunting northwest. George, who is bestier than with him, a surviving nature. Did he really do now George? No. I'll find out. But we have plenty of water and provisions if we use them wisely. If you put up. For right over me. Hey, who's your problem? Or did you take all the water? That's right. And the piece is too much. What did you do last for? Because I'm here. And it'll not have to be here. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. A little bit away. I'm just saying. Well, let's be a civil shepherd about this. What? He needs to be comfortable. How's that? Well, you know who I am? Of course. Well, what did I have to live you? Why you have to know? What's the big thing? I think it's blood and strip his hide for food. Now, see here. I ain't no delicatessen. You know who I am? I'm more heavily-navoured. And I made my bones. You know? We can make a necklace out of his bones. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, shave, Mo. One 18-acute and we got almost 300 votes on there. Our race since we changed this pool. Man, they're like all over. Let's think on Greg. Are you ready for this? Yes? Okay. Tommy. Mark III. Yeah. Mark's now Tommy. Billy the sales guy. Yeah. Mark III for life. What do you mean for a life? How long have they been making it? About five years? Yeah. But he's that mean. You're like. And I got Robert Greeper. He uses a Narelko electric razor. Well, that's like yours. And your boy, Kenny Maldon, uses a shick disposable. My boy. Well, no, what does that mean? Kenny is everybody's boy. No, no. Kenny's a great guy. He uses disposable. I don't know what's right. You're trying to say is because Kenny's an old fart like me. Therefore, he uses it disposable. We've already picked that up too. We've already had the calls on here. One guy 26 and the other one 35. He's a disposable. And you're again trying to like project your whole attitude about it. And everybody you're age. You're wrong. I'm just, all right. I just, absolutely freaking wrong. As if it makes a difference, which it doesn't, but nevertheless, you're wrong. Like, I don't think it makes a difference with the callers. Because they're going to agree with what you say. No, they're not. I'm just having everybody who likes to say the callers. You're going to whatever I say they're going to notice we're going to say the opposite. Or people are proud. All the people that just said that they used the mock three. I said, you know, anybody who's a hero believe that people will call in just now and said they're like 26 and 35 and using disposable raise. You don't believe them. They're just saying that to make me feel better. Is that what you're saying? I'm saying you'll get some calls. Yeah. Yeah. Call this. How many Q.A.M. Hello? Deal. Yes, sir. 31 year old mock three. Okay. I got one more comment for you. Sorry. Last week, you and George were talking about Jennifer Anderson seeing one of those over eight of girls. I got a little bit of fear. Sarah Jessica Parker. Ah. What the hell is that? She wants to switch from wizard to eyes. Yeah. No, see the face. Don't talk about her while you eat and pal. It's not a good idea. All right. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to become a red back at you. Come to Q.A.M. Hello. How are we? Yes, sir. Yes. Just calling it so bad. Yep. What do you want? What do you want? If you want. Okay. That's the whole. Hold. Hold. For one. Not too bad. Okay. Still still living in breathing out of sport. See. Now, what do you consider old? Because you're a punk. That's not old to me. I don't care. 40. 40. 40. That wasn't old to me. In fact, anything is young to me. At this stage of my life. God. Okay. This is possible. But again, he was probably just saying that to make me feel better. And you're doing great. No. Who's the guy to say when you are in the court? I'm in court as a punk. Okay. That's correct. No. I agree with him. I agree with him. I agree with him. I don't know anybody who uses this. I have that to use in my times. Whenever I go, I've left the house without shaving or something. Yes, sir. The emergency situation. Exactly. But early in the streets, I tell him about keeping things. If they broke those six, basically. Yeah. But as you know, all these young guys, like, are 10-to-come-old or mock-free, mock-4, mock-77. They're all the days. They're going to keep the occasion. I use it. One called a Gillette sensor, Excel. Yeah. It's got like a pivoting head and also the blades kind of bounce up into hell. I don't know. I like shot. Like the blades go back and forth a little bit like they give way. I guess that's not helpful. Hello. Yeah. Like that. Yeah. I've got prevent, you know, the cutting and the nicking of the face, because I never get nicked. But I don't have a real course beer. I only shave like every other day. Honestly, when I'm not, you're not qualified, man. But you're not even a day. How long do you have? I'm 35. When I think I'm only shaving every other day? Yes. When I have to do you. What does that sound like? Yeah. I don't know what that means. Oh, brother. When I've had to use two four razor, I find that the blades are not as good. Like, like you say, they should definitely do it. You can tell we're good. Seriously, I'm not trying to pedal it. But if you tried to gelatize the new pivot one, it would be, um, uh, it's got like the strip on it. I don't know the last time I've been strip. It's a good news. If that's good. It's all that's cry. I agree with this. Crap. It's bad news, man. Don't shave without you. We turn your brains on. Try to do the new. It's a great. The black man is great. The blades are not good on those. Like I said, they only last for like a couple of days. But what the ones on the disposable cartridges from the bullet, pencil that I use, I think with that thing like, I don't know, 30 times before I throw it away. And I don't know. Excellent. Well, sorry. I like it. Use it. See it. See, I didn't even try this one. I did a good news. Oh, god. That's older than the thuslaman. And this guy's 35 years old. He's talking to me with good news. You know what he's talking about, right? Right. Those are bad. Oh, I would, I would, if you would have said that, if I was shit with good news, I'd jump right out to window. I'd kill myself. Those are bad. But he hasn't tried the new blades. I think this guy sees every other day, maybe he's a blade. You know, hey, WQAM. How? QAM. Leo definitely 35 years old. Why not use the disposable. No, different than anything else. Hey, man. And now I'm saying real quick, I've all had the one trying to call you. Have you often to listen to Jimmy Fuffa lighters? I haven't seen him yesterday. I heard some of the little lights on the NFL network there. I was there showing a little light. Some of the dolphin paper game for my week. You were told somebody called him Jimmy syphilis and I kept thinking to myself, do fair real quick. They are really good. They're not good at it. Absolutely unqualified. Didn't they pick the perfect of that station now? Ok, I have a great day. Well, let's call him and do some funky things today. And I'll look by the way. Yes. Troy Stratford, mock free. But after years, probably, she has his head with a two. Hey, Troy. Yeah, when you finish him in your head with that thing, amazing where you could stick to that. Um, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, I'm the Verizon singular wireless line. Like, like, I'm going to throw a strand for it. By the way, got me into bind as dial, body wash. That, well, this is the greatest. It's okay. There ain't no big, no, no saying no saying. Just another body wash. Just another bottle on my shelf, which quite frankly, I didn't need one. It's all right. It's got like a little purple beads in it. That's right. Are you the guy or is it Miguel? It gets all nervous about this little moisture being. Yeah, I'm not a big fan. Well, why not? I don't know. It feels like I'm washing myself. That's the idea. It's a spray to match the other way. Right off your body, baby. What do you shave with? 331 votes. What are those are pouring in on this? This is something worth getting really aggravated about. My raises better than yours is then. And it like that, you know? You're a funny guy. You're a shame. No, the good one in the con. Glad that guy said good news because the good news is bad news. That is bad. Woo. And then those were some of the first really disposable raisins that came out. I mean, you know, there's been a lot of time. They suck. What do you shave with disposable raisins? 107. The mock 3 non turbo 73. The mock 3 turbo 67. Turbo. Electric razor. 52. I think I'm going to like dull the blades. I keep sticking on the end with my other cartridge raises 14. Ship, quarter of three. And oil fashion, blade razor, nine. Oh, we probably should have put the old straight razor on. They're supposed to be a razor. You know what I mean by that? I'm going to use an barbershop. Yeah. But when I get the ladder going on your face, then they head that. Then sharpener, you know, what would you call that? It's like a belt. You know what I mean? Yeah. They use that film some barbershop. I know they do. I know that. I think of course, I don't have the barbershop. I have the barbershop. I saved my head. But the barbershop here was a great barber by the way. But they used that. They take that thing. And you think they're going to split your neck or whatever? Yeah. And I think it's just a sharp. You could just slice your. Kishki's out with that. 20. Since everyone's sticking to slicing your kishki's out. Don't forget. Don't throw them. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 2A. He wants you to know that all of our poultry has been tested in the world's finest round retirees and is absolutely avian bird flu free and to help ease your mind every piece of chicken will be stamped with this picture of a little bird lying on his back. It's the stick that could straight up in the air surrounded by a circle for the slice through it. This has you that the meal you get at KFC is absolutely avian bird flu flu. It's a great deal for the next several weeks at every KFC. We'll have medical personnel standing by and every event someone kills over and front of their bucket of chicken. We'll be able to check them right in there. We got worried about it. What the bird was going to get this fella was all over the years. A green, blue, and clogged his auto-easy-games. They're going to get more of a tank. So no worries. Hey, no. At KFC, we do cholesterol, right? 135, 16, 72, and we got 345 votes. Isn't that like almost not curated off your seat? Yeah. What are you shave with? Here's the great controversy of the new century. 345, this goes of over 30 percent, over 30, 31 percent. That's a loop point. About 30 percent. A mock 3 non-turbo 77, the mock 3 turbo 70, electric razor 52, I already put it away. I'm not playing that with that normal. Other cartridge raises 15, old fashioned blade razor 11, and the ship quadro 10. I did just call George. You call George? I did. On a day off on his week off, you're bugging him at home. That's all right. The only reason you're telling me is that because you use the mock 3 or something. No, I'm giving it to you. He's disposable. They're giving it to me. He says he buys a big bag, like the 100 bag, because everybody in the family shaves and they all use the bag. Everybody in the family shaves. The little baby shaves, the women with the legs and all of that. He's like, so I just buy the big bag and everybody can use the disposable. I'm including himself. I see. He's got a bunch of them. He's not like a big shot like you are. He's got a life in two kids to support one, one and one unwanted. Well, I mean one wanted and two unwanted. 560560, 560, the Verizon and singular wireless lines. The great razor controversy. I wonder what, do you have a favorite? Dominic QAM, hello. QAM? Yes, sir. Yeah, I was 35. I used mock 3 definitely. I went to Boston last weekend, tried to use a regular single-to-one. I was like, it's foldable. I was just honking flat to meet up my face. Just in time for Thanksgiving. Good practice man. Okay, thanks. He's reading where he just sliced the turkey. He sliced the bird. He was sliced. The chunks of skin off his face. That's beautiful. Crunches up a lovely image. It's very cute. QAM, hello. Hello. I want to take a meal. Speaking. QAM, hello. I used the mock 3. That's nice, choice, of a blade. I tried a bunch of turbo. I'm just a regular to test out it. The turbo's very, very wide. I just cut a funny, I used the way, the three turbo does a third job. It's just over the five, race, and whatever. I think you're like a library. No one's the nervous laughing, you like the library. Nothing wrong with that. We won't try anybody. But really quick. It's kind of funny. I'm a bit like a quadro. It's a quadro. It's a quadro. Yeah. For the chicken's actually right. The piece of chicken junk. Okay, thanks. I was with the CK. He said it's a business shape. That's right. That's fine. You don't like it. Well, maybe that's why I said last place right now. Now, what exactly is that? I don't want to have to go in a four blade. Yeah, but it also does a library. I've never used it. I don't know. Does it like right stuff on a wall? Does it spray out like magic? It looks true that you can see what's the life? What does it do? Who knows? It could be a laser. I don't know about you, but what I shaved. All I want to do is shave. I mean, it's not the most exciting part of my life. It's a pain in the ass, but when you have these disposable, you can do it so fat. I'll say that too with the other one. I got to be fair. The mockery turbo. It's a fashion. But it's about comfort too. Because because the look, I'm trying to tell you, so you admitted already you haven't used these new gelatto gray ones. Okay. I am telling you, if you just use them once. And you'll see it's like the difference between day and night. I am telling you they're phenomenal. Right years ahead of the old gelatto. That's crap. Really, in fact, you know something, I went one day. This is how much I hate those older ones. And I'm not talking to even about the ones that I said before. What were those? Did you like the bad time back then? No, I got the other ones that come like in the little plastic, the cellophane case. And because they didn't have the good ones. And I looked at those and I thought to myself, you know, I'm not going to use those. I can't, those are horrible. So they're still sitting there in my bathroom and air. And I went there and I stayed at a different drugstore. And I got me a bunch of the new ones. They're the great. Why would I tell you they're great if they're not? Well, what have I got to gain? What was the point? Like I know something? No, no. Shaving is not like the world's most enjoyable experience. Whether it vibrates or not. Okay, all depending on course I'm where you're sticking it. How many QAM? Hello. QAM. Yeah, but after noon, I'm from you. Yes, sir. When is this? Twenty nine. I use electric razor. A electric razor. Oh, my God. My thing is, I want to know what he said. You're not using the other guy. You was on the door. I want to find out what he used it. What time? Oh, what more uses is all of that. You will find out. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. Yeah, maybe he'll come and tell you what he uses. Oh, he's in there yet. I'll have to ask him out. He might be. I haven't looked in the studio. Now, we're interesting to find out about the head shaving. I'm using QAM to himself. See, I'm curious about that. Because the one good thing about that sharp arrangement, which I use, that's a great piece, by the way. I'm having great, for ask Howard. What he says with. Oh, you don't want to ask him to write. I don't want to say. I have to have an intermediary. I thought you asked him to write about the teacher that day. Yeah, you know. But you just rather have a buffer this time. I don't blame him. WQAM, hello. We have to test the waters and see what kind of movies in QAM, hello. Uh, what do you think is ugly or Larry Bird? It goes to Gaki. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That guy was psychic. Can you believe that? Can you believe it? Oh, I believe that. That is a psychic color. I cannot believe that. What is a Gaki? So, Kaki. We tell you, see what tomorrow's poll is going to be. That's phenomenal. Hello, we already got it. We got this poll on there for like this one stay in for a while. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Sensational. I think Mo uses Nair or Lady Shick. Ha ha ha ha. Come on now. You're fair, but that's seriously. I use the, what's the one, the one you just mentioned, the popular one. I can't remember the name because I'm nervous. That's right, but there's a place in downtown for a lot of, a called Meantime for men. They do an awesome street shave. So, like 20 minute process. You got to check it out. It's unbelievable. Okay. So, get on over there. Okay, thanks. Now, get on over there right now. I wrote it there in Toronto. So, now, I'm starting to say though, but the guys that shaved their head bald completely bald like Mo does and the Troy is that that, well, it's got to be. There has to be a regular razor in there somewhere. You can't possibly do that with like an electric piece of any kind. I mean, I, there are times if I'm in the right mood. I mean, I'll shave mine about as close to completely gone as possible because then being lazy, then you don't have to do it again for like three or four days. But it's just, it's still always a little fuzz. Which is good. I rather hand the fuzz. What's wrong with having a little fuzz up there? It's great. Nothing. Fuzz across when you're in the winter time, which is so bad. No, what's the temperature is here right now. Not good, no. Oh my God. And the sunny, it looks beautiful. So, you're looking out to window, but I just know that even if you're going to put your two con in fact, oh no, the temperature is exactly 30. Right now. It's going to get in the end. I'm a good person. I'm going to get an ugly real. It's going to snow tomorrow on Thursday. Yes, you wouldn't have to bring that up. And that is like we did as Joe's a ganky, but French woman who's terrified of flying, this story I found just absolutely spectacular. Because I've seen people on board planes. I wonder about them. Hanukkah. French woman who's terrified of flying admitted in an Australian court Monday that she had drunk and lay tried to open an airplane door, mid-flight to smoke a cigarette. What? Sargene Heline, the cellys 34, Oro's frogs, was placed on a good behavior bond after putting guilty in Brisbane magistrates court to endangering the safety of an aircraft. She wanted to go for a walk. So, Lee's was traveling on a cath-a-pissive affair from Hong Kong to the East Coast City of Brisbane, Australia, Saturday when he incident occurred at the start of a three-week Australian vacation with her husband. She walked toward the aircraft's emergency exits with an omelette cigarette and a lighter in her hand, began tampering with the door, but a flight attendant intervened and took her back to her seat. She wanted to go for a smoke. That's all for attorneys, says she has no memory of what happened on the flight and that she has a history of sleepwalking, but magistrate Gordon Dean certainly warned the woman, you must understand if you're on a plane, you must behave yourself, bitch. So, Lee's who didn't speak in court was aided by a translator, was placed on a $1,000 Australian bond. That's 734 bucks you waste. Mimi's life to pay that amount of she commits another offense in the next 12 months. She's out on good behavior. Don't do it again. I'm serious. I have seen people on planes on my European trips many a time, but I wonder, they look a little, and they look at, you know, the little window in the door. Yeah. And they'll stop there and look at that window. I'm thinking, you know, there's all the other windows by people seats and everything. Why not go and look at those window? I don't like people real close to the door on a plane, call me a little crazy, but hey, I'm here. 21-22 now, do we find out what the M.O.M.I.S.U.S.S. whether it's like, no, I guess we'll find out around the break. Okay. That's something to stick around for. This is Neal Rodriguez. Or not. This is 5.62 AM. You're in Supreme Court Permit winner circle for a spot on the nation's highest court. Start the clock. Oh, the Great Wall of China. Michael Moore. Thanks. You can say, for matters, but you're a, uh, take care of me. They're bomb. Fairytales. The New York Times. Thank you, Reed. You're a judge. They should not show. The diapers. Carl Roe. That's it. Yeah. Wayne Gretzier. The frosted flame. Doesn't it bush? Shane, that's all I got. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you think. It's a good thing. I wish you'd like to do a 400-foot-sunless thing. We've got a top of the R. Heavily. I can't. 388. That's pretty great. In addition to the H.M.L.We did like over 1200-foot-sun-pulls today. Goes to show you. If we talk about 80 different pulls, we get like 10 million of boats. And then what does that mean? What do you say with disposable raisers 120 silver? 30 percent. 30.30. The Mach 3 non-turbo 87. 87. The Mach 3 turbo 77. So, in reverse, the only difference is you tell me that the non-turbo doesn't have the vibrator. Yeah, pretty sure. Pot's pretty sure. Pot's a positive. You're sending yourself up as the expert and you're also never shabby the one I'm using. But you're pretty sure. That's good. Electric raiser 56. Wait on list. Other cartridge raisers 22. The ship Quattro 14. An old-fashioned blade raiser. Talk about strips of flesh. It doesn't. A dirty dozen. That was beautiful. By the way, tough dad. He said he uses the Mach 3 also. Well, okay. What are you there? Pose it to me. You're fair. I'm going right back to my old disposable one. And then I'm going about more. You know what? I didn't get to ask him because Robert and him are having a little talk in there. So I figured I didn't want to break that up. I haven't a little talk about what? You know, the show I'm sure. See an adi. What's going on? That you're not telling us, huh? Would there have a little chat? Maybe a little producer host meeting on. So I don't want to break that. Yeah. How many QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. 40 year old who of you? Yes. He's abroad. Electric razor. Wow. And soap and a washcloth too. Soap and a washcloth. What for? It'll be pretty human. I work and I tell you. Okay. Have a nice day. Get with the program. See if. There's a 40 year old who of you. He's still. But you know what? How guilty he feels about that though? He's just he can't help himself. Yeah. There was like regret and as well. There's no question about it. He wasn't, you know, being defensive just embarrassed. By the way, you haven't mentioned either. Duff said that the the trench come out tomorrow at 11 30. Ah, it's easy. Hey. Just why? Why do we care about that? Okay. It's a day and four Thanksgiving. Is that going to give us something to be thankful for? We drop it off. Pretty good July by the way. I just thought I'd mention that. Duff. Hey, Duff. You fair. We're dropping off a pretty good July. So don't don't forget your expectations up too much. You got a real nice solid sub-tender in there. September was rock solid. How many QAM? Hello. Hey Neil. How are you today? Pretty good. I'm going to do and I use a gelette, a trough, a cross. I think that's what you were talking about earlier. Is that what you're talking about? Is that what you're talking about? Yeah, as the pivoting hand and as the stripper across the top. Right. The way one. Yeah, and it's nice and slippery and it does a good job, actually. I've never went as nice and slippery. Yeah. I'd like to try this other. What's the one in the pole right now? What's winning the pole of this most of our raises, which includes all a bunch of them? Oh, God. So you already know you're talking about the mock three as well you're thinking? No, no, it's definitely at your plus and the other one. I don't think you'd like to try. Maybe you want to try the mock three to win the vibrator on it? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Pencil thin vibrator. There you go. Thanks, Neil. See you, pal. Recommended by our old friend, our former friend, Jeff Cohen, no doubt. He likes those vibrators and things. WQAM, hello. How's the Neil? Speaking. Yeah. 30, I use that. I would keep blue ones on my face. I used to have babies around the package. I said, all right. There we go. That's one of your best elbows buddies. In fact, he's to like, shave each other. How many QAM, hello? He's a big, big, big. I'm going to body wash last night with cardin. Say knives. Know that one? Anforcott? Say knives, anforcott? Uh, yes. I like that. I haven't used it the lady was telling me while you're using it up in like a week or two. No, no, no. No chance. No chance. I said maybe five or six months. Yeah, well, you just promised you. Okay, whatever. Well, who knows what history is. I think he just wants to drink it five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Actually, it might be pretty good. That's an forcott stuff. Mm. Good for you. I got a lot of like vitamin C in it. Four hundred eight quotes on the poll. I am just blown away by that. It's just phenomenal. See, this is the kind of crap that we're, well, we can overlay to it. This is going to have to have an opinion. It's just what are you doing? What are you using? Huh? Yeah. Now wait till we do the one on use. Edge use barbersaw. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. And of course, you don't have to worry about any of them because you use that nasty electric razor. And unfortunately, we're not going to get a mose answer because I guess he's not going to tell us. That sounds a little bit cranky to me. You see, got on the wrong side of bed today. Oh, don't don't don't don't. I mean, he's not going to tell us. I always told that because we wanted to know on this show. He wasn't going to say that's what I was told. In other words, it's a deep dark secret. Is that the idea? I don't know on this show on this evil show. I guess so. Well, I'm going to tell you right now. I'm playing the show that follows us for all the bad caves I've had in my lifetime. All the times I dig myself out of put their like cleanets on my lip. I blame the show that follows us for that. Can't you follow logic there? Or he is really just a miserable old bastard, you know? Dominic QAM, hello. I'm for Neil. Yes, sir. What he's sick? It's those of all the other way, buddy. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, listen. Yeah. One thing. I guess that was what the mouth and even heard through the ang. I think that was the good. Give me a word. Yeah. I'm here. I'm sorry. Here's what he tells me. Raise your machines with. I'm here. Five six seven five six feet pile. He must be getting surgery again. I didn't say we haven't had a spy reports about that. Must be that time at a month again. Okay. That's right. That's the time at a month. I forgot what time it was. I get some all whipped up into a frenzy. We'll be sure to give you those trends. All of a sudden. We don't get any hour by hours. So we can't like go to town. Dominic QAM. Hello. Thirty five years old. Are you the mockery on the face and have like you. The big, uh, we go. Floor on most package. No, no. He's he's just turning the audience against him again. By being a hard ass. What is this man ever going to learn? No. I don't think so. No. Just thinking about. That's all right. Let's see. He's going to be on tomorrow. But he will off the answers day and who's on Friday. He's going to see you in time. Nice short week. Nice schedule. No chance. Just hostile. WQAM. Hello. Hey, it's Woody. Get the thirty and dressing for a pizza. Dr. Dodoy. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I use the mock three and forget those plastic. Okay. I'll forget them. During the break and winter winter and see if it's the ass. I don't really paid that much attention. Is it the AstraZeneca? Is that what it is? The wash. It's my disposal. Raises in there. Did you let something around this guy said it's Astra? Okay. Astra. Astra. Who knows? How many QAM? Hello. Hey, the heck in the wash. I use lava soap on my chair. No grade. Sounds really appetizing. Thank God it's passed our lunchtime. WQAM. Hello. More snow, pal. Here I am. Yes sir. The thing with those disposable. They give you a closed shave. But they make the shit out of you. Yeah. Yeah, right. Well, the third tube out it could be on the air. That was cute. Yeah, it was said they're not the Schmidt audience. The shit. The shit is what he said. That's correct. As in chick blue blades and you'll let blue blades and chick re-susence. I don't know. Pretty soon, Joyce is going to say we can't say shit and all. But she's already said that. Be careful how you articulate and he rackillate and he nunchied because otherwise we're in deep doo doo. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Let him know. Can I use the disposal? How on are you? How on? How on? 42. 42. Well, by Josh's standards, you like his grandpa. So you know. Who is the one the right? I said it had a great table. I have to Thanksgiving. 567. 560. Are we going a little bit too fast? Is that with the problem? As I see. So in other words, there was a hostility even just asking what kind of razor he uses. That's what I hear. I didn't ask him. I asked. I just don't get it. I mean, what? How is it possible even if he did somebody like poison, which obviously is the case, but nevertheless. I mean, that's just that is his anti-social and hostile as it can possibly. No, totally. No. I'm wounded deep. That is just destroyed my day. Do you believe it? No. You're right. 152. Q.M. The early M.O.M.I.S. through the old pizza thief himself and two and then we got guilty in both for the man dog and four. Perri King's Warma put seven hurry up and change the dollar that hour. North Carolina A.M.T. against UN basketball. That sounds like a real barn burner and the anti-capitalian show follows that. How do you like to follow that game? This is a knee-roader. This is 5.16. A.S. Go up those check-in pants. I'll see. I ain't never said go. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. About the same story. I ain't never said go. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know. I don't even know. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. I don't even know why. So there you go. That's what I'm using. I'm not changing. I changed my mind. There's no reason in the world for me to go over it by anymore. Ma'am three. I got the one you'd said. And like you said, if I don't want to turn on the little vibrate, right? I have to do it. Right. I can shave without. I'm going to try that tomorrow on CO. I don't like it. Okay. We asked today. What do you shave with? And this all came about our original pull. I had to do with something much less important religion. And obviously it's it's a head gear and what people shave with. That makes the world go round by people hate each other. Like they're Jews in the Arabs, for example. What are you shave with? 445 votes. Now is that spectacular or what? This is something they're like obsessed about. Disposable raises 140. That seems to lead to way 142. Just saying 31.6% by the way. I just mentioned that in passing. Mach 3 non-turbo 102. Mach 3 turbo 84. The vibrating crowd. Electric razor 65. Wait down or in fourth place, Josh. I don't want to make you feel like you're out on the limb. Oh, or electric razor 65. Other cartered razor 26. Shick quadro 16. And all of fashion blade razors. The ones that'll just skin your neck and your face in your ears, your earlobes. 14 out of 449. Well, not that that's good to see those lines too. And the guy said the other one that you should quadro is a shick is what he said. What is it? Now what does it just got four blades is what you're telling me? Yeah, it got four. It got four blades. Or speaking of four or stand by for Mo. Because he ain't telling us what he's saying. Well, because he's extra surly a day. He've heard extra crispy chicken and an extra pepperoni and sausage on your pizza. But he's an extra surly mood. So I'll be hell of a two hours to the night. Bye bye.