I'm dying of the air! I am as a doctor to still go worse, football team. There are every gamblers I bear, there are every football team. There are eight dance ball and he touchdowns, not even one field goal. And when you say I am, you're so tough and loyal at both of their up. I am he soft. To do. I am he soft. I am he dolphin somber. How many teams do we play? I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. Don't bet on them, you're always loose. The dolphin's can't beat anyone can't even beat the spread. I wish that Vince Lombardi could come back from the dead. Dick's Haven makes some practice while he wears that soup in. I'm sure he's a little bit like their last hit coach. That loser they want said. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin somber. I am he dolphin somber. How many teams do we play? I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I am as a doctor to still go worse. That's a bad said. I'm losing. Some dolphins are in trouble. With lots of legal stripes. They're tied and likes go work out by beating up his wife. At the team are criminals. The other have sun drugs. And this is what will happen when you draft up bunch of fugs. And there's a tie and he dolphin. Oh, tie and he dolphin. I am he dolphin somber. How many teams in the league? I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. They really are a mothley crew. But dolphins have no flocking. They've got no passing games. I've got just one suggestion. They on the change their name. Do the I am he tampons. And why do such a thing? They're good for just one period. And have no second string. And they're up by I am he dolphin somber. How many teams in the league? I am he dolphin somber. How many teams in the league? I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I can't defense me in the blue. I'm a wolf. You suck. But dolphins have no balls. Except for once they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky will you six-sided. It doesn't matter if he never has another token. It seems that this team playoff dreams of all dawn of this open. There up I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin somber. Do one that I'll 42. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. I am he dolphin. Now there's proof. 1037 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday 2 years. Bad news from Iraq again. What are you ever read the good news from Iraq? Can't find any. Although a freedom is on the march. That's right. We're just fantastic man. The The country is going to be like the past. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll make sure. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. They'll stop a bunch of paper ballads. Anyway, maybe it's fish now. It's chat with Eric about it. The little chat room there or not. No. No. Well, why not. That's right. It's only Monday. That's not where about such things. It says cash money is the currency standard of e-haw. Beverly Hill, the least angry Nathan. Really? That's why I was taken aback by our man who's supposed to be the leader of the free world. El Presidente of the United States of America, which once upon a time boys and girls was the greatest country on the face of the earth. So we say, and now all the same we got to guys say about it. We're giving them cash money. Cash money. You know, that's all over the upper rappers. What? It's like a rap group. The cash money. I don't think that's what he was talking about. I'm just saying he doesn't impress me as being a rapper kind of a guy. You know, I could be wrong about that, but I have serious doubts. He's a cash money, really. He is a cash money kind of guy. He likes that cash money for the oil. I'll tell you that all they didn't do to only well business even though he's Saudi buddies tried to bail his ass out, but nevertheless, at least he's consistent though. And he's failed at every endeavor in his life from all the oil business to baseball to politics. They did steal two options for him. But he still the failure would be an understatement, the compliment for his performance. Anyway, a senior British military police officer in Iraq involved in the investigation of a list of abusive Iraqi civilians by soldiers who had been found dead and a camp in Bosra. Oh my God. I like that. Herk Quizzetitz. The body of Captain and wait to hear this the reason for death. The body of Captain Ken Master is the commander of 61-60 of these special investigators and investigations branch, SIB, where that SOB was found in his bed at the airport this weekend, but death is being investigated by some SOB. Defense sources said the death was, now listen to this, the death was not due to hostile action, also not due to natural causes. However, it is believed investigators did not found any suicide, no nor firearms related to the incident. Captain Master was not receiving any medical or psychological treatment. But being just died. It wasn't happened. It wasn't due to hostile action, not due to natural causes or suicide. Well, maybe I'm listening something here. Maybe God just called his spirit. Transming colleagues of Captain Master was married with two children said his death has come as a total surprise. After he was found, his body was found on Saturday evening. A serencerated over Bosra camp flers were fired in the air and all military personnel were confined to barracks. Despite being of middle-ranked Captain Master's within charge of all serious incidents involving the British military in Iraq. It wasn't immediately known which particular officers had been personally involved investigating. The British military, however, was going to several dozen cases. Several dozen. It was not because of natural causes. It wasn't become a hostile action. It wasn't a suicide. No gun. No, but it made me just had, you know, that'd be M or something. It was his turn. That's right. Maybe the Lord is, maybe it's just another one of these things that's going on. We've got your hurricanes and mudslides and flooding into England and Guadamala. New York and all over the place. The tsunami last year. Earth quakes in Pakistan and Kashmir. There's no way they say there over there. The Indians, Kashmir and Talthus, and the bird flu, of course, is right under horizon out there. If you're not panicking about that, you'd go ahead and have a good time. Of course, we don't have any. We don't have any. We don't have any. We don't have. We're human being as a contracted bird flu from another human being yet. But in the meantime, but it would be, but by the way, to keep the entire world on pins and needles. Remember that song, pins and needles by the, that was that one that needles and pins by the searchers? That's it needles and pins. Which I think had some do with it. So you'll think it's a remember. That's how they say it. That's how they say it. That's how needles and pins that were found very, very Italian, which is strange for They were brits. 452 votes. What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters? All these terrible things that are going on in the world. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Schwid happens one to 58. I like the searches. They're pretty good. They're all right. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one. The first one is the first one. The first one. The first one is the first one. The first one. The first one is the first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first. The last one. The first one. The last one. The first one. Just a few seconds. We repeat the banquet. Put here some Elegi to the top bar if you amazing. We can do that both and above the bar. We can see all the air. We're going deep down the blocks. After deep down, we're still in the Dark Armor. And again, in the Dark Armor. Finally, we ended up reaching the middle edge. More than turns away. You're the one who can't live your life You know child behind my� You can't walk it far away You know that you're saving and all the child You can't be silent You can't be with my family You can't be with your son You can't be with your child You can't be with your son You can't be with your son Your Father Units Absenting a cart Send you and our house He burns me For generous time Of full confusion I'm sure he has to drive you We'll be together And we'll do the church you you you 10.49. You're living before other science sixty-w-n. Little more on news from Iraq and none of it seems to be very good. U.S. Warp Plains and helicopters bomb two villages near the rest of city of Romani. Don't you love that word, rest of it? Was it not anymore, I guess. Kill him and estimated seventy militants, the military said yesterday, though witnesses said at least thirty-nine of those seventy did were civilians. Uh-oh, poor that pin in the ash collateral damage would go with their again. Those people got it. Would you people get out of the way for crime out loud? We got bomb stood up. We got people to kill. Because after all, is not the main goal of this whole mission over there is not to bring democracy or crap like that. I think even your president would, if a push game to shove would find the admit where they're to kill some people. That's it. Heep, southern. Anyway, I want to get, oh look at that, we got a couple of calls coming in. I had my own agenda. I got a great pool for tomorrow that I was inspired by one of our commercials. Yeah. I'm not going to, I'm not going to tell you what it is. Okay, very good. But you're like it. We never done it before either. Wow. The spot was and had the happy knees theme on it. That was a good theme. Yes. Yes. It was a good theme. The only problem is the show's sucked. I mean, really cool. I mean, I'm just, just obnoxious and disgusting. Yeah. He, he, he, he gives me, spilthe's man at the Henry Winkler. Your people, I mean, she, I'm sorry. Hey, Henry. Your fair. Yeah. She's another one. I've been a lot of money on it. WDQAM. Hello. First call back from vacation and ought to be fantastic. Hello. Yeah. It's a lot of it. Yeah. Okay. Anyways. A different poll anymore. A slightly different pitch. WDQAM. Hello. Okay. So we're two for two on that. Like I said, I wanted to hear from some of these Julios, I've heard that you insist listening. Thanks to our close personal friend, Fat Boy. Got to see a numbers from the spring hook. He, his fan of numbers. Because I've been asking for these for weeks and weeks. Did Duff come up with these? Oh. Did Maddie Bell help us out with this? Oh. Did Clarence? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Because he's not a sports nerd. Well, that's what I was thinking. I see. I thought you were thinking about something else. They. But at any rate, or, seriously, he's the only hope we got because he realizes the importance of the show on the radio station and supports other people who figure that were like a necessary evil, I guess there was the best way they would put up with us. Like, Clarence, you know. How about, do we then spoil show today? Come on. You didn't do a spoil show? They're coming to Crap. And anyway, here's our Hispanic numbers from back in the spring hook to follow, look side five other summer book summer fall with a spring member her from a holiday duty for summer fall with a stress break though and date now and I wish you book a brand members all of that she was able to it's good to be old even though you've got a dime was sooner than the young people but nevertheless the all you ever know that governor and a wreckage is to up and died for hate wasn't the wasn't natural causes wasn't more than the right of it was it was on natural anyway we're number five in man and twenty five fifty four ten and two p.m. in his spanic now that's not just Cuban by the way no kid all whipped up with a human stuff of you Cuban haters out there it's liquor ragoans in hundreds and else of a doorings and rubbed in the ins and people from all the good to many kind of where my leave an hour and he called right I think we got a message in Colombia Colombians oh yeah I mean it's leave it to George to bring in the Colombians and both the ins and you are quiet and the virgin tinnians or what all that Argentinian meatman I'm telling you we're not quite a number set it was the best oh that's another thing that son biography was the bobcreen story oh that was released rain oh yeah but I was told you it before I get to these numbers I was told you it before the show Saturday which was the old stein comment they had the uh I'm about which I love the biography channel I hate the Irish they had the lary of flip biography on there well you talk about a guy that was just I mean even though they ever see bobcoochia and he's speak yeah he takes himself very importantly and talks like like a real in intellectual pornographer or something like that you know mr. Penha I'll suit yeah exactly but even he when a verdict came down in the yes they they acquitted everybody else in that last trial they threw Larry flint and jail trying for like ever get a thousand years and he was only in a for six days but they just railroad his ass and the same thing with our friend Al you know this is all the pornographers in America sooner later they get him and they sent him like Rutgers Island that's a big club you wore whatever else so they had clips on air from a guy named Rudy Maxa who if anybody else out there and probably the only person in North America watching this show it's a good show it's called uh Europe travels or something like that with Rudy Maxa and it's like a travel show on pbs or united used to be at uh uh seven thirty now's eight o'clock and you know they they should different cities and sedan and Paris and rollman for instance or whatever so what he Maxa who comes on here like this real intellectual because he's on pbs I know he's over there being a pervert and I just like me and the perfez that he's was good friends with Larry flint so he's on there a lot a clips on this biography and the other person on air is Al Goldstein and having known Al for years and the years and years who of course we know what he does you look at the glory hole uh you take it for granted when you know somebody but but we haven't seen him in a long time and he's gone through all the hell that he's gone through and got only knows what's so kitchie and he's hanging out at today uh he's just hysterical everything he says it's the voice it's the way he says it's the sarcasm it's the absolute holding nothing back it's just uh he's just great he can't help it he could hold a back of he tried yeah I mean he in the in nothing he's not a part he's a problem person here at two a.m. we view Al as a problem person but nevertheless he's just funny as Al oh yeah he's a panic although he does wear a thing a little bit to be around but nevertheless he nice drive their Al we're praying for you I wonder what he ate on young kipper well actually we really like to see him again because he be cut by by necessity he went and he went on that starvation diet because he had to and I guess he lost about like 7,000 pounds something like that so I walk around I was like mini-must looks like Karen Carpenter on a bad day and and where were it maybe Kate Moss because he's a slim down slim and trim that's what records our little video anyway those Hispanic numbers this is some shocking information which I think I'll say for after the break we got 517 votes in the first hour on a pool I'd like that you like your record you think maybe 500 show I think we did over 111 day a couple weeks ago what was George doing during the show on your famous polls how much about 30 yeah come on George 35 35 oh it's not that I think Greg had a point this is the Neil Roger show who's a so sorry this is your brain oh oh any questions I got a so much this is Emily so deeply that's all that was of y'all it's Russell Zimmer welcome to their poetry today I'll forever hit the head match up loop for right now this is Holly Mattley you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you And the next several months suicide bombings, the headings, and other horrific acts can and should be accelerated and we're working toward that goal. We're doing everything in our power to invite disaster, and by staying focused and determined we will prevail. Thank you for listening. Great job, W.E.D. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 W. if you are a fantastic Monday, the sun is shining and going to be 61 degrees here today. How do you like that? Are you impressed? That's nice. It's looking to be you, V.E. It's nice this morning. You know, acceptable that. By the way, 10 Kennedy is discovered at this a good idea to help people under drowning. Better late to never tell you. I like 10 Kennedy a lot of young Kennedy on the show, but Marie Joke, a peckley, probably would have appreciated the interest that he showed over the weekend. It would have allowed the center. 10 Kennedy was enjoying a relaxing morning yesterday. This family's compound. When he looked out his window about 11 o'clock and saw six fishermen in distress stranded along a breakwater with the wind whipping and coming tides swirling around the fishermen, Kennedy called 911 and reported the situation. Concerned for the men, the senator board of the small boat to try to rescue them, but rescue crews met him at the scene. Hi, I'm a spark captain, Craig Ferrinkov, said this. Kennedy then waited on the shore to make sure the men were safe. The fishermen in the mid-20s retreated at the scene for minor, hypothermia and released Ferrinkov said, then they all probably got invited over to Tennis for a, a blue or two. When you think of some cat, and maybe some chowda would be good. I see we're not getting any more dropouts, so I guess Eric doesn't have to let confegagulate about that. I guess you get the load on on that or not. He said earlier that we were out and dropping out. We told the people here and they said, eh, don't bother us. Okay, you guys are such a whos. Huh? Why are you talking to us? Why are you bothering us? Okay, what do you people have to do with sports with games? How what's wrong with you people? What do you have to do with ball games? See people as much as I love a lot of sports. People whose lives, so they're whole life is ball games. They need to be exterminated. Just when it does take them out. Like Pat Robertson would say, take them out. Like Harry Carrier would say, take them out to the ball game. That's something like that. 544 votes at 1102. It is shocking. It's true. See? Yeah. He would die and find stand agrees. Hey, Diane. You're fairy. 544 votes. What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters in the world? Schmidt happens on 190. That seems like a logical thing. Crap happens, baby. That's the nature of the world. Global warming 148. And there she is. There's her at Myers. See, the celebration of mediocrity is epitomized by. In fact, that would be a good poll for later in the week. George W. Bush. That's the epitome of mediocrity. Harry at Myers. Downtown Brownlee Brown. All of these people. 544 votes were paying for the sins of Bush 94. God is pissed off 34. The Lord is his wrath waxes hot, baby. Can't you feel it? Especially like in the middle of July, like right there in a hell and they'll be. It feels a wrath of God, waxing, hot and all those old Jews. Hot wax. It's the Gaysfall 28 like everything else. You're fair. The end days are near 25 and who cares 24. The end days are near. That's what they're saying now. Or her. Miss Robertson. She was on the again a couple of days ago, ranting and raving. This is the same guy that said, let's assassinate Hugo Chavez and the media still put him on here because the media are much of crazy people. Last night on that fantastic show, which I would give you your left nut if they would just put that show on American TV. Leave him have a little bit of it from CBC. It was about the way the media covered the war in Vietnam and then the way that they started manipulating the media in the Pentagon would never let it happen again and the rack war one and now of course the curator rack attack. And it's just the scariest hell. It's terrifying when you see the truth. Anybody that tries to tell the truth well guess what? Just like that British intelligence officer in Bajra, I would have said, maybe they gave them like a like Merlin Monroe. They had like an terrorist. They really have like a little animal. That's right. Right. Right. It's hard to trace because when somebody dies, who's going to look inside the rack to him. Anyway, here's the spring numbers from Hispanics in South Florida. Number five. Number one is WAMR FM. Maradio Omar. This is among men 25 to 54. Not all you old Julio Zafir with your green teeth in Domino Park where listen to Radi Oman V. All that. Oh, 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of 50 out of that crap. We're second time to that crap. Okay. Get with it. Get with the program. Get involved in America like me. I mean like in Canada. Radi Omar is number one. I got let's see. What's the share here? Do we have a share? It's nice to share. I'm sure there is no rating. That's average here. You know, 2.1 percent. I'm real with that means because these aren't shares. In any rate, CMQ FM is got a two point. Oh, let's speak it out. If they're going to get used to that, you'll find because Friday when the summer book comes out, you're going to see a lot of that number. Oh, point. Oh. Yeah. Talk about a man. It's just pitching daddy's money down the toilet. Who are you kidding? Oh, but we got we're not in a broadcasting business. We're more interested in marketing. And that was one of the great quotes of all time. Maybe they do a better marketing. I'll understand that the only reason Joe's got so many spots in his shows because that's the only way they can sell on that station. So he's got like all spots radio, which remember how he used to scream and writefully sell about the way they'd butcher up the format on the worst team. And we're that sure. And how they had all those spots in there. What a how poor Joe feels now there. There's the guy that has gotten used to the views. No wonder he cusses out Joe find for all the time. No one of their always in that cat fight over there. CNQFM is number two. They got it and tied with the WXDJ. Also with the two points. Oh, I don't know what that is WXDJ. Do you know WBGG big one point six? What is that big my ass? Yeah, that's what I heard. QAM right on their ass. 1.4% that's us. We're number five among Julios. Now again, this is like everybody. All of Julios knows the getting ways. Life and toast and love 94 and then radio a smegma. I mean after that, it's really like small potatoes. See I don't understand this. It'll disobey ads up to 24%. Well, I don't get it. You know what I mean? Right. I guess the rest of the audience is something else. No, no, no. I don't know what that. Well, maybe 24% of the whole audience, the South Florida audiences is expanding. We did it. I don't know what it means. Radio Romanceia is way down there with Radio Ritmo. Wacky. See, the 0.7% of the men because only men over the age of 100 listen to a lot of your mom be. All the domino playing fiddle swimmers and other screamers. HDR, which I have no idea what that is. That's a new FM. Which one did that used to be? Who don't have can keep track of whether to keep dripping these stations around? I sure is. That's the, isn't that the one that used to be disco party? Colonel. Not the box station. 93. Yeah, that's it. IOD is way down there, which includes rush. How do you like that? That includes rush from the noon to two hours. We kicked his ass in among Julios. 1.4 to a point 6% more than 2 to 1. A 0.6. How do you like that rush? Who's that Nazi they got on before in that Tampa clown? Glenn Gorgon. Oh yeah, the torture or the torture. Yeah, the one who wants to torture everybody. In fact, maybe he can look for our Attorney General. Why 100 magic power made on their point 6.5? Roddy or Swabe, which nobody knows what they're like. I and Z that's era America, point 3 and QBA, point 3. Wow, time for like number 20. So there you go. I guess I'll say, stay statewide. Headboys make a little bit of a comeback. Not much, but a little bit. There's a hurricane really is that hurricane wet willy. And if you likely become a hurricane. Oh no, that's bad news. It's not near us though. It's right down there near South of what is that central America. Right. I got to be honest with any to refresh your course in my geography because I don't know from central America no more. You know, what's the point of that? In fact, I don't even know what happened to countries in the world. Our name didn't even more, you know. When you see my N-M-R, which used to be Bermow of course. What was wrong? Bermow. Huh? Did you hear something wrong with Bermow? Oh, I see it's Honduras and Nicaragua. Nicaragua. Nicaragua. Nicaragua. I sure missed those days, man. When we used to have all those professional Julios on here, including Anna's squeak with a big ass. I don't. Can't carry some man. She was a hell of a piece. What? I can't see it on here. Oh. Oh look at that. And now it's on a way to can't cool again. Man, that's right. Well, Mexicans can't catch a break. Look at further. Oh no. And now. Oh no. You see something? I think Franklin Graham had his stomach right on. God has really pushed off of those days. Yeah. He's after New Orleans again. Remember what he did? He's got him in Gamora. 110 mile an hour. Kategoried two by eight o'clock Saturday morning. And it's the event of an a pass. Some of us bringing note over towards the Texas area. So there's still a lot of uncertainties. Yeah, but they got to right now. I had his stray four in Orleans again. I'll be Dave, man. They're going to need a lot of cash money. You know what? He's a big guy. Yeah. Doug Thompson from the Capitol Hill Blue website, which you're just finally warmed up to. A little bit because you're just slow, you know. He's a hard ass. That's right. But he writes the ramp. It's in fact I notice even smoking chimps are using this condo. They because they're so impressed by it. And rightfully so, okay, smoking chimps my ass. And frankly, America writes Doug Thompson. The founder and publisher of Cavalry Hill Blue dot com. Which people ought to be reading every single day. You'll be reading neorodres.com. Read those stories every day. And reach your brain. Learn something. Okay, find out more than just a stupid propaganda that's passed out here. About people from the networks. But did they do a job on a CBC and a show last night in that documentary? The passionate eye. Rippin Dan Radar and Tom Broko and the late Peter Jennings. Hey Peter, quit smoking and I'm faggot. See Peter found out those faggot's okay. Yeah. Too late. I'll do love that bit though. Peter Jennings. Where are life? Oh, I mean tremendous sort of calls. There's still a Georgia. Hello. Hi there. Hi. I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond the Grid Forest. Okay. Peter, how long things in hell? Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So I guess now you're really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories with the territory. Oh, California for Peter Jennings. Hello. Peter, you know any dead celebrity dope? No, man. If I did, I wouldn't say so. For all the winters, city canzes. Hello. Peter, are there rumors true? Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today. Somerset Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi. Mr. Jennings. Is there something beyond music in hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour after and. Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh, ready to indeed. One more call. We have a minute left. Downers grow a little bit of know. Hello. Mr. Jennings. What would you like for Christmas? Uh, son of the saying. Oh, so so. I'm sending your wish list. Yes. And as his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. I really nice to see you. I got to do this for a man. If there's a hell of George's W. He'll be there. Trust me. With those on. Yeah. And they won't take cash money there in hell. You can't get out with cash money. I'm going to take cash money. Last. Five hundred and seventy years. Five hundred and seventy one votes on that poll man. We are so impressed. We're going to have like over 700 by noon. How do you like that, Josh? Court is we might do 45,000 votes during the show today. Just to just to piss off your old fine burger, but across the street. Although that'll happen on Friday automatically. I'm predicting eight. Oh, point. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's quite like infinity. Oh. And the believe me infinity. Interesting. Oh. Why? Why? Because we know. No. Not me. The bottom. I guess I'll say that. I'm not saying things for after day. But a little tease there. Okay. Keep the isn't it. I thought I'm going to read a lot of stuff today. Because we want to give a lot of these brilliant calls in. Like those first two we had the first hour. Those are really special. This one will be good. WQAM. Hello. And any. Good morning. I called Neil. I already. Great. Yeah. You know what? I. I. There's going to be a big party down here. Yeah. And anything else I can see comes. Yeah. Yeah. 1113 at 560 WQAM. What do we black baby in this country in your crime rate would go down? You heard me. Renee had me from hell. I'm a Kenny of human fragile. Now all the sudden she says something odd. And why I'm charging in my phone. Because when they walked out. And about a lot, she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. And she made the whole world. They can't do fairly. Now are we supposed to know who Kenny Chisney is or care about that? Oh, no. Oh. Because the rumors were about him and I don't want to mention the quarterback Peyton Sandy Peyton Manning for the ending F.L.S. Coast. Because then Josh will get all of a sudden. Why is that? I don't know. It's your hero, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. That's my hero. I thought that was you said he's the best quarterback in history of the national football league. Was a Sandy Peyton Manning. Yep. Doug Thompson to rent from Capitol Hill, Blue says in angri America. This nation of art, that's right. He's not that he's no brand greasy. I'll tell you that. This nation of ours is in a really bad mood. Says Doug Thompson. According to the latest polls only 28% of Americans believe the country's hit in the right direction. The lowest in a decade. And most points to think we're blame it. The occupants of Capitol Hill and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Poles say American anger is in all time high. You don't need to pull the figure that out. Just wander down the local coffee shop for breakfast and listen to the anger spilling out over the war in Iraq, skyrocketing energy prices. And a government out of control. More and more Americans are angry since retired general, Wesley Clark Democratic presidential candidate in 2004, who weighed a lot of meals at the Delhi then. They're angry about the president's incompetent. And as general unwittingness to acknowledge with some humility that he's made some terrible and tragic mistakes regarding the mission and Iraq. Anger toward the president and government is not limited to Democrats or liberals. Conservatives and Republicans are increasing this pleasure on a variety of fronts. Bush clearly has retreated from the promising made to the country on September 20, 2001. The 90th cleared the war on terror rights conservative commentator Steven M. Worshowski. The entire conceptual framework underlying the Bush doctrine has been replaced in just a few short years of a Vietnam era retreat. RIP rest in peace to Bush doctrine. Some say the anger is long overdue. And I would say, I'm so really correct. Our country, they find itself more bitterly divided than in any time since the war in Vietnam from the party of the Royal opposition on down. We have been what I suspect is a silent majority of the senators, and time for silence is now over, where it's yet broken steam and counter punch. The silence is ending in the people over eating to make their voices heard. Yet others wonder if the anger comes too late. In the case of Iraq, the American public has failed its soldiers head of terrorizes the Minneapolis-Star Tribune. We didn't prevent the Bush administration from spreading as spending their blood and unnecessary war. Based on contract concerns about Iraq's weapons and mass destruction, President Bush and those around him lied and the rest of us let him. Harsh, yes, true, also yes. The anguish fills over another parts of our society to make some violence on the rise. If today is a normal day in our country, three women will be murdered by husbands of boyfriends, tomorrow three moral die, the next day three again. The Arizona Republic editor realizes many more will be beaten or raped, screened out or shoved against the law in the fit of anger by men who say they loved them. They lie. According to FBI statistics, crimes of violence rose sharply in the last year. Coincident of what pollsters say is an increase in anger in our society. The state of the United States is a very strong and strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. The state of the United States is a strong and strong country. And over 5 yearsogeneous voters are setting to the world.ports from party players are voting. Even in your evening those who think I could have used aate.Talking in case of all of these помters before baseball everything and starting to look down people . I support his man from the world is like spinning around like out of control with the constitution. Yeah, that's true. Schmidt happens to 60, but he's going to send him some cash money. I feel better about that. Okay. No, he's like, well, he'll have some cash money or at least about you. Like, maybe a little bit of a bonus or not, some are book, even though it's only 50% because we don't really care that much about the summer book. Although I'll take a certain people in the building, cry and wine and all of that. George is killing us. George is killing us. He's seven tests. Even though he has the highest numbers on a radio station, which they show always does, but nevertheless, don't give me any credit for that. Hold on up his ass and during the summertime. No, bitch in wine, always find a scapego, you know? I mean, when you got a guy like Greg that's made so many in the last four or five years, so many unbelievably grotesque, egregious errors, I would say that he's the George Bush of radio, which I think is taken into a new level. Hey, Greg. You're fair. Give me a break, huh? The Feral Fiasco to screw it over a Joe Rose, the Moldamoa, oh my god. And then, of course, the Stern business. The Curtis come out with a book, 50,000 ways to jeopardize your license in five minutes or less. I just go on Greg, you may not be good at least you're consistent, but he sure has a fine eye for the ladies. 614 votes. What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters? Should what happens to 16 global warming, 166, were paying for the sins of Bush 108, God is pissed off 37. He is had it. He is fucking, he knew what the answer was. What will he, that's gullaby. It's going to be really wet and somebody's getting the willies there in the orly. It's headed right back out of the again. Willie. And this proves why I have told you, nobody else would tell you this only a big fat mouthful queen like me would tell you. And I'm telling you again right now that the Lord works in mysterious stories and he's busy with gambling stuff in the eyes and the morning line on the gull games, but he is sometimes his aim isn't so good. But you know, the old axiom, if it first you don't succeed, hit him again, right? And again, and again, and again, until you get it right, until you just wipe that thing that's then, and equally, right off the face of the globe, no one's my ass. Yeah, we're going to have Marty Grott. That's what you think. Guess again, hot shot, cracker, key. Don't. Not to just turn to guess again, K John. That it just turned it over. Not as pissed off 38. It's the gazeball 35 like everything else. We have to have these scapegoat do juror. And last few years, I think since Anita came along, they've been the right wing is favorite right scapegoat, including even self-hitting facts like Mr. Raj and the Alconda Lisa and you name it, and coder. The end days are nearer 27 and who cares, 25, 622 votes in an hour and a half. That is shocking. See, even the Iraqis are a whipped up and we're friends about it. I'd say, you know, you see this proves to me today, I need a lot more vacations. I'm actually, I've got so much energy today, and I feel like I'm actually enjoying the side of my own voice today. I'll leave these calls. That's an other story. WQAM, hello. New, that's a black meal. WQAM, hello. New, God. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Pretty good. Hey, how are you? How are you? I recommend you to go to the top of the world. What are you going to add? It's time for the evasion of this. It's a meal, Rogers. This is 516. Jesus. Q. 1958. A proud people. Happy to live under the beauty of regime. The great pride of the hemorrhage of sugar cane bars. The pack of lab run for sea gold. Penalite dealerships. Hookers and syphilis. And change this picture of how the beast of heaven is said. Weaving tuber with only the heritage of sugar cane bars. The pack of durity and wrens and sea gold. Hookers and syphilis. Since that time, only one true Cuban savior first for the Virgin Mary's papaya. That that lowered gingerly to earn its bite in jones. I'm still in galoa, freedom. No, not that little waterlocked QK Leon. But the real baby Jesus who sits on the moist hand of God. George or Haydn, you, Rodriguez. The story of Matthew would Christ or these struck down by the mighty gods of Agavoyes. The baby Jesus is here. And you are there. Good to be with you. Yes. I love 31 and 516. If you weigh in 600 and some of what's we're going to have 700 by the new hour when the little hand hits the big end and look over. We've got 600 and 56. I was in Q56. I'm going to tell you something man, we are shaken the universe. Do you believe me? No. We're doing it. We're just shaken. I'm thinking of signing a lifetime contract with somebody. Somebody with a old transmitter somewhere. Crystal set. Right. We continue to do this forever. The fact we got last week just before when on vacation we do a Friday. About what? About the serious left channel or whatever the hell we're going to do. But that's still our line up with Alex Bennett and Lynn Samuels. I was thinking about that in the shower this morning. I really brought my body wash. Oh my god. What are people thinking about? If that's a great line up that's going to really have an impact. Alex Bennett is like the jewelry remin of radio. Really? Wimpy and wishy, washi and oh god. Alex Bennett, my ass. How do you do that? The number of young Americans reaching for prescription drugs is to get a good night's sleep and the money. The cash money being spent to keep from tossing and turning. His body Lewis would say is soaring. All in butter where they got big fires in the truck. Now they causes the under investigation. How unusual fires in Detroit. You got burned maybe burned by who did that? Just going to the funeral. Right. Who did this going for no? Traps. Was it? No. The trans trust is. Oh. There it is. Big fires in Detroit again. Man, if burn that city down, it's just amazing. A lot of room for a talk up on this. Oh. I want to talk it up. Okay. Among you, and because I hear that loud anyway, every time you play the music it's like, I'm like, there you go. Crank it up baby. Burn it. Burn a big fat one. Okay. My parents Thomas would say, let's burn money off. Of course, that's cash money to buy that. Among adults aged 20 to 44 use of sleep medications double between 2000 and 2004. Oh my God. I'll spend it among the age group for a rest of the life jump to 190 percent over that period. The medical health solution study released today. The medical health solution study. There are more studies going on. You know what? I think it's about time to have a study on all these studies. Start out. What? Where's all the cash money coming from to pay? Uh oh. You know. It was really more startling amongst children 10 to 19 with the use of sleep up 85 percent and spending up a whopping 220 percent of our levels just five years ago in 2000. So in other words, maybe people can't sit to toss and turn because they're afraid of terrorism. Oh my God. I think that would be it. Maybe they're afraid of George W. Bush. That would get me worried. Really a scared. For some offer test of monogles on behalf of the president Supreme Court. Namony. Harriet Meyer. Oh yeah. She never stole a freight train. Med Co's and data analysis from the first six months of 2000 foreshown that 15 percent of the children taking the state medicine were also using drugs to treat attention deficit, high variety of disorder. It wasn't through whether the disorder or the medication treating was causing the sleep problems. The study also found that women among all age groups were far more likely to use sleep aids than men would largest disparity 58 percent higher among women ages 20 to 64. Although the elderly are still the most frequently used as a sleeping aids. Oh you know who it else was done as the biography thing was very plenty a lot and she makes me. I never hated her anywhere near as much as I do right now. Glorious Steinem. Oh yeah. In fact, I'm positive that Gloria Steinem is a man. I know, Betty for Dan was a man. We know that. It's a mad baby. But Gloria Steinem. That's a man. I think she's got a she's care and a hell of a package and an eight to the post office. There's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And I think that's a lot of people who are going to be there. And then I'd like to let go of you. You know the imbalance between back to the month of the week or death of the dead. Yeah, that's right. And they're already very low-sided. And where is that, um, in honest time? And what will you, there anything? Oh, tension, How do you deal with right now? You don't. And there is a facilitation of the heart. We go together. And that's a small state of speech. I can tell you can honestly understand that Brian does this thing. briefing beforehand is sure that we heard the dress rehearsal man says water joke is usual bush and is not see trying to manage the press at least like the meeting is going a little spine oh yeah and are saying blood in the water we can only hope don't hold your breath can't wait to see scooter and they change to the purple walk in a jail a guy could dream and he'll the song have you forgotten with some by another redneck have you forgotten that's that that what's his name Keith uh what's his name Toby Keith that's it but it's not it was a dearly all right see what the silence it said sure what your breath uh who's dear a whorely does he can do a gun for isley must date well what is that heavy forgotten well i don't understand i thought that was a Toby Keith song but what is it have to do if i talked about it if i say anything about Toby Keith no it was on that pole that oh i see fine i'll care about that so and that wasn't my pole that was George's pole okay and we want to correct George get into a bassinet about Toby Keith go right ahead they're two hundred and so yeah in me he had like a little man you made a man you're like my corrosion taller we're sent this back so okay you made a mistake i'm gonna do the kids games better new well me up because i know my staff i know my fat i'm Mike Rosen's all that was a news time is two forty three man talk about the celebration of maybe awkwardie jesus got all my well you know we didn't have a lot of people to put on your back in the day the fact i think most of those people are dead including my good friend to cast her and by the way it's not Rick cast for a little Tommy jica i'm gonna tell you Tom jica your days are numbered believe you me i don't know eighty thousand i know I did just thought i would say that he just pisses me off such a jerk right and all that all that pabble all that pre-pad pabble about the TV shows and anybody like i said i'll keep saying it again in bang or main in puree a little way in ash ash the bula anywhere in neven ash it was constant you can be right in the same crap it has a good cookie cutter crap about never TV shows so so what what does that have to do with with parkland what does that have to do with temper pines and plantation and would like sweet water huh and candle and ojas and ghouls and arranger right north Miami south Miami called gables west Miami there you go east Miami what does it have to do with anything what does that do with the pressurized how many of you write nothing you don't write like fifteen words a year about anything local and i'm the one that's out of touch watch my ass Hey That took up an Australian and went down the train. They crashed into a crazy place. The dating night don't wear. Get the so high and tropical, Luxembourg, old and fair. So scary, bold and fair. They met a nighty French woman, And found a mysterious hatch. Though one consolation that they had, It wasn't Richard Hatch. Repost of Richard Hatch. The cast of the waves will see their faces. To try and stay alive with the doctor guy. The fugitive, the green dude, and his wife. A washed up rock star. Some pirate ten monster two. Here on the lost side. I've been fighting on the head. 144 or 16 do them on. Guess what? There are a lot of people die while I was on vacation. Yep. Louis Nye. Did you talk about that? I mentioned it. I said you ain't no Louis Nye. Who is? And guess what? Which you'll have. No idea who this is. Stanley Dancer. Oh, I do know because I read the pop-in-o copy. They were doing a tribute for him. You know, I got the right. So, I don't know if you can. I'll probably read answer now. Some things, I guess, are a blessing. There's boy. His last few years. He looked so bad. He was one of the great hardest drivers of all time. One of the great horsemen ever. Great guy. Stanley Dancer. I thought of that story about him. Alan Finkelson, my late great friend of the track, bringing Stanley Dancer to me, my table of dining room one night. I'm sitting there all alone. Nobody with me that night. And I'm reading the program. They got a horse that I'm dying to bed on. Six to one shot. I remember the driver. Louis Genesee drove that horse. Anybody cared? Oh, shipping from freehold. A lot on the rail. A lot. And I'm ready to go to the window. And sure enough, Alan. See, Alan also as great as he was. He used me as a prop. Like River. Only difference being Alan was a great guy. And Alan used to feed me. It's a track as opposed to expecting me to buy the meals. But anyway, he brings over Stanley Dancer. Well, Stanley sits down and shakes my hand. He sits at the table. And it's like three minutes to post time. And I'm just dying. I don't know how to make a graceful exit saying. I got to run to the window and make a bet, which I never did get to bed in the horse one paid 15 bucks. And he starts starting. He says, oh, you don't want to talk about race. You want to talk about football. Okay. And I thought, what? He thought I was Hank. Well, I was not a fatter in those days. I was a lot. So he had me confused with the Humper. So he wanted to talk about football with me. That happens a lot. No. I mean, why would I remember that? Well, that's the only time I met Stanley Dancer. But he was great. I'm sure he didn't spend much time talking about that. Not a lot, no. 699. Maybe the next vote will be to 700's one on the poll today. People are talking across the street. You know that fat old queen had over 700 votes on the poll by noon today. That means that everybody in town is gathered around the radio. Like in the old and golden days of radio. Just put the radio right there in the middle of the living room and everybody like sits on the floor and does something. Back in the neighborhood, much to just what they're doing. But of course, Joyce wouldn't put up with that. And by the way, Joyce, nice job, honey. You are doing it, man. You and Greg in the brain trust. You are really doing it. I'm actually amused to see their dialima. You know what? It really amuses me. Because they wouldn't listen to me. I know nothing. Nobody knows anything. They're the experts. We're the perverts and they're the experts. Well, the first part's right. You have to speak in a perversion. Wishes of scene performance with troops into create. This is just to watch it is to vomit from a hate to do this right before lunchtime. Unless you want to die, I'm doing a pubic service. To watch that thing. How to chase the channels? That was staged news. Just like that performance on a battleship. There where he's dressed up. First president by the way, everywhere a military uniform during his presidency ever. No, another photo op. Even general grant. Even the elicisess grant never war is uniform during his 18th day. He was the 18th president. He was a president. He was also a drunk. He was also a drunk. He was also a drunk president. He had a pay of the way for later presidents. It was seen enough that Bush put on such a staged event. Turns out now that one of the soldiers he called on was actually a Pentagon T.R. Person only refused to identify a son. Did you know that? Nope. Well, now you do. Even more of scene was Bush's immature and foolish boasting about how cool it was that the soldiers were to create Saddam's hometown. First he said, by the way, you're into create as I understand it as well. It's kind of interesting place to be. It's a lot of old stomping grounds. Oh, stomping grounds. Kind of like I've actually had a lot of cash money floating around there. Were you? He's so out of it. It thinks the people of the equator grateful to the US troops for being there. He asked one of the soldiers. As you move around, as soon we have a chance to interface with the civilians there in that part of the world. And a lot of Americans are wondering whether or not people appreciate your presence. Can he give us a sense of the reception from the people there to create toward coalition forces? The soldier has instructed past that question not to another soldier, Captain Williams, who couldn't answer how he was soldiers interface with civilians because they can't. It's too dangerous. Captain Williams referred to comments. His Iraqi counterpart had made after talking to locals and decreed. And from what he told me, the locals told him, the Iraqi people are ready and eager to vote this referendum Captain Williams said. That was the answer, Bush wanted. That's good. He said it's pretty interesting. That's a pretty interesting concept for the people of decree when you really think about the fact that it was set on some time. But that account of the eager and grateful local seems highly suspect. According to Anthony Shadid, a few of us are prize-winning reporter for the Washington Post, to quit has been seething with resentment and burden with humiliation as others have in the Sunni Triangle. In his new book, Night draws near, Shadid explains what a lost cause this war isn't. He quotes a mechanic from the Sunni Triangle who says, the American people should realize they're going to start receiving coffins. We're not there slaves. We have stepped at the season as we drink water. And that with two years ago, things are a lot worse now. And I'm not just a little Cavalier comment, Bush told one of the soldiers, it's probably a little early for me to go to the creed. No shmit. How easy it is for him. He's not putting his life online to creed. No he's asking these troops to do that. And he's put them in a no-win situation. That's what's most of them seen of all. Despite his happy talk and the rehearsed treonists of the troops and even the vote on the constitution, Bush can't change the situation on the ground. And the more oblivious he is to that fact, and the more vocally as of the false progress and erect, the more shameful his entire enterprise becomes. And I would say you are. Absolutely correct. Matthew Rothschild wrote that for a common green's authority. Or a bit for the progressive, it's on common green's authority. Right. He also, by the way, has got a lot to what's the website? His McCarthyism watched webcrums crowded more than 150 incidents of repression since 9-11. They liked that. But maybe a citizen dot blogs, well that's one of those. Like that. Just like a Matthew Rothschild. School of Pibre 6 different way. 714. How do you like that? 714 old being. 714. What is that? What kind of a drug is that? 714? Yeah. I don't know. Ask somebody. There's a drug that's got 714 on it. Quailoo. Is that it? Just guess it. Why don't I know about Quailoo's man? I don't know about doggy uppers. And you only know about it. 714. What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters? Schmidt happens to 56 global warming 189. We're paying for the sins of Bush 129. I'm saying you want to take a lot of cash money to pay for that. A lot of cash money. Quailoo. Is that it? 714? I think so. Did you look it up? No. We'll look it up about 420. God is pissed off, 41. He. I'm telling him and he's, can't you feel it? I'll feel it's something. His wrath waxing, hotter and hell. He is just foaming it. He's a apocalyptic. And that means it's going to be apocalyptic. That's what happens. Apocalyptic things have one God becomes apocalyptic. Right? And of course it all goes back to that apple anyway. It's all apples way. Yes, it is birds. 714. See, I know my drugs man. Apparently. In fact, I'm ready for some right now. The end days are near 33 and who cares? 715 votes, Joe Feynberg. It's more people. I mean, you got to listen to your whole damn radio station. How do you like that? You hot shot? And by the way, happy Shavu is Joel. Don't spend all of that money in one place. I already did too bad. Too bad, Dad. God, I wish I had a rich son. I had a rich daddy. I did a son of a rich for a father. We didn't have a, he suffered. He was okay. I had a dummy as far as money. That's not great. He was a provider. You know what I mean? He's a provider. He's a provider. He's a rich man. He's dead though. He's the worms are eating his ass. All the other crap about family. Really? It just, it just amuses. I mean, of course you should know. I do kind of mother you got. Family is that's all. What does that figure that one also? I don't care about. All he's stupid as cliche is that you people repeat because somebody wants to tell you. You want to hurt it somewhere. It's like my mother used to say, well, you know what they say? And I used to say to her, well, who's they? I don't know who they are. The committee. Yeah. I used to say, oh, the Graham. That's who says it. Don't you QA and hello. I would say it before going back coach. How many QA and hello? Yeah. Why am I going to be compensated from? Tell me the QA and hello. Yes, sir. How is that that tribute to family, dance, or Saturday night? It was very great. Yeah. Good. How many QA and hello? QA and hello. No, we're not. Yeah. I used to show you that team is a marijuana lead. That people get from the government. QA and hello. Come here. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's it going? All right. I know you were asking for a Nick Robwin. And I'm one of a former engineer for the Marine Corps. Oh, my God. I know. I know. But as far as trying to rebuild in that area. Yeah. Pointless man, it's they all want to live on the bottom of the mountain side. You're a river and the soil keeps shifting. And as far as our scapegoat, our scapegoat in that country is communism. And that's about it, Neil. Okay. Good luck, Jim Pally. Thanks, buddy. You'll be a safety ever for bed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 7, whatever that means. They lost more intonios. See, you can I walk. I don't know my body. You know something. I feel very validated after reading a lot of stuff about Venice, and Hugo Chavez, and about the rampant poverty, and about the inequity there. It's a general. And someone I told you about spending one day in the caracas a few years ago. Right. I have no regrets about that. Of all the places I've ever visited, even downtown Detroit was like very up mild and safe compared to Caracas. You just felt like, oh, I better get that out of here because somebody's going to kill me. Not good. Caracas. But of course, you know, Hugo Chavez. Hey, Pat. Turn about as fair play like Peter Marshall used to say on Hollywood squares. Line 9, WQAM. Hey, Neil. Come back to hear how are you? Okay. I've never really done this before, but I'm kind of curious. I'm the agent for Venice Collins and Bob Hamilton. Do you think you'll be doing any higher? Oh, give it a rest. Give it a rest already. We'll be back. This guy, you know, the next time I'm just going to hang up on him. I just did. I am so sick and tired. You're probably just serving a candle, but he'll be okay. You probably are inept. You know, you mean, as one of these people is bang away and bang away. Is it like a nagging wife? I don't get it. No, you don't get it because this guy got candid magic. So we got a bug up his hands about Bob Hamilton and Dennis Collins and the whole operation. What did I do with us? Yeah, yeah, go call in there. Talk show. Call up Rick Shaw in the morning and belly eight kind of year about it. Okay, we don't care. We don't care about magic. We like Ricky Tickey a lot and he's a really cat. But I would net to how with him. They take crap. We know that. It's like a bulletin like we're supposed to hear that Bob Hamilton isn't it? Nobody cares. Okay. We rather hear about Alexander Hamilton. That's what we hear about and Raymond Verr. Isn't that who they had the big dual Raymond Verr and that they were. Yeah, yeah. Maybe that's why they got into it. Maybe they were given in. It was a straight shooter because he won the dual. Well, I'm not so sure how straight. 11. 56. 65. 60. We got that mole. I'm not straight. He's a straight shooter. He's a straight man. He's a straight man. He'll come along and work the dolphins in as now. And other than it's fashionable. We're not carrying their games anymore. He's not doing a game. So now he doesn't have to feel for that organization anymore. He'll rip them in as I'm sure. And there's certainly so. Mad Dog at four. He'll also be kicking some serious kicking an old style. But who won that machine game on Penn State on Saturday? Josh. Me, she can do that. What a surprise that. Was it close? Yeah, I think they scored. Yeah, they scored on the last play of the game. Yeah. Against Penn State against Joe Pa, who just turned 145. That's a girl school now. Penn State, Big 10 My S. Well, they didn't lose before that. No, no, no. Well, Michigan State, of course, said it. The usual choke job. And something is still okay. We don't care. Who gives a crap? I was winning some stupid ass ball. I'd care about what he got to college is. Get late and get in rough. That's it. That's all you care about. What else is there? Nothing. We'll get in stone. Are you kids out there? We got 740 man. 740 votes on the pool. And it's not even noon yet. I'm so shocked. I could like slide right off this year under the floor. All right. It is. I'm going to shut up. Two nice of an 80 be working. I'll tell you that. So Georgia's going to take over at noon. Take over what? I don't know. The building. Take over the building. Two to few people. They might fight Robinson happy. They'd cover their bush after your fan asked government. Two of some people. Let's talk to over 17 at 16. They since the New Law and World of Health. Talk about some people because they are dangerous. And they're popping behind your back. Like Greg's and many bells. And all these people in fact were. And the people in the sales department. Pity Laney. If you ever show up in a building. 11508 a QM. If you have a sickred dying palm tree or palm trees that all look as good as they should. Palm tree doctor can help you out. Palm tree doctor was out for it is leading palm experts. Specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees. In most cases palm tree doctor can save you sick palms at a fraction of their placement cost. And no job is to bigger two small for these folks. Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies. Homeowners as associations and city governments too. Visit their website palm tree doctor dot com for more information including before and after pictures and references too. You can even make it a full and right online. Don't forget if you have sickred dying palms the only company to call is palm tree doctor. South Florida is original palm specialist call today. One eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred. Mason the arrived your show. Get a thirty dollar credit off your initial visit. Thirty dollars. Not. Palm tree doctor date at this toll free number. One eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred. Thirty six hundred or just go online to palm tree doctor dot com. That's one eight six six nine four six thirty six hundred for palm tree doctor when you want serious results. This is meal Rogers. This is five 16. Eight six. Yeah. Set a home land security top ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. The. The. The. The. The white house and somebody to the studio. They said he gets paid if he put the bushes plans on the radio. The. The. Oh and they pay all. They. They. They. Offer to 40 grand. To spin a few lies in a number. Lo expand on place thus stay. Thank you. ещё. Ye. красив. Being individuals talented. About show lifting. a taxi Where's the. Not said. New story around her feet. Twenty six is a still. I started around the heat, I lifted a thing, they said peace in the pocket of first Jamie but I was strong willing to lay the old guy baby, we were sticking, rising up into the radio, the air rifle when they lay old, the air rifle when they lay old, the air rifle when they lay old, the old man. Probably 3 at 5, 6 to the end days are coming, baby. You can feel it, you can smell it. Oh man, can I smell it? It's not fart, it's not fart. Okay, you're disgusting, and the fact joy is going to come over and give you, I'd like to have a joy scum over there and fart right in your face. Oh, I'd love that. Wouldn't it be great? And then you can describe it on the air, you can do like a play by play. I'll record it and you can describe it at the aroma. Maybe joy scum like drop a little egg fart in the studio there and then rush right on, grab a corporate legal choice. You're doing a hell of a job, honey man, a right up to your qualification. I would say that she is qualified to be the corporate legal for a radio station and she is for the beesleys, as Harry and Myers need to be the Supreme Court justice. It's a good honor to be here. It's a good honor. Maybe joy scum has been, although Mike Whitney, no correction or relation to Ray Whitney, right? Because this is the week, could have some indictments coming this week. You didn't know that, don't you? Yeah, I saw that on the news. Can you notice confession, the last gas, I'm doing a lot of reading today, and you know what, too bad, because it calls really suck and we don't have a building pool. So we'll say that for, I think the end tomorrow we got building. We're going to be building it. Plus our money, they don't want to be bothered with these stupid ass calls anyway. Right? Except Reverend Jones 45 times and his partner in crime is boyfriend. Hey, Reverend Jones. You're fairie. If you're, well, see, this is like yesterday morning. He says that he planned to read Judy Miller's long and circuit is apology in the New York time Sunday edition. Bring your hipwaters, the office getting the newer is need deep and bound to stem even the most curious reader. Miller is a slippery customer, but picture is slowly developing. If someone was deeply involved in White House maneuvering to discredit Joseph Wilson, it is clear now that the dipcheneys right hand man's scooter liby provided remember with a name of XCI agent Valerie Plame, claims name appears at least twice in the notebook more used when she interviewed liby although she pretends she can't remember whether or not he furnished the name. She's got this convenient Alzheimer's CA. It's also clear that liby tried to coerce Miller into silence by the spatching his lawyer Joseph Tate to tell Miller that she was speed attestifying, but that liby had not told Miss Miller the name or undercover status of Mrs. Wilson's wife. In other words, liby lied to the grand jury. A was signaling the Miller to shut up. If Miller told the truth, liby would go to jail, the administration would be exposed as plotting to disgrace Joseph Wilson. It's the old smear and smearer. That's the part of the Bush administration philosophy. Fortunately Miller got tired of biting her time in jail. The sighted testifying. That prompted liby to send her an encrypted letter, which stated that the public report of every other report is testimony makes clear that they did not discuss Miss Plame's name or identity with me. Again, liby was advising Miller not to spill the beans. Miller had a problem, though, she had the way of knowing what the other report has had sent to the grand jury, and she also had a way the possibilities of being in head done perjury or obstruction charges, so she did what most people would do in her situation. She tipped her through the questioning denying and forgetting as much as possible. It's beginning to look like Miller is the pivotal figure in an investigation and it will probably be the undiving of the Bush regime. In one telling comment, Miller notes, two days before Robert Novak's article appeared in the Washington Post exposing CIA agent Valerie Plame, I might have called others about Mrs. Wilson's wife. Two days before Novak's momentous article Miller was giving out Plame's name, so perhaps Miller was the only reporter who got Plame's name from liby and spread it around anybody else that puts Miller at the very center of the Bush administration's biggest nightmare. Miller already admitted that liby had told her that Plame worked at Winn Pack, Winn Pack stood for weapons and tells his non-proliferation arms control, the name of a unit within the CIA, and then among other things, analyzes the spread of unconventional weapons. That's kind of an outthink to confide in a reporter if it's not intended to start a leak. Remember Miller never even wrote a story about innocent gleam from these private interviews with liby, so while it was her role, where they just, friends having a casual conversation, or where she ate a new role for the information that the White House wanted to disseminate about Wilson. Libby also asked Miller to have the time to refer to him as a former Hills staffer rather than a senior administration official and stories written about Wilson. He obviously didn't want to seem like the administration was carrying out a personal vendetta against Wilson. No problem, the administration makes a request and then the York Times carries it out for with. One hand washes the other. The question remains though why the cover-up, why would Libby care what the paper is called him, is if he claims he wasn't doing anything wrong. The larger questions, however, were did Libby get Valerie Plames name. The only person who had access to classified CIA information like that would have been his old boss, Dick Cheney. Aha! Cheney presented over a secret Google administration, Hops known as the White House Iraq Group Wig. After Wig party, but Wig. You know what I mean? Wig. The American Washington Post, the danger of Sodom's WMD, the square of those who tried to mitigate the danger, the biggest part of their strategy was to exaggerate the threat of Sodom's imaginary nuclear weapons program. The administration knew through their own polling data that the American people were supporting for a nuclear war if it appeared as though Sodom had nuclear weapons, so it was incumbent upon them to make the case. Wilson's outfit, Paces in New York Times, Townsend Administration's conclusion about New Year's yellow cake uranium, and underbind the claims about Sodom's nuclear capacity, so Wilson had to be destroyed. Miller wrote surrogate as the conduit from our state administration's Tony stories about biological weapons sites, mobile weapons labs and aluminum tubes for noobs, aluminum Q for noobs. Was the logical choice to start the smear campaign against Wilson? Or, what was to spread the classified information were sources in the media who would enter in this credit Wilson? Let me as done his best to protect Cheney from being implicated, saying that the Vice President didn't know anything about Wilson, but the claim is absurd. As Jason Lee, a poll notes in raw story, Cheney was present at several of the Wig meetings. They say Cheney personally discussed with individuals in attendance at least two interviews in May in June of 2003, Wilson gave to New York Times comments Nick Krichdoff, at Washington Post reporter Waterpinkus, in which he claimed the administration twisted P. war intelligence, and what the response from the administration should be. The Vice President's rule on outing of CIA on agent under examination Jason Lee, poll was evidently at the end of the article. Lee, a poll's article also points out the co-civilization should be between Miller and the members of Wig, prior to Iraq War. After Miller had written her damning article about aluminum tubes, two in Iraq that could be used at centrifuges in nuclear weapons, a story that was later completely discredited. Cheney Remisfeld, Bush and Rice won in a high gear, flooding the Sunday, Taukshoeden, setting the stories proof that Saudis knew for the ultimately in Gulf American a mushroom cloud. The media's disinformation campaign must have been coordinated with Miller and key members of Bush administration, the plan worked flawlessly. Clearly, both Miller and New York Times publisher Arthur Salzburger were innably involved in manufacturing the fragile evidence that dragged the nation to war. Neither has ever expressed any regret over the role they played. Ironically, Livis cryptic comments to Miller and a letter that he sent her while she was in jail may turn out to be the best summary of the ongoing investigation. He said, Out West where you vacation, the aspens will already be turning. They turn in clusters because their roots connect them. Yes, and if Livis goes down, so will Cheney, Roe, Card, Rice, and perhaps even Bush because their roots connect them. How do you like that? To Rootsky? I'll withhold it. Yeah, there Roots, Roots and Roots. It depends on where you are. He says Roots, Roots also says Cash Money. A Crit, A Crit, A Crit, A Crit in the Nick. I got one name. 781 votes were going to have 800 before you can say Jim Manage and four clocked this afternoon. Before you can say Pantheon, P.B. with 630, the Panthers and the Ranger 7-apart night for Madison Square Garden in New York and any K-I for the game. I'm going to listen to a little, and then they got at the Devil's Marnight, but that's a devil's schedule. The Panthers look good. I mean, they've booked it up a little bit, but they look alright. Wanna hear some hockey talk? No, come on. Just, how about a 15 minute segment, like Lee, a little leaf sludge? Good. That's what that guy had called me for, tried to suck me in that hockey tuck. I bet you're rimmers, Pania, on second thought. Hunky-tunk. Oh, a bird flu. Pania. It's also a bit way down to Turkey. Rochor is well. Rochor has been found a rupture. 781. What do you think is the cause of the recent natural disasters? Schmidt happens to 81. Global warming 203. We're paying for the sins of Bush 135. That's a good shot. It's the Gainesfall 48. You got it, man. God has pitched off 43. The end days are near 38 and who cares 33. It's all like gambling. It's going on. God does not like gambling. Bill Bennett. And yours, how fast? That just kind of like, just, oh, this is very nothing to do with it. Good board every black baby in this country in your crime rate would go down. Yeah. Public is a little bit of a piggy-panky with monochin right away. The whole country, the whole world has to go, wow, G. Let's have a big investigation and impeachment and can he star and all the other crap. But here's a guy that comes on here and talks about a boarding every black baby. And I was just, I didn't really take another contours. And he and ever stole a freight train. He's got a gambling probably doesn't know what he's talking about. All of this crap. You don't understand? All of these things. Bill Bennett, you big fat piece of crap. Yeah, the thing that I'm using is a hell out of me. Each and every one of these right wing idiots, every, every one of them is a hypocrite. Bill O'Reilly and his heavy breathing and Russian is killed poppin and Bill Bennett and his racist comment. And every single one of them. Yeah. What's the point? And we in his hide. Fondwood. Mr. Lillison, I presume. You're in Gritz? No, no, no. No, no. Yeah, he likes those nudies, man. While his first wife was gone from cancer. And he was, he was just dying himself. He could have signature on it to horse paper. He's a hell of a guy. In fact, they're talking. They are talking about him running for president, which I find. I was from using. Another good reason to be out of the country is much as possible. 12 minutes passed. No, in the 5, 60 WDQM if you're in a market for a new car. Don't put it off another minute. Get on down and see our good friends. I'm strong for the homestead. They carry the complete line of forwards with great service, election, everyday low prices. Need an F-150 arranger, Mustang or Explorer. Armstrong, 40's got a ton of them. When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong for the homestead, not only do you get a weight. Deal, but you also get Armstrong for the exclusive. On her gov, on duplicatable, tires and batteries for life program. David Richen and Stanford Armstrong for the homestead. We'll hear on T the best price. And because we're locally owned enough right today, always treated just like family. They feature with kid gloves. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No full need deals. Armstrong for the homestead. 307 25 soft sticks. You're high weight. Well worth the drive. Just 20 minutes south of the year. 36. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars.com. And then give David a call at 305. 4751 12. Grab a few miles extra to save thousands and thousands and billions of dollars. And Armstrong for the homestead. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. And we're going to get the best of the best of the best. Under wintering finishes, and from both parties, the crowd offered no authority. And mostly, ladies are there for the football. It costs hundreds of dollars. My crowd. There's no one left to blame at that brownies. Your little couple makes shame. I said brownies. Short corers up and flame. There's no one. I know who's Ford name George Bush. We've better make them shut up before pieces. If we're shooting a stop, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things. I think that he should do time. I was very happy. His way to film to run the F.B.M.A. Some people died when he ran F.B.M.A. Now that everyone knows that you leadership votes, you can go back to your horrors shows. Today, both of the public and van Democrats criticized the fact that brown is still on the subtle payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at a administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. 813 votes on the poll on the World Famous Deal Rodgers Showman. We are absolutely on fire. That's what I'm saying. It's probably a team. I've got a story. I'm just able to judge. I'm sure that he's going to put it on our website right now as we speak. I'm sure I have. Cheney may be entangled in CIA, a lead investigation people say. By Richard Keele on Bloomberg.com, you got it. You're seeing it. You're looking at it. You're not yet going to get it. You're working on it. Take a peek. You see, he stopped talking to me. I'm going to call it a problem. Listen, I just want to make sure that doesn't forget about it because he got a short attention span because he knows there's modeling games. Yeah, we've already forgot about it. Yeah, I forgot about the Marlins. I'll bet. What? I'm not going to read this whole thing as we go on this. This go on before. We don't want to preempt mode doing. Yeah, come on. We want to preempt the mode show. But a special counsel is focusing on whether vice president Dick Cheney played a role in leaking a co-versy-IA agent's name according to people from media with a probe that already threatened to stop White House Aates Carl Roe and Lewis Schoeder-Livey. Schoeder, my ass. What for? Itch is yeah. The special counsel, Patrick Fitzgerald, is questioned current and former officials of WW W as a administration about whether Cheney was involved in an effort to discredit the agent's husband Iraq War critic and former arrest of my Joseph Wilson according to the people. Fitzgerald is questioned Cheney's communications adviser, Catherine Martin and former spokeswoman Jennifer Miller-Wy, so next White House Aates you will consider about the vice president's knowledge of the anti-Welson campaign and his dealings with it with libbie, his chief for stand to people said the information came from multiple sources of request and the number one they want to stay alive and because of the secrecy and political sensitivity of the investigation. Most of the most obviously they want to stay alive. Unlike that British era guy that all of us say just died, he's an ordinary Y. Just dead. Yeah, forget about it. New York Times you've ordered due to the Miller is not testified twice before a federal grand jury, probably in case after spending 85 days in jail for refusing to be cooperate. Road in yesterday's New York Times that Fitzgerald asked whether the vice president had no one what his chief aide libbie was doing in saying we're writing Wilson a critic of the war in Iraq. Fitzgerald as told lawyers involved in the case that he hopes to conclude soon the grand jury's term expires October 28th or could be extended. And there's a growing sense among knowledgeable observers that the outcome will involve will involve serious criminal charges. Oh, right. Fitzgerald is putting together a big case, Washington attorney Robert Bennett who represents Miller said on the ABC TV program this week yesterday. You know who Robert Bennett is? No. He was one of Bill Clinton's attorneys and who his brother is. You can avoid every black thing. That was country. Yeah. Yeah. Robert Bennett. I'm sure not to probably be the brother of the uncle's racist billbent at gambling addict. Finger pointing supermoralist gambling addict. And probably pervert. Believe me, take on the no one. Trust me. I know a pervert. I can spot one or 50 million miles away. All these right wingers man. They are, they make me look like a Sunday school preacher. In other words, pervert. 831 votes in there. Am I impressed or what? 560560. We'll give a few calls in here. Not too many. Town 560 and he Verizon sing it a ride a sign. Well, it's right after you. I'm kipper in all the high holidays. What do you expect from this crowd, right? High. It's after the high holidays. How's George in the Palatau? Are you doing by the way? Who is George E.N. That's a crap. Come in to Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, I'll take this and see it so sharp. 560560, Town 560 on the Verizon and Sing it a wireless line. But he couldn't even understand. Alan Fickle said one. Tether's a sharp. Oh, whatever that means. Now, I think you're confusing with his son Mike. But that's another story for another day. Oh, line 9 Q.A.M. Hello. I don't even have a book that's brought up from here. You ain't coming. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. What's going on? I know you're kind of a movie box and I'm trying to figure out my buddy. There was a movie that came out that was about the world war of Germany. I don't know if you remember anything like that. No, never heard it. Thanks anyway, buddy. Okay. What I tell you, we need to first of all, he's really fantastic cause. Right. Like, movie trivia. Don't talk about movies now. Remember that way, I know. Oh, all of these deals are talking about movies. Who the hell wants to see movies? You need to read it better. Like that. Tell me the Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil, the group. Now, what about the Edward R. Murrow movie? Is anybody seen that? It's out and I haven't seen it yet, but I would like to supposedly Fantastic. I will tell it comes up in my 8,000 cable LTV channels. I'll watch it for free. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Can I have a few speaking? Neil, how's it going? Good show. Okay. I just wanted to ask you if you knew the fact that I'm low, low is about to get inside it and nobody, nobody even seems to care. He's about to get inside it and everybody knows. How do you know he's about to get inside it? How do you know that? How do I know? Well, he says the fact that this, for many, plenty of trail fleeting to him. Yeah. And he's going to be the scapegoat just like Brownie was. But nobody knows that. Nobody knows the trouble he's seen. Exactly. Hey, Carl, do you fare? Yeah. Does he have a right? Do some research. Find out for me if he's got a white figure in the end. He does think he or is there was a bio in one of the margins? Right. He has a child from a previous marriage. Wow. He's like Harriet Myers had never had any children because she's never had married. He's in old school marms. They say, kind of like, he's an old-dike. But forget about kind of Lisa. It's not the end of a try to. But Harriet Myers, the idea that we got this old-dike, who's going to be sitting on the Supreme Court. I'm sorry. It just, it would seem to me that with all the issues, for, for example, what is an old-dike? You've never had a child. What, what, what, what, what do businesses, you guys, other women want to do with their bodies and making really sound a bio, huh? I'm fitnessist. That'd be like, let's make it those ruins. I've said that for years. I've got no business, they can really use about a barction. Right. They're clueling about your own. So let's get some real women on there. Like Gloria Steinem. You know, you know, that's why we go in, so what will you think again? Look at that. Taiman Island, and the Center of Circulation is actually in the north side here. Oh, boy. Through a shower, some blood is really rich in foam. It's about, he is a rat, he is waxing it. And Nicoragua. And a surport, too. Effective travel, web. A name Saturday, Manish on a direct course. If the fisting, uh, had to go into her account, right toward Nolians. Oh, brother. Have it ahead enough yet or what? Oh, God. Just keeps punishing them and punishing them and pummeling them. He has had it with all that depravity. And you notice the last one, the last one also blew through Key West, too. They think it's just a coincidence. No way. Or if I get all that faggling, all that debauchery and a drink, and a bucket and a slum of crap, a lot of bugery. Yeah. I like Key John, crap there and all the Ines, man. I wouldn't be surprised if that Paul Proudam gets like, uh, uh, he's got a coming. Ever see him and Dom Delabista get it by the way? Well, he's got a poor hair. Paul Proudam. For he's, he's the epitome of what newer. Although you got to see that movie, speaking of what we said in comfort. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. But if you want to see what, uh, Luzia and that whole neck of the woods is, I'll talk about Southern comfort man. That'll sit you free. My buddy. He'll hold you out. Hold you. Hold you out. Hold you out. Hold you out. You people got to get smart. Two bad. I don't know. I'm just croaked to because maybe he could help them people get smart. What do you think? Oh, no. What do you believe? Send him to the White House and help them get smart out there. I doubt it. So maybe this is the week that was, baby. Get some indictments coming this week and then we can all go. Yeah. I can really angry. And what's this guy saying? Nobody cares. If indictments come down to get his car all rove man. As hostile and nasty as he's been toward the media. And the way he's tried to manipulate the entire universe like a puppets on a string. They're going to, they're going to fry his fat ass. And believe me, you'll smell the grizzle. You'll smell the grizzle from coast to hot. Ribbon is baby. Oh, brother. Grizzle of his big, and how'd you like to have him and Ned Badey off in a woods together? When it's crowd from ain't free on pines. Like I've actually had a really gay old time with him. It'd be a grease fire if they cost fire. Holding Ned had to act. I don't think, I don't think Carl would be doing an act. He might enjoy it. We like to buy you. Maybe Carl or rove and misfudger doing a little something on the side. I don't know which side. Can do it. Probably the right side. Can do it. Why is this pass? No. It's 5. 60 W.K. When you're shopping for a shoes. You know what it's all about? It's about three things. It's about comfort. It's about fit. And it's about price. All of those things. So do the smart thing. You know what a brand. These shoes for the best combination. The most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes. It's an unbeatable price. Brandy's carries a humongous selection of this about every major brand. Like rock port, floor shine, echo, methystal, essay as new balance. All the top names in the shoe business. And Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure that you've got to customize. And you can do every time. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price. And if Brandy's, you can just about break red, green's life on it. Whatever style you pick out, it's in your size on the shelf right here. And stuff on your faffy right now. The pros and Brandy's understand fit and comfort and Brandy's specializes in wide wits as well. Brandy's is well worth the trip from anywhere in South Florida. So for comfort, style fit, value, and selection. Keep in mind only one name. And that's Brandy's shoes. You'll find them at 12.90 North federal highway and Pompano Beach Open Daily. Filmen, Sunday's still five and right now at Brandy's. It's the Boat shoeman and the Rockport, Spirion, and Spago, Special Discounts and Connection with the Boat Show. Come in this week or visit them on a website. Do your shopping right there at Brandy's shoes. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. It's a go-to-to-to. All in they don't come any better than Todd Keller. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no one knows this because they are aware of how I hold on to my knees, and even if you're doing them the way you act at the feet! Give me your wonderful sun, see, tell me your hmm. She's with me guys. I teach the sky. I teach the sky. I teach it the creator wanted to hear something, and if I combine it with her. That's not how I live in the world. Okay, I'll just sit here. Here we go, I will take you over to my corner. If I areềmorrowed folks, I will just try to get a go to a boil and show everyone I have the chance and for granny to hide from her and my dog. You know what I speak from my dog? That's what Flyers do. All I do is die. Of course, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired of the boat, I'm so tired I'm so tired of the good job. 1233 27 glowingella said 23 out of 27 glowingell oop He's going to be leading passengers from his new autobiography called punching the wolden of the face. 60 on the variety and singular wireless line. Why just got this thing, you know? WKAM, hello. Hey, is it Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just, I was just, I was just a program about, uh, about, we can have two weeks to go up there. Yeah, I think you referred to it as, uh, floating curves and New Orleans and I don't, I don't appreciate that very much. Workin' on the board, how long you been working on the phony accent? We know, you know, we are, you know, we, you know, we, is, this, I like that guy from Loots almost. Fan imitation of the guy from Loots saw how you get, floating in palliate, you turned. Come in to QAM, hello. Just for Jimmy, are it for us? This New Dolphin game really blows? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, no. So when you write better so far, give me several of us doing them dolphin games or gildy on the Panthers, huh? 567, 0560, 560 out of a second Verizon singular wireless lines. WCWAM, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Thank you for all the beef, walk way after the home. No, I saw that, I saw that, uh, Band call on the Y-sauce Angels in that earlier game. That was, that was the end bad. Why is it the nation isn't giving the Y-sauce that you love? That they gave the right Sauce lunch. Because nobody cares about the Y-sauce. They're very, but that's why they call them the pale hoes. Uh, that's interesting. Yeah. No, nobody wants to see a pale hoes, you know what I'm saying? No, fine. Oh, speak to that. The best. I don't, I don't, I don't really have to pull the Fural. Never do that pull again because it's the total waste of time. Not that, not that the other ones aren't too, but, uh, about the most beautiful people in the world, you know, wear in the world. And of course, uh, most of these people have never been more than four blocks from home anyway, but they all got into opinion. I'm going to tell you again, the answer is Germany. It is not even close. Not Frankfort, not Hamburg, but I'm free at about those places. Berlin and Colone. I don't know about the unit coming from the city. I'm going to be a little bit more than a couple of people. Right. I started the version of our new journey. But anyway, the people there are just the whole of my goodness. I was talking to him about that. He's on a first plane. He's over. He's over. He's over. They have this. It's sitting on the Kuda on and from hog and not as having 20 or 30 scoops of your favorite six flavors. Just if they're a little patio out in front watching all the people go buying and just drooling. Not from the ice cream so much. And they're, and the hog and as over there, I've discovered this time is definitely not just like it's not good. It's all in a retract. Although I have had a little banana nut. That's what came back. Now, have you tried that? No. Don't. Well, I notice you do have a mouthful right now. Tony's pizza. Tony's pizza. Thanks. Brad. Brad. Oh, whatever. Tony's. And I'm going to be a third and North West second Avenue. Whatever. Where is he? 141. Right. He is the best. He always comes through for us. No BS doesn't want to come in and talk on a year. But our lunch and lunch just want you to have this running full faith after serving my wine. Cause you didn't give any money. That's okay. You work in com? House of bucks. He doesn't want me to set him up on dates. He just gets the great food and then that's it. Lots lot not any of them that will catch money. But hungry cheese pizza. Moistine was nice and they were during the Mama Final days. The first day bail out of that toilet. wasn't議 day had passed and he rest and had their apartment still. And some выйд題 is all this out. I forgot about that one. Yeah. Now let's see if I can explain this. What is that thing in sports where there's this tremendous, feely touchy, uh, and these people don't want to think about it. Then it becomes very good. No way, I'm before 10 and after 2, you're all a bunch of faggots. You're naked. You're taking shower. That's a gay club you moron. You're in a fan club. You're looking for glory holes. Do my any dolphin bath house. How is your fanglish, your homeless sexual's your feminine. You are faggot. How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? Oh yeah. He's the best. He's very funny. I don't think he'd be right. He hasn't realized it. No. It's just one of those natural things. Yeah. Just come natural. So to speak. At any rate, we miss him a lot from a distance. Not on the air of course, but from a distance. WQAM hello. Hi George. It's the land from the rainbow world. WQAM hello. You'll say hi. Okay. All right. Two things actually won. I noticed the ambit that has very, very many. Yeah. Right. They should do one with a one that calls up with what you take. Would you take? I want to take. What's your turn? Nobody said the name or the side will skip out. Yeah. It's annoying. And I don't know. It's America. It's I'm saying the right name. They have Steve's cane. We see cane. Whatever. Yeah. He's the mouth. Yeah. They can want to write myself on fire. They're for the guy. Okay. We'll give him a chance. See if it works. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. I want to speak to you. Speaking. Hey, Neil. And I've got way. Tell me if you're in a hot game. Is he doing a good job? Yeah. He's doing that. Better than jugs McDonald. He's not even. He'll be with great. What if he's in the last season? Well, what? What? What? Well, what? What? He did some well then I came up with it was. No, I think that was a year. Your memory is still there. Always went. Chris Moron was still doing a game. And he like had a misogame for a, you missed his plane or something in Jersey. Whatever. He had to do an emergency, Phil and yeah. Actually, I do a really good job. And I want to the game on Thursday with my daughter. The game's much more exciting now. Absolutely. I couldn't agree with you more, man. Why do I open? And this is what it should be. The shootout, I hate. But I've been mad if anything is great. I'm a fan again. I'm definitely going back. Okay, Steven, why is his my hero? 5 6 7 0 5 60. How about those leaves? I don't think they're equivalent to a Japanese and Alicine. I don't know. Don't worry. Don't panic. Now we're all sets to hockey tough. We reach our quarter for this week. What a shame, you know. So sad. It's so sad in the time when they spend so much time talking to Same crap with football football. And don't give me wrong. I love football especially like, and I agree with Hank. That college games have been much better in these awful programs. The NFL, like I said before, I'll say it again. It epitomizes America's obsession with celebrating medium equity. It wasn't good enough that we had some great teams and some of the other teams sucked. I mean, that's the way it was. That wasn't good enough. And when we occasionally saw some really fantastic talent. No, not anymore. Now they all have to be mediocre. They all have to suck, including your tank of a bucks. And type of even rhymes with suck. Josh, they're pretty weak. Although I have some injuries yesterday. They still kicked off and I still have some key injuries. Yeah, no catalach Williams. No catalach man. How can he? Just like poor Tom Brady after that Super Bowl. I think it was after there was at the first of the second one when he didn't get the catalach on time. He got all peered by the Australian. Not showing up the first one. Yeah, I bet you've got three of them now. He can have whatever he wants. Tom Brady. He's, you know, oh, I'm going to tell you right now. He is small potatoes compared to, you know what movie was on last night's. George for the 80 million time. And I had to watch a little bit of it. I don't know. Dolly Brasco. Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you something right now. This is again, this is like sunny about the people in Germany and Mayo, Females and by the way, I'm too sure. I want to go to the tip of like two years to get you to watch that. That's a great movie, yes it is. And Johnny Depp and that movie is if there is a, if it's possible that a human being could look any better than he does. Oh, that movie. I can't imagine. That's not what I thought you were going to say. What? But I'm going to talk about it as acting. Because he's acting like a Guido. He's putting on a whole, you know, affected character. Yeah, he's acting like a character. You know, he's playing two characters in the movie. Right. Both of them. He's a great. He's an unsung hero. So forget about Brad Pitt. He's always saggy. He's, uh, we already saw that thing. I mean, oh, which he's, uh, we just a pencil. Me, love. He's not that tall. He was a little bit more. You thought it was just a pencil, Brad. But anyway, Brad put his mouth with a Johnny Depp. He's the man. In fact, who, who is it that Michelle and Miramar whatever her name is? The one that's obsessed with Johnny Depp. You're right sweetheart. And the thing that I had him in my Zeta studio there, we took pictures together. I had my arm around, re-shorter, who's running at leather jacket. Yeah, wow. I have a line for that. But choice we get very upset. 1242 at 5.16WQAM. Ooooo! That's a looser. K-Fall. K-Fall. K-Fall. K-Fall is just a younger. Elsie, both are calving kind. But since you didn't encounter her career as in the K-Fall's, but that's how you've got those men. He's gonna be balls. But that's why your time is winning. She's our red and rosy button. K-Fall's taking our burn, rosy-k-Fall's. She said she didn't do it, but a picture doesn't lie. She went with the OJ to make up the 99. K-Fall's. Her eyes are red and buggy buggy boss. Wait for Donald druggy. She's our red and rosy button. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. So, in the line, the stick is below three, and the Austin Northman deers for a major amendment. By her name, K-Fall's. She's a little bit beneath the looting boss. And as we say in stringing, she's our red and rosy button. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. She's gotta be a nightmare. Her life's a living hell. One minute she's a star. They should get fired by Chanel. K-Fall's. So that's how you got so skinny, skinny boss. That's why your size is winning. She's our red and rosy button. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall's. K-Fall. Likes. K-Fall's. How his lad is. K-Fall. K-Fall's. He's five mil, two mil. Good luck. Behold. What are you talking about? Go help that!? Don't touch that anymore, dude. Who's ass off a guard? Do I need anything? They'll keep you alive opponents, fetus augers, who have strengthensly opposed that will find and seek the research. The other technique makes skin cells revert to the embryonic state in a way that prevents the embryo from implying in the uterus, both that described in today's online edition of Nature. Oh Nature, what's that? It sounds like one of them, Kami Pinko will conspiracy deals. All of them secular humanists are Kami Pinko's. Push in this crap. The technique for making embryonic stem cells without compromising the embryo was developed in mice and has yet to be adapted to the humans but, the two species are very similar at this level embryo development. I can't think of a reason why the technique would not theoretically work in people said Bridget and Hogan and Bridget said Duke University where the Hufflepipes school adduke isn't that where they have that rice diet? Kind of leaves the rice? No, I do. The rice diet, they're famous for that. Obviously, Hank didn't do it. If it does work in people, the technique would divide the proliferated movement of those who are set or reject in vitro fertilization because the objection to deriving human embryonic stem cells would come to rest and create in the embryos in the first place, not under destruction. This gets all around the ethical arguments except for that small minority of the pro-like community that doesn't even support in vitro fertilization to represent a raw scoggy Bartlett Republican or Merlin whose website describes him as a pro-life legislator. Until now, the only way of deriving human embryonic cells has been to break open the embryo before it impents in the uterus as state of which it is called a blastocyst and taking out the inner cell mass who cells will form all the tissues of the future infant. Taking out that cell and taking it to mass. That's a good idea to take it to mass. Just like Michael Correoni took, you know, whatever that's hasn't County's baby and he was the godfather. I'm going to be godfather of the county's baby. Then I'll take care of all the family business. Nine hundred votes and it's 1251. That to me is just, I don't know, well, whether it's scream or each of the kin is banana. And then amazing, not a reverse. It's impressive. I'm impressed. TVR, imitate's called, I could take a lot more of these great calls, but I'm not too sure. I got to, I didn't realize that I had such a heavy pile here, including like this. Okay, TVR, imitate's politics or vice versa. This Ron Silver, you know, he is the actor from the West Wing. Right. Another self-hating Jew. I am so sick and tired of Jews and blacks and fags that like, you know, have like this death wish for themselves that are politically inept. You know what I'm talking about? I mean, I know who the guy is. I didn't hear what he said. Around office water coolers across the nation, fans of TV's the West Wing are wondering whether former Bartlett star, Bruno G. Staffer, Bruno Ginelli, played by the New York actor Ron Silver, was wise to jump in the microchette of shipping began working for Alan Alders Republican presidential candidate. If Silver's real life is any indication he made the right call. Last week, President Bush nominated the self-described 911 Republican to support the directors of the United States Institute of Peace, a Congressally funded think tank charged with promoting international peace and conflict resolution. Silver was spent decades advocating liberal and democratic causes, surprised the entertainment community last year by speaking on behalf of Bush during the Republican National Convention. Kind of like that that sell out, fake it there. It crouched the former mayor of New York that the Silly has you fair. Yeah, Queen. What do you want their pay? Cash money. Lot of it. Just like Armstrong Williams. Oh, my God, that story come up. It's made it. He's been a lot of cash. You could talk about sell out blacks following reason accusations setting former FEMA administrator Michael Brown Supreme Court nominees, Harriet Myers and others, that the Bush administration values partisan, loyally oversubpt in the experience. The silver's resume support is nomination of the select group. No. The incident directors are required by a lot of practical academics and experience and peace and conflict resolution. It's too spokesman Gary Matthew, say he's unaware of any director who had not spent a career in academia in a national development nonprofit worker government, silver to climb a comment. He's mom. He has told an end of the Chinese and espiongule like how spokesman Aaron Heley said and has been involved with various international think tanks. Silver is one of 42 other members of the council and four relations and serves on its independent task force on public diplomacy. The council members are admitted based on peer recommendation, task force members discuss issues in prepared reports. He also sits on the Wilson Council. The Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, Privateist, Secretary of Advisory Group and was presented a photography exhibit in China under the auspices of the State Department Cultural Connect Public Diplomacy Programme. So we feel he's qualified. Heley said, but a state department's source of advice not to be identified because he values his life to this activity hardly represents substantial experience in peace and conflict resolution. He said peace my ass to the extent that public diplomacy is always working toward peace. You could make that stretch. He said, but in terms of conflict resolution as the State Department normally sees, not really. He said, is he qualified? No. No. Really. No. A lot of Chinaman's stance in hell, whether he speaks mandarin or a Sichuan or whatever he's speaking this week. If I said Sichuan? Yeah, sorry. A little spicy, but I can take it. Not currido. No. We like kid curry, but we share it like curry. And you don't want to eat here, man. Too many curry restaurants. In fact, too many people walk around smell like, ooh. Curry. I like it in that earthquake. Now that sounds very insensitive. They're all those poor packies down there. Right? I don't want to be insensitive in their time of hardship, but the fact of the matter is, they be an arch of a missile. That's a new day. That's a new day. To our place we know. That's a new day. No matter if they're. Who's surname begins with a. There's one thing we all understand. There. There. I'll pay to won't be finished until we blow up that mistake. We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our truths, but special forces are so tired of jumping through with animals. You throw me in another place. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up that mistake. All right. Now play the needs and nuclear tank. Why don't we stop with these food? Let's go. That's a new day. Jeffrey on. Call 56 at 5. 60. Have any idea what that meant? Of course not. It would be a boom boom from Burn Baby Burn. Just got a shot. Is it about a driver? Is it going for an old hood? The triums. I'll be damned. That's if we confuse with a chance to get to Kyla. Correct. That's the president like that. Not the song so much but the Kyla. Of course he was governor of that state that's border right ass and on Mexico. Maybe he and Tom Cruise went down there to a T1 and had a couple of pops. You think? There was somebody that's really getting on my nerves bad. Is Tom Cruise. Is each day of my life goes by more and more. He just... I don't know what it is. But every time I see anything about one of his movies or anything at all about him. By the way, someone sent us a cute cartoon about Scientology. Really? Oh, there's something cute about Scientology. Well, that's in Boston. Cartoon's cute. It's a stir. I just want to point it out. Hey, Tommy. You're fair. 1256. 16. Why am I saying, but we're probably going this is not drawn. And it's tied for the excuse they are floating. It's tied once again for the Neil Ratchett. One to two. Power. Woohoo. I'm too much in my heart. I'm too fat in my heart. I'm too fat in my heart. It's all right. It's all green. Forever doing this for all. Today never has when Japanese will lie. I'll be changed. So this break up I feel is a bad thing for me. Those drippers are tied. I feel self-inflation. When they sit to me, you'll just get hurt. I do. She don't you. I'll spend the rest of my life. I'm in another hard-wine. I do. She don't you. She doesn't tell you. I give them just any hope. I'll wait until they see me. If they just break up, leaving me crushed. There's something interesting about the audio on that. It's not like snack crackling and popping. Do you hear that? I thought it was the drum machine. The drum machine? The beatbox. Oh no. Nicola's changed that. A beatbox? I'll be there. Kind of like that judge. I'm sure you do. The Supreme Court's biggest judges refused to date with all the Bush of the District to pursue a $280 billion penalty against tobacco companies on claims they misled the public about the danger of smoking. How do you like that? They refused to allow them to pursue that penalty. The decision to major victory for cigarette makers was not unexpected. Well, we know that at least one of the Supreme Court judges is a small lot. Right? Right. Easy smoking man. Good job. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is Lance from Eugene Thomas. The Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people who's that dead. It's not just a small little marijuana. But I think that it's. And it's not never. Can't you? Yeah, we know. The decision to major victory for cigarette makers was not going to expect to because the government's case is still pending and the federal Sergio presider with an eye on trial has not yet decided whether the tobacco companies are guilty or wrongdoing. They Supreme Court declined without coming to intervene now. The case could be turned to justice is next year. But we get somebody who really knows like Harriet Myers on her. She knows her crap. She's the joys of the Supreme Court. That's what she'll be. She's not going to get to confirm by the. No chance. The fight that the high court was over the amount of money the companies amount of cash money the companies would have to pay if the judge ruled that the the violated the federal anti-racatory law is reco. Rico, which is just a blanket that they show everybody. Are you a racketeering at right? Cheers of. I'll treat a grouping per day. Biggest US cigarette company. Philip Morris, you would say climb $4.34. 6% to 75 bucks in more than 30 minutes of stock exchange. William Olmire, out of your vice president said the decision was appropriate. Attorney General Alberto the torture or Gonzalez said while the administration was disappointed. We continually very strongly in this case. When you're a case all right, Alberto. In fact, if they outlawed us, they banned cigarette sal together. What would they have to find something else to burn the asses of the prisons with. Like like maybe a red hot poker. I think a red hot poker would be good. Yeah. Low torch. Just like the long robbie Vincent told the coach to stick in one on one. You saw that movie of course. I don't recall. Oh. Anyway, what do you think is the cause of the recent lack of the sanctions? I can't believe the. This is part of the course man. Why should our audience be in a different. They got a different agenda all the time. Nothing moves them. That's because they're in subfloor. Their brains are fried. When you people get a wake up and realize, here we got another one of these hurricanes. Wilma. What will he Wilma? That's it's on a way right up towards cancun and then super right up to go for the New Orleans again. How many times does the Lord have to use a message before you get it? About twenty minutes. Oh, we got about twenty seven ago. Any, I guess. Ninth hundred and thirty two votes. What do you think is the cause of all this recent crap? Schmidt happens three thirty four. Just happens. Global warming 242. We're paying for the sins of Bush 159. It's the Gainesville 59. Just like everything else. If you had a bad thought of diarrhea, it's the Gainesville. If you're lunch is cold, it's the Gainesville. Right. If it rains like hell all day and spills your picnic, it's the Fagsfall 59 people say that. God is pissed off 48. Oh God. It's pissed off and fired up. And whatever you do, don't forget about it. Pist off. Pist off. Get me fired up when I hear someone say that. The end days are near 42 and who cares 30. That's the oblivious crowd of matter. What the fuck? Nine hundred and thirty two votes. They're just after one o'clock and Josh is really pleased his punch. We've got to show it 11 hundred and they're doing the show. During the show, 11 hundred votes. That's more people than listen to Joel Feinberg station for months. 11 hundred. Chris. Yeah. How do you like that Joel? You're fair. Conquerical storm will most strength in the day after four more Northwestern Caribbean. Now do we need to want to talk about this? Not going to hit South Florida. But I think it's, you know, it's part of our blood. No? I don't care. I say yes. I'm going to put this out to some of the little Julio, if you can sit there and tell me not to read it. You want to waste a page and a half of my facts paper. Oh, if you saw how much facts paper I waste. Including everything that he sent me by the way, Prince out two pages. I still don't know what that is. I don't care. I've money to burn, baby. People are always money to burn. I'll put that song by the, uh, the tramps. This going for a big fire. The court was so down at CNN once and then they got bigger fish to fry. Our Sodom goes on trial Wednesday. There we go. I'm going to turn it. Parallel. This is for our Supreme Court Justice parents, token Thomas. We're going to big fat one parents. Come on. We're going to have an eight son Sentinel. Right there. In fact, take the Sunday TD or take Tom Jick as 2 and 8 and roll off a big fat one right on that page. He's rolling it. Okay. It's enough. Tropical Storm levels cranked in today. After four million earth questions, Caribbean, time to record for most terms in the Atlantic season and following a path of good minutes. The Gulf Coast next week is a hurricane. Oh, my. Oh, Jesus. Well, as the 21st name is German, the season because God is picked off. What are you people going to smell of man? What does he got to do to get the message across to it? He keeps slapping virgin Mary's face under overpass underpass into Chicago and on the side of bank buildings and on proteinless pizzas and grows a low-pizzed house and on those cheese sandwiches and he still can't get the message. And some Jack asked us for cash money goes in the options it off on eBay. And that's that's pretty. So, we're a crash to be asked me. Cras on son, the virgin Mary on a cheese sandwich on eBay and taking cash money for it. The only other time this many storms have formed since hurricane keeping again 154 years ago was 1933 and that was a very good year because that was near Hoover was going out and after the hour was coming in to begin dragging us out of the depression. Of course, it wasn't for WWE to do. We never got out of the depression but I have to be side of point. And a lot of the clock this morning will have to sustain top winds near 45 miles an hour up to five, up five miles in three hours. In other words, it's growing. It's strengthening. It was said at about 220 miles south southeast of Grand Cayman and drifting south west near five miles an hour. Let's see, a storm I don't want to read all this because it's going to run into with us. It's going to bring four to six inches away in the Cayman hounds and Jamaica, man in Jamaica. It's a good machine, man. It's a good machine. I just, I am never, I don't know. I've got a, before I die, I have to make my men my ways with the Jamaican way. Make your peace. No chance. With as much as 12 inches possible in some areas the National Hurricane Center says long term forecast show the storm heading into the Gulf of May, go by the weekend. Forecasters at high water temperatures, other conditions. High water temperatures. That sounds like global warming again. We're favorable for to become a significant hurricane. The hurricane specialist, Stacy Stewart said, well, my shift at west of its previous path, could it mention those Eucotan Peninsula? At this time, it doesn't appear to be a major threat to the western and the next five days. But then, but, well, is that expected to be emerged into the Gulf and could become a threat to the southern United States, the Gulf Coast. Usually, where a storm gets in big office going to hit somewhere, so the hurricane center meteorologist Larry Lehiw, where it's through the until right now, some models take it west, some take it north, and some just take it up the nose. Okay, Mars. I like that. So it's, I mean, it's got, look at him. She's on her right now. We're just into the Gulf of May. The weather's special. The long way to go on this one, and a lot of changes are likely going to happen. Must be just a coincidence that they got to track 20 right smack into Orleans. They got into Orleans like written on the map. They're going to have a big point of their like, you're going to get it again. Man, God is so, he is foaming it them off about this depravity and insanity that's going on his planet. Ages keeps racking it and racking it. He's still all kid the message. People that are making right with the Lord, I'll tell you that right now. Look at this, they're showing some none, some penguins here in the world. Yes, you may. Nice afternoon, honey. Having the little girls. 946 vote on his pool. So not even one 15. This is shocking. I wish I'd actually Joel Finder just thrown all a furniture over all. Every room I had building over there. Just throwing it all around. Finding out that I'm back. Number one, which is just, makes him, did you talk about Joel Finder when I was on vacation last week? I'm not going to bad now. Joel Finder. I'm not going to go to work there one day. You better hope you don't. So you better pray it all as day's got a lot of cash money. Yeah. Speaking of cash money, investigators at the education department of contact that U.S. attorneys office regarding the Bush administration's hiring, a commentator Armstrong Williams sell out black guy to promote it to gender and boys he ever heard. He makes me look good. He looks like Johnny Demp. The action was disclosed by Senator Frank Lotton, Bergdemocrat and New Jersey was press for a criminal fraud investigation focused on questions about whether Williams actually performed the work cited in his monthly reports to the education department. The GAO has concluded that the education department engaged in illegal covert propaganda. Kind like that states press conference with a true class Thursday, WDP propaganda. That's all they know is propaganda because they can't tell you the truth, and if they totally the truth number one they'll all be in jail and number two we don't be screaming in the streets. Blondie Murder. The GAO is concluded that the education department engaged in illegal covert propaganda by hiring widow to steal something, no child left behind. Without require him to disclose that it was being paid. Cash money. The education department's instructor generals also reviewed the Williams Deal which is part of a broader contract that the education agency ended with ketchup and public relations firm. Catch the marijuana, you can. Before it gets away just like Osama. of Sama catching before it's too late. Now the U.S. attorney for DC is investigating whether Williams accepted public money with a cash money without performing his required duty said then cash. Chief counsel for law and burg. The attorney's office is a range of potential remedies from suing to recover the money to cash money to possible criminal charges. Cats said, Oh, wouldn't this be wonderful, huh? All of these people on record's island now that they let out will see no. Would it be fantastic? Or maybe an out contract is a bigot. Is that still open and they closed out of the transfer? I, as a prison, that's closed. If the Bush were and that would be called Alky. Oh, cute. Williams spokesman Shirley Dave said the commentator hadn't been informed about the latest development had no comment. Of course, he's mom. She had said previously that Williams was negotiating with a department of return part of the cash money was pay. I see the deal occurred during the tenure of former education secretary Rod Page and education departments spokeswoman Susan Asphe had no comment in the work of Inspector General's office which operates independently. Independent, rather Inspector General Counsel Murray Mitchell's and also his mom. In October 6th, the returning general Albert Cove and Zell was law and Bergen Senator Ted Kennedy said questions of fraud remain. Law and Bergen also by the education department's office in fact, in general, to more fully investigate the contract. I like that. Everything is a flimflam and a big sham and the smear and smear. What a rich Richard Clark. What a good shows if Wilson, what a wiser, a vowry, a smear and smear. What it was Scott the winner. What it was Hans Blix. Any upstanding person that comes along and tells the truth, smear and smear him. Okay. It's the old smear clear, except of course for the ones that are a part of the group. Part of the group. Part of the moon. They're exempt for now. 950 votes. It's not even 115. I bet you great weed is sitting in there rubbing his hand like together like a grasshopper. So I've said it. Probably because he hates you so bad. So God. 119, over a guillotine a panter game. It's 7.00 o'clock from MSG in the York. 972. We're going to have that 1,000 by the bottom of the hour. And it's 1100 to be like fallen right off a log. You know, all of the top of a log cabin. Speaking of people who may be falling off the deep end, a hearing for a swap shop owner, Preston Hen, which delayed for a month while his legal team awaits the results of Hen's psychiatric evaluation. Hen 74 was due to begin his trial this morning and charges a simple battery criminal mischief and battery of a law enforcement officer. But our circuit judge John Murphy said a status conference for November 18. Whatever that is. Hen was charged with a cram stemming from May 20th incident in his swap shop flea market on sunrise, blah, blah, blah, blah. After he got into a dispute with a vendor. BS. Oh, definitely. So we spotted the incident shot him with a tazer stun gun and head over BS. Oh, just received since that incident. Hen has twice been involuntarily admitted for psychiatric evaluation under Florida's Baker Act and you know the kind of people that have to be Baker acted. There are people like I got a little off of the fence. I'm going to tell you why this happened. You know, you were only here and here on this show. You want to what happened? What happened? Just like our poll today about all these disasters that haven't known. God is calling in the chips. Chips. Whatever it is. What we're right now. And all those remotes that we had to do with the swap shop. God is punishing you, Preston, for making me smell that elephant crap and that sawdust man. That's what it is up there on that stage with those blistering hotlights. And he finally admitted one time and him and his good buddy Nick de Barrel was always hanging around there when I was doing that show. He admitted that they did just like, like an instant anything with me. What the lights are the elephants. Both you get those hot cleaglights on that ring with the elephant droppings in it. Sawdust. Oh, my. Do I like I have to tell you? No, you don't have to tell me it would be good. Oh, they can still smell it. That was like a hundred years ago. I had to still smell it. So the Lord is punishing you, Preston, for your evil ways. You better be ped-before us to light, Mr. Swap this. Ninety two. How much if I were first you were getting really close to a thousand, you know it? And these people out there, well, what do you think? It makes a nine eighty man, nine eighty on the AM dial. God, what a spot. I don't even know anything on 90. Do. No, of course, I don't know about the AM. Yeah, we're going to see a fellow one thousand. What a great spot to be on the dial, you know? Fifty thousand was at one thousand right in the smack and middle the dial. What a great. What a great thing. Too bad Barney Piping on no more. Or Bob Elson and the White Sox. It's a ball outside. Well, you think you think that Dave Ann Boring is tremolo. Wow. Dave Ann Boring sounds like a Mexican jumping being an heat compared to Bob Elson. The long time voice of the Chicago White Sox, you're perhaps just going to be World Champions. They got a call before about how come America doesn't because we don't. We don't care about the pale hose. And especially after that bogious call that there was a game one or two Josh came to a two. Yeah. Because the angels won a first game, right? Yes, that's it. And then the White Sox had one that disputed. I mean, that was just ridiculous. I wonder how much cash money somebody has some must have changed hands there. Straight three, you're out. Oh, well, guess what? I changed my mind. You're not just a run-of-first base. And I'll say I'll make up a story. In addition to which it showed very clearly that the ball never hit the ground. They show that replay how many thousand times. Not third man. And even Josh would agree with that. Yes. Being the baseball analyst that he is. It's Bush, Cheney, and not World, let me write Frank Rich. We like Frank Rich a lot. He writes in New York Times. There hasn't been anything like it since Martha Stewart fended off questions about her stock trading scandal by a manically chopping cabbage on the early show on CBS. Last week, the setting was today on NBC with image of President Bush medically hammering nails at a habitat for humanity. Construction site on the Gulf Coast was juggled with a site I'm trying to duck mad hours questions about Carl Roe. As with Ms. Stewart, Mr. Bush's paroxism of panic was must CTV. The president was a blur of blinks, tapped, jiggled, pivots and shifts. They in the middle back wrote in Washington Post. Asked repeatedly about Mr. Roe of serial appearances before Washington Grand jury. The Henry Mr. Bush for once re-refted a script improvised a passable imp, a passable impersonation of Norman Vates being quizzed by the detective in psycho. Like Norman and Ms. Stewart, he's Stonewall. That's Stonewall may start to crumple in a Washington courtroom this week or next. In a sense, it already has. Now, as always, what matters most in this case is not what a Mr. Roe and Louis Lovie scooter limited. He engages in a petty conspiracy to seek revenge on a whistleblower Joseph Wilson by unmasking his wife Valerie A. Covert C.I.A. officer will make his Patrick Tvitz-Siro's investigation compelling. Whatever it's outcome is its illumination of a conspiracy that wasn't at all petty. The one that took us on false promises in way reckless and wasteful war in Iraq. That conspiracy was instigated by Mr. Roe's boss George W. Bush and Mr. Lovie's boss Dick Cheney. Mr. Wilson is why for a trashed to protect that larger plot. Because the personnel in both stories overlap, the bits and pieces we've learned about the leaking, according to the past two years, have gradually helped fill the fire and the urban narrative about the war. Last week was no exception. Deep in a Wall Street Journal account of Judy Miller's Grand Dury appearance was this crucial sentence. Lawyers, for me, with the investigation, believed that at least part of the outcome likely hangs on the inner workings of what has been dubbed the White House Iraq Group. Very little has been written about the White House Iraq Group, or wig. It's in section August 2002, it must be fully invasion of Iraq was never announced. Only much later, with newspaper article or two mentioned it and passing, reporting that had been set up by Andrew Card, the White House Chief of Staff. It's eight members included Mr. Roe, Mr. Lovie, Condolese, Eris, and the Stinmysters care and use in Mary-Madeline, its mission to market a war in Iraq, to market a war in Iraq. Of course, the official Bush history would have us believe that in August 2002, no decision had yet been made of that war, they scrapped it into formation of Wyd and tell us otherwise. On July 23, 2002, a week or two before wig first convene and earnest, a British official told his peers as recorded in the Southamist Downing Street memo, that the Bush administration was ensuring that the intelligence facts about a race WMD were being fixed around the policy of going to war. And on September 6, 2002, just a few weeks after wig first convene, Mr. Card alluded to his group's existence by telling Elizabeth Vuemer over the New York Times that there was a plan of foot to sell a war against Sotton Hussein. From a marketing point of view, you don't introduce new products in August, he said. The official introduction of that product began just two days later. On the Sunday talk show, there's a temperate, Ms. Rice warned that we don't want to be the smoking gun to a mushroom. We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud. And Mr. Chanye would already start the nuclear doomsday drumbeat in three August speeches. The scribe Sottom has actively and aggressively seeking to acquire nuclear weapons. The vice president said that his evidence, say, front-page article leader debunked about supposedly the Ferris aluminum tubes covered in bi-judimail in that morning's times. The National Security Journalist James Vamper, today, perpere a pretext for war, writes that the article was also perfectly timed and facilitated, exactly the sort of propaganda coup that the White House Iraq Group have been set up to save managed, pause at this point. Well, it's a long article. All right, I go to the break. Well, I take it one thing. It's one twenty six already. This show is flown by like we're on for five minutes today. What's that all about? It's, you know, you took that vacation? Is that it? Well, guess what? I'm going on vacation again tomorrow. Oh, and then we have to go. Oh, I figure. And these shows will just fly by for me anyway. Twenty six past one, we got to a moment. You're standing by. Do do do do do do. If you're on a two. The tone of aDIE. That we ought to go. One, segunda shot. Now. Unless you're my column. He's the other count now. I know I am too bold. I see that here at 9 in Hode, I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. The bottom of the row. The middle of the row. Why not? Let's go. I'm almost a thousand. I'm almost a thousand. cloud, uranium was another favorite image imp号 Serge Portnoded and was captured. It was edited in Disney's in the start of the American invasion of Iraq. There were indications that evidence of a sadon nuclear program was fraudulent or non-existent. Joseph Wilson's CIA mission tonight, which in his year, I'm sorry, has mission in the year, which failed to find any evidence to back up your winning claims to place nearly a year before the president's 16 words, but the truth never mattered. The Bush-Chainee product rolled out by card, role of Libyan company, had been bought by Congress to press in the public. The intelligence of the fact had been successfully fixed to sell the war in any member of Mr. Bush's Aeron 16 words, melted away during shock and awe. And months later, when actual security officials, Stephen Hadley, took responsibility for allowing the president to address the nation about mythical uranium, no one knew that Mr. Hadley had been a member of WIG. It wasn't until the war was supposedly over with mission accomplished in May 2003, that Mr. Wilson started to add his voice to those who were disputing the administration's uranium hype. Members of WIG had a compelling motive to shut him down, and contrast to other skeptics like Muhammad Al-Beraday, of international atomic energy agency, this used Nobel Peace Prize winner. That was an American diplomat. He had reported his findings in New Jersey, or on government. It was a dagger aimed at the heart of WIG, and its disinformation campaign, exactly who tried to silence him and how, is what Mr. Fritz-Cerrell presumably will tell us. It's long been my hunches, Frank, which that the WIG guides were at their most brazen and illegal terms reckless during the many months that preceded the Obama-Mr. Fritz-Cerrell as Special Counsel. When Mr. Row was asked on camera by ABC News in September 2003, if he had any knowledge of the Valerie Plain League and said, no, it was only hours before the Justice Department would open its first-leak investigation. When Scott McFellon later declared that he would have been personally assured by Mr. Row and Mr. Libby that they were not involved with the League, the case was still in the safe hands of the Attorney General of Injorn Ascroph, himself a three-time-growth client in past political campaigns. The Mr. Row may be known as Bush's brain. He wasn't smart enough to anticipate that Justice Department career employees would eventually pressure Mr. Ascroph to be accused himself because of his conflict of interest, turning away from outside prosecutor as independent Mr. Fitzgerald. Bush's brain is the title of James Morey Wayne Slavey's definitive account of Mr. Row's political career. But Mr. Row is less of his boss's brain than another a literary organ or organs that which provides testosterone. As we learn in Bush's brain, bad things usually character assassination often happened to Bush Poes, whether Anne Richard Zujonma came, on such occasions Mr. Bush stays compassionately above the fray, while the ruthless Mr. Row operates below the radar always separated by a layer of operatives from any ill behavior that might implicate him. There is no crime, just a victim, Mr. Moremister Slater, right in this repeated pattern. This modest operand, that was foolproof, shielding the president as well as Mr. Row from Complicability, as long as it was about winning an election. The attack on Mr. Wilson by contrasts has left them in the Cheney-Libi tag team vulnerable because it's about something far bigger. Protecting the lies that took the country to what the Regan administration national security agency director intended General William Odomar's call, the greatest strategic disaster in U.S. history. Whether or not Mr. Fitzgerald on purpose in inditable crime, there is once again a victim, but that victim is not Mr. Mr. Mises Wilson, it's the nation. It's surely a joke of history that even as the White House sells this weekend's past traditional referendum is yet another victory for democracy and Iraq, we still don't know the whole story of how our own democracy was hijacked on the way to war. Now, did anybody care to understand? Of course, I was in five Outsendopol. Are you impressed? Yeah. No. No, you're not. Sure. It's not going to be a good tool to other hundred by two o'clock. We're often such a sterling of phenomenal start. And it is usual, by the way, a Hispanic, we're number five with Julio. That's not too bad. You know, that's what you're all the Julio's. It's the worst you can have. I don't know anybody in. And then you say that? You're prejudiced. Blorings you. Pregnits against wealth against Cubans. Get out of here. I love my Cuban friends. Well, depending on what they look like. You just want them to hit. You're so full of crap. But the budget, the regroups again reinforcements all the way to the state. They'll be like me, you'll come, you anti-Semitic again. You know, you're a whole couple. Hmm. I beg your pardon. Said how to go. That part is true. You're fair. Marjoralized. And listen, I'm not going to go into it. I'm just tired of clones. You know what I mean? Can't handle clones. Marjoralized. And I don't want to go into the thing about Philopino either. But I've been marginalized by his use of what you listen to this. Please Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. See you all the little time of Bethlehem. I'm trying to everything points to it. You see how we put all these pieces together. God. God. Just pulling it to mouth. The new people are like busy farting around. You know, watching stupid ball games in crap. Don't forget the panther game by the way, 7. Marjoralized by his university colleagues, ridicule is a crack by the scientific establishment Michael B. That's V-A-E-E-H-E. It's like the first four letters of my name. Michael B. continues to tell his traditional theory of how the world came to be. For more than a decade, they've tanned your league high university by a chemistry of professor and author. It's been one of the nation's leading performance of intelligent design. A movement trying to alter how Darwin's theory of evolution is taught in the schools. This week, the Heavals has to find federal courtroom and heresprud, and at landmark case about whether students in Pennsylvania classroom could be required to hear a statement before their evolution classes that says Darwin's theory is not a fact. What do you require? We require. The fact is that most, in fact, aren't they living proof of evolution right there? No, that makes the contrary case. I see. D-E-E-E-V-L-E. Well, they just had weeks in exchange. The fact that most biology text act more as cheerleaders for Darwin's theory rather than try to develop the critical factors that their students show the faculties of their students shows the need I think for such statements, being he said. In paper speeches and the 1996 Pescelling Vocal Darwin's Black Box, being he are used at Darwinian evolution cannot fully explain the biological complexities of life, suggesting the work of an intelligent force. Woohoohoohoo. His life on the academic fringes can be lonely. Critics say the concept is nothing more than biblical creationism in disguise. The longer we go stop the plank for grants and try to get his work published in mainstream scientific journals, it august his department posted a website saying the concept is not scientific. For us, that could be his position as simply not science. It is not grounded in science and should not be treated as science at needle Simon, the biology department chairman used to write some fantastic plays. Not funny. No, fantastic but not funny. Anniversary of his play. Yeah. Movie sucked. Oh, I see. We're like, which one? Like a Blocsy blues, a good bi-girl. You said, oh, good bi-girl. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah. B.D. said it was a blieber in Darwin. He joined the hi-85. But became a skeptic after reading Michael Denton's book Evolution A Theory in Crisis. B.D. He's big idea published in Darwin's Black Box and won the Catapult of Him do academic fame is irreducible complexity. Well, it's an ocean that's certain biochemical systems are incapable of having evolved in Darwin's infection because they require all their parts working simultaneously. Wow. B.D. Use the mousecraft tool to illustrate the concept. Take away exhibits parts, platform, spring, hammer, catch, and the mouse trap catch mice. Intelligence design becomes apparent when you see a symptom that is a number of parts and you see the parts are interacting with a performer function. He said, in other words, nature isn't complex enough to do that. Of course not. That's stupid. Right. The book put the positive case for design on the map in the way that some of the previous intelligence design work had not done since Steven Meyer who makes a hell of a winner. Directly set up for science and cultural activity with scrubber institute, most of academia appended. Eugene E. Scott, director of the National Center for Science Education and I do dream of Eugene E. He said he believes that B.E. thought he discovered something astonishing, but no one is using irreducible capacity as research strategy in a very good reason because it's completely fruitless he said. B.E. finds community in a web group that he says includes like mine and faculty from other universities. Most keep their views of themselves B.E. said because it's dangerous to your career to be identified as an ID proponent intelligent design. He, or intentionally had before becoming a proponent which such an expressive views without better losing his job because of the immense publicity that's mushroomed around this issue in the past six months. He doesn't have the loose mushroom. More people are getting emotional about the topic B.E. He said it's there about my staff. That's a good reason. All I can say is, B.E.E. God. Have it helped us. 142, you're going to be sorry, man, when the Lord comes in, it calls you to the poorly gates. And ask you to account in a tone for your indifference and your calis attitudes of all is crap and your over involvement with ball games and guys that run around with a jobstraps and take showers with each other. Which also sounds kind of gay to me and believe me, I know. I know from gay. A thousand and 15 votes were not even going to get close to 1100. That's okay. Once we got to the thousand, they like, you know, that's all we care about. A bitch. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. The democracy is like a trick. It's starch from a tiny little bit. It's okay. That gets planted by military occupation. And then the sheep begins to grow and when the grows grow, it's all firm, strength. And actually, we're doing it. It's spreading democracy. Like giant cashtacles across the sea. The democracy is a trade. The democracy is a trade. The democracy is trade. The democracy is trade. I'm more unjust to your president. I'm bigger than Jesus. I know that question. He told me, show. National. He's got only a special pressure to connect and connect. But he said, science and liberals are bad things. So stick your yellow ribbon stickers next to your shock of all the key things inside. You black and white are destroyed. The democracy is a trade. The democracy is a trade. The faith is a trade. Look at me. I'm a leader of the free market. Nobody knows more about freedom than me. I put the bill to the free government. I lost him. I've a work of kind of pressure. I like being a little bow down. 147 a queue. I'm 13 minutes away from the mobile. I said we got a thousand and twenty-seven boats. No, we're near 1100. Of course, you should. Don't count your votes until they hatch, until we're in hatch. Now, there was this story that the hero is even to pull on. I'm a little bit confused about it. West Miami restaurant's name is Tustanci for somebody. Do you see this? No. West Miami restaurant has been denied a sign permit for the e-reason name, which some consider a scene. And I keep reading through this, but I don't see the name of the restaurant. Maybe that's how it's seen it is. I see. Some customers give it when they tell friends to me, they want to do Spanish restaurant on red road. Others might blush. The cooks and waiters don't bad in my life. Even though the name is considered a profanity by many, it's used in the same that roughly translates to go to hell. And it's defined in several Spanish dictionaries as males in a tadia. The restaurant's orders maintain it's not a cuss word. They point to a 15-century definition of closeness on a sailing vessel. Oh, that's the cut-up. It says not convinced West Miami City officials who deny the restaurant a permit for its signs. The sign hanging out in front of the place open almost three months ago has to come down by today. Or the owner's face day two and fifty day dollar, they find this was seven days zero. I don't think, huh? I said, mmm. I don't think it belongs in our community, he said, Maria Mojini, who lived here the restaurant and was the first car called a city complaint. They're being silly and need to grow up, said George Reyes. One of three owners of L.I.C. is in there, but the word is chopped off here. What is it again? Carajo. El Carajo, who of a partner in the city. I've been told the story of the origin of the word and why it is a bad place to be sent to. Just the other day, if you want to hear it. Go ahead. It was the crow's nest. And Spanish people, Cubans in particular, they say go to Carajo instead of go to hell. Because it does like sending someone to hell. In Fiat Noah is just like that has no substance to meeting with. Go out. But sending someone to the crow's nest is from the old sailing day. You know how the Spanish is just to sail to find places to rape and kill. Oh, you know. The sailor was a, it was bad or that he would get the the crap duty on the ship, which means that he had to go and sit up on the crow's nest, which was a bad place to be. You got to be. You got to be. You got to be. You know, you got rained on. It was bleak up there. Something happened. I said, would send you to El Carajo and you'd have to climb up the pole and sit up there and get crap on by the pigeons. I see by the sun. So that's why it's that. Well, there you go. And of course, the hero really mentions it one time they have to search for it. They're in a stir because the hero doesn't want to be like a bunch of potty mouse and have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have a bunch of or not for an agro for is now. Right up there with Al Goldstein and Larry Flint. Yeah. I was in 40 votes. 1040. That's KXEL and Waterloo Iowa. 1040 on the AM dial. Am I right? If he's a self. But you used to live in that neck of the woods there in Nebraska? Yeah. I'm still living here. CL came booming in there at night. Yeah. What's the pot of time with those of us who were radio buffs? We were all the stations. All the 50,000 mock third channel when you're watching the thing. I think I'd never been to Nebraska. I mean Montana. Yeah. Water. How far is Iowa from Montana, Mr. Hofstra? Iowa? Yeah. Too far? No. Is there any other stations? Yeah. You can meet KXEL 50,000. 1040 on AM. You hear it like it was stuck in your... Right. That was those booming. James Carroll writes, and this is ties right in with our poll today in the Boston Globe, all God all the time. When they told us in Sunday School that God is everywhere, they could have been talking about the recent news cycle. With Harriet Myers, we see that God lives in the politics of the West of pink court nomination process. And a culture defined by separation in church and state. President Bush in his allies have mastered these religious affirmations of the deflection. Not only of criticism, but of critical thought. God is thus a trump card, a free pass. If the president said it as a member of Congress can justify the decisions by appeals to God, why not judges? Acts have got as the phrase applied to it, staggering natural disasters from Katrina and the Pakistan earthquake to the coming AVM flu. At the same time, survivors of such catastrophe, credit God, for having saved them, is if God calts it that all the others die. Humans are for place when want and suffering occurs, especially among young children, and assumptions about God are overturned. The question becomes, how could God let this happen? Today in Pakistan, where fatal disease, hunger and thirst go unawaited, the very ones who praise God last week for spurring them are plating with God now to know a veil. In the argument between creationists and scientists, those families of defend God make absolute claims about mysteries of the past is if they themselves were there, air force flyers have thought of God as their co-pilot in the past, but in today's Air Force, God sits atop the chain of command. At the US Air Force Academy, which was rocked by sex scandals not long ago, God has now be designated dean of discipline, but this jeopardizes infantile careers. Unicohesion requires conversion, and need displays of faith can be a prerequisite for promotions throughout the government, where the White House itself is a house of God. In Iraq, meanwhile, somebody will turn his body into a tomb today, killing others by blowing himself up by saying, God is great. Who is this God and whose name is somebody diverse in troubling things, state place? Why is it assumed to be good to refer one's faith in such an entity? Why is it thought to be wicked in the United's existence? Most striking about so much talk of God both were fermented in the night is the way in which many who use this line, would see it all exactly to what end or whom it refers. God is spoken of as if God were the Wizard of Oz, or the great CEO in the sky or grandpa, or the Grand inquisitor. God is the clock maker, the puppeteer, the author. God is the light, the mother, the wind across the sea, the breath, and every set of lungs. God is the horizon, that is all of these things. All of these things. But what if God is none of them? What if every possible affirmation that can be made of God, even by the so-called religions of verbally? Truth of God has to be false. Who's the atheist then? The good God talked that infuses public discourse in contemporary America. This sends from an anthropomorphic habit of mind dating to the Bible and beyond the tree, and God, like an intimate friend or well-known enemy, depending on the weather and the outcome of battles. But there's another strain in the biblical tradition that insists on the radical other myths of God, and otherness so complete that even the use of the word God is the name for this other one is forbidden. According to this understanding, God is God precisely in escaping and transcending comprehension by human beings. This can only seem to be in the God as simply unknowable. If so, humans are better off not bothering about it. Atheism agnosticism, or childish anthropomorphism, all the same. But here's where it gets tricky. God's unknowability is the most enlimiting profundity humans can know about God. That would mean that other religious languages instead of opening in the absolute seritude, and which all forms of tramples superiority are based, would open into two modesty. The closed creation in which every question has an answer would be replaced by infinite cosmos where every answer sparks a new question. If what we mean by God is the living pulse of such openness, then God is of no use in systems of dominance, censorship or power. God is everywhere, yes, but also God is nowhere. God too shows in America, especially in its fake religiosity. 154 QAM, I'm glad I got that in. You didn't even mention it. For years I've been telling you about drug concepts, the best carpet cleaning your body, your armpit teeth, no they can also save you hundreds of you thousands of dollars by doing other things for you. During the last October, drug concepts is offering a special on a pulse re-cleaning. Drug concepts can be due in a deferenture at a fraction of the cost of replacement or re-appulsed ring. Drug concepts will custom clean your furniture according to the piece and fabric, no browning, no color bleeding, physical damage or shrinkage. Read your home of all the summer germs and bring your carpets back to life and why do I have to take a band to you outflowers, a post-reclating special that have the furniture clean too. Drug concepts for a facial staff is always improving the survey with the most advanced cleaning systems out of the sun. Drug concepts that only place to call, which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my home, I'm gagging on it. To date, Brown and Palm Beach is called 1-800-248-5071. That's right 1-800-248-5071. Run a website, rock concepts.com. Clean today, entertain the night by calling dry concepts. This is New Rogers. This is my 16-key. This is Larry King and they don't come any better than the old rock. I'm really digging my bins, but when I'm coming on, it's a real experience too. I'm really digging my bins, but when I'm coming on, it's a real experience too. I'm really digging my bins, but when I'm coming on, it's a real experience too. I'm looking down and you're wasn't no-fame, but when it's up, oh, if we get upon my bin, hey, we got to trim a car, keep believe how I'm talking. I'm sorry to think of shortening when you're walking, filming the cry, no, I don't mean the curse, but it's something we'll be up in when you're taking them up. Oh, this is taking time. I can't afford to try to buy the matter where we are. Those are pumping all up in the water. I'm doing it to God. I'm not registered to Ben Tady. Bye-bye, bye!