Mmm, that smells delicious honey. I know, but we're not garring. Honey, ready for dinner? No, no, I'm not smells heinous. I can't eat that crab. Is a junkie in your family, overly critical of your cooking. Are you a need of something to bring back is strung out appetite? Hi, my name's Barb Bichu and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances that will restore your drug-addicted child appetite. Just inside for Christmas. Introducing the crab pot. Now you can cook up those shrumes, micro dots, yellow bees, gargis, smack-a, and angel dust with the crack pot. Honey, ready for dinner? No, hey, mom, that smells... Hey, dude, mom, that smells right, cheers. Thanks, crack pot. The crack pot. The perfect Christmas gifts for the strung out junkie in your family. Are they able to now at the bottom? Are they very carefully restored? All right, what a perfect spot bit for this radio station, the crack pot. Terral 3 and 560, WQAM, happy Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday. They'll cross over because the Humphors on a way back from cover and lifestyles to buckle a ball game. I don't watch one second of that, a blowout, anybody would know. Why do you even bother playing those games? Somebody might get hurt. Anyway, Jordan is back today. Yo, yo. He's back from the fever and chills in the nagging and aggravation at home. We're now in getting nagging and aggravation at work. The beast is with us again today who did not get on the scale at home yesterday. He wasn't intentional. What do you mean it wasn't intentional? In other words, if he would have gotten on it, it would have been intentional. But not getting on it wasn't intentional. You just forgot. How about today? Yeah, I mean, when I get home, I'll stop. I'll say, you know, pledge, which you did yesterday and you're full of crap. Making fun. What do we do when true? It's none of our business. We don't want to embarrass you and find out the number. Although it would be amusing. The scale sort of tucked in the corner here. It's hard to get to. So I'll pick it up and I'll place it in the middle of the floor. I promise. Well, I get home today. Hey, look at on that one yesterday. We tried everything that one that you got there. The doctor's skill that I bought. He will not get on that thing. No way. You could bring in like 15 different muscle men. And he would just flop right off. He would hate it. It goes up to like 500. Yeah. Well, let's give the meat scale from public. I think that's a better one. What we're just picking up with a hook. But when you get home today, hop on a scale and then just take a look at it. Maybe I'll realize this is very boring. But I mean, we are trying to save your life, okay? I appreciate it. And I did see Blaba Olacitor's last entry on his blog. Thanks a lot, Blase. Probably listen right now in between playing video poker. Did he play something like that? I think his gun sucks. Yes. I think the facts was a setup from somebody in Lakeman who must have a not only know him and I don't know what they were listening simply but we'd guardless of any of it. Thanks for saving my life because I got three solid days of loss. All my cravings for that crap and I'm not going to go with again. No, no for now. Although suddenly I have to take a gigantic mighty bell for some stream. I just shut the mic off because I farted real bad. At least we still need that one. That was only against. You're being that careful, huh? I'm the ass right. I'm not really sure what the rule is on that whether it's like a recorded one or alive one. I think it would be a thought. No, I don't think anybody can fault this if it's a real one. Oh, I see. Well, that's not what it is. Throw it through that but we won't talk about that. No, no, really well, that's your buddy for real. That's a good one. I was always today. I was got the big rack in a big D in the big new baggage. Anyway, yesterday's, see, I can't keep track. Also speaking of blah, when he steals another line of mine, he's not important in life that you used to see, but that your friends fail. Friend of mine in college said that to me that was like, let's see, 40 or five years ago. Mm-hmm. And I've been said that ever since. So 45 years, I've used that line. And now he, that's the ultimate. The ultimate ripoff is to use it in a little shot at me. Guess what, blah, blah, blah. I wasn't a one who turned on anybody else. You would have got who showed your gratitude for my hitting you in the business. By turning on all of us at WSUN and that never less. And you have witnesses. So we hope you and I are pleasant death. And I don't have any rate. And yesterday I dug out somebody older, the stuff that you were playing this morning. I didn't know he was dead. Oh, we got stuff like that. But that's enough within that. Most of all, he got a few votes on the pool. That's good. We'll get to that today's pool. Is it today's your tomorrow? I don't know. I can't keep track. What's your take on the Marlin's fire steel? That was yesterday's pool. Al Franken doesn't have. Oh, I can't show you. We had a call like that yesterday. Maybe I made me hear all the start. It would only be an improvement. 1800 8 votes on the Marlin's fire. So not a good day. Look, not looking to good here. David and Delilah. I couldn't give a Schmidt last 651. It's a slap in the face of the real fans. That's a movie. 3657. Screw the Marlin's 306. Pack your bags boys. You're all done here. 302. What's that about the bag boys? No problem. I'm still support the team 128. I'll never go again. 39 and bought season tickets. I want my money back 15. Can't say no chance. Even your money back. Perfect. Increased the price of tickets for this coming season for a little league team. But 128 people. Now we didn't have one. One of your people, a Julio guy. I've called him said he's got a little kid and well, elderly father. And he hopes, you know, he'll still go because he enjoys taking him in the ball game. But like I pointed out to him is that if they could put a minor league product out there. Nobody's going to go. And they're going to like be gone in a couple of years. And what you're going to do is that when a little kid and maybe by then daddy will be gone. You know, have we watched him ball games in the sky? Have we watched him baby Ruth and little Gary? Right. They could go to the girl soccer league games that I see all over, you know, as you drive around town. Yeah, that's something to do with a price is right. Don't cost you nothing. Yeah, just all the ball. It's gone ball there, you know, whatever. Yeah. Now the pull we're doing today, all the pulls all the time and heavy heavy duty. And this is when we did a long time ago, evidently because Mo wasn't even on the list. So it's got to be at least four years since we done this one. Other than Neil, my fear and I started to say before, you're the free presender. You're not fooling anybody. Don't you think that I look at this thing every now and then throughout the day? No. I mean, do you really think that when all of a sudden these clusters of hundreds of votes come in for somebody that I'm not aware of it? Now ordinarily, I would think that this was our old time free pretty. Used to free the pulls or maybe it's a got, you know, a lot of time on his hands during nowadays. No. This seems a little more orchestrated than that. Other than the on my favorite local radio personality of last 25 years is Randy Rose has 239 votes. The only problem with that Randy is that about 250 of them are bogus. Yeah, they all came in like in the chunks most between three and five years to the afternoon. She was, you know, she was down in the middle of the pack like the last time we took this and all of a sudden they're just pouring in with the votes. Like we had another fixed election or something which it was. So she's technically on top there, but forget about it. Phil Henry wins 275. Maddog did very well. In fact, it was noticed and I was neck and neck for quite a while till the feet being started between fill and Maddog. Let's see, oh, look at that. She's got 340 now. Yeah, continue flipping. Get Randy a thousand votes before we put the other pull on for tomorrow. Phil Henry 276, you managed to 17, suds in Rick 137. We put a suds in Rick because most of the audience hated Rick and they love suds. So, you know, give us suds is due. He didn't get the money for it, but at least give him a little credit. Right. You know, if you're not going to get paid, in fact, they got 137. George has got 92. So he's not getting any money, but at least he's getting a little credit there at size. You can't, you know, Yeah, I'd wait. Brother had credit. Everybody sends George a blank visa card for the holidays with $5,000 credit line. George 92, the Humphorat 69, he'll be back tomorrow. DFO had 38 and Ron and Ron had 38. I'm almost tempted to play that thing on the ear that we always were getting. Those great time and, oh man, it's such a classic Ron and Ron when they had that big argument about the DS was leaving the show and Ron and B took the headphones off and it was like pretty good. In fact, the three way tied there, DFO Ron and Ron and Herman and the Queen 38, Herman and McBin. Yeah, I think the same as Rick and suds. And Rick and also the same as Ron and Ron. And I think also Don and Mike. Mike, when every 38 speaking of Mike, Bob Larson or 21, there you go, Bobo. Paul Castro of 19, which goes to sure that just about anybody could get both of his pull. Ricky Tickey Shaw had 17, I said, Ricky Tickey. I wonder if he's related to Ricky Tickey Barber. To Rowe 16, 75, 15, Mohourd Divided, had 14. He tied with Eddie K. 14. Good Wilson had 12, so Mohan had just as doubt a dead man, big hand 12. Greg beat L9, they still hate you, though generally speaking Greg, they're most of the people who voted made a point of put him in there. We're voting for somebody else and by the way Greg, we still hate you like poison. Greg beat L9, Craig Worthing 9, Bill Carter H, Steve Geldy, Gelsen had seven, Stan Major had seven. Who has a slightly lower voice than Geldy? Joey Reynolds 7, Alan Burke 7, Robby Young had six, who still stuck in a phone booth somewhere in the county. Jerry Wichner's six, Lee Fah, my phone number is a phone booth. How you editing that? It's a motel, what he said. Let me tell you this, and this is the guy's honest truth. He's not editing number out. He didn't leave a number. He just said my phone number is a motel, and then he didn't leave a number. Well, I guess he ain't got no number, no mole, Robby Young's six. Jerry Wichner's six, they're probably Jerry and Robby are probably concatenating in that big control room in the sky right now about the great radio days of the past. Would you think? Sure. Like we're going to have a controversial show today about great colors from the past. Lee Fahler 5, Steve King 5, after all these years after like 25 years in a market 5 votes that's one for every five years. Nice going, Steve. Don Cox and said he paid in for a piece. In fact, even though he gets Cox in a box now, nevertheless he's still more entertaining at this point than she'll ever be. Lovely lady. Dave Caprina 3, old Captain Dave, Alice Rantel, she only had a pair. Bill Smith had two. Bill Tanner had only one. What? And Alan Courtney 1. 1520 votes. But it's a pretty impressive, you know. In fact, the first time we did this full, we had the 1284. Okay. Of course, I'm sure that we didn't start it at 2.30 to the previous day. Oh, no, no, no. I doubt we did. I think you'll find where he's probably pissed off about that. By the way, the Beast tells me that last night all the locals in the channels had the seven 90 people on there, confibrillating about Pat Riley coming back to Coach Tahine again. And by the beat, by the book that I met, and old Jay was on there and said Rosenberg and Rosenstein and all these others. And of course, don't forget Stugust John or Weenie Weenier. And then the Bastard. And you know what, they're still going to have a, sure. So, you know, you guys can keep trying to pump them up and pretend that there is a people listening to it. The fact of matter is that they're not 1013 at QAM. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, this is 516. A 618. Rod Rod, radio network. From Peter Jackson, director of the Austria winning Lord of the Rings trilogy, and epic adventure that will over-down your senses. Seeing, long, either travers of Rolling Stone calls ping-pong a pack in 4th adventure that will keep you guessing. The evidence in a newsweek says ping-pong will f**k up your neck and Harry Miller's amazing cool news asks, what's the score? No, seriously, does anyone know the score? Under 714. Oh, that is a ping. Oh, there's a little teamwork on the video game on Atari 2600. 1018, a QAM. Let's see, look at that schedule. We got Moe 2. Looks fairly pristine to me. Clean and pristine as the old, sorry queen. Ed Dog at 4, 4 to 630. Don't want overwork him 2 1 1, our show. Because then we got the Panthers preview, baby. The National Predators, pretty good team. I've got some McEangers, they're nevertheless. National Predators of the McEangers at 780K after the hockey game. Any of them are the National Panther game. Of a big Mickey Hagwin trade. What about it? They traded in the close Hagwin. And while I got rid of some dead weight, they gave it to him, which he's a stiff and Christian who's the easiest, who's also a good Christian, but a stiff. That's the best kind of Christian, is a stiff Christian, and anyway, nobody cares. I was just going to tell you, oh, about Randy. I think that you really ought to check out her website. Those of you who are not familiar with the Randy, they got us a little bit. I just looked at her website, and it's pretty very into the honest with it. Considering she's on nationwide on skier America, which is good. That's great. On her website, she's also got a link there for the power of nightmares. And you can listen to all three episodes in the idea. So I have a feeling the beast guess was probably right. That probably somebody who lured it to someone. I don't want to mention any names. Somebody probably got lured to the fact that we were taking this pool. And all of a sudden there for a couple hours yesterday, it was like all this creeping going on, like, like maybe an ego trip or something like that. I'm saying, I mean, if I was in New York, working on skier America and being syndicated all over the country, it would seem to me I wouldn't need to be ripping off from somebody else's website. Although, although when people are used to when they're in a habit or ripping off your materials, it's like blah, oh, he's on a way out, and he still would put off my lines. Don't forget Bob, it's not important that you succeed, but that your friends feel. In addition to which since when are you a friend? It's like, broodous, huh? Give me a break. Friend by ass. Oh, you're like this speaking of the ass. This is really British son. They were getting off for a holiday in Kingston, Jamaica, and the drink slowed freely during the 10 hour flight. Intoxicated, a couple of receded in business class decided to submit their membership for the Mile High Club and one of the turlets, rock iron. But the British airways flight staff became suspicious after hearing cries of passion from the Lou. On the Randy couple, the Randy couple, he's ordered a stop and returned to the seats. Randy quickly turned into angry. Stunt passengers walked in horror as the couple thought with the flight staff. A passenger told a son, they were asked to lightly return their seats for one holistic. They were shouting via the views and spitting at the staff. Another said the captain tried to calm them down, but they were just as abusive to him. And despite being restrained with plastic handcuffs, the pilot decided he had no choice but to divert to 777 yet to Bermuda. Well, that's the last one, two to 777. That's a beauty. To Bermuda. The couple who were booked on a two week holiday were held in police and police and Bermuda and put on a flight back to Getwick, London yesterday. Now, the doof and arrested and charged with air raids, they may also burn a $59,000 cost of diverting the plane. How do you like that? See crazy people on the plane. This goes back to the guy that they shot, which yesterday had the story about he didn't do this. And when he was saying he didn't do that, but the fact that a matter is, as one caller said, crazy people on the plane, no way who's a. There's something like a little ballistic, a little on the plane. They don't want to be on that plane. No, right. Not for me. Next for me, or is they say in Finland? I probably want to take a couple of calls here today. 567, welcome George back from my, is a sixth day yesterday. No, you weren't the only one who was sick. I was sick. It was not physically just emotionally show. Well, it beats between you get to beast in the Miguel together. And a beast isn't a girl's got a big fat ego. How do you like that? Beast may be big and fat physically. But he said, Miguel's got a big ego. It comes in around months to be like their king and the queen of the, whatever. I think that's a cop out excuse. I don't know whether or not that's a cop out excuse. And it's just an excuse for the fact you had no materials, but I don't want to get on the scale. It's all. Do you see what you held thishi? Do you see what? Anybody. I never, I really viewed him. He is a miscontrarian. There's no question about that. Here's our what and there won't be anybody on it. Maybe there will be QAM. QAM. You won't see him no more. Who? Tuky. Tuky. Tuky. F.A. Tuky. And who cares? Not just saying it a little while ago. Anybody know who that is or cared? Of course not. And it took them 12 minutes to stick the energy. And they're big deal. And then being. Yeah. Don't know who he was. Don't care who he is used to be. Don't know who he killed. But that happens. Not interested. It's just like that. The B.T.K. Burger King. The K.L.T. You told where Benhello was. And none of us ever heard of him. But the networks. Oh my god. They captured the B.T.K. K.K. And the piece said. Hold the list and just a little mayo on the side. Nailus for going by the way. That a big kind of the B.L.T. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Chuck the meal. Speaking. Hey. How are you doing? Pretty good. I had to call you. I heard the interview. The lady that was on the plane last week with the shooting. And at the end of the interview she said. God is good. And there were angels on the plane. Well, isn't that great? I thought that played an animal. I don't know. I hope they got back to Anneheim safely. Thank you. There were angels on the plane. Oh, God is good. That's why all these people get killed all the time. All these innocent people had these tragedies because God is good. All these diseases and all these horrible things. Listen, anybody who believes in any of this stuff, you need to be vapor-acted. You need to be put away. Just like the beast needs to be vapor-acted before you explode. The beast wants to be shaken-baker-acted. We had a call yesterday while you were out sick or collar from somebody that obviously a cane's fan who started to beast at a ballgame. And he said that he definitely got a risk-float. One of these days he's just going to blow up like Mr. Creeza. Right. Exactly. So we're trying to get you the message. You're trying to keep you alive. But the fact of the matter is you probably have a situation. In fact that you got such a doding, nagging couple of parents who were like loaded with cash. And that he's got a real bad wheel of fortune gambling problems. And actually, Sonny's got to have it. I think what you need is like a year vacation from your parents. Take your nice bride to be and go off somewhere and just take a year as a sabbatical somewhere. And I've actually after a year you'd like number one lose a lot of weight. Number two you'd like to stay alive. Should go to Africa. But I would be broke. Go, and that's okay. See you're just spoiled. You're just spoiled rotten. That's a problem with you. That's a do thing. That would be it. What do you think? W2AM hello. Hey, nail, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. What are you got? Hey, George, it's not too sick. You sure he was really sick yesterday? Oh, it's just... Right here. Let me ask you this. You're right in the book. Yes. Ha ha ha ha ha. Fine. What do you suppose yesterday? I think this is the week that was man. I think the holidays there are all bailed out now. I could be wrong about that, but I think between now and the end of the year it's going to be pretty slim and grim, which is a very strong vote for playing like all a bit's the rest of the year. Hey. Huh? I'll take my ad. You all the time. Let's see. Randy all the sudden stuck at 345. Everybody else is getting a lot of votes. Maybe he'll all audience his vote on there now. But I don't see much happening there. Everybody else is going up a bunch. In fact, we got 15. 1560. That was WTPS and Kalamazoo Michigan imported from Michigan to be exact. And Kalamazoo Zoo. WTPS. That was with the days, baby. 6869. Were they? They were. Trust me. It was WQAM. Hello. QAM. There you go. Yes sir. You have to help him out. He sounds like he's going to pass that way. He does the update to Hank. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. That's why I came out. That's yours. The new. That's your. Okay. Okay. Okay. I guess there is a we got two different shows going. We have to Neil Rogers show that we have a show about your. You know this guy. I never realize that. But it's like a lot. I said it's a show within a show. It's not just in some sort of way. It's a show within a show. It's a little wrapped in it in a nigma. It's like a little like a wave. Oh god. Well listen feel better. Blah blah blah blah. What a real name is. Oh, not as the case may be. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. Jesus. What you got to the meetings? No. That's my rule. I won't. That's true. That's the rule for me. You're in radio? I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to see you. I don't want to know you. You're in the business. I don't want to know you. Who's my number? How do you really feel? The business has been mean to you over the years. You haven't taken enough out of it. Business has been so cool to me. Thank you. And now I can go away and peace. Very, very, very soon. Goodbye. I think we just signed off. No. No, no, no. Just me. Just me signing off. How's the crib? How's the down south crib? Nice? Yes, great. It's great. Love the hood. You know, I'm just trying to get in. You know, my wife is here in these rumors about you, even why did we buy it? No, I don't know. I need to tell me until after we already put the mortgage down. I told you before the mortgage. You were friends. Yes, I did. I remember talking to you about this. You never talked to me. I heard from someone else. I know. I talked to you in the middle of November. We all sat down in the middle of November. And you in the middle of a deal. You didn't do the deal. And you didn't do the deal. You didn't do the deal. You told me that. I just said I didn't. You told me that. You told me that I know November, man. You did. We never talked in November. We did talk in November. We sat in the hotel room in November and talked. Where hotel room? That hotel lobby. And then we went up to the room in Tampa. That hotel room. Remember? We had lunch and then we went up to the room. By that time I already had my place. Now by that time you didn't have your place. I didn't talk to you. I talked to the people that you had told me. No, we all talked. We all sat up there and talked together. We did. We had a meeting. We all sat down, talked. And then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room. And that's how I went down. That's what happened. And that was before Thanksgiving. And here we are, January 6th. Are we going to have a conversation or what? Are we done? Should I walk away now? You're going to do whatever you want to do, man. I am. I have done whatever I want to do. But should I walk away now? Would it be more, would it be easier? I don't want to make this thing. No, things all about you anyway. It's not all about me. It's about this show continuous. It's not all about me. It's not all about me. It's about I'm moving on. And we're making this an easy transition. Oh, let's make it then. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. I'm going on. I'm going on. Okay. I asked you about the crib. That's all. It's great, honey. Man, I'll just leave now. If it's easier that way, I will. Please. Please. We'll be in one minute. Then why you say, why you doing? I'm not doing anything. Let's go on. Let's ask. Like everything's happy. I know exactly what I was doing. And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them. Don't play. I'm not playing. I'm not playing at all, man. I'm being totally honest with you. And I have been. Yeah. What do you mean, yes? I'm glad. I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down. It's all happy to me. It's all happy to me. I know it is. It's time for me to move on. That's all. All right. So let's change the subject. I didn't bring it up, man. I didn't have a conversation with you. And you just stopped talking to me. You know, one of the highlights of that bit and it's not a bit. I mean, it's like an actual, I'll take for that one of the round of round. Actually, it's falling out there. But one of the highlights for me is the headphone squeaking when Bennington's getting ready to put him back on over the mess that you call here. That's how you go. I'll tell you something, boy. To hear that show of what he liked or not was whatever was, but to see it, that was, it shouldn't have been a television show. It was helpful. That's because I never saw guys who dressed up for a radio show before, especially Ronnie B. With the dribblocks and a whole thing. And then they had those nasty, skanky strippers that were coming in the way. With the pill of the pieces of their faces. That's what they had to see. What was that all about? Strippers don't do well in the morning. Well, they were doing somebody. Well, a lot. And a whole ways there. But of course it was buddy by passion. It was a man of God who owned a station. So naturally there was no hanky pancake going on. Even though, of course, he's married to an expert, but never less. It seems to be a lot of that going on. Is there? Guys married to experts. Nevertheless, I don't think we're going to have any calls this week at all. So it's a good thing I'm going to be on vacation next week. I'm sure you'll be inundated with call. Throw it over there from you by the way. 560, it's interesting how Randy's votes are basically a stall almost nothing since the FreePy. I mean, since the tremendous outpouring of emotion for her started. We're going on 1600 votes. I think we got to shot at what? 1800 again today. Okay. 19. Let's go for 19. We've 18 yesterday. 2,000. No, yeah. You can't all day. Yes, they say in 2000. That was his weight. He was talking about. Other than Neil, my favorite local radio and we left David goal off. You remember David gold? No. No. He's on for about five minutes on the old GBS when they went talk. Well, you know, those were the days man as much as I can't stand talk show groupies and what we used to have is cars. The chronic colors. They call one show and then they call on. Did you hear what they just said about you want to go on the hook show? And then it would like make the rounds. You know, the same voice, right? Unbelievable. Anyway, other than the of my favorite local radio personality or show the last 25 years, South Florida person is Randy Rhodes. We have in 49 of which 250 are both his votes at least. Maybe more. Phil Henry 293, Jim managed 231, Suds and Rick 146. George Rodriguez 98. See, I think if you took away her free votes, you and Randy would be badly good out for fourth. If the honest total around, I don't think the same people are voting for us. What do you mean by that? Like those freepers? People's papers? What do you think of them? Freepers? Yeah, they wouldn't have been voting for me anyway. No, no, you don't understand that. I'm not, no, I'm just saying if you deduct them, I'm not going to vote for anybody else. I just, they're not real votes. They're just bogus. I get you. George 98, Hank 78, the hopper. Ryan and Ron 43, Defos got 40. Hold me, Fol, maybe we ought to get Defo on the line of somewhere. Like five to seven in a morning would be good. From an electric beam 39, Mike winner 38, 36. You know, the interesting thing about renewing. I mean, yeah, we got a lot of real great. We had a lot of fun now, D, but I got to respect him and like him more after we left there. I don't know about you. Demo, you're working there. Okay. Why? Well, not just because he was one of those people. He called us on the air. He was right. He went out of his way to be friendly. I mean, he could have just ignored us or whatever, but he was a real friend. He was a good guy. Never had a problem with Mike. He was misunderstood, I think, because he had that bottle of time. But he's a good guy. Electrical mod. Bob lasted 24 now on the other hand. Now wouldn't that be bad? See, now I put myself in a bad position because if I say anything, it's going to be Well, the guy is dying of diabetes and he's going blind and that is food Amputated. And he's over there probably listening right now on the internet. Oh, you're living out. Yeah. Well, guess what? You know what they say about what comes around goes round. What is it to the beast that will give you an idea what I'm trying about. Who's around goes round. Yeah, like a like a like a smooth. He went round long time ago. Like the smooth or like I said, yes, they like rover in the prison. All the need of one of the nerds yesterday had a idea what it's talking about. So that's the thing when you do on this show and you got like Miguel and the beast together And either one of them has got any idea of anything that happened before like five minutes ago. So forget it. But honestly, I listen happening last two years. They don't know what I'm talking about. Bob last year 24. Castred over twenty two. He's right on blah, but low Howard David. It is time with Rick Shaw 17. I think what I think Rickie Tiki will owe him the task that he wears. That would be cute. I love to see that. I'm sure he's got an extra. That would be nice photo. Joe Rowe 16. Sunny Fox 15. Now remember the auditions on Ron and Ron after DS build out. If I live to be a thousand. There was a one guy on there, which I have no idea what his name was. That was making a fun of his kid because his kid was dyslexic releasing or Huh, Billy that was Billy. That was Billy right. And then of course, Sunny Fox audition on there and more. And he was this is in coherent. Dennis he was anywhere else and Kaplan 14. Big Wilson 12. Big Greg beat L nine Craig wording nine. To a Reynolds nine, Bill Carter nine. Steve Kane eight. Oh, Steve. Steve Ozzolo way up to eight. You're doing it baby. Alan Burke eight. Steve Goldstein seven Stan Major seven. How's my money coming Stanley? Robby young six Jerry Wichner six Lee Fowler five. They'd compete for dime Cox four. Now there's another misunderstood guy. He was a good guy in his own bizarre off the wallway. That wrote her. He meant well. And I mean he's good guy. A lot of fun. But you guess what piece you want to know why he died. So prematurely at a very early age. Who's this? No. Other substances. Come on. You can say at pH. 18. He was fast. Sandy Peyton for our aunt see this. He wants to say the word. He's just in total denial. We give up on you. I've basically give up on you right now. I'm sick and tear. We went through the whole thing with balance for life and the Bobber Gnuchin all that delicious stuff in the sack. And you're just. Yeah, the tie. Go ahead. Helping. Listen. Bill. Helps those who help themselves. That would it says. And the good book. That's right. Neil God helps those who welcome to come for. And I'm on use. Sandy Peyton for our last rent. He'll two bills. Two bills. Tanner one and Alan Courtney one. What do you want? 16 had redine votes on the poor. We got a shot at. Let's go for 2000. Let's go for 2000. Let's go for 2000 calls. Let's go for 2000 votes on a pool. And let's go for the beast. We're going to get some of the scale. We're on the afternoon for 2000. These Neil Rogers. This is by 16. 18. That view. It's a nice. On 2020. Howard, you're going to settle. Yes. I'm unsensored. I hear you're exploring the sexuality of zoo animals. I, I look forward to exploring that. But you're really taking a little bit too far. You could choose to look at it that way. I don't. Dude. Show. You're going to get times. You're going to get with a kangaroo. I will. This is a new frontier. That sounds dangerous. Dangerous man. You could get bird flu or kangaroo flu. I'm about being funny. So how does a guy get romantic with a kangaroo anyhow? You got to find out. Yes. Yes. 20. Yes. Well by the way, Howard, just had a tremendous VM. It's 10.45 at 5.60 WQAM. And I'm looking back at the original time we took this pool, which I have no idea what the date was. It's not important. But the sensing about favorite talk show host local. And Phil hungry had 352. He was number one. A mad dog 175 was two. Suds and Rick had 119. And there were third. Randy had 81. It was fourth and Hank had 60. So it was fifth. There was no Georgia and I'd pull for whatever reason we didn't put you on there. I didn't qualify. There would be no Greg B.D. On there, which and of course there was no mole. No mole, which makes a big. A smooth difference. What's he doing? What was he got about 14.15 votes? It's not too shabby. And we actually was an oversight. We didn't get him on there right away immediately. But I made sure that Eric before Eric got a call at home. I made sure that he added that on there. We just an oversight. It wasn't intentional. Believe you me. And people have plenty of time to cast the votes. And most all the way up to 17. He's right. Rick Shaw's ass. He's only one behind. Bad news. An employee of the Comedy Central Program, the Daily Show, which John Stewart is committed suicide. He probably read Bob Zer blog. Leaving the network to suspend production of Monday night's episode of the program, a spokesman confirmed. Bill Clarie 25. What if he was Kim to Robert Clarie? Remember, little Robert Clarie to Frenchman? I do from Logan's era. Yeah. And from the Gays of our lives. Robert Clarie, little Frenchman. Do you know he was Jewish Frenchman? And a Holocaust survivor. Really? Yes. Well, you sure know your Robert Clarie to be a Mr. A majority of the beast isn't even know who the hell that is. All asked when he comes back in the room. He's a little bit busy now eating or taking a minute of the call. He's getting the food that you showed up. I don't want anything to do with this episode. I just remember that count me out by Gary Lewis in the playboys. That's my new favorite song. Count me out. I don't know what he ordered. I don't have a full report. I wonder if he's shoving down his face. You know, this is disgusting. The one thing I will say yesterday that I'm a yelled it has some food. He allegedly did it. I'm sure if he would have made it. Or you know how that goes. My two fat friends never ate either when you were looking at him. Yeah. But he's going to be eating now. Guaranteed. But as soon as you turn your back, boy. Bill Perry 25 took his own life over the weekend. According to the network, a former Daily Show intern. Terry also worked as a receptionist at the program's offices in New York. A lot of dead receptionists now, you know. Bill Perry, a young staff member of the Daily Show would be on sort of passed away over the weekend. He was a wonderful and dedicated employee and all of us. They've come at a central and Daily Show are devastated by his laws. Then ever said this statement. Our hearts and prayers were out to his family and friends. Comedy Centralists sent grief counselors to the Daily Show to set the help and employees sources said. Well, first learn to these who aside if I'm coming to work on Monday. Grief counselors. I don't know what that's all about. I can understand grief counselors for a lot of people. Kids at a school when I was like a shooting or some kid dies. Yeah. Yeah. But adults really need grief counselors. Yeah. They do. Some people do. The network was scheduled a shoot a week's worth of new episodes before shutting down for the final two weeks of the year. The network further a Daily Show repeat and said the regular scheduled episode. That was yesterday again. So there you go. People are dying all over the place and we're worried about some slime ball if they suck a needle into a California yesterday. Tooky. Tooky. Tooky. 560560. I wonder if he was laying to dokey house or WDM maybe he did a dokey style. 2 AM. Hello. I believe we're having a chance. Okay. Good. 2 AM. Hello. Hey. Hey. How are you doing, buddy? Pretty good. I'm a grief counselor. So yes, adults can't have benefit from them. Okay. And Neil stay on the beast ass and I know it. They're playing around there for you. I don't want to be sad. You play on the beast ass. Just stay on. Patious. No. I'm a big hurricane. I see him on the side line. Neil. He says, oh, he says, why'd rather he is tall. Right. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Good luck to him, pal. Okay. 560560. Very lean and mean on the calls. You know what? He'd make a excellent like hockey golly. The beast. He wouldn't have to move it on. Yeah. He knows he comes up the whole net. In fact, I think there are a lot of guys. In fact, Mo would love to be the one to shoot in the puck set him. I think he'd go for that. Now, did he ever return with the food now? There. And I don't know what he ordered for himself. We haven't gotten that. You ordered food for yourself. This is what we're hearing. No, no. I don't know what he ordered for himself. No, that's what I'm saying. I'm talking to him. Oh, he ran back out of the room for some reason. All right. He's going to know what you ordered. Well, that's good exercise. I guess that's probably the most exercise he gets is when he runs to go pick up the food order. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I love to make some beef. How you doing? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, the morning, you know. When is this? I have a little, my brother. I have a worst case in the beef. Five brothers, five nine. Wait, about three, 75. Jesus. Spokes up to three, five. Figure today. I'm dying out of the hand. Yeah. Don't drink a case of beer or something. Uh, hi, blood pressure, diabetes. How old is he? 50. I'll never make a 50, five. Um, he said he went to the diabetes class to learn how to eat properly. Yeah. But after two classes, he said, uh, he said it's good out of the, whatever, honey. And he already had it. How old are you? Well, I'd start making arrangements right now if I were you. Yeah, 55. Right. Now, I wouldn't, I wouldn't plan that for a hint. Yeah. Good luck. Yeah. Is the worst talk to the big? On, I'm, well, five, four and three hundred is I would say about on the same part. It wouldn't get a package deal. See, where's the scenario when we need him? We know they had package deals. Remember those? Yeah. Five, six, seven. And we got a package funeral deal for all the fat people in denial. And, you know, like I said yesterday, I don't want to keep drama on this fat thing, but the fact that he ordered food in there is he in there now or what? I'm right here. Well, when you got it, I have a turkey sandwich on a wheat. Play. What are you talking about to bread? I will take the bread off. But you got to get it in something. You're not taking the bread off. Get out of here. I'm taking the bread off. I'm starting to get a little crusty back there. You're not taking the bread off. Is he taking the bread off? I'm starting to get a lot of things. I want you to monitor him. Ervy. Ervy. Bring them in through this. There goes the bread. You take. There's going to be the fat police. Look, you know, as well as either. It doesn't matter what he does here or what he does here or what he does here. You don't make up for it. He's on his own. And after he leaves, you'll probably go on your like two gigantic hogees with a big loaves of bread. You know, like the real big crispy loaves of bread. Right. You'll make a sandwich with waffles. I would just love. You know, all this crap about his doctor says he's got good genes and his blood sugars. Just fine. I think your doctor is making like the affect. That kind of those kind of sounds. I would love just love just once. He can't even get him to get way. But can you imagine getting him to take his blood sugar? Just once. If your blood sugar isn't at least 400. My name is, uh, me she'd perfect. Okay. They're going to have to get those extra long needles though. That we've been real about. I want to show them to keep you last night. How many Q a m. Hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I hear the reason why the beast is on the sidelines during the Cain's game is in case they're first day first down Shane Brights. They can use this for help. They can tie a stick to each end of his phone. He's for us. For an excellent point. I know what you're charged to. Thanks a lot, Sally. There you go. See your ears. Anybody who's in your useless. There's something for you. He's good for that. How many Q a m. Fat line? Hello. Morning. What happened to Ferrell on that list? Oh, for Christ's sake. My point exactly. No. Well, what do you mean your point? How can we answer that before to show you fat slob? I said it to George. Oh. Thanks for the memories. Thanks, Sally. Thank you. Thank you. Scott Ferrell. What's wrong with us? How to sign that? That's my bad. He was not the original list. I tried to figure people like George was not the original list in the Greg Badele and then of course the mole myster. Right? Right? But how could we forget that? I said, I'm under now. I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his tooth. I'll take your children. Salam. Just make his actions. Now we're going to do this over. What do you mean by that? The whole poll, you know, it's just not valid now. You know, something that's a good idea. Although I think Eric might have, how do we do that? Hit just tell him to reset it. He presses a button and. Really? Resets. Okay. So let's if I don't know if he's listening or not. Let's reset it and we'll add Scott Ferrell and then of course all those bogus Randy votes on this for and let's do it again. Like the least boys would say an excellent idea because Ferrell is going to get he might actually challenge you a filler on top, you know, hey, right? Although Phil never did lose the license or come close to it, but you know. Ferrell was a lot of funny. He was a lot of fun. I was a lot of fun. You're a funer. And the thing about him is there was no phony in his there. What you heard on the air was exactly that was him. That's that nobody could believe that. Then at first of all, anybody could talk like that without just totally turn up their vocal chords and number two that anybody was that out of his mind. But then again, he had a lot of help from his friends. So we're going to do that. You're going to do it in fact. You're leading with Eric there. Let's do it. We're so let's see. Let's take a look at this. We had nine. Let's, uh, I'm going to print out this one before disappears. Uh, hurry. For a day. Well, no. That would be kind of interesting. In fact, I think you just set the stage for a whole new deal with pulls. You know, how if it is to come up with a new full ID. What we'll do is we'll do a different pull every day. And it will say, oh, well, wait a minute. We left a couple of let's do it again for tomorrow. Do it over. Let's start it all over again. And make over. Take a Mulligan. By the way, all the Randy freepers that are getting on the hoard. Yeah, you better get a hold of Randy and her freepers. Jeepers creepers better alert the freepers. Why? Is that why she's going to be like a fall on a hard time. Sure. What do how Jim is doing? Huh? Anybody seen her lately? That was Randy's ex. They are divorced to a fateful hour, right? Yeah, it's going to be. What is it? Hi. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. I heard he's staying out in the gym a lot. And her lot of guys, you've to hang out in the gym a lot. Anyway, so we'll reach that in. We do this is exciting, man. Oh, you're like born again now. This is Neil Rodger. So those are those. This is 516A. This is the Neil Rodger show. This is your brain. Oh, I saw it. Any questions? Hey, Barra, flat. By the way, son, I've been given it some thoughts. See, I've already figured it out. I know that me and you, in the do. Much better go with six to ten. And not in five. A gentile in the cranky tube. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee big stress on two sides. No chance I'll always know what you'll. Ha ha, grab a dive. We'll be grabbing as you die. Why? I'll help you. No doubt I'm a big buggy tube. A Brooklyn high-ee-ee. I've been with you by a very party but you. You're not by time. Me and all this crap would blow. No way that is we had a fight. That you'll survive. Hold on a here agenda dial. And push it tight. That's crap, me and you're gonna die. So I'll always go with you. So I'll always go with you. So I'll always go with you. So I'll always go with you. So I'll always go with you. So I'll always go with me. For me is much better since it's not five. It's only right that I should get more sleep. But I think we might. We have to take it there. We're just left for our happy weekend. One more. What can we be like? One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. Level 3 of Q. I am speaking of. Open your pants. I'm talking to an I Nashville predators in town. Pretty damn good team this season. Any interest. No. So we're gonna ask some names at list. Now that we got it reabuted here. And look at yours. It's in first place. Oh. Wow. So far. That one nice long list. We're gonna add the jury Williams. He doing these. Oh. Oh. Norma Kent. Because otherwise I'm gonna hostile email. I'm sure eventually if we don't. I mean if we're gonna do this in the first. Apparently in that year. Excuse my. You ignorant so that Jerry with the G or J. With a J. You don't know Jerry Williams. He's dead by the way. I told you that's true about how I gave my heart to come along. No. No. That's the wrong Jerry. That's Bruce Williams. Oh, sorry. My Williams. Norma Kent. Hey Norma. You're fairy. Joyce Kaufman. Oh, she was so Jewish. Joyce Kaufman. She was so wonderful. I think she's still awesome. I'm a ten watt station. I think you can pick her up on your pop up to us. Around a weekend. And Larry Kent. Not related to Norma Kent. Larry Kent. In fact, Larry Kent. There's another example for the beast. There was a big big. I mean he was not only fat but he was tall. I said, there was about like 6364. And just enormous. If he didn't weigh 400 pounds, he didn't weigh an ounce. Hey, he'll mongous beast. By the way, what's the line in that spot? We're running for King Kong about capital to beast. I think that's what we need to do. That should be our theme for the rest of the year, which last the 17 days of the year, 18 whatever it is. Capture the beast and throw us fat ass on the scale. Time down and throw us fat ass on that doctor's scale. And then embarrass him into it. So we got these initial ones on there now. Yes. So if he voted before by all means, hop right in there again and vote. Yeah, 100 200 times whatever you're like. George has got a nice, just strangled. Hold on first place so far with six votes. And the beast is right about one thing because we had 16. 67 on the first incarnation of this pool. And now all we need to rest of the show. We need like 300 in the rest of the day. It's 300 in some will have over 2000. That brings us back to Ali on day. He'll have an answer this next week. And this also gives more and equal footing. Well, it didn't give me on there. It's all five or clock yesterday. If I want to have the same even start or running start, yeah. Well, it's so far it didn't have any. Ha ha ha ha. But there's only a smattering on it. It's just one of a moment ago 33 votes. This is great. This is a fabulous idea. In fact, I think if this doesn't turn out well, let's do it again tomorrow. Actually, I'll relax, Eric. Tomorrow's pool. I'm so far ahead of my polls, man. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Usually you're behind. Well, come to Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. How about Alan Courtney? He's on there. Thank you, sir. He had Alan Courtney had two votes out of almost 17 under the two votes. Alan Courtney, much sure to old Long Go. If I can't Alan did me a big favor. I never met the man. He did me a tremendous favor. He got definitely ill when I started doing nights in WNWS. And he never came back on here again. Thank you, Alan. Up there at that big microphone in the sky. When that nice favor, he ruled on my times. Yeah, that was back in the day on A.M. Radio. When nighttime, you could have really big numbers. Like some of us did. I mean, double digit numbers, like 10 and 12 and 15 shares. I remember one book overnight. Jerry Witton had like a third about a 30. Not third man. We sure, which is really scary when you if you ever heard that show. How though sandwiches coming here? I wonder how his, I see. I wonder if he will that comedian hairpiece to anybody that would change color, depending on the mood he was in, how red and he was an egg even day. But if you weigh him, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm just driving around, you know. But it windows down here. Listen, you have a face that goes, um, third or the day. Oh, hey. I look at my name. I do like to show you. I like to see. If I listen, get your day. But you like that, right? You want my good day. Okay. Okay. And you got. Do do do do do do. Okay. That was good. Oh man. Right there. We just have to temperature a softener. We put that big thermometer into soft Florida's. There is the result. Wow. That was good. I don't see Randy's sweepers hard at work yet. We'll see. We'll see if the, uh, if the old grapevine gets going on that better. Call somebody. Get him going on it for hours time from first place. Infectious three way time with the, well, it's early early going. I'm so glad to got called in because I went in. Of course the beast. Like I told you, can't get anything out of him. What could it is it for you to tell George? Why can't you tell me? We were trying to tell you that you were talking over us like you do. So we just didn't want to keep trying. What are you talking about? I think I didn't try to mention it to you and you were talking. Didn't hear me in whatever. I see. Well, maybe it was trying. Not to hear you. Or maybe you had your face stuff with the food at the time. I couldn't understand where the, the much mouth. That's the distinct possibility. Duff says the last call should be a promo. How many Q a m. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Good. Kelly. Let's see if you can tap the last guy. I doubt it. That was pretty strict. I want to talk with you about the whole body wash issue. I don't use soap, but I'm a big greasy spink. And the body wash my wife and my kids use it is, I mean, I mean, I need something more Kind of. The trepentime to get those not just smell raw for me. And if I wash it with a little bit too creamy too soft, I would actually use Is Dr. Ronner's peppermint soap. The peppermint hemp soap they make it now. It's liquid thing. It's just light. It's a lot like body wash, but it will scrape the cut off of you. Okay. That would be some price pretty soon. You'll be doing the peppermint twist. There you go. Hey, and we're about to add in bonus is the special thing along your five. It's okay. Thanks a lot, Tyler. Just keep rubbing it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. You look at that. We're starting to get this starting to fill in a little bit now. For hours right out there. I told you, see that guy's right. Hmm. I tried to tell you guys for real. What's wrong with him? See, George and like him because he wouldn't share his drugs. He wouldn't. What ever happened to the, I don't want to sit. Okay, because his daddy is a big shot in Haley. I saw him on a set. You know what I'm trying to about. Don't be a few. I am hello. Two. Two. Ten majors. Ten majors is on their pal. How does stand to on the first one? Did you really well? Not really. Stand major. I think that was Alan Johnson when it sounded like Don. Standhead eight. He was talking with Steve came down and Burke. Well, I'm telling you, Mr. Eagle, sure fall. On the first time we did this while, however many years ago, Mr. Eagle had the 23 votes and he had only eight in our first, maybe this time he'll do a lot better. Maybe this time the world would get around. You think? Probably not. Maybe that fat lawyer got it sits in there and shows food and who makes the beast by the way. Look like skinny atlas. What's his name Richard Esson? You know what, Esson means in the English? No. Esson, Medgay and Esson eating. So he's a living up to his own name. Richard Esson. Fat. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Two A.M. Hello, Neil. Eight hundred to the other. Okay. This one is, I, I, I drove it to Maine every summer and driving through New York. I was there going through about two o'clock in the afternoon and won't be whole through the voice that I hear but Ron Bannon can and says. Wow. Yeah, there's still in the air up there, I guess. So that, you know, him and D.S. So you know, he was only too much on back to him anyway. That's for danger. So well, that's really all I got. They have this one. Well, they know. Thanks for the spy report, Palli and have a great to holiday and whatever. Have a great dinner or a holiday. Oh, Mary Christmas by the way. Gotcha. They had some jackass on yesterday. Some right wing lunatic debating. All four more US soldiers killed during a patrol Northwest to Baghdad just and I'm certainly not seen news that we're four more. We can't even keep kind of it anymore. Anybody cared? Oh, they know care. It's a holidays. Yep. Your soldiers are dead for the holidays. Boy, it's the toll is mounting and the, but a week, but a week, but a week, but a week, but about the day they keep trying to rehabilitate your right, a little bit dangerous present. Your paranoid, the dangerous, uh, maniac. Well, the comeback, uh, we're all concerned about the comeback now in a poll number show. Yeah, well, I actually the poll numbers just laid this poll. Galapon CNN USA today. 58% of those polls and Bush doesn't have a clear plan on the rack 38% so they believe he does have a plan for victory. Even though of course, nobody knows what it is. 63% believe a rackets have made real progress through establishing an Democratic state over the past two years. Right. That's why there's murder and bloodshed and chaos. No, those innocent dead people over there because they're making tremendous strides. Tired, uh, whatever, towards staying alive. We haven't played BG's musical with their nine-best stand. Can you see the Iraqis listen to BG music under Sonya Walkman? Well, some of it sticking their iPod on their tripod. The danceable stuff certainly. No question about it. Okay, let's see how the early goal in here. Okay, let's get the early returns. And like I said, if he voted before, he's going to have to do it again. You're other one. The other one we just, I saved it. I did printed out. 94 hosts. Phil Henry 16 other than the, oh, my favorite local radio personality of 25 years. Phil Henry 16, Jimmated 12 for 11. Southern Rick 11. And what did I, and what did I tell you? I realized it's only a few hosts. But what did I say about you and Randy George Rodriguez eight Randy Rhodes eight because she hasn't started the free Pined or her groupies. Whoever. Loblacitor is six. That's blog, lacitor. By the way, if you want to read his blog, you will come into a side. Ed Kaplan 3, depot 3, Ricky Shaw 3, Hanky and Wilberg 3, Mohour David 2, McWintery 2, guilty Scott 1, Don Cox's got one. From an interview between the two of them, they got one. Stan Major 1, House rents out one, I don't want to. Courtney 1, all the others. So far, I got one. Speaker of the big. Oh, come in on there. He is there. Orlando, Elsa Query, get his ass on there now. This is. I'm sorry. Roger. This is five 16, two, eight. Come in up tonight. An inside of a line, the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They took the Grunge Rock movement further than anyone else. No, check that. I meant to say, they need Grunge Rock Sound or like a bowel movement than anyone else. They were seven Mary 3. I meant to have a big blue. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Hey, every Grunge song has a legend that builds up around it. Seven Mary 3 founder, Jason Ross. Everyone knows Jim Morrison was getting his not polished right in the recording booth while he was singing Elliott Wilman. Well, I was top in a squat, the whole time I was singing numbers on. Yeah. Many artists do their best work in the toilet. Such was the case for seven Mary 3. You could tell the part was really working like I had become cumbersome. Plus, restrooms are awesome places to record. Watch a great river. According to the seven Mary 3 front man, more than 30 of the top 100 albums of all time had been recorded in a toilet. Oh, yeah, man. Sergeant Pepper, you can hear the taint tree and washing on with the little help of my friends. You can play backwards. Oh, and thriller. Michael Jackson was crapping out. Call the nether record. But seven Mary 3 was not just about dump taking. It was also their name. Where did it come from? A virgin Mary reference? The Salem Witch Trials? A reference to the Holy Trinity perhaps? Oh, that. Seven Mary 3 was conscious call sign on shifts. For real, did. Seven Mary 3. If they haven't squeezed out a hit in 10 years, it's probably because they haven't been getting enough fiber. It's a big juicy, sobbing with look at show business tonight. On the inside of a lot of it. 11. I think it's five 60 W to Q AM now. You better keep your eye and at Randy vote. I know it's very. I'm keeping my eye for one. I'm on that baby. You know what I'm saying? They may try a different technique today as opposed to like jammer. I'm not the one. Maybe she is the most popular. Maybe she's the goddess after all. A little book. Yeah, we're puff artist. We've got a couple more we need that on there. How could we forget? In fact, let me give you a musical clue. Booster. Booster. Booster. Booster. Booster. And Dan LeBasterd. I mean, Farbeard from us, I mean, we could put O.J. McDuffey on there. And Sid Rosenstein, Google, the cranks, whatever his name is. But he's, you know, he'd been there for like five minutes. What about the crow? The crow? What do you know, crow? Well, you know, I'm coming there. LeBasterd is a L.E. capital B. That is correct. And then of course, like you said, the crow. So he's, he's a long, truck, problems. Right. How about Stigots? No, we're trying to about Brian. It says personality, which he doesn't have one. Oh, no, right. He does not. This because he's your buddy. I mean, you know, well, he used to be. Yeah, he used to be your coastby. You and Karen's there. Your bunk, bunk, buddy. Who is about Karen's roommate? That's the only, he was who? Karen's roommate. Yeah, we didn't know that. That explains why Karen's used to book guest for him on a show when he worked a 940 on the competition. Oh, that explains it. He was his roommate. He, like I said, is bunk, but buddy, I just got through Sanette. To this day, I never knew that for show. Let's pathetic. Uh, so let's see. And who else did I say we left off under? Crow. I want about Lady Martins. Now, like I said, now he's got a personality. When you say, I would say it twice a day. Come on, throw Lady Martins on there. Let's show the little sense of humor over here. Dan LeBastard, the boobster, Lady Martins, the Crow. Just a whole bunch of people who, and you're leaving off somebody, a great broadcaster in the beast I can't believe after you put for well on there. How come you left off your close personal buddy? Terrific. Huh? What's the matter? From you. Although, like I said, it requires a personality. Well, I don't know. Maybe there's one in there somewhere. I haven't heard of you yet. What do you think? Joseph Gackie. Come on. Go to the home. I'll help us build it right. What's that, Zigackie? Yeah. The VAAChKI? I'd love to see up. Come on. Get with it. Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality of the last 25 years, still 125, Mad Dog 20, Randy 20. Yeah. Keep your eye in that number and watch how it may float to weight. How are you spelling that? It's going to float to weight. So it's in 16 for Ralph 13, George 9, Bob Lanceter 7. Oh, God, it's he morbid. Hey, gober 64. Three for ready K, hermen and McBean, Ricky Tickie, Shaw, Micronarium, Mohour David, it's got a pair and then after that. You know, it's a one's a two's and oh's. They'll have a bachelor and have any of it. I wonder how long it'll take before they start getting their people out. Remember that thing in the Sun Sentinel? Was it the Sun Sentinel or the Harold? I think it was the Sun Sentinel when it was Sarny deals. Hey, by the way, Sarny. Whatever happened to you pull on, Rao Raxi Foxy, huh? Yeah, we screwed up his pull so bad on Rich Waltz that he didn't have the balls anymore to mess with anymore pulls. Well, we're going to be taking a pull on Rao Raxi. Yeah, sure you are. When's the pull coming on Kelly doing the Panther games? Well, yesterday in the Beast orders, he thinks Kelly's doing a fabulous job. So he must be getting a little something out of that thing too there. I let maybe bring some food. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. QAM. But this thing is like I'm slow cooked today for some reason. This switch. WQAM, hello. Look at that. Now it's all screwed up. Oh no. Don't tell me. It did again. You locked it. Yeah. QAM, hello. Go see this. Something screwed up for this thing now. They're there. They're over there. Well, you might go to wait. You're like I'm going to sit in here and wait when we got all these call coming in here. Forget about them. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, for us, Dr. Pong Beach. Okay, but the law of the actors on that fall? No. Okay. That's his local Tom Pong Beach. And I don't think it's horrible, but we don't care. Click there it goes. Just trying to have a little verbally into course with the guy. And click, okay. At least he was agreeable anyway. Whatever you say. Okay. Yeah. We're not interested in pie. In addition to which our beloved doctor is local. I don't know that much about them. I know that they're we're proud for this show. Two men and you don't take another rip off. Never heard a lot about him at a long time. What's your guy's name in Orlando Jim? What is it? Sorry. No, you know what I'm talking about. I'm always ripping me off and, oh, and he rogers in Miami. He's the greatest, you know, I'm just using my motor. I was up to date on my Orlando radio like I used to be. Yeah. Well, thank goodness we don't get those Orlando radio groupies anymore. The temple ones. Oh, man. But thanks again to that guy in Lakeland who said the facts on Friday. I'm sure it was like an inside deal or something. There will something something going on there. But thanks anyway for saving my life. Even though that was near intention. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Daniel. How are you? Okay, sir. I listen. I think the truth out of the list you got. You can't be surprised that the majority of them are Randy. Whether you believe they're true or not. Uh, majority of them are the majority are Randy. Well, what was that? Well, I don't know. I just started listening to you right now. I haven't been able to catch you all morning. You said Randy's like right in the way that's been there. False votes or whatever. No, you don't understand what I'm telling you yesterday. I was a period of time. If you can tell when people are free being to pull in other words. There's a whole load of votes that come in and chunks for a while. I'm an issue or one person or whatever. And that's what happened yesterday. Okay. Well, I'm just issuing a clearance file. What do I care who wins the poll? Yeah. Considering the loyalty we have. I mean, we followed you guys around him. And I followed Randy. You know, and then. Yeah, exactly. When he turned code, forget it. I dropped out. I just couldn't care. Even the lips and to him. Yeah. But I got to get where you should. Go ahead. And I was still. Are you sure? I'm sure. I was going to say anything that recognized still. Go figure. But, you know, I'm loyal to you because it's like the honesty. You say up the way it is and when her, at least she backs up her stuff with facts. And I'm still in the college. I'm trying. That's right. I'm going to be really in ripping off our good stuff. Very well. Like that power of nightmares. I'm proud to see that her website is becoming pretty similar. She's going to have a poll on there like ours every day too. Yeah. He's a great drop. So what time is put on your shirt? He does. Thanks a lot, Kelly. See you, man. See that. That's that. I didn't use to bother me. But now starting to go on me. These people who I think it was when last year used that line. Taking a little shot of me on his blog yesterday. It's not important in life that you succeed. But that your friends fail. Yeah. Rip off, man. Just a total rip off. Everything this man ever did was just a rip off. At least have the decency to credit the source when you rip off. Yeah. At least admitted. Okay. His style was his own. No one was not his own. He was like, Neil's unit with a much better voice. I'll give him that. I mean, if I hit his voice, I'd be making 50 million year. He's got a great voice. No. Yeah. I mean, does not have to use it. There are many people who have a great voice. But. No. How do you use it? You know, I'm talking about. I do. I'm sure the beast would agree with that. I'll probably even as Turkey sandwiches now. Are you done? I totally agree. And then you watch him eat. Uh, yeah. Sorta. Did you inspect? We're going to have a food inspector. So we're going to show the garlic. I want to say, I want to see that bread. In fact, I want you to hold up the bread right now. So George can look at it to see that you did not. To witness that you didn't eat the bread that you tossed. You shmit canned it. It's in the garbage can. Okay. Well, reach it. I mean, even a little fat, putty bowling ball like you could reach in a garbage can. The pick it up. Hold it up in a year. I want to. I want an eyewitness. Now I witness news. I'm going to do this. And quietly he hides one of those. I'm going to see it. I got I got a truck across the room here. He threw it in this garbage. All right. Move it. Okay. Did you want to inspect the garbage? Okay. I want to round the table. Yeah. In fact, why he's going around that table. Maybe you can go in here and he can show you on edge scale in the corner. I'll try it. I'll try it again. No chance. He's coming back. Yeah. Okay. Here comes the, he's got the evidence. Where he wouldn't be saying it if he weren't. There's a, watered up bread in there. All right. Let's hear it. What the beast in extra 30 minutes of life this morning. This is new. I got it. So man. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. There's a broadcaster in the tradition of Edward on the road. See it now. 5. 6. He's a WQ. I have a decent now. See here with no how he's David. I'm just a little hungry. I'll say here. I don't know. Give him. And if I had so cute. I had so cute. I would change the face of whatever that is. Now see here. Who did more for radio? The who Rogers? Well, who you Oscar Anderson? Ah. And here's my best view. Are you going to go crazy? I'm standing. Who you Oscar Anderson? That's who. But one thing he was the mayor of boarding radio. And that tight smoke. He ain't no man. Why? Hoy Oscar Anderson saying nice song. Oh, he had a. I guess no signal is broken up. None of the men were with the no no no no. I sure. That's it. Neil, sing another discouraging songs about the go with the no no no no. And then a bag of the one and he writes a minute and then he'll sing them. Now you know he's queer. But real men don't sing. And another. Hoy Oscar Anderson. But the last credit in the old two. That there's what made them that best. And the Netflix all the time. Now see here. Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olson. Or Jackie Robinson. Yeah man. Now see me here next time for a moon digdance. And now see here. Not there over here. Who do you do? Our 26th of noon. But there's a whole lot of names coming in here like for example. And then the other break already. Droozy. Look at his facts. It's from University. Don't you must be this from a Kimba. Back in the good old days. Tinkerbell drew Michael's. And what about drew Hayes. I've actually no you don't even know who that is. Talk about screeners. Not that kind of screen. We're not gay. No not that kind. And then he wound up his program director of WLSN Chicago. We've never heard of his that was bizarre. Well he was the weekend overnight guy. And every five of you stood a midnight until six on the weekends. And WS News. And by four in the morning every show he'd be like, he have learned and just because he was scream and a horror. What's wrong with you? Yeah. Well no far more than that. Real. Yeah. Much worse. So you got drew Michael. You have to do Hayes. And of course how could you forget. Speaking of the old prison bitch. How could you forget jazz McCay. You know, out of sight out of mind. See you. See you. Yeah. See you. And also here's a fact that says. And I have no idea who this is. And see if I don't know who it is, I'm not putting it on. Because I've been in a market seven million. Right. If I don't know who they are, then it got to be really obscure at the reach. It says for your pool and to a WQM's John Paul Roberts from the good old great days of WQM. I don't know who that is. What's up? And we could start putting all the old vacation amount of the years ago. And everyone's what's the point. All of the people who do them are dead or an ought to be. So thanks very much. But no thanks for John Paul. Whatever his name is. John Paul Jones. We got 26 more hosts already on these second incarnations. So we're already almost a 2000. See the biggest put this thing around it. Actually, two of the, let me ask you this. What, what did you need to bread for? Was it, was it satisfying having the, Did you know I just feel like an idiot ordering? Can I just have some turkey? I just don't have a bum. I'm just, I'm saying that that's the way to do it. And then you throw the bread away. Right. But we like ordering a nice big sub sandwich. And then just not eating. You just taking a little talk about the, You're bread. Right. And it teach you a new way of living. I just, you had a working on it man. One day of the time for the blind bride of yours. Wony Q and her. Ha ha. Q and. Q and. Q and. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, God. I just, I love your show man. I just got a chance to tune in. I don't know whether you talked about it or not. I'm about the forward again Christian boycotting places that won't say. Very close. And that's old news. And we've talked about six, 700 times in less cover. And quite frankly, it's very, so I started to mention that they had them to be against the unseen with some rattling goofball. I saw in the Nazis did the same thing. And they took and then he started going to think about Jesus in the public school. And we can't even say Jesus. I mean, these people are a total denial. They have no concept of what a pluralist their societies all about. And I say it hubm in Dred. It's really bad. It's really bad. It's really bad. Neil, I love that when you play that one where I'm home. Oh, I got you. Do you know what I'm playing? I know probably. Oh, no problem. You got him. And by the way, happy Hanukkah. Gotcha. Okay. What is that one call? Do you know the low, the low in the, yeah. Yeah. Moldoid guilty. Is that what that's called? Yeah. What is one called Mofo? I don't think we better be playing it. And they're no. Why? That there's one called Mofo. Your money. And then there's one called Moldoid guilty. V I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know. Oh my god. Don't know what to do. I don't know. OK, 21st of all, you know. I'm a prayer that can be attached to a printer that can be attached to a the machine and provided paper trails been invented and built and is ready to be installed. But, see no matter what it is, it come up with some goodness always a big standing in the way. It will be months possibly years before the state allows voters to use it. Well, they want to be able to fix those numbers real good hats right. Called the real-time audit log, the printer's attached to Broward 60-100 I've all tried to touch screen machine machines, I wonder if they attached to only a good machines. And we create a written record of the votes cast in each machine. Almost from the moment to computerized machines were introduced in Florida in 2002, many voters have been skeptical of their reliability and security. US representative Bobby Wexley, Democrat of Volca, and Federal Court, stating that the inability to touch screen machines in 15 counties to provide a printed record violates the equal protection clause of the Constitution. Oh, the Constitution, that's just a GDP, some paper your president says. Because 52 other Florida counties have optical scanners that use paper that can be manually counted just to be show. To answer its critics voting machine manufacturer election systems and software spent at least two years developing a printer to roll along with its ivo trotter can use in Broward and Dave, Ross Clinton to lobbyists for election systems and software and Broward began showing the new printer to county officials. This month I intend to drop up interest. A world of paper in each printer is locked and sealed behind a glass window. Every vote is recorded on the paper and the voter can view the record through the glass. To the looking glass, Alice. If the voter decides to change vote before leaving the booth, that device prints the first vote has been cancelled and replaces it with the new vote. Only a poll clerk with a key can open the machine. It's totally secure, said, jail-free, men, spokeswoman for the company. Pete Corbin assistant of the county administrator got a peek at the printer on Monday. It's spelled wrong in a son-son. And said it seemed to satisfy voters and counter-commissures demands for paper record of the electronic voting. There are some drawbacks though. They said they written record can't be read by the visually impaired. They didn't know how this could be solved. So the current version of the printer may be too bulky for poll workers and it's like, I guess the beast, if you don't say wouldn't be able to benefit from this, the visually impaired. That's not right. What do you mean it's not right? She can see just five. Yeah. I heard you were as glasses. Think it's Coke Bob. That is true. She does for us. See, Coke Bob of glasses. She actually thinks you're like, you're like, you're like, Brad Pitt. It's like a little black box robbery from Commissioner John Raphson said there's no written accountability. No way to be counter votes. He won the price for new printers will be an issue as well out there. So you don't want to have, we don't want to have anything in Florida that would make elections too accurate and too checkable. This is Neil Roger. This is five 16, two, eight. And though, hey, you look different. What you do, I ain't doing anything. Change the color to hair, no, I ain't change my hair color. Got a hair cut. And not good hair, thought you changed your beard all. No, I still have my beard. You're working out? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You look different, I know. I stepped on a ray. It's shattered by nose. Both of my ears fell off and so I got to speak it through both. All has the true reason. The first of its kind. And my team of the fish you say, I'm going to be fine. I'm going to wake up with a little set of width in my head. And I'll be better than you. I'm going to wake up with a little set of width in my head. But I'll be the same ray when doctors finish giving me my friend. It's gone up in my car, all we've had for you today. We are the same. When I can find you today, I've got to bring you back. I knew you looked at front. It's on 47, 13, you'll know the QM. We have to mole myster color up into a clock this afternoon. Indifractable. I can't wait David. How is Mo doing? Do it or anything on a pole? He's got the full. Mo got full. Mo full. See to go with that crap again. But no wonder you're sick all the time. I think God is punishing you or maybe Joyce. Other than the of my favorite local radio personality here at 25 years in case you're totally late we're starting all over again. And all fairness to all concern, we want to make this scientific and fair. Don't we? Absolutely. No, not depends on this. The future of many of these people is hinging on the outcome of this poll. Phil, Henry 43, Randy World's 37, keep your eye on that number. If it starts, you know, I'd just have to know. I'm going to keep my appeal on it. Mad dog 29, suds in a rect 25 for hours. Got 18. See right there. It's a big change. George is got 17. You run for Wells ass. Bob asked it at last at her 12. Hank over nine. Jeff D. A default of four sticks. Ron and Ron six Craig Worthing five. Mike Winnery five. Mo Howard David. Did. Did. The most disruptive and divisive human being on the face of the earth. I Dan Lombaster three, 80 K three, Hermiton McQueen three, Wiki Tiki Shaw three, Alice Rantell three. No way. What? What Alice had before? On the first one, on the 17 or horse, he only had two. And now he's got three. See what I'm saying? Wait a minute. Dad, Dad, what are you eating now? Who's on? Cretan. Cretan. You're eating Cretan. Phil Cretan. Bill Carter three, Steve Geldigelsstein two. Joe Rose's got a pair. Don Cox two Allen Burke two. One for Joe's a Gaki. He's still spelled wrong. It's the AGA. You're not working on it. Oh God. Joe's a Gaki. Well what happens is it make? Lady Martens one. Boosh hobby. The booster's got one. Kimbo Kaffer one. Orlando, uh, the big O's got one. Did I put Gary Weekfoot Kimbo? Who put that on there? Me? I forgot about it. Sorry, Kimbo. Although it says personality. Larry Kent one. Greg, we know one. Big Wilson one. Hello big. Stan Major's got one. George Reynolds one. Paul Casinoval. One Jerry Wishner's got one. Allen Courtney one. Bill Smith one. And none for Drew Michaels. Jasmine K. The Crow Joyce Kaufman. Norma Kent. Yeah, gotten on Norma. Jerry Williams. Robby Young. Dave Capri to Lee Fowler. Bill Tanner. Sunny Fox Steve King or Sandy lovely lady Peyton. I wonder if she's I think she's the same person is, uh, Peyton Manning. 267. So I would think that by by the end of this hour going to be close to like a total 2000. If you add a mess side by each to him saying we're going to go away over the last nine minutes. Does it really make a different style? But we like it. Makes us feel good. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Good answer. Could you put Diane Ray on your pole? Who? Diane Ray? Could you send to the FTO? Never heard of her. Okay. Sorry about that. I'm very good. Okay. And I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. See, you talk show groupies out there. Diane Ray. Is there anybody living? You know who also we could have put on there. Just news. Sorry. Oh. And there's a piece. Wait a minute. Maybe think of another fact. Actually, Peter's. All right. Who was also A.K.A. The psychic. She was a speaking effect. Black sex. She was with the what's her name. I mean, is like a hotline. You're good friend, Boer. Show girlfriend. Remember her? I'll never forget her. From the old bull and tow show. And anyway, in course then, Bea will get to be a big shot. She want to start doing her shows on power from out an LA. Now, this business of people doing their shows from the house. You know, it's a horrible. What a horrible. Yeah. And who's the surely Peter is now? Who's the L. Debbie Ellis? Debbie Ellis. I don't think she was, I don't know what you were. I never met her. She was horrible on here. But she'll get some votes. You'll see. Let's see. Where's that thing? We got a drop in about her. Oh, come on. Where the hell is it? Come on. Vice man. You can do it. It's in here. So I'll find it. If it's the last thing I do it in my take till about 145. Where the hell is that? Oh, here's one. Take it. Go, Eric. Is that hip? Bottom. I don't know. See, trying to get people to lose a little weight. Didn't work. Why that Debbie Ellis? She's a cow. Where is that thing? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. But I don't, I don't find it. Do you? You got it? I'm not sure which one it is. It's under dice. No, I know, but which particular one. There's only like 50. I see. Tell that Tom, then and book that grow up. Oh. W-I-O-D. What do you want? Oh. W-F-L-A-S-S-O. Oh. Here's another one for Pat Riley. The heat sucks. Oh. And another one is very timely. Let me tell you something, pal. The New York Jet's suck. Oh. I've got one. I'll go and we don't use these all the time. Well, what's this one? Pat Riley, they gave them a skill. Oh, that's for the beast there for his hurricanes. They always have to play temperal them. At least, oh, here's another one. Pat, for Bay. Blues. Oh. Do you be? John, I was at four. I still can't find out that Debbie Ellis. No, I don't even remember what he said. I don't even know if he got that long ago. Like maybe even the last 20, 30 year-old. It's not worth it. Okay. Put it around there. Debbie Ellis. No. 560, 050, 5060, pound five, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Debbie Ray, the guy said from like I know. I know. I know. I know. What is it? Diane Ray. I'm a brand. About Angela Ray. There you go. Yeah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I want to stay off top and here for a second. Is it okay? What do you want? This show has always been about whatever you got. If you got anything, we said you would not have to take a bite. Go ahead. All right. You can give me a favor. I've got a weird request. Um, I don't like what this. I want to know if where I can find all the radio bits for like the last 10 years. But you know, the real obnoxious ones like Dr Shapiro, because I want to do like a parody See there he goes attacking our fine sponsors now. 560, 560, pound 560, the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. See this guy over the lift to the right between bits and commosials. Right. Although quite frankly, nevertheless, we're right along. 560, 750, 560, pound 560, the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Nice try there across the street and then go to work. What a shame. WDQ, I am. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. What about Jim DeFidi? What about him? He spat and got tested. What about him to the pole? Why is that? Is he a radio personality? What is he? He is what? He is personality in the radio. Albus Station is that. 610. On WI-O-D? I'd like to ask. They put that cup of garbage on the air? Well, he's got a face for radio. That's for damn sure. Now the answer is no. How long can he be at on? Like, our probably since he got candid. They heard. They put him in their last 25 years. We're talking about somebody who means something in a market. Somebody important. Like, Joyce Kaufman. Not freaking Jim DeFidiis. God, what is wrong with you people? WQA, I'm hello. Yes, we're talking to you. Speaking. Any minute or two names for your list? Yes? Alcmedic? And comment that like us. All right. How could we forget we've been trying to forget about both of them? Excellent. And you mentioned Albus Line 2 earlier? Yes. He was on the side-hand of these for about 30 or 40 minutes. Oh, what a good terrain. I can't look back here. The main thing out of the past and he's looking for conservatives that I am, which is Jim. I think it's scary. But he's that perfect. I'm hearing that he shot a hand and he would like to fry that queen in the oven. I guarantee you. I don't know. They found it pretty close. I don't. Well, that whole misdredged thing, birds of a feather flocked. I think so. But he was out in San Francisco. He was out from getting one of these about the news. And that's what he was about to be proud. Yeah. Albus was definitely up in the oven. They should have made a package deal. Thanks a lot, Pally. Oh, how you felt like us? Alus, but in time, don't like us. LEYKIS has him kissed this LEYKIS. Tom like us. But at Leatherjacket, baby, gets in the car in the middle of the night and left town. That's a true story. I don't care how he tries to color his eyes. I should write a book. You should really tell this because you're on the local local line. I only on the year in Miami. So who'd help would buy it? But I'm going to tell you right now. Oh, well, so it's cheap. I'd come. I don't even mind the wrong hour. Or I already got, I'm so far ahead of myself. I already threw out the page for the last hour. I'm getting way ahead of myself. Not that vacation's coming up or anything like that. This is real Roger. Oh, fuck. This is 5.62. It's the 12th of the world hour. Yeah, at least for today. Oh, Roger. Like a river. As here is the team. I don't have a middle hour much for a while. But I want you to know what up here in the rocker roll hit him. I'll be thinking of you. There's Christmas. And I have to give you a special Christmas message. I'll message a piece. Like, how about a little trees that high gold bar? Thank you. I'll go on. A lot of holes for him. Christmas is a time of hoot. Time of joy. Time of love and I sure would love it. Thanks for that opportunity, got there. I guess. What will I? Oh, I'll go. Oh, yeah, Christmas. Christmas to leave means. Family. And family means friends. And friends means getting together. And getting together means. Eat. All past you that don't stay with you, please. I'm like, it's like a regular. Not just a little say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out a helping hand. Helping. A hand. Or would you send me a help in those nice daters over there, which is a blue. Thank you. Thank you very much. No, like I was saying, I know about it so big. You can't. It's too big to help a friend and me, you know, with a hot of it. Season. A little past me that's so sugar. When you get the chance. Okay. Yeah, just just don't screw the color. That's like a little mess. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take it to you for moved. Ayles. Now, I don't leave those steak to have that way. You know what I mean? No, appreciate it. I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look in the mirror, I have to say God must be a big big son of a girl. Did you know what I mean? I like it here. But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing. And you know all this home is Christmas. It's certainly not popcorn up on the tree. Save a big big bowl for the king. Extra butter. Did you know what I mean? I like it here. I can't. I can't. I can't say that big bowl for the king too. I'm ready. 12.02560. WDQA. I'm happy Tuesday. December 13. It's lucky 13 for us today. You want to know why? Why? I haven't gotten any idea. Maybe we'll find out by two o'clock. Maybe we could as mowers on today. Maybe because the mad dog is doing two and a half hours. Maybe because we got the panther and the Nashville hockey game tonight at the macarina. Or maybe because any key will be on the odds on whether anybody's going to go to the next game. Let's see the next game after this. The red wings in town Thursday, almost phony, a firm running, wet wing fans will be there. Whether red wing jerseys on or T shirts in their outfits in their red wing jogies. See, it's one thing if you're really a fan of a theme. That's one deal. But all these fanwagging juppers, but red wings want a couple of stand-accaps in the right way. Every time the red wings come to town, there'd be like 5,000 people in there with red wing perfinadeon. How many people from Detroit, you think, live in South Florida? Not turned in there. All the Midwesterners for whatever reason they went to the west coast of Florida. Most of them, the Chicago people, the Detroit people, they moved down South. They went to Tampa and like a Cere soda. Sorry, soda. Yeah. Few of them, my boss was up when I worked at WSPV in 1973. Snookie, I mean Cliff Lanson was the general manver. And because I would say sorry soda on him, he had a nervous breakdown about that. And the mayor's name at that time was soda, and I used to call him soda. And he just, I don't know. Hey Snookie, too bad. He's probably dead by now. Snookie Lanson, I'll ride. Other than the Neil, my favorite local radio personality or show last 25 years is 319 votes and guess what? 309 and 1667 is what? 309 and 1976 that was a very good year. That's what I was born until Jimmy Carter got elected. Well, at least you're a four day toss his ass out. I bet you're pardon Jerry. Jerry Ford couldn't walk too gum or speak at the same time. Other than the of my favorite talk host, Phil Henry 57, Randy Rose 44. Now see, I believe that. Don't you? Sure, whatever. Mad Doggy 35. Scott, Scott's in Rick, uh, I just changed again. Phil 58, Randy 45, Mad Dog 37, Susan Rick 29. I think they left the letter off the second guy's name, the first letter. George Rodriguez 23 for rally team. Bob last at or 12. Hey, there you go, Bob. Here's something to hang your head on. Hank Go over 11. Mike, 28, Jeff de Forest 7, Ron and Ron 6, 8k 5, Craig Worthing 5. Michael Oosting didn't get any it. Herman and my feet in five. Mohour David, did the stuck it for there. Dale Bastard, boy 3, Boosh on me 3. You see that even in the photo together. There's something really, huh? That's it. Something really interesting with Oost 2. Don Cox 3, Rick Shaw 3, Joy Reynolds 3. Now, let's run tell. She's got 3. Ellen Burke 3, Bill Carter 3, Lady Martez has got 2. Oh, he's got 2. He's got a start sticking English. What he's got 2. Man, he's bad. The big O's got a pair. He's also a marginal. Steve Goldstein 2, Joe Rose 2, Kenstone over's got 2. Pretty weak, Paulie, off are all these years. And by the way, we still run a higher year. Jasmine K1, Joseph 1 for Joseph Gackie, Kim McKimba B. Larry Kent, Jerry Williams, Greg B. Dale, Big Wilson, Stan Major, Jerry Witchner, Alan Courtney, Bill Smith, and none yet zero out of 318. None for Tom, like his Alex Vettant, Viala Shirley Peters, Drew Michaels, Warren Acro, Crow Marty, Joe's Kaufman, Norma Kent, Roby Young, Dave Capri, Lee Fowler, Bill Tanner, Sadi Fox, Steve Kain, or Sandy Peyton, Lovely Lady. But she's always, you know, since she went off with Ann Bishop's body, she's been in a really much better money to have a leave, or at least part of it. Yeah. She's been in a really good mood, old Sandy. What's that? Oops, that is what I wanted to hit. That's about the first time I sat in a long time. It's called Pisticon Your Finger in the Wrong Place. Right, Tom. Some people have a habit of doing that. In fact, I think that's what happened at color that was just freaking out on the phone and laughing and yucking. I think that he had a big hit. Have a nice day. There she goes. Now we're talking. I would love to keep you awesome myself. Oh, God. What a bitch. The stories that I would be about how they hated her, like poison were legendary, but on the air she was so sweet and serpy. See, you don't get what you think you're getting, okay? What you get is not what you see or hear. Trust me what I tell you. It's like me, I happen to be in high sky, but you sure never know it. A homemade, more bad news from Iraq, but things are really coming up for us. Is there, aren't they? But their homemade bomb killed four task force baggedad, so we're just today. The US military says the four-day while I'm patrol, north west of the capital, which brings the number of service members killed when I see even easier remember 2150. 2150, 20-foot-foot-foot-foot. Okay, but they won't stay there for long. It's zooming up. And, as if that isn't good enough news in Ramadi, it's only Arab candidate in this week's selections in Iraq. We shot and killed today. And in theory, a ministry spokesman said that he mercum military reported what we know about the edits. So there you go. All only good news, only good things. And of course, he's still got a tremendous number of people with no electricity and no drinkable water, stuff like that. But nonetheless, an ABC news voya, they on a payroll hour what? Disney must have made some kind of a deal with the devil. Because they're newscast, now they got, it lives up in the Vargas in Baghdad, and she's showing all the merchants and the little kids and the little kids and families. The ABCs, I got the asses of that because of the local 18 carries, a 10-le-le-team in the cable, which is a buffalo. Obviously, it's really good at a big carry. So I didn't avoid the last two minutes last night. There was Elizabeth Vargas. Now they put those two losers on together. Man, are there numbers going to be crap or what? And let me just tell you one other thing. If CBS puts Katie Korkon, there was his rumored to be in pay her as union dollars, what makes anybody think that anyone's going to watch her if the news. Oh, you know, she's perky. Hank will. I see. Katie Korkon is hot. Is that what you're telling? No, that's like she's perky. No, no, that's not what the ABCs are. He said Hank will watch her. Yeah, they used to date or something. They used to date? Yeah, backers she was down here and he was hungry. He was hungry. Katie Korkon used to date or whatever if you date. Maybe they used to eat dates. Oh, my God. Figs and dates. Well, they're bad. High carbs, man. Figs and dates. Totally. I wonder he got so huge. Anyway, she, this year of credibility. She really hot. She got anything other than being on the day show and being very boring and doing in civil interviews. Oh, no. But you know, something any network that would put old, funny, dirty Bob Sheep or OP nokey on here, it wouldn't surprise me because they're desperate. They're desperate that they came in. They fired Danny Borlow. Love before his time. Bad move CBS and your pain or wicked price for it. I'm back to a Martian Brian Williams myself. What's wrong with the, the Martian. You just got to, just got to, just got to, just got to get used to it. But 85, 85. 85 little tiny teeth. They're all like jagged and pointed in different directions. It's kind of fun. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. We're talking about the human race and its limited futures. What we're talking about. And especially because this religious, all these getchies have got control of the world. Now, God. Almighty, I was thinking that this morning. I was thinking, why was in the shower? And I was thinking to myself. Box or earn. Okay. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying or scattered or scattered do I want to get cream acting cream It is way to go or do I want to be in a box? I don't think I want to be writing an album You know they've got that thing now where they take your ashes and compress them into a diamond and then someone can wear you Well, it was the view of the jewelry who somebody real pretty could wear that and pass it along anyway Boxer earn and I'm thinking to myself You know all this crap how could anybody believe in this afterlife garbage? Well, man has a soul like I do it for a dog's don't think so it eries cats don't think so Lizards don't think so Dinosaur still think so minus or we're still believe it man's got a soul my ass Your soul's gonna be up there in heaven sitting around the really easy the Lord praising great I thought you did it. Oh crazy. He said he's only been gotten son to be brutally butchered on the cross What a wonderful god. He is perfect. You know seriously how can any who did more? For the religious community, okay? Just just prophetic. Oh, I just see you know the only way to survive and keep your sanity is just just ignore all of that You're not trying to get anything you read because it's just going on for too long But here we are Thousands of years later and the ramblings of primitive ignorant superstitious morons Oh, and the good book says this I think I said this yesterday about him getting all whipped up about it because it's so aggravating and I'm arguing about which period tales and more accurate why don't we also argue about grim spurry tales? Oh, by the way Mary Christmas I be called the rally is the ending question on hey by the way Bill anyway Happy holidays for awful Don't start talking with the food stuff now. Any place Then you start with a falafel balls and then vessel coming out See the stuff start crying process. It doesn't take too much to get the crying by the way does go to the doctor. He's ill Yeah, I'm about to go to a color of his not this more if there's one thing I don't need to hear as about the color of anybody's not plaid. I heard yeah No, those are his checkered pants He said he said he thought it was just a little mucus, but it's not and Don't start again with an adventure. I've actually the beast eats of boggers. I guarantee that I didn't ever once eat the bugger How about somebody else's well after the story now that that would really that all man See this is my new or our concept of helping you die it if that didn't make you lose your appetite Can you even begin to imagine that? What's up? Anyone maybe might be appetite listen they take chocolate covered ants. I bet you they covered it in chocolate. You need it. Oh Sure without it Especially white chocolate. No. I was gonna say dark chocolate. I like it dark myself the chocolate anyway Now I talk with fan Here's the fact that says what about art Riley? Art Riley. I thought our Riley was in Chicago and WLS on video. I used to listen to the longtime WID morning newscaster when he and Brooke Austin We're together. This is Chris well Chris all pray for your soul. You old code, but that's a little before anybody's time Chris out of count kiss that she did paper that he facts to us that he is still alive Incredible That's what credit I mean I bet I'm the market for 600 years before Jesus was an infant and these people are like Send me names that nobody were even their parents never heard of these people 1213 at five 60 WQM it's that most wonderful time of the year unless of course you hit the credit Mals along registered lines and the parking hassles So this year make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones get them a Dilemantris gift certificate when you call 1 800 mattress you can order a dial-mantris gift certificate any Denomination in a brand new bed makes a perfect gift at last for years when you call 1 800 mattress You choose from the top names too. They got silly Serious Simmons King Qua turns about and is foster and tempered. It too Maybe you're a bed suffered damage from a hurricane maybe it's like waterlog Maybe you need to bed for those last minute on about an uninvited holiday guess whatever the deal is Just make that one easy call that been telling you about for years 1 800 mattress and you'll get same date Libert from 8 in the morning till 10 in night and they still let you choose the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule dial-mantris is proud of their record of being on time 99.7% of the time which is why they're ranked number one a customer satisfaction the universe I wouldn't dream about a mattress any other way. You should be doing the same before those guests you're I've picked up that phone and call 1 800 mattress a log under their website mattress.com 1 800 mA TT RES Leave off the last as because it stands for squeaky real Speaker Burn it down the Christmas tree Doesn't really even ourselves outside And later we'll pull off fire alarm And run like hell when I Help yourself got to poke Up here that is a rare One moment please the creeping has started Okay take a look to your right Take a look at the screen okay Got it look at that Oh It's in pickle I'm not jolly a jack My falls with bow's of holly Burnin' down the Christmas tree Just for kid goes and push Caramel's crack down the stereo All the neighbors are having fits Burnin' down the Christmas tree It's the beer filled hall of days Dan sure you will have a blast When you do Christmas Our way Okay 129 scene the creepers Eepers creepers are at it again What a surprise So she said that Yeah You got to pop the on the money And it went from 81 to 103 They're coming in like 22 boats What a nice idea Yeah it's 10. Yeah it's 10. No I'm way ahead of you Pretty salty 50 million boats for the goddess Wow All right Wow Man oh man I am pleased to see those They're all over our website Like stick on Greg That's great I said something about Duff was in this morning I see the old restaurateur He's sick of it I said he's taken a maddie bell And he just Oh was he this McGill? No I don't call somebody That muff myster man He talked about out of touch with reality He's taken a maddie bell He's taken a maddie bell He's taken a maddie bell Anyway here's a fact It says how could he feel Oh is a great early sochin I'll ride Let's get him on her So see each eye All right you got to ride there On the fact He did that socks show man Never have a pair of socks lived as long Is that early sochin Show on socks He was Good guide over there Like her knee a lot I'm not going to knock him Off along here But a good guy How's it going Also can you play the school of broadcasting But it brings me to tears So it brings me to tears It's a behind this station Believe me no problem He grows coming up It brings me to tears You know when I think about so many of the people That are working on the year On this day's end In the market in general I would say right now This is the all time Just like what ourselves department At least work in system I mean there is nobody in that Sales Department who sold anything on They show in so long It's like record breaking And the people on the air That we got we got Speaking of people we got in the building Know that Tommy was a 171 pounds Does he? Do you find that hard to believe? Yeah a little bit That's what he said He came in her yesterday He had to see Tommy came in and got on a scale No problem at all The doctor's scale And he pushed the little thing over there 171 Of course he probably had 20 pounds of pot Under each arm Right Maybe say it was a little bit But I can because I mean How tall would you say? Ten of about six one Maybe six Yeah Yeah they're about six feet But he's scrawny How can he weigh 171? No he's not as scrawny as he used to be Yeah he's adorable Is he like in a little more normal Well Tommy's a good guy Okay I guess he has too many others in the building But we like Tommy a lot Other than that not too much But anyway here's the yeah we got that Yeah the free the freeping is all look 132 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh you're way ahead 155 They're coming in and chunks This is most amazing You notice it took it took an hour 20 minutes before the Great fine got going The beast has got his nose on this one Somebody has got their finger Cause even our own freeper I don't think could ever come up with this many You know I mean they're coming in And just enormous chunks And now we're up to four 70 we got like 2100 votes Between yesterday and today We're redoing the pool trying to get a more scientific And the freeper's out there I think if Eric is capable I don't know how we do this I think Eric could probably do it Cause he's the only one that can change And then for this over the honor He needs to put like three Asterisks after Randy's name And then if the bottom of the pool Put freaked We could do that Yeah let's see if Eric can do that Eric's a magician We appreciate Eric even though you don't believe it We do It's a laborer love Wow Now we do it we appreciate a lot Some days A 37 year old woman who is 7 months pregnant by her 15 year old groom Said she prefers older men but the teenager Aggressively would her This is an Atlanta And she and we need all that fatluck And either do you see her Lisa Clark? Who? Lisa Clark No Who's that? Eighth Let me say it again 37 year old woman She is 7 months pregnant by her 15 year old groom Lisa Clark Or that's the story You see it? No I heard about it though She is charged with child molestations Statutory rape and enticing a child for indecent purposes I went to eat thought it was free decent 7 TV interviews yesterday That he still helps to make a life with him and their baby They have his son They have his baby Odeeous coats But I forgot her name Until I got word Where did I see that? I have also had a collection I have my collection there Yeah my time life Paul Anken Odeeous coats She said the morality The relationship was open to the bait Noting that in the past It was common for 13 year old girls to be given in marriage They're making a big deal out of a 15 year old She told WHA TV in Atlanta And I can assure you there was no victim It's not like they're making an out to be I told him no several times Because I prefer someone older But he was so nice and so sweet she said Evidently not two three The boy who had been on probation on an unrelated birthday charges Ordered yesterday to return to juvenile detention After relatives he was living with said they could not handle him Out of control Slaff around a little bit okay Talk was arrested last month after the couple's number eight wedding George O'law allows children of any age to marry Without parental consent if the bride to be his pregnant The law dates to the early 60s was written to the story out of wedlock berths Clark denied marrying the teen to try to avoid prosecution I told her to take them that I got married Because I wanted the baby to have his name I wanted to be married when the baby came she said It's always a good idea George when the baby arrived to be married All right Clark said the baby in an of course got a quicky divorce Clark he said the baby is a boy wouldn't have the middle name of renew husband who's not an identified by authorities because he's under age 15 I got to tell you I think I think 17 would be okay. I think that just my opinion who the almighty who uh, yeah 15's two young Can we wear it for well wasn't too young to knock her up, but I mean just two young to be a married I think I think 50 is too young to be married quite frankly George would I think George would agree a hundred is too young to be married Okay, let's get those asked to be a son there. Maybe we got them already. I don't know I know it's going to take some real labor of love for the old people working on it But he puts Randy At a boy Eric you go fatself. I shouldn't say Eric is fat because he's a sliver of his former self and converted to the beast. He's like slim pickins He puts Randy rose freaked. That's me. I just love the way it just got to me when I saw it freaked 156 votes. He is just pulling away so this verifies what I told you yesterday Man, you can't pull the old world over to Shabbole over this old queen's eyes. I'll tell you that So I'm not even gonna give her not a total. We know that what this proves though. Yeah, what's that nothing? Oh I'm not gonna give her total. You if you want to see it go online and look at it. Okay, and laugh yourself silly Phil Henry 75 Jimmattage 47 Rick and so it's 40 George Redweeg is 29 for wow I actually surprised for all thing got 19. Yeah, I think I'll then the short attention span is short memory of the audience is astounding How about last year has got 19. He's been off here for six years and off here and so I'm fortified You've been talking about him lately, so I mean, but he's been away But I see so we don't talk about for a while get out of here I just played that crappy together bit today for quite a lot you're making excuses man I think he was all bluster mostly I don't know if he was yeah a lot of bluster. I'll low beast likes him a lot because he shares a fuse with him I think in 19 Hank Goldberg 16 Jeff de Flores 9 Mike winner nine. I'll only give a few of these mom. Oh, how are dated 7 Ron and Ron 7 after that? It's really small potato so far Dan LeBassers got three and booch zombies got what four I mean like that. Hmm anybody else of interest who's gotten none? Or any sochin there's no S on the end of or any sochin by the facts of my bad. I know I'd my bad. I should totally Debbie Ellis that cow surely Peter is another cow through Michaels with a crow Joyce cow from Norma can't no votes Norma Lee Fowler, Sunny Fox and Sandy Peyton all of got to be although they all are rock solid and work What is this a lot of fun to that? I don't know a lot of work to Yeah, I waited here what movie is leading the golden globes I'll give you one hand gay. Well, you know that all that cowboy movie. Oh, they're just not even about it I wonder how they broke their back had something to do with their back to him 27 past noon a QAM Dry concepts is going strong baby. I've been talking about them for the last 100 years and I've used it in my homes for about 21 plus years now They are the best when it comes to cleaning your carpets and with the holidays here it's not to make the call to have your home completely Santa Claus not just your carpets the whole deal Greg concepts also specialize in a post reclating leather cleaning great breed cleaning or you ever Rebcleaning water damage restoration pet order treatments mattress cleaning the urinal is nasty Biting dust mites and lots more and during this month during thisember dry concepts got a special offer They'll keep you sleeping like a baby maybe that baby that that chicken and land is going to have no matter how clean your home It's almost impossible to get rid of dust mites and you also know that dust mites George heard the number one cause of allergies Aha, so do yourself in your faith fan family a big favor. You're rid of those dust mites today by calling dry concepts Don't forget now whether it's you're carpeting your repository leather furniture drapey or any rugs or this month special dust might cleaning The only company you want to be called is dry concepts, but even around a long time all the others have come and gone or still go and strong And I still use them all the time and the only company I'll think about using it. Give you written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their spectacular job And they brought in the palm beaches called right concepts toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 around a wicked web log on to dry concepts dot com This is new Rogers this is 5 16 Q A Ready-ins dumb ad shirts W Q A is proud to bring you the W Q A and school of broadcasting yes you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio if you follow our curricula the courses free of course you'll work for free Call 1 800 1 to be and speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Marjons Now you want to be a boy cast a boy cast a boy cast a Yeah, you're a Talk to your new say news No Yes, always have to right Can't see I thought we have a Was beginning the course We wait series To We have the effect of the way the way we will. We will, which we will be. We will be able to go. We will do it. We will do it. We will do it. We will do it. We have to hide. I will find a reason. And I will find a book to and page it. 14. Repeat after me. And uh... That's what I want to do. I'm going. And I will do it. And I will find a book to and page it. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. I'll radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQA and school a broadcasting for Vajr with the essential tools you'll need to make your WET radio dreams come true. I mean one, one, two. We will lose the level. 1234 QM. So anyway during the break and I've been checking on old blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Ever since we got the facts in Friday. That's what he said. And there was not a new one on here today. So during the break I thought, well, he's got something on here. Had nothing to do with me because I figured the last person he's going to write about is me because that would be like crediting me with whatever. And I don't really need that. But now he writes this one and I'm like the rest of the blah, which is all written in like normal type. This is in bold, dark black type. You know, there's something genuinely wrong with a guy who checks in here numerous times a day. To see if I'll respond to his petty random somewhere else. I mean, come on Nelson, how many readers do you think I have from Toronto? Is that choice? It's sort of a stick to it. It's a stick to it. It's a stick to it. This is that choice. It's sort of a stick to it. It was the penpal relics. Maybe actually got a cat room together. Oh, that's yeah. He's taking any time to check in the chat room. He's checking the domain report to see how many times I'm checking. Because obviously it's giving him a vicarious through. So just like the Randy thing that's going on with a you're creeping it up full. All the other underlings, all the other cling-ons, the people who ripped off all or part of my actual videos. Now they all still gravitate back toward here. This is still the center of the universe. You know what you could do is those little birds that dip into the water glass and then back up. Yeah, what one of those in front of your keyboard hitting the refresh button? Like at a 30 sec. Oh yeah, you're going to get a lot of hits from Toronto, baby. I mean, how many listeners do you think I have in Toronto? I actually do have a few. We get a fax every now and then as you know. And of course, the Nelson thing I got from it, you should put Neil. Because then then people who read that might have a real good idea who that is. That is choice. And I'm saving my life through your death. And now I feel even more vindicated about what I said before. So, and this is probably going to save him a lot of money. Okay, make his final days at least less desperate financially. Because now he won't be playing anywhere near as much online. Poker, he'll be listening to this show online. And the price is right. It's free. Is that choice or what? That's all. In addition to which he see if I would respond to my petty ratings and he does. He does. I was a little less. Yeah, exactly. What does he think that is? I was so used to thinking I have a Toronto. Whatever. For instance, anyway, I'm here in He's there and that's good. I'm here. And you're there. And who's there more for talk radio? Bob Lasseter or any social. And a beast is just just being a means. Because even though any of these people are anyways, so it's just funny though. Is it really? That was it. I almost interrupted the spots. I was a little bit worried about that. That was just incredible. I've never. I've saw them in my life ever seen anything so. So typically an indicative of what we're dealing with here. You know, go back and tell your Poker. Don't worry. I thought the reason that you put a blog on there is because you want people to read it. In addition to which he. I know you would up whoever sent us that facts on Friday, who has never by the way said on their facts from Lakeland and listens online. That had to be like, uh, instigated. What do you think? Maybe it was. Or I'm sure he'll respond to that statement there on his blog. No, no, no, no. I won't want to, you know, come on. The nerves that he would think that I would put someone up to contact you. Have a life yet. It's a blog war. A blog war. What a ego that man has. Oh, man. See, this is what happened. And how many times have we talked on the show about Lasseter in the last like five years? You know, how do I mind that fingers are one hand? Right. What's the novel get a lady crying and the West Coast or something like that? But it's, you know, uh, whatever comes to come saw. Like, I'll decide out of mine. It has been in the business for six years, even before he got definitely yellow, and whatever. And ordinarily, I don't wish anybody any bad health no matter how much. There are three people in the world I would make an exception for in that. Wishing somebody bad health. Okay. Okay. One of them is him. And the other two will be unmentsurable. And the other one is, Okay. I think he got them down to a sign. Nah, I think I did. If yours knows him. I got it. I'll, I beg your pardon. I got it. You got at least two of them anyway. I know. Okay. Okay. Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality, you showed last 25 years is Randy Rhodes, free. Now, would they put that ass to race nice to it? 205. Come on. Let us out enough. Let's get 50,000 on there. Then we might believe it, huh? Oh, God. This is hysterical. You see, what are now I was telling about ego? When you're working this market, you cannot have an ego. The only time I ever had an ego. And it was ridiculous. I'm embarrassed by it was when I was at W. Snows. And I had the first time I got the big book and I had a ten share, you know. And here, like I was like the center of the radio universe. I inherited the Alan Courtney nighttime audience, most over the age of 100, but nevertheless. And I had these huge numbers. And I kept them for a long time. So at that point, everybody that was on on a weekend, I'd be in the car, maybe on a way to pump it apart, and there'd be little Mike Spindell. Or how come we left Mike Spindell? I'm going to let's get him on to. Mike Spindell. Two wells. Freaking new those. And have a good part. Freaking new those. I'll see you then. Gerald 14 in the hospital for testing California. Oh, I hope to visit this. He's face. I don't. Anyway. Get in there. And what was I just going to say about my film and being the current. He'd be saying, well, you know, as Neil says, and of course, though, I would just give it. Yeah, keep talking about Neil. You know, whatever I say, yeah, it'd be a parent. And of course, over the years, I had so many parents. It's like, handle, flak him. Repeating everything I'd say doing my style hanging up on a collar is a bitch and out old people that are like that. You own your float. Yeah, still my material. I like that thing about old people. In fact, if you're read about some of the last sort of stuff on the, I'm the various other websites. Well, you know, his unique style of attacking old people and dealing with the colors of it was nothing unique about it was all a rip. But we're just fine. He's not the first one who did that. But all of a sudden he's got, and I can understand, I'd be cranky too. If I had my foot and I'd be taken, my vision was going to my days were a number. You know what I'm saying? Would you be cranky? That's why we're cranky now. Like old cranky, Matanky. So what did I, what are we doing here? Henry of 84, managed 57, suds in Rick 47, George. Little George got 33, your kick and ass for about 24. Bob Lassar, 24, see that Bob, where resurrecting your name, we're bringing it back to life again. Hank, over 19, Jeff to force 10, Mike, we nearly 10. Mohour, David, David, David, David, David, Ron and Ron, seven, 80, K6, Herman and McFeene, six, Danny LeBass, you'd five, Big Wilson five, and on down from there. Who's gotten none? That's what they like. Mike's been, though, when he just went on their portal, Mike. So what guy, Mike's been to all but horrible on the air. Don't you want to have a good time? Doing his trivia. Ernie Sotzen, Debbie Ellis, Shirley Peters, Drew Michaels, Druzey. How you doing Druzey? You're going to back on the air in time soon? No. Joyce Kaufman, Norma Kent, Lee, Fowler, 75 centi pay and they've all got to Big. Norma Kent's eagle be wounded forever. This is new, rather. This is 5.62 pay. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but you can stop the fat one. Who's that man on him or more than? It's six to ten on S.U.M. He's a man on his own. Who's that man on him or more than? It's six to ten on S.U.M. He's the guy that makes down Delaware's cry. He likes to think he's known the one. Blah, blah, blah. He's bigger than the first blah, blah. His pilots are the most blah, blah. The biggest man in radio today. He plays the songs that make you sleepy. He steals material from me. That's the new day. He gives the time when the weather's looking fine. It's the times that play the song again. Blah, blah. He's bigger than the first blah, blah. His pilots are the most blah, blah. The biggest man in radio today. Let's make the song our sister station. And bring the blood on here today. If it to clap man could use another kid. He'd have more boring songs to play. Blah, blah. His kids are the most blah, blah. His pilots are the most blah, blah. The biggest man in radio today. Blah, blah. His kids are the most blah, blah. His pilots are the most blah, blah. The biggest man in radio. Call 49er. Whatever you do, don't respond to my rantings. How can you know that there weren't any rantings? When I was talking about on the last, well, that same person that said you the facts? Maybe he'd like contacted him because blah, blah, certainly wouldn't be listening like online. Prosecutors can subpoena Russell and Bals Doctor's as part of an investigation into whether they conservative radio or comithead or illegally bought paying killers. Judge Rudy yesterday. Judge David F. Crow. I wonder if he's kind of our crow. What do you think? Maybe rule that Florida laws do not prevent doctors from talking with prosecutors. If the discussion is relevant to the prosecution of a crime. It'll like doctor shopping. Right. The decision gave prosecutors permission to subpoena doctors and their staff. But it also protected confidential material in the Bals medical records. We've noted that Florida law prohibits the discussion of a patient's medical condition and information is closed by a patient during treatment. Prosecutors and attorney for Limbaugh both said it benefited from the ruling. The court allows us to proceed within the constraints of President Laucid Mike Edmonds and a spokesman for the State Attorney in Palm Beach County. And right, black, rough ad asked Russia's attorney said in the statement that this is an upheld argument that the state cannot breach doctor patient confidentiality just because it's obtained some medical records black said. And he's still on the years still making millions and still spot on a bunch of bullcraft. And I wouldn't be surprised to build a Hillary vote just kill the whole bunch of people. Well, we weren't looking when you think. Of course. Okay. Let's get back to the golden globes. I always did like those golden globes. Me too. Not necessarily the same ones. Broke back mountain. Right. All my God. The story of two gay male cowboys grappling with their low. They were grappling more than with just their low. Grapping with their love for each other. I haven't seen that. Right. Like, uh, I'm making a part and I said how to go. Was the top golden globes? I still can't get over that thing. I just saw it. It reminds me of Jack Buck in the world series that well, I may be the Beast members. I can't believe what I just saw. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. I can't believe what I just saw. I just, I, I just can't deal with it. You know? Actually, I was like taking an interest. I was like fascinating reading this stuff. And of course, also the fact that it and haven't I said how many times a hundred times in the last three shows that this is, well, not as much on Friday, but in a yesterday today. That by, by, by, carelessly getting involved in this whole thing. It's kind of like, oh, give me a wake up call and see me in my life for meeting all that ice cream and crap and butter and killing myself with my diabetes. It's a positive thing, okay? Your audience should have sent her the thank you card. That's right. From Toronto. From Toronto. Broke back mountain, Mr. of two male cowboys, graphing with their, I think you had a good idea about putting that little woodpecker thing on here and just tapping out a. You got 7,000 responses on your domain report from Toronto, eh? Oh, uh, broke back mountain. I get to this sooner or later, picking up seven nominations, including Best Democratic Pictures, was also nominated for Best Director, Ang Lee. Ang. I was just going to say that. Not. What else did Ang Lee do? Cropching tiger, hidden dragon. Oh, big deal. Best actor in a drama, Heath Ledger, and Best Supporting actress in a drama Michelle Williams as well as Best Sweet. Oh, Heath Ledger. He was in, uh, whatever we just liked. Oh, well, what's your comment? Master's ball, Master's ball, Master's Golden Globe. As well as Best Queen play Best Original Score, Best Original Song. Good night and good luck to you, constant gardener. History of violence and Max Point also nominated for Best Romantic Picture. Good night and good luck is the admirable thing. The nominations came a day after a broke back mountain woman. New York Film Critics circles Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor Ledger Awards. How do you like that? All right. Now, here's the list. You want to go through the list right? I'll not. Let's go one. The list is an nominee. So the goal. This is a golden globe. Uh, I don't even know. Oh, please. Huh? I don't count for nothing. No. Russell, Croost, Cinderella, man. Oh, I felt similar happened to a podium. Is that, is that maybe actually out yet? It must be. No idea. I don't know. But in any way, if it is. Yeah, I think it's shown right now. I think I saw a spot for the other day. One thing about Philips seem more hot than I do like him a lot as you know. But. Y'all. He always looks like he's playing the same character. Right. Well, the, if you see the previews, the response for a company? No. He was a little bit different. And he was in cold mountain. That civil war movie with Jude Law didn't see it. And he, he played kind of a southern minister. Yeah. With a long hair. Oh, so he's a little bit different. But not actually not really because you know, and tell them, Mr. Ripley, Freddy was a totally different character. That's true. I take that back. Hey, Freddy, don't look at that statue up to light. Ha ha ha ha. Anyway, I think we're just a coincidence that Maddame and just played that character. And we're because you just got married in those rumors that his wife is pregnant by somebody, probably not him, but nevertheless. So at any rate, yeah, I like to see more often a lot. The company thing, ah, ah, you know, trying to be calling her out in cold blood. He does a really great job in, at least in the, took that I saw. But then you got the gig album. I think maybe Pat Robertson and Jerry Falberg got a plane. The whole world is turning. Yeah. You see that? That's it. Yeah. I think it's a fag conspiracy if he asked me. And believe me, I should know. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound, five, sixty. How come we have another fag from that guy in Lakeland again? See, that would like straighten it all out. I think it, you order reminds me of what, what was the phony name that the Fath boys, but he was using on those fagcens for a while. Which day? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Remember we had the series of fagcens that we've been a while. A while. There you go. Very good. As in a while. I love it. That's it. So I think that maybe the fagcens from Lakeland was a, um, a lie old thing. Could, could, maybe not. I'm sorry. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The tail. Sounds like me, yeah. Oh, hey, no material. This one. Didn't know if you knew it. Tell me more often from third floor. Third floor in New York, a suburb of Rochester, maybe I'll ride. Absolutely. I don't be pleased to know that we're already up to minus eight degrees here, celcius, which is about I'm about 12 or 13 plus not too bad. You can't take the ferry over there to back and forth anymore. I'm standing up. Now they won't let you take him anymore. Have a great party. Okay, okay. Yeah, I don't think they, uh, I was, I said that on the year as I just told somebody that I do, they think they closed down the ferry. Well, first of all, I do believe that during some part of the winter time, at least like Ontario freezes. I really don't know. I shouldn't say that. I'm not, I'm not sure. With their freezes over. But who at this time of the year, this got forsaken time of the year, wants to hop on the old ferry and go from Rochester to Toronto or back to a, especially who wants to go to Rochester. Lylex, aren't looking too good this time of the year. There you go. Phillips, see more often is from fair probably your. Hi, about you ain't never been in for a port. Nope. Uh, too late. You missed a good stuff. Well, it's like a lot of it. Oh, you missed all the good stuff. Like in Boston, you missed the. Princess spaghetti house. Oh. Oh, I, oh, I'm sorry. Now, you're at how I wouldn't win. Did you live there? Uh, it was from 76 to 94. Now, was you had to just forget about the business then? One day is Prince spaghetti night. Oh, well, no, but Prince spaghetti also was there. They had a restaurant store. They had a whole chain of restaurants. They had a, they had a, they had a, like a hundred different kinds of spaghetti with with sausage with meatballs with both of the, they called the Prince grotto was that. Oh, I mean, enjoying Nemo's. Yeah. For the subs and brigands for the ice. Oh, he had a hard fight. I used to get raspberry lime rickies. He's going to die with a big smile on his face. This is Neil Roger. This is five, 16, 18, 18. Okay, just got the rail. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one, the two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers iron balance one to two hours. Uh, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. Oh. This is my wife. She wants gifts to lower. Though my Becca Counts there is our mightings. I want what I can't afford. After the years of those films, they're just some sweet things. Christmas to be here, we're not far away. Your every time you fight this hard day, I need so much day on our day. You're always spending so many ways. Call heaven's day, I don't say. Something happened, well it's all that's more than I need. We're so many, yeah, I got a lot of today. For everything on my own way. I'm dying of it. One or two, it's our gigantic humongous flaming wood and two hour. More Howard David coming up at two. May God afford us to stay straight in that panther stuff. Nashville at the Macarena N.E.K. follows the hockey the hockey game. Panthers couldn't win a fifth game these days. It's kind of a shame. Watch that franchise kind of disappear. Big volentment man from Palm Beach. Deal. Ready? Ready? Which I'm sure you need to want to hear a lesson about a judge declared a misdwell today and a lawsuit about promoters claiming that Venus and Serena Williams were unique going to deal to play any proposed 2001 battle of the sexes of against male tennis players. Oh no. Palm Beach Circuit judge Jeffrey Wittacov granted a motion for a misdwell made by John Romano attorney for promoters, Carl Clark and Keith Rhodes after Keith Rhodes after almost three weeks of festival and interloss due to wasn't immediately clear whether the weather or the case will be through the court. Mr. Roth. There's another fact that's just came in. Oh, I see. The fact is now starting and I keep thinking it's going to be from Lyle. I mean from somebody day from Lakeland. Right? Right? Carolyn one of our regular facts is said my dad was from Hamilton Ontario. How's it going? Carolyn A. My great grandfather. Car Hamilton, by the way, is a horrible place. All right. All right. It's there. Luckily there's a bypass that chops off the west ass end of Lake Ontario when you drive it an agrofalse from Toronto. And the bypass goes by the city, but you can see across the lake. You see all the smoke stacks and say it's an industrial town. And I would say about the size of Rochester. Three 400,000 people. All right. And really smelly and they're not much. And anyway, my great grandfather, drowned while driving his horse pulled carriage across Hamilton Bay when the ice broke so the people did drive on the bay and it did freeze. Well, how do you like to have? What's better? Does it freeze no more? I don't know. I mean Lake Ontario is a, you know, a giant lake. What you've been on it? Oh, you swim. You swim across. Yeah, right. I saw a picture of it. Yeah. So they won't be, they stopped the ferry. There he goes. Rochester, Toronto. So I guess I can't go to Rochester no more. Since no more down at bombs, I have no reason to go back there anyway. And in addition to which you don't have to eat the bun. Last time I went to Donna bombs, I had a great cheeseburger with onions and nice big slice of onion and pickle and no bun. I mean, I didn't eat the bun. See what I'm saying? Beast, you can still enjoy some good stuff. You just have to order to add cans up a little bit. I mean, every little bit can help. Do you understand? We're trying desperately to save your fat ass. I'm not sure why, but we're trying. I'm with you. We'd like to keep you around because you're amusing. There you know, some people. Oh, don't go. I'm for amusement sake. I'm sure you can relate to that. Yeah, but we like the beast. Let's speak here. It's a little bit short. You know, we like the beast. But I mean, why there's an implication there. So what I'm saying? Well, shot. Now, a little shot. Always stirring it up. Somebody, a very in bulk of facts is a letter to the editor from today's bomb beach post. Retaliate for the stripping of Christ from Christmas. Raymond and Boeton Beach. Right. So it's not going to waste my time reading this. So you love you. People are like puppets. You know, they get on Fox News and they create this. See, this is called. They would call it racking the dog. But that's an old movie now. So you know, during the Clinton days, they were calling it that. But now it's called changing the subject. Is what I call it. We had all these people dying in a rack. They got no idea how to get out. They find it. It's all based on a pack of lies. You know, all these indictments against just about every Republican who was ever invented. But let's change the subject, shall we? Let's talk about stripping the Christ from Christ. And the fact that we can't say Merry Christmas no more. Right. So very right to the bottom of this horrible letter. Could you do me a favor on my behalf? Please public, if you think all your goi listeners from Perninger couple of years like us to stay here and not have a cost in the gas chambers as the founding fathers intended. Thanks and happy to Newcastes Raymond. And also happy for us. Special happy dinner call days. Very. How do you like that? Yeah. All we got to do is like, you know, the police strings, blow to whistle, whatever. Right away, they're all like the flamingos and highly, you know, they're all goose dip in the line and whatever you say, and you know, you know, and Billy Wally said this and it's like, oh for us. The same thing. If anybody doubts how Hitler succeeded, it's not that difficult. If you've got a good line of BS man, look at that freaking doctor. Phil. Oprah gets on here and tells the 30 million. But heard man. American women at the doctor filled no something and he's like for real. He's legit and all of a sudden he's a star. He's making millions. Biggest fraud that ever came down to pike in fact, even even at Kevin Chudor, I have more respect for it. With his phony as book about how you better sleep on a steel bed or whatever. He was a cramp. Randy Rhodes freed. I enjoy looking at that. You know, I'm not worth sure which I enjoy looking at more of that or that other thing. I might just go back to that again. Although then he'll see another hit from Toronto. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Oh there's a lot of hits say here. Believe me. All the hits all the time. Other than Neil Rogers, my favorite local radio personality last 25 years, where we doing this if he joined us late, we had like 16, 67 votes originally then we realized we left off for well and a host of other host host and host the host the toast master. The toast master mixed our lawyers is not supposed to give us opinion. Ha ha ha. Yeah, that was on WS News. Some one of your people. The toast master. Isn't it yeah. Mr. Hoyers. Oh look at that. Oh, she I like to find him. He's the one disappeared on the Mediterranean cruise. Where is he? Oh, not that good. Anyway. Oh yeah. I got to still let me forget the stories about the cruises. In fact, I don't hear they are in my pile. I'll get to a momentarily. My scroll human sells after injections. I think pretty simple going to have a mice being brought off. So some of the people are Robert Greeper better watch it. He'll be here forever. Oh yeah. He must have the naked pictures. You know what? Yeah. I don't want to say of what. Other than Neil, my favorite local radio for his not Randy Rhodes. Feep. I wouldn't even give you the number. It's too embarrassing silly. So 1002, Jim Manditt 65, Susan Rick 56 years Rodrigues 39, Bob Lancet or 28 for Rout 24, the Humper 24. Jazz McCase 17. No Howard David, it did 12. Jeff DeForce and Micrinaritide 10 of Peace. Herman McBeen 9, Ron and Ron. Eight. The boosters got seven. The booster. Any K7. Big Wilson 6. Dan Levassier 5. Only 5. Danny Boy. Craig Warding 5. Joy Reynolds 5. Joe Rose 4. Don Cox 4. Rick Shaw 4. Alice Rand tell 4. Now in the whole first, the 17 hundred Alice only had a pair. And then somebody mentioned that fruit cake was on the air yesterday. At two keys execution. And right away, always got 4 now. Alice at the palace. Bill Carter 4. Lady Martens 3. The big O is got 3. Robby Young 3. He's still not the motel. Steve Kane 3. Jerry Wichner 3. Helen Burke 3. Good guy, Alan Burke. Which I know. Yes, something. I really wish I would have gotten to know him, you know. I learned how to be a really good guy, huh? Alan Burke. Alan Burke. I told you after I had met stroke that time. He called me at home out of the blue. I couldn't believe it. Very con legitimately concerned about how it was feeling. And if I was okay, and he was a good guy. Well, good. On the air was all sticking. Of course, I should have known that. But the time like is to Kim a bow camper to Gellie Gellstein's got a pair. A pair. A major two. A stand. That two grand ought to be worth about 50 million now. Mike Spindell 1. You don't want to have a good time. Come on. Let's do something trivia. Alex Bennett 1. Joseph Gackie 1. The Crow has got one. Larry Kent's got one. Rest in a big piece. What he must have had a big casket for him. Jerry Wichner is one. Also dead. Greg B. Del 1. Dave Capri to one. Lee Fowler 1. Rest in the piece. Bill Tanner 1. Alan Courtney 1. Bill Smith 1. Sandy Pied 1. And none yet out of 794. 754. For early soachin Debbie Ellis Drew Michaels Joyce Kaufman Norma Cantersonny Fox. And that's any fox you're doing pretty well the first time around. They must have been 40 votes. He had 15. Oh, maybe they're vote for Andy this time. Oh, no. She had no shortage of first time around. Believe me. How many QAM? 5cent for hello. I need it. Okay. I said, free. Not creep. I said, free. Central not creep. You misunderstood. I said, you know, I know it's not right yesterday because he called and I thought that you were doing the voice. We thought that all along the really isn't around. It would be nice. Yeah, the size bill. Yeah, cranky on the side. Yeah. WKOM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. How about David Graybeline? Yeah. How about David Graybeline? Yeah. We'll get him on there. Thanks. I can tell you interesting. I won't. I have no problem with him. We've ended our fences. Well, I told you the reason that he and I had a little problem along the way. And I was a K. He was producing my show and he did when when said the kid live in put me on instead of three to six from two to six. He expanded Craig and my short Craig went from noon to three. I was on three to six. Then at a very minimal 50 bucks a week increase Craig was tended to I was two to six because we had the only numbers on the station. And they were still all old. So David Graybeline had that show. What I was it called like a home improvement at your service. That's okay. That's your service from my tendonoon. So once the hours expanded from in Craig, I was the end of where at your service with David Graybeline. So he was still my producer. And he's up there at the K.A.T. you couldn't see the phones ringing. You could only see when your producer put the calls to you. And it would all be blinking our whole. But when the phones are ringing, you couldn't see him. He was the one to put it to you. He put it to me and the operator too. And so I'm sitting there in the afternoon every night and I'm not getting any calls. And so I had a spy, Sam, the production man who went upstairs and he started lines over and I was talking to these up and I went nuts on here and I said if my producer would decide to put the calls through it. Because you're sitting there and you're ranting and raving and how that goes. And you think there's no calls coming in. And so then he picks up we had like a bat line. You could pick up and talk to your producer. There is that better click you know like that. So we had like a little, you know like he blamed me for what's all that I have to do with it. He shows suck. He talked about how you get rid of cockroaches and how to clean your back home pain and whatever. And I was at your disservice. But then I really forget the rest of the story about how we kind of like at IOD. Did he work at IOD one time or what was it? Did he get a short of work there? I think he did news and had a show in the weekend. I'm not sure. Well, we became I went to the best friends but we meant that our friends and he's just fine. He's okay. When you agree he was just fine. Yeah. And he got married to a young lady who had a family already made form. One 13 at 560 WQA, it's that fantastic time of the year. Merry Christmas by the way. And happy to nuka but. If you hit the crowd at malls long register lines, parking hassles and crazy crazy shoppers. Here's a good idea for you. Make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you and your loved ones by giving a dot of mattress gift certificate. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can order a dot of mattress gift certificate any Denomination and a brand new bed makes a sensational gift that lasts them for years. When you call 1 800 mattress, you choose some silly sort of Simmons pink cool Sterns and Foster he would end 10 for Peter too. Maybe a surface of water damage from the hurricane or maybe you need to bed for those last minute unabided holiday guests. Whatever you're a dilemma, call 1 800 mattress. You'll get same day delivery from 8 in the morning till 10 tonight. By the way, last year also stole the battle of the top show host for me. In Tampa. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. And also a mystery go to the same on the life bulb. Call 1 800 mattress. You'll get same day delivery from 8 in the morning till 10 p.m. you picked it in time for delivery to feed your schedule. The battle mattress is part of the record and they ought to be of being on time 99.7% of the time, which is one of the reasons why they're ranked number one of the world. In customer satisfaction. I've been shopping down mattress for years and you wanted to do the same easy thing. We pull those guests to ride just reach over and pick up that instrument and the phone to call 1 800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. 1 800 mhttr ES leave off the last as because it stands for. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 a. It was a baby gravy life. There's a cheese on light behind the glass. Go down the glass. The house is our daughter. We are wishing we were Christian on this summer's season. The right chosen. So, a night we like life. When the tent is become a day tonight. All the guests tonight is on the Doratale Adventure Christmas. In that tour, our holiday is really such a for a day. From the Doratale. All the guests tonight is on the Doratale Adventure Christmas. In that tour, our holiday is really such a for a day. From the Doratale. It's so hard for us to go shopping. We don't know where to hang the bears happening. What is our date? Are we too late? You can almost hear them go. I can't help you now. Come on. Whether we took those to do. So, you think it seems to be good gifts when we only pay hold down. All we get to is light is on the Doratale Adventure Christmas. In that tour, our holiday is really such a for a day. From the Doratale Adventure Christmas. In that tour, our holiday is really such a for a day. From the Doratale. All right. You can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I can't help but take the cake. I have it but that is something to think about. They should have an auto refresh. What do you stuff? When I was in the guy's look, I run a part of the whole thing is that the guy in Lakeland is really such a person and I notice there's no other facts. But what he did is he, I still have to look at it from the positive side because if he never would have facts I'd have been eaten crap over the weekend. I might be dead right now. I look at all this attention. No, but that's the type of report. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not sure if he's going to be dead. I'm not very clear about the three-ping on a pulling. Maybe she had nothing to do with it, which is more likely. But some are for encephyr people. No no he is ripping me on the end and he's doing this. Oh the crappie. One of her. her actually I really am because she told Bob Green to stuff and I'm glad she finally made it big. I'll undo be as much money she's making but nevertheless she's our nationwide. If they show it would have been our nationwide we could have been content as we could kick some serious ass but there's no point in crying over spilled milk because I've never going to happen instead of just a buzz. Huh instead of just a buzz. Yeah instead of being just like buzz like we are now. I understand what we could have done but it's not going to happen because I got a you know a frustrated want to be ball player a screamer for an agent is a good guy but you know and that's it. I got the most mismanaged career in history and I'm still doing pretty good and I got no complaints none zero. The sun is shining it's all the way up to minus eight Celsius which I'm sure is like at least double digits Fahrenheit like 12 13 degrees whatever and then it's fine. You dress for it. Tomorrow's Wednesday it's wood by and day and to the week I go on vacation what's not to like and of course when I'm on vacation you know the good part of it all over Europe but they have at these internet cafes. You're everywhere I'm not nuts. I just in Europe but I mean they have a lot of them. Oh you can hit the blogs. Oh yeah I'm going to check it we did because I want to make sure that I don't miss a thing. Boy you're going to be generating some domain report. You can yeah you can freeze some other talk show. How many listeners you got in Europe blah blah. Oh no he's checking it again. Cruise passage you're still lost at sea. The US Coast Guard was not asked by the himmy authorities on Monday to help continue with the search for Canadian woman who may have followed off a cruise ship near NASA. Canadian authorities are leading the investigation said then Martin's the nation folks been for World Caribbean cruise. It's then Martin's dying. Joe Bagora remember the story of V. Sweetest Day about the gosh in Bagora. Yeah. Joe Bagora 59 was still reported missing by our husband one of whom he had gone said it I mean she's still missing now. Coast Guard aircraft and the himmy naval forces searched the waters off NASA Bahamas yesterday Sunday. Bagora had not been found by last night. They were a Caribbean cruise ship that Bagora and her husband were traveling on the jewel of the seas which had sailed from Fort Lardardale. Dr. NASA about 1130 said Saturday morning. The girl has been said last time he saw her was around 9 o'clock Saturday morning. Bagora did not use her ID card to get off the ship and NASA she and said. So if you didn't get off the ship she's missing and maybe she just went for a little swim or something like that. Maybe she did like a Natalie Wood. Huh? Possible? Yeah. Or was it matter of fact because I've been screaming about this for a long time I'm begging you not that I care one way or the other I mean it's not so soft off of my faddle will pimple you guys but do not waste your money on these cruises not I don't want to hear that the beast likes and we already decide to have a best vacation ever. You see what I mean about him? Like I said I hope you have 14 meals today. I hope you eat so much that you were spoiled but if I tell the way till Thursday you're not on to mar with us right you're on the way you get shy to mar. Well you can talk about the Gaza Strip and Thursday and we can talk about killing Palestinians. Thursday you can come on in like explode on here. In fact George can arrange it and all these people can bring in food we'll have bread and food from Tony's we'll have all kinds of stuff from how he's everybody everybody that's everybody in food we'll bring it and even explode around here I'll promote it those little mini burgers those are good. Yeah right Wayne Arnold maybe he called us a couple weeks ago. Right today two congressional subcommittees are holding a joint hearing on the subject of cruise ship disappearances and crimes to take force of a place of board of vessels. MC Moey a reporter with the Jacksonville Business Journal spent six months tracking that information on cruise ship passengers who disappeared or went overboard and a lucid subcommittee because most of them in seven international waters are foreign jurisdictions. She found 12 passengers since 2000 including five with a with an preceding year though the majority are believed to be suicides anyone who looks over the rail of an ocean going ship knows you could disappear for everyone knows waters. Close suggests that if you hardly enough might be homicides. Since then the number is grown with the 17 including Jill Bagora. Moey will be traveling to Washington to cover the hearing at set of and so on. Since her original story ran in June she keeps getting contacted about to subject. She's heard from 14 new producers one family member passengers and two guests on ships were in since occurred. The hearing was called by representative Christopher Shays of Connecticut who knew George Allen Smith before. That's the guy that showed on the year before 2016 old honey motor who's delighted to see her other work here at the University of the F.E.I.I.I. Yes. He is a pair all day. He found blood in the cabin and the people in the cabin extrovert loud, the pounding and screaming and fighting going on over there and it was blood in the cabin. He just disappeared. It was an accident and somebody got hurt. Right. Twenty seven passed one a QAM. The MRO coach continues to be Florida's number one Asian group or maybe a phase where it buys a get restaurant review. This is not a place for people like the beast all the way to go there. It will put you over the edge. Any time you go to a faith place you notice all the big gigantic people in it not everybody but they they find it. And now we're be Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring mean lobster served thermator style and every night is crap fish with last-kin still crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs. The man used course still includes first oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30 count of. Not third man. Different items and the MRO coach serves delicious juicy succulent New York states cooked the order the way you love Manhattan Carparmib 2. In other weekends they've room for dessert at the MRO coach's famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. You can end if your own strawberries marshmallows other decked and treats just smear them in your man and go nuts. And don't forget the MRO coach won't give you big headache like a lot of Chinese joints because they don't use any crap and a cooking no MSD no cornstarch. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol freaking over oil. And by the way the MRO host will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Three locations for either in sunrise sunny out's beach and pepper pies please make reservations for Christmas Eve and day by calling 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 at a great place where a holiday feast or real pickup at the MRO coach 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 This every time I pull out something but it's weak but I can't do this. I'm Jewish and Jewish and I can't even read me. Yeah my rabbit head only Microsoft anyway you want to eat it cold hot it. So fun for your mother brother sister father. I am both for a low up customer box. It's like so. Microsoft Microsoft. But for a full week that's over thinking you asshole before my parent has over on the man flow was moving and I hope you understand it. If you want the story of past over rent to take a man in star and star or passing but I got a question about the bread that is 11 causing an indigestion call like so. feed it for a week we got stuff. No red no pun stuff. That's believe a Jewish stuff. And most of the slave the Microsoft when he was fleeing Egypt had no time for rent to rise he said I just leave it we can eat it like this eat it to the Hebrews but little video that the way it went into people because my people go everything and some kids should damn hands or maybe you will help your past some house with one bread rock is so famous when the tape is listening flavor of the box it came in Microsoft eat it at one single second guess in Microsoft. Even crumbs on my left and chest and it's gone so I tell the other to me in my soul and test in my so Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft never had Microsoft maybe you should write it be careful protein them to throw mess up your acting riot people laughing my sandwich crack sitting ever quiet the best place to enjoy my thing is an imprivator you eaten tuna on Microsoft no way you're looking cool it's been three days since I dropped the kids off at Hebrew school I like my moths sweet with butter and jam on it but please add a respect just don't put ham on it don't be sure of the moths nothing could be safer just think of it as a super size a union way for what's crazy the moths but handy this piece of weight because some reason we can't have one sweet and a reader so go where had the need to write the Jewish or secular and if you need a smoothie will keep you ready you'll never heard the Jew like this I surprised here the bread might be flat but this song is a ride the hot so when I'm much I love the crunch of my so I love it a bunch wash it down with punch I so it's for lunch I got a hunch it's my so my so my so that was brilliant son if I'll slow you home love me on suburb and home boy dot com boy is no backwards oh I'm really thought about that you all is your backward yo yo yo yo 26 till 26 to 72 a am Gallup pool finds Americans belief in god domain strong this is why there is no hope for the USA I'm like the European countries and I'm like here the religion is to just they dominate they've taken things over they're out of control go in gone wild a new galavs survey released it finds that four decades after the god is dead controversy was first noted Americans retain a strong belief in a higher power oh my god some 94% think god exists only 5% field god does not exist and even most of them are not sure that exactly 1% are certainly is no god but how strongly the believers believe nearly 8 and 10 if actually they are convinced god exists although gal does not ask them why that is there is only they'll god conservatives are more likely to be convinced than liberals 87% versus 61% women a little more like than men 82 versus 73% and residents of the south of course more likely to believe it than those in the East 88 versus 70% surprisingly some 61% of those who sell them are never a 10 church are nevertheless convinced that god exists oh let us hold our hands together in pre so we got all the right and we're not gonna say so how long my sure could you show and remember to tell me yeah let's go back to our bar missed them after it's again and we'll really dazzle these guy and what do you say huh anyway and another creation to these streams scientific management where animal species are being missed together and ever more exotic combinations scientists announced yesterday they've created mice with small amounts of human brain cells and an effort that well we got to get them in management right away before it's too late in an effort to make realistic models of neurological disorder such as Parkinson's disease led by Fred Gage of the Sock Institute in San Diego the researchers created a mice by injecting about 100,000 human embryonic stem cells per mouse into the brains of 14 day old rodent embryos those mice were each brought with about one tenth of a percent of human cells each of their heads a trace amount that doesn't remotely come close to humanizing the rodents well why not hey just they're working on it yeah they can still run with having a mouse run around and had like a human's head on it like a human yeah yeah no no no no he didn't have a human head yet a mouse head but he walked around he was like a mouse with like a real human head on it like Joe Rose for example that have to be a strong mouse to carry a head around that heavy but never less what a shame that we let him go you know if that really that screwed up all our plans anyway this illustrates that injecting human stem cells into mouse brains doesn't restructure the brain gate said still the ad works all while like nice piece of cheese every now and no two yeah still the work of the growing ethical concerns of mixing human and animal cells but it comes to stem cell and cloning research after all mice are 97.5 percent genetically identical to humans I've actually know that yeah that actually well I didn't have it to be said no that I did not know that well we just learned something I see the worry is if humanized them too much you cross certain boundaries said they did magnets directly the stantromyricleboard for biomedical ethics but I don't think this research comes even close to that not yet researchers are nevertheless beginning to bump up against what bioethos is called the yuck factor yeah three top-poning research is for example of a plight rate patent that contemplates fusing a complete set of human DNA into animal eggs in order to manufacture human and we understand cells one of the patent applicants OZase is Cebellie first attempt in such an experiment in 98 when he fuses from his cheek into cow eggs it's one thing to talk tongue-in-cheek this was cow and sheep or the other way away what came of that the idea is to hijack the machinery of the exit to value his car work at Michigan State does not involve human material because that would violate state law at Michigan State who aren't so great and we like it researchers argue that combing like human animal tissue is vital in ensuring that experimental drugs and new tissue replacement therapies are safe for people it doesn't I know what you want but it doesn't really say anything about what happened with is evidently didn't work others have performed similar experiments with rabbit and chicken eggs while university California Irvine researchers have reported making paralyzed rodents walk after injecting them with human nerve cells but the possibilities of stem cell researcher so fantastic to bet he's right when lunatics these God squaddy skaters augers and these embryo kisses other ones in charge now but you know what the rest of the world is still working on and the rest of the world will do it right while the u.s. is back in the stone age with the George Bush and a bunch of marionazis orders a good movie on the other and I can't think of the name of it with Joseph cotton and the coming the Mary widow waltz are whistling it he's a mass murderer Joseph cotton but he sure was good you know and he's not a good movie there's an Alfred Hitchcock movie nineteen forty or one forty four I want to say but anyway I don't know what the name is there you go like it huh there's a boogling he was uncle Charlie oh that's right just like Joseph cotton and you'll see he played uncle Charlie sitting in your hood otherwise oh uncle Charlie whoever she was one of those simpleing 40s actresses twenty-two a cue away and when you're shopping for choose man comfort and fit it's what it's all about so get over to brandy shoes they'll take great care of your titsies they got a humongous election unbeatable select and just about every major brand in the shoepiness rock port echo floor shine new balance essay is ma fisto you like him they got him and brandy's professional shoefingers will make sure that you got a customized perfect fit of your favorite comfort you every time this ask for army you'll make sure you get the perfect fit of the right price and whatever you like they got your size on a shovel right this life on your feet right now brandy's even specializing why wits as well you know fat people generally have really fat feet you know that better true yes you have fat feet I do have wide feet white really short I like like a tiny time even try to get you in the door with like a crowbar brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere for comfort style fit value and selection always think brandy's shoes and you find brandy's it's 12 million or federal highway and pumping your beach open daily to lines on these two five and this week a stupid pen is better than ever time to buy it brandy's take 20 percent off on selected men's and women's styles including S.A.S. naturalize your floor shams store in rock port so be sure and get into the store especially before the holidays at brandy's or new year's shoe shopping right online if you like it brandy's shoes dot com this is new rangers this is five 16 22 different you fall in theaters now from the director of Harry Potter and the goblet of fire what's going on in the floor besides George Bush and the goblet of fire out of all the ones you've been waiting for rarely is the question asked is our children learning no more questions but uh so the finest school of which craft and wizardry in the world and you'll be under the finest and master that Hogwarts has ever seen but uh I can't learn there's an old saying in Tennessee I know a fantastic property in the city this is booming once shame on you it pulled me take a fool again stop blotsy brave then again I don't have a lot of intelligence to accept I George Bush and the goblet of fire well I may be I need to learn to communicate better goodbye the end okay 145 a Q I'm gonna get my woodpecker out and get prepared to a storage for you right uh here's the pull results of far and you probably wondering if you tuned in late was this the pull all of what is today's pull right so but this is the second time around you know sometimes doing you know the second time is better than the first time for sure other than Neil my favorite local radio person out of your short last 25 years is we got um eight eighty three which means we're way over twenty five hundred votes of you put them together so the beast you underestimated see I'm sorry even then we did a very devious and secure Q it is way radio roads creep to eighty one a totally bogus number when I would just say about 200 of those are phony votes seeing then the sad part of it is whoever's behind that and doing it will never the goddess will never have a really a chance to really register and find out how well she would have done or not maybe that's the purpose see what I'm saying right over to this mic and nobors is the CEO of dive board has resigned story on rostory dot com thanks mic and nobors are hopped right on that right after the show or back yeah and we'll get it on the website thank you Mike how do you like that dive board man talk about the stolen fixed elections you see to me there's not a dig into that too much because they don't want any of the truth just like all the religion crap you know and they keep with these stories about the pop did this and the pop had a good b m and all and how what do you people got a girl pair okay when you're gonna when you're gonna start giving us some truth okay who did more for educating the public the cbc the bbc or the american freaking networks and talking at the lunatics uh is there any doubt is there a doubt the third five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line based my blood boy makes my kishki's twist when i think about the crap the lies that get pedal for two and that's why just just that you can take any scene but especially when he's writing and raving about uh you know tv is an illusion and who knows what crap will be pedal for two minutes never after the Saudis bottom all remember that whole thing i sure do and the Saudis deal must be stopped now and he was pounding on the tape who did more for ubs he was screaming the on good stuff no was good stuff then yeah and now what was your take on that movie you saw i loved it say there's i always heard the beast is like a fat little intellectual right there you have to be a pseudo intellectual but he gets it he understands that or the significance of the greatness of the movie network but i have the tremendous application of it to what we're going through today two day and the way the networks are all a bunch of carnivals and circus clowns and goofballs just pandering and hoaring their wares to the highest bidders that's all they are so you'll never get to truth from us what's any crappy one here remember that nation you want to hear do we'll feel that nobody ever gets sick and archie bunkers out so although they were a little premature on that one but nevertheless remember that nobody gets cancer and archie bunkers out and just wait till the end the good guy always a wins in the end of the whatever that was good we had a start to taking some of those clips and plan again do it although Josh court is a good guy of set because he didn't like the movie fell asleep well maybe a war but he's a good kid but he's just you know like that little slow i think anybody under the age of 25 don't watch never because you want to appreciate wait till you get a little bit more whatever yeah 50 wait till you get to be 100 w q a m hello yes sir i think the chemtrails are making me go there's a most a vercolor come to q a m hello oh hey how you done okay i got one for your both John Blower i'm a child wow and he's standing good news is he still dead if you know he had a thumb missing on one hand no i didn't you know you know he read you see or something right now he was a sour and nasty old right wing of course that's you know we're done to John Browered of course i don't know what is real no you know what is real i would put another adler his name was jules adler okay he was Catholic but he did want to use that name on here because he saw people would think he was Jewish because it's not a very Jewish like Martin and you know uh adler adler adler adl like Marty and learn about Martin and that they're not alder not Jesse algae algae algae yeah Jesse algae ears if you got a John Brower so he used to be a car he was a top show car a chronic right wing uh with a very pondress and oh god and they made him into a top show host that we can like i think he was want to surely spellbirds colors on kt and they made him into like a taco sir's John Brower poof you're a talk show host and one time he proceeded me on w i and z he can you believe any was on like six to eight i was doing it to midnight yeah and then i think we went from him to dashing the calum i'm trying to remember if he croaked like uh during the period he was on the out of member i don't know lappy deffy laughing deffy macalam she was she had a real scratch you a huge kind of like a female for real without the humor yeah what was out the essence of humor very scratchy annoying voice who the hell decided to put that bitch on here that can be calum family of several researchers body arriving is freight sandy ego this controversy over how the military is transporting the bodies of service members kilo receives a local family in sandy ego said fallen soldiers and marines deserve better and that one would think our war heroes are being transported with dignity care and respect it said one would think upon arrival in their hometown's agreed with honor but unfortunately the family said that says not the case did heroes are supposed to come home with their confidence rate for the mercenaries flag we did by a color guard but in reality many are arriving as freight on commercial airliners stuffed in the belly of a plane with suitcases and other cargo john holly and his wife stacey were stunned when they found out the body of their only child Matthew john holly who died in a rack last month would be arriving at Lindberg field is freight Matthew was a medic with a hundred and first airborne unit in the number 15 when somebody dies in combat they need to give them do respect and deserve for the second birthday made say jahah holly and he is absolutely correct john and stacey holly who were both in the army made some calls and with the help of u.s. senator barber bautier Matthew was greeted with honor and respect our familiarity with military protocol and things that that sort of was to kind of put our foot down when at your other parents had that same knowledge the holly's want to make sure now that every fall and here it gets the proper welcome the bodies of the service members arrived at over air force face from that point they're sent to their families on commercial airliners a reporter called the defense department for exploration representative said she didn't know why this is happening oh i see we don't know just to don't bother us with the facts or racial unrest in Australia spreading those are seen and just like there they're a brick forefathers baby their brick colonizers the racial unrest at broke out in cities beat side several of the weekend is spread to two other large Australian cities where people are middle eastern to sing were sold by white people police said Tuesday let me ask you something people are a minute people are middle east not white well different Lebanese and which is a good looking on from i'm looking for it depends on which angle you're looking at him from blackham can i ask you a question for what seriously what can brown do for you well what we start one fifty two a q a m truth is when you dare to compare you'll see why forward is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA it's not for the only four daily one because it was arms strong for the home state now the holidays are here maybe your car was damaged during hurricane willma maybe it's one new ride for the holidays and for a long time to come well as the smart time to get on down and see our good friend David rich and let it put your fan asked me how to we love a new arms strong forward right now arms strong for the home state have some great offers and incentives get a thousand dollars cash back or a fine and sick is low is zero percent on a four five hundred free style get five grand cash back on a slower expedition how about two thousand dollars cash back on a scape and twenty five hundred bucks cash back on focus certain restrictions apply don't forget when you buy a four from arms strong for you'll still get their unbelievable exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct tires and batteries for life David rich and the staff at arms strong for the home state will guarantee the best price and because it's a local shop no creature fantastic just like family to make you a customer full life you won't get a better deal on a four in place in town no folding deals no BS so called David rich at three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve and tell David you want the Neil deal arms strong for the home state there are three oh seven twenty five south fixie highway just twenty easy minutes south of the old eight thirty six check them on the web arms strong cars dot com driver little extra maybe just a few miles to save thousands and zillions of dollars when you do your car shopping at arms strong forward of home state this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight two two that smells delicious honey I know but we're not Gary funny ready for dinner oh no way mom that smells heinous I can't eat that crab is the junkie in your family overly critical of your cooking are you in need of something to bring back his strong out appetite high my name's bar bit you and down here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances that will restore your drug addicted trials appetite just in time for Christmas introducing the crab pot now you can cook up those shrubs micro dot c l b's got just smack it angel dust with the crack pot honey ready for dinner no hey mom that smells hey dude mom that smells right jays thanks crack pot the crack pot the perfect Christmas gifts for the string out junkie in your family available now at the bottom are repair of any of these store one fifty nine a few and we're almost out of time listening is flown by today you know yet flusom zoom in on by and anyway we got let's see a nine twenty nine nine already on the second go around to this let's get a right this time okay other than Neil my favorite local radio personality of local or show it last twenty five years Randy Rhodes free to totally bogus number two ninety three I say two hundred twenty votes fill in we won twenty five fill is the winner so far mad dog any four says in Rick sixty six four hey forty seven Bob last year forty how do you like that huh to which done for exactly forty for the blobbo who has been on the earnest market for longer than uh... before Jesus was a child was a fetus or he wasn't Hank over twenty nine for real twenty eight jays mk twenty one and uh... machinery fifteen more hard to the divided by fourteen time with her minimum being so uh... blah blah forty votes all i can see is where put you back on a mad blobbo and you think it's very fortunate by by by by comes to scoresoit of