Hello, or not, pretty good on the uptake there, huh? Yeah, when he says, you know, the hair on the head business. Absolutely. You mean the former broadcast of it all? Yeah, you're right. I'm bad. Big enough. Big enough. Today we lost the dolphins. What was us? I bet you, somebody's in here crying right now. I don't want to say that our operations manager and program director are emotional cripples. I don't want to rehash what happened here yesterday. I apologize to you for leaving you hanging there because I was always going on. Well, guess what? That makes two of us. And it was certainly unnecessary for that bizarre and aberrant behavior in their parts to take place. They're just lucky I didn't get up and walk out. Yeah, I was sitting here watching, you know, duff sitting in there monitoring your show and I'm like, I'm not going to happen again by that. I'm saying to myself, this is the most repulsive disgusting moment. Yeah, that will never happen again. It shouldn't. I mean, if they can't trust you, who can they trust? Yeah, well, so he can trust me. Here is Johnny. Well, if Gus Veroz coming in, there's the dolphins back up quarterback. I think that tells you everything you need to know about this coming soon. Not a lot of, you know, break the heart of that last guy that called you from Cocoa Beach. But if I were him, I just keep walking straighties and they're saying it. And they're saying he's, he took the deal here because he's going to compete with the, he tells you what they think of the feeling. Right. And so I'm thinking about the right things here. Here is a look at on the bright side of this thing with the dolphins going over there to 790. Is that everybody on this radio station now will feel 200% free to say whatever the hell they want. All of you sports nerds out there, including you, and ripped the dolphins and asked, is there really so? Cause if you thought last year was bad, just wait. You know, the one thing about Farat, he said that he wanted to go someplace where he had a chance to compete and he has that opportunity here, which he used to hide by 31 other teams. That's all. Yeah. Now don't start right off the bat. Well, I couldn't wait. Hey, I can see if you're out. So that's of course you want to. I couldn't wait. Yeah, good. Anyway, it's hoping for. I hope you're at ease today. And I'm so I'm completely at ease and we're reading ourselves of the disease and life goes on. And all right. As it should be. Right. If any nervous nellies sitting in there. Oh, I'm going to tell you something seriously. If they had a group right at a bottom east man, that place would be the number one customer on the list. I think if you had been here yesterday, you might have walked out. Yeah. I'm going to see it. I'm going to see it. Yeah, I had to leave it. So only if you could have heard it. If you could have heard what I heard it. Now when I was waiting to talk to you and all of a sudden you disappeared and they're coming to them. And it's always in tandem. They're like joining the hippos too. You know. I got you. The operations manager and our junior program director joined at the hip. We'll say this ourselves, man. We're a what's his name, Stippy. Yeah. Yeah. The step. He's he don't mind. He doesn't like me now because I ripped him on a year. So he's not going to come back and talk to me anymore. But I guess I must have embarrassed him yesterday because in the last 24 hours we got three new pieces of copy. This is more than we've had in the last four years. I've got nice going there, Stippy. I wonder where my new copy is. My big lost in the mail. Don't get carried away. We don't want to overdo it. It was one day at a time. Right. One word at a time. And copy. Anyway, I want to much money today. Please don't. It's only Tuesday. It's early in the week. Save the big plugs all over yet. I bet everybody in the brothers bidding on the NIT. That's probably takes a lot of heavy betting. I don't think so. But tomorrow I'm doing my annual NCAA preview show. Yeah, I heard a promo for that. And we got about 14 guys coming on for people who have office pools and whatnot. Just for great. Do you know how to start and come and I'm doing? Not. Good. I don't know. I like the door door. Stop it. Oh no. I would be great. Oh no. I would be great. Yeah. You see, get them off. Yeah, I do. Maybe. Bye. I'm the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Bye, bye, dolphin. Bye, by ball the. I guess we're finally with a win all together. All right. Rocks Mark's this piece wins. The life you would see. Ball hitting win. Miami has the softest there. The worst football team. The students. They flopped the ball. And goal goal. Like the ones ever seen here. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say Miami, you're talking to a little focus. They're the Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teams in the week? They're not good. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. They'll bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. Their coaches are to tell them to spend their their jacks. Then they would run much faster. And even in this week. Clap when we go to the stadium. We'll see Miami. And there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Number. How many teams in the week? They're two. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're two. They're three. They're all these two. They're all these two. They're small and quite vintage. I wonder how Joe Abi's got to be so bad. And rich and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Some ver how many jeans do they leave? No, he's still! My amy dolphin! My amy dolphins! I hear the crowd begin to boo! I hear the crowd begin to boo! The dolphins have faith-feet worth that quarter, Facts at you! Run down the field and he will fall apart Over you! I'll never win a super bowl you should be surprised When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised And there the biannid dolphin! My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins number! I teach him to know he's a- Hey, Cher! My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins! She calls his signals in Hebrew! But dolphins have no deep sense And their offensive are jokes Like George Bush heave in pretzels You know they're gonna choke her I tell always this stuff point to you And they're in a playoff race With fewer points than podcasts on my singles of three days And they're the- My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins number! I want the help 32! My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins! My amy dolphins! Now they're free! I'm tired of it here! Please, great to see you, boy! 10-06-05-60, WQN, happy Tuesday, too! Before we talk about that dolphin thing which is official today We all knew about it and I told him that a long time ago Yeah, my amy dolphins! But the big story of the week is a fact boy He's still alive! And we talked yesterday about the fact that they brought in all those Crispy-Queen donuts that were like boxes and boxes and boxes And Josh Cordus played the 10-8-10 out of the 12-1 box Which I why he's not here today Place his injury duty again That'll teach you to vote smart ass sugar shock But that boy, we have it on very good authority From no less than the Carmelita or whatever name is Hi, how are you? Step 4-8-3 boxes of a Crispy-Queen donuts yesterday Counting that sounds like 36-me Does the term death wish Start rolling around in your mind? Rolling! Hi, how are you? Yeah, rolling around on the floor How can anybody? I mean, I love Crispy-Queen, I can't eat less than 3 I might maybe could eat 5 or 6 on a really desperate day Like yesterday, I would have probably eaten 5 or 6 With all that aggravation that was squested by our operations manager And program director and our corporate legal, corporate legal, Joyce But other than that, there has to be something desperately wrong For anybody to eat like 3 boxes of Crispy-Queen donuts I mean, that's pretty wrong with that And of course, we had the greatest sympathy for that, don't we? No, anyway, radio station Waxy-790 becomes a new home of the dolphins Today, alright! Good, maybe now we can concentrate on selling the meat and potatoes And the bread and butter of this station And we had the same thing at our team, remember those days? Hmm, instead of concentrating on selling the talent Especially when we had the great lineup when Phil was head to set on straight And we had all the good stuff going Instead of that, it was always hurricanes and a duff-hands And they were selling all this super-cellious crap And a post game and a pre-game and a between game and the four-hour pre-game, all the stuff is garbage I was always anything except those of us who run the air Who were supposed to be like the meat and potatoes of the station And don't forget on the program, he decided to like to ten people for all the different this one And that one, you know, oh, absolutely, no question about it That's the net working on all that way But anyway, so by the way, the dolphins man is way in fine It gets even with us, that'll teach us a lesson or two We need to like a whole in the head The team and the station announced a new real partnership Which has been expected for several months now And Joe Rose is morning show this morning On YC790, let me see it again Joe Rose before the announced that was all they had And he's still all they got YC will replace WQOM as the flagship station of the team The flagship station The next step will be choosing the announcers Howard David and Jim managed to the games on QM rights The anxious Jim Sarnie this morning David will not be back I think like that It's a normal mode No, no, no, no, no, no So I guess smoking one, you're not really ripped the dolphin organization and asked And they can go back to tell me how he's really a jet span Which you are, that's your right Okay, I can't wait for that announcement at 2, I'll be blue to the radio Man is his fate is not in resolve, it's in See if they were smart if they had any brains at all the dolphin organization Which I'm sure they don't look what they've done with the franchise But they would keep him around because Mad Dog is like these signature voice of the dolphin broadcast Even though he's only the color analist, but nevertheless He recently signed a five year deal of doing half moon tron QAM And believe me, he's probably having second thoughts like some of the rest of us And as two years left, I was caught directly with the dolphins So if he does the games he gets paid and if he doesn't do the games he gets paid That's the kind of deal I like a lot Name is being mentioned as possible replacements for more and or the Mad Dog John Boug Shambi Former Marlins announcer was a show on 790 The Bougster I don't know where we heard him do football again I have not No, I mean he's great on baseball and maybe he would be real good on I don't know I certainly wouldn't pass the judgment prematurely Bougs good, good play by play guy Although it's a lot different than baseball in football They're never less Jimmy Siffle is former dolphin is now the sports canker in Channel 10 And as a weekend show on 790 I'm sure they must be talking about the color analist for that Certainly not play by play Jimmy Siffle is not a chance And Mark VanderMirner that would be a good choice Former U.N. football announcer who is the worst in Houston Texans, Mark is excellent But why would he leave Houston and outstanding Franchise like that to come to a toilet Dragging team like that often Right right right right I mean Houston, yeah, there there are a new team And they got the good young team and every now and then they Will in a game upset somebody that they all whatever But the dolphins of course are going in the wrong direction We know that I mean any team that signs best for rot is their backup quarterback And then you find out he's not only going to be the backup But challenging for the starting role behind AJ touchy Fili who's already shown us his For pressing and perpetually injured Motor software and us What can I tell you? So that's the deal five by dolphin somehow will survive You know all these things we've survived all this time And I guess somehow we'll do it again Now what did I do with the pull from yesterday here it is If Hillary and condolize her where they can't wait for president in 2008 Who would you vote for? Hillary we had 1751 vote Hillary I leave the country three hundred eighty two condolize Hundred ninety six and I wouldn't vote Hundred thirty nine out of 1751 so Hillary space condolize in his crowd It's like about the same as it was on the on the Sought thing you know on it. But that's our audience And either audience doesn't really bother voting or else they just totally non-represented We have the cream of the crop and the rest of the people out there just we got the cream crop And they got the crap the rest of them But are we speaking of crap we got a little Kim on our beaded curtain today We apologize for feuesley for that. I have no idea why George was compelled to put that on there But because you can't get in pain this oh I see I'm making the famous not all looking all night Great not the only of this for my personal opinion if you don't know a little Kim And we can't butcher you up a little. Even I know that she's not done any official nudity This is unofficial nudity so there's extra choice Anyways this body wash that's what I wanted to be sure mention today Even Josh Cortis who's on jury duty again today. I hope don't let me forget tomorrow The bus is balls about that when it comes back. Okay, even he went out and got some body wash I find that he was not the unmanly thing to do and the is zest I saw spot last night for zest body wash and of course I can't think there other than what's the one it's like Thomas lava nobody Guys love it's like we're trying to take a shower. Oh body wash. I'd use but Zest has made a whole bunch of different flavors of body wash. So if that's the case all you guys out there who are really uptight nervous about that In fact, look at this new pool we're doing hello body washers at the bottom of the sea real men are that insecure Soap is pass a sop is old sop is ancient sop is like a washing with a large, you know, it's smart me man It is it's nasty but body wash it's it's in the bottle. It's in there and you squeeze when it dies you squeeze it out And you should worry in a you stand out of that shower and any wash it off. Remember when Josh said that he got off the shower Probably who still on him. Yeah, I guess he forgot to turn the water on was the problem That boy's got problems But anyway, Zest body what now? What did you tell me he got a divister something something very masculine? Yeah, definitely very insecure that You can't be a person again sitting in his seat today. He definitely would not use body wash. He's the likes to hear on a soap. No, no, he's Cuban. Oh, that must be it Oh, that's right. He's got to prove his much he's motivated the entire world So he definitely still a soap man and likes to drop it down. No, you miss the point. Cubans were all kinds of food fruit fruit stuff and had no problem with that You know you but he doesn't use body wash. We already been through that with him, right? All right. I got a bottle in the mail actually And for example, the old boys. All right. Old spice. Yes. Oh, man That's for old men. Right. 10 14 at 5 60 WQM I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelly and the main man by an out of 7's capital mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company Let the main man tidy what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products and if you're quite a slust an absolutely perfect Absolutely, you're waiting to hear the most famous two letter word in the English language. No, that's the word That's the word. If you're not working with the right lender the chances for getting a fruit are pretty fitty at best So do yourself a favor call now one triple eight four a three loan. That's one triple eight four a three loan. Let the main man in this team put you in a mortgage that meets your needs Avoid going to the wrong lender possibly being turned down because you call the wrong number. Call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage at one triple eight four a three loan That's eight eight eight four a three loan and every time they close alone Forces donated to kids and distress or like all anybody else. What's not the like avoid the bait and switch call Anthony Kelly under the main man today one eight eight four a three loan Well You You You Why So fact well a three boxes that's three dozen crispy cream donuts yesterday in the best part of the deal is he's still alive Is he in the building? He actually shrug today. I spoke toward this morning over the little phone So I guess he's in the building so he's actually back there in sales man. How can he move? How could you possibly even move practice? Here's the uphold today. What's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your car or your house and so far We got to well. Let's take a look at the boats we got. I like putting these up earlier around eight o'clock eightish 190 boats and the reason we don't have more than that vote is because there's a whole lot more choices on it. I'm sure we'll hear from the audience today low up dial 76 but plug 55 0.23 car air freshener 14 now. We're talking about those little um like those little trees little evergreen trees that you hang kind of We're huh. I think that could apply to the crown also the crown the crown. We haven't seen the crown. No, it's popular amongst the brothers. Is it really? Yeah, I would have not that liquid cherry Likewise. Oh anyway car air freshener 15. I mean, that's just my spouse 13 There was Georgia's pick and for quite a while there was only one but then a lot of other guys decided you know or our women I guess but probably mostly guys 13 so that's pretty embarrassing and body washes in last place. Thank the Lord. Thank God for spreading the word only got 10. I don't think I'm ready spread the word. I think everybody in a brother realized that sop is past say and You know when even being soap makers like Zestia and I love Zestia so that's one of the ones I used for years What's not to like? Oh, that's good. I just like safe card But now that Zestia's making body wash even the most Manly men can use it and feel very very safe So that's our choice for that stuff for the pool so far. Bad news from bag dead again We're just very quickly because I know you're burned out just like the city a child was killed at least four people seriously injured today when a suicide bomber detonated vehicle and bag dead the bomber also died in the attack Also US Marine was killed in combat yesterday in Western Iraq's and bar province and yesterday There were five people killed in three different suicide bombings in Baghdad, but I've been mad everything is just as Okidoki is Bob Shefer would say oh, we're fine last night speaking of Bob Shefer I'm done with the CBS TV news. Oh, you people at the CBS bureau on Miami bye-bye Nice, no one yet, and I don't care Mike Walker from the inquire can write all the trash He wants about day and rather I would be don't care. I like day and rather and I don't care what anybody else says I watch Dan rather for years just like I had watched well to cry type for years. I like CBS news period But not no mole Two nights of obchefer in that Okidoki line and his so the Hokie and Okidoki and send her the Okidoki Fanoki swamp That's a good place for him. What a Yahoo man. God Plus a good personal friend of the bush family. So I certainly am not gonna watch him I'm not gonna watch Brian Williams. I didn't be seen because he's a personal buddy of Rush and a regular color on the fan asked Limbaugh Pilpop and show So that leaves me with what you said yesterday and I hate to break the news to you, but that man can barely speak anymore Peter Jennings Yeah, no, but whatever. No, no seriously he he I don't know how old he is but we've actually something about his ages, but he's like about 95 he can barely speak he's like from them to the stories I don't maybe he's got a bad cold or something I don't know what his deal is right now. I think he's putting himself to sleep Does that what it is? Well he's Canadian a but I watched at the last night for about 10 minutes And I thought to myself I've got a real dilemma here now. What do I do at 630? Who do I watch? What's the story? Hit there all day all suck. Yeah, I mean all the news deliverers I will grant you Brian Williams even though he's got that funny nose. It's kind of like out of joint You know it's off of the side kind of like AJ touchy feeling But he certainly by far in a way the most articular I mean Peter Jennings is like a dot ring old fool now I couldn't believe it because I haven't seen him in years and thankfully and she for of course Ok, don't he so no no sir if I had somehow I just can't imagine water crunk I getting a report from some news reporter from Daniel sure Out in the field at an and come back saying oh thanks, Dan Oki doke Can you imagine water saying that or Dan rather even Dan without his rather risen somehow? I can imagine John Cameron's ways you are Douglas Edward saying Oki doke But then again, maybe America likes hokey. We'll see WQAM hello How you doing when is the as good? When does the thing I'll let me turn you down so I'll get interfering signal. Okay. Yes There's a couple things I want to talk you about and there was one thing I want to mention last because it's probably gonna make angry really And I get all my himmy hate first off Barbara Hale was the name of Delas Street at the moment Right, that's the actors who play Delas Street on permission absolutely correct and of course don't forget Raymond Burrow with you Just in case most listening with some Sharia's yes. Yeah big deal. No. I want to make a comment about a signature voice Ken Maldon to me is a signature voice right. I love him Maldon. He's one of the fine people in the world My first came down here back in the 70s that was the first voice I heard and I said It's that's a good time if they got a voice on the air like that of course, then I switched to some other stations and well there you go Yeah, doesn't the CBC on CS TV channel 9 have their own version of the nightly news? You know, so that you could watch that instead of having a I do watch well I got the CBC right here. I got the all different Yeah, you got CBLT channel Is there a band and they did unfortunately and late late April or you may yeah, but the CBC news number one is almost all Canadian oriented which lets face it I'm not talking about Canada and number two. It's very it's it's so dry that you can almost like start gagging You know what I mean? It's about as exciting as listening to someone we chasher right Hi, Georgia The other thing I wanted to get to that this guy make me very angry. Yes. No, no, no. I want to yeah, Jeff. I've seen Jeff high Yeah, and clearly Clearly there's something wrong there Yeah, so what am I gonna be angry about that? No, no, no, no, no I want to ask you isn't a fart I'm getting closer to the joys come and I want to make that's what I know is gonna make you so upset Oh, I see I'm leading up to that. Is it that's good to it? Okay, isn't a fart just a rectal belt? Yeah, all right, so what's that gonna make me angry about? Well, I'll cut to the chase this morning when you were doing the changeover with hang Something was said that was I think about Mo and you guys got that's that's number one There's two you guys got dumped because the middle of the door he came in and you guys were both laughing and I could tell it was clipped Well, who dumped that? I don't know. I don't what did you say something about Mo? No, I was talking about Dick Stockton and Hank he fell into a AI he stumbled on his toe on that But anyway, yeah, no, there was somebody else that was mentioned and You see what I mean, you didn't hear Dick Stockton's name. I don't think I heard the next then I would be what got dumped Okay, I have a ID who dumped it though. That would be interesting to find out the other interesting thing was at 10 21 You were down for about 15 seconds. Now you were not off the air. Yeah, there was a solid carrier But there was no sound and you were going down the stuff over the pole so I don't know what was oh Okay, well, that's part for the course. I'm angry about that Listen as long as I get paid. I don't care about that. Have a great day, pal. See you pal. See you. How did you find? 27 at 10 boy that guy. He must keep a log at 10 21 you did this in 957 now Who would have dumped that on I guess his board up huh? I guess or it was an accident no What would he do was an accident but nobody got hurt right? Oh God Yo There's a series that tried to be real and had a couple of square words and Dennis Rams was team with David Co. Bruce O'Jimmy Smith, Rick Schroeder, then Mark Paul Gassler and then one show We saw his big naked but accident was scary and everyone threw up and turned the channel What the show stayed on for 12 years even though nobody watched it It's you and And what baby And what baby No for all for why they go to Atlanta. That's quite a shopping and I have this fast that you just sent to me I want Miguel to do something right now realize it's a little bit too much like work I want you to get up and walk out of the hallway I want you to look at the other studio Where anybody would be monitoring dump buttons would be sitting right now and I want you to do a comeback and give us a report What's going on? They're not doing anything over there. You're positive of that be sitting here. Yes positive you sure that because I would want to think that anybody a QM would lie to me Because that would be very much sure I'm sure they'd Greg wouldn't approve of that recording something in there. Yes. Oh, that's why they're why? In other words in switching around or whatever they needed to do they must have noticed this offer a few seconds But and the only reason I was a little bit suspect there is because there are some things on a poll today Which aren't even close to FCC guidelines. I mean buck plug is just to device you know What you do with it. That's an other sure. You're a little bit easy edit But we can still say that well anyway Rick facts and says they do need to again when you're reading the results of the poll The first half of the poll was dumped out me had 20 seconds of silence So in other words somebody we had a technical Although I am wondering who's the one who dumped what I said there because that was very funny there at the end And there was really nothing wrong with it. You didn't know what I'm talking about. I don't know you didn't hear it either No, we heard everything but which part do you mean it was all fine? Well, I was talking about Dick Stockton. We heard it. I'm not gonna repeat it. I was no Well, anyways, is what the F is going on? Are they gonna treat you like Howard Stern and dump you all the time? Well, I have a I'm very good authority from them from all the powers that be not that they would lie Of course, but that that's done. That was a one day a disaster and will not be done again I've already declawed all of our show so much anyway There's really not much left to worry about there ain't nothing to worry about and we'll deal with the other part of it in court Where it should have been dealt with a long time ago? 234 votes on the pool. What's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your car house? That's the pool today if you're missed it here Now I'm not sure that they were talking about the Hillary kind of Lisa pool got the bleeped or what? I don't know but you're telling me that it wasn't a bleep it was like somebody hit the wrong button They're not just offered 20 seconds. That's like the songs more likely Anyway, here's what we got so far embarrassing in your car house and blow up the almighty too 25. Dole R31 car air fresher 17 my spouse 16 or body wash only 10 still only 10 in last place Now I'm sure we can add lots and lots of wonderful things to that my spouse 16, but that's bad WQAM hello. Yeah, Miguel. Yeah, it's 20. Hey, what are you doing? Okay, listen I Stop You're not here. What are you on here? What do you know if I said dog up in a vacuum idiot you pony tail clown Not Miguel What hello what happened to him? Why aren't you speaking to me? I'm speaking to you don't want that why you keep saying hello like there's some kind of a moron What's the killer dog okay kill that damn dog? What kind of a dog is it? It's a nut Well, what's it we've said it was it was abandoned out in the redland area. Oh, well, isn't that cute? You're not talking to Miguel. I mean for crying out. What's wrong with you, man? I thought it like you. I don't know. Give me the amiss here. What were you just telling me? I heard the thick stock and cars driving back I heard the talk about the stock that heard the stock in the name so right I don't know what those other people were saying I air everybody's trying to stir the pot and it is a probably people from 790 other all as swallowing up would pride to get the dolphin They had a horseball team on her station. They're all whipped up into her friends. He's right Yeah, definitely I'm a ghost and I don't matter and I'm a patriot fan so like I said It opens you Okay My dog my dog that is off and saying either. Yeah, good. He's a little irate. Well, I was like you're barking up the wrong tree. Have a great day Woody By the way, the buffalo was the armpit of the universe believe me and like today It's sunny here. They probably got three feet of snow and buffalo with sunny and beautiful here So just I'm definitely definitely but they got great pizza there. Well, I'm real happy for you How are you today? See you when he say good back here my life. Oh, that was good. What the hell was that? Oh, let's go home. That's called man. How can you top that? Nobody started saying hello hello We have a little communication problem here at WQM in case you have a notice folks Let's get some more things for this poll here, huh? The most embarrassing thing you could have in your car or house besides what a great-er's dog WQAM hello. Oh, good deal. Yes, sir. Good morning, are you? I'm great. That's wonderful. You're a comment that I was a 40-thing. I love Richard went out loud and clear No, that's not that's not what it was said. That's not the right. No, I did not what that's a piece Everybody did dump that thing. I just made that up. Okay. We got some trouble makers out there looking to stir the pot Okay, what's the one obscure by the dojo dojo dojo dojo? But I I want to do it Dojo dojo dojo dojo dojo That's it. I'm out of my out of my material. Thanks for the good news. Thank you 560 pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless line seems to me like this audiences obsessed with the big stockton WQAM hello Yes, I want number one super size with coke WQAM hello. Hi, I like to be for the fourth. Yes, sir. Um, I need that clear What? I need to act clear. Okay, I'm actually there aren't too many of us hanging around although we would like to hear a player and This time I'm in a fur love on a track. I had that once upon a time really well now I should have pressed I had a yellow on a day track. Oh, well, that's much better than clear That's what you're even always worth with that well, I had a couple of songs and I had one song I liked okay, and right away I got to pay a week of penalty for that. Oh, your taste in music man is so bad you and I crack I Actually, this is a group called B3 from Germany, and it's a all over the whoo is from Spain I'm sure and it's called I-O I-O I I Yeah, that's what's going on and they can't sing at all, but for a couple of look pretty good So I'm sure that they'd be very big in South Florida, but you don't ever hear it because who the hell would play it so I'm saying nobody would play it That's unfortunate because they would be humongous in South Florida believe you me especially in dead county It would be big huge But and maybe they do play them. I don't know we don't listen to that Hoochie Koochie stuff they play who knows what they're playing. I don't know somebody's listening a lot of them Twenty me four eleven and five sixty we got more Howard David Mad dog at four seven o'clock he had you and South Carolina and IT basketball all man the NIT that's the big time in it Oh, yeah, ADK after the basketball the MSR lineup our award-winning lab and we just continue showing up against all odds here at Q&A And now that we lost the dolphins man how are we gonna how do we continue how are we gonna be able to be up and all man? You know even after all this time after I've told you as in in times some people still think it's just a little PQ or you divide a bed over the phone when you call this number 1 800 mattress the number for dollar matches You'll find out for yourself. They got the most liberal or change policy So there's absolutely nothing to risk that you know that 1 800 mattresses got more repeat customers than anybody else in industry So once you try it out guarantee it. I'll bet your rate peri's life on it. You'll never go back to a short one again And by the way speaking of losing the dolphins. What's right? Pary gonna do now huh? Panthers don't exist. I don't know we don't have the heat I mean he's gonna be mr. Marlon. I guess huh? Anyway, down a mattress will get no nonsense no runner rounds though show room shenanigans Just factory drag prices on the best brands. You know trust and love when you call 1 800 mattress To be calling me company right number one No matter Uno and customer satisfaction they carry all the big names in a business. They got silly sort of King coil Simmons pepper ptk and Stearns and foster Q it now dial a mattress offers no payments or interest till 2006 to so it's an unbeatable combination All the way around call dial a mattress today for all the tails toll free 1 800 mattress yours truly along with mo Jorge Miguel a fat boy and lots of others a QM all satisfied customers of dial a mattress for a long time Call them now or log under their website mattress.com to guarantee yourself the best they'd be ever had for years to come 1 800 m a t t r e s I was you kid oh My friends just come on over to my place because they know the mom and been down to windyxie She'd always have something good for all of us One day my sister found his dog run into the store how did he guess it windyxie nowadays though It's tough ever since windyxie to play a bad grub since in slim pick and frown here Good say mama went belly up to windyxie did it would a killer But everybody still comes over to my place And although the never get mayor We'd always look up something Windyxie man She really tender and she really set me learning career And everybody complained about hair in their food We'll just blame it on windyxie When we the first time I guarantee that 14 before 11 and 5 60 WQM here's a fantasy letter. It says from Greg Reid Formerly the broadcast station of the mommy dolphins WQM from the escrow of Greg Reid General manager to all staff again This is a fantasy letter As you all know by now WQM has lost the rights to broadcast the mommy dolphins this decision should in no way be a reflection the way I have managed this station My daily attention to detail in my open management styles always put a smile in your faces as has my cheerful disposition In lieu of the unforeseen decision of the dolphins organization the following employee should immediately start looking for another job Josh Dero Dufflin-Z Curtis Raymond Gary Sarner Todd Grek Jeff high choice рад for George Corso Howard David If you're Jefts to the loss of revenue compounds affect their jobs are expendable. It's time to trim the fat from WQM The remaining WQM support staff should be on notice that they too could be canned at any moment for example If we lose you am as well in the meantime I wish you all will advise that this very moment securities on a waderscore each of you out of the building as the policy of WQM I am today if you need a reference or recommendation for a new job, it will only be on a case by case basis, and will be issued by myself or a choice from corporate. Therefore I suggest you leave with great significance you need to have a lot of work in this market again. Signed. Greg. That's cute. That's cute. Nothing there's some names left off at at Lisbon, nevertheless. I don't think we're going to get any more stuff for our poll here today, which there ought to be thousands more. What's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your house or car? 280 hoses, oh we got. That's pretty slim. Could we put little? No. Could pull up? A list. Load up 104, buck plug 87, Vilo 36, car air freshener 22, my spouse 18, body wars 12, and the 8th character won. I got a call of an obviously. 172 AM. Hello. The garage of the guy. How are you? Okay. Hey I was thinking I heard the caller with the dog and that maybe think of one for the poll. Yes. I'm a little toy dog where they'd be a little poodle or a little chihuahua. I got the guys over for the game and a little thing won't quit you. Right. That dog is good. I like that. Thanks, pal. Yeah. Some people put those little toy dogs on the back of their back inside the car. We're window at a car all man. The bubble head dog. Ah, G. That is so tacky, so red, Nikki, so sad. First of all, it's also against the law by the way. Is it really? Yes it is. Putting any object in your front window or rear window. In any way, block portion of your view is illegal but nothing went away but it never gets ticketed for that. I never heard of such things. But they have to be QAM hello. Okay, call me back or not. WQAM hello. Yes sir. I don't know if you have been to see the a God squad without the full effect on the chat show last night, divine intervention. That's what the whole thing is. Oh, no question. A lot of man's seeing it and even had to call it a bottom of the screen there to think the power of prayer and now this whole thing come to find out that this Ashley Smith for background, she was a real slime ball. Yeah, well, you know if they didn't bring that up, they did. The nutcase lunatic Bible pumper that killed all the people in the church. But not talking about that story at all. For whatever reason, I guess we know what the reason is. But in this case, we got a wonderful story because she was a slime ball teenager but then she found God and then this guy just this Brian Nichol just happened to wander into her and the apartment and she turned him on to God and they got you. Yeah, it kind of kind of curious that she happened to her and he happened to go to that house and her and that will come out through later. I think he was doing that. He's a divine intervention. That's right. Divine intervention is absolutely correct. And Lord, Lord, the Lord had that road map in his head. The all the other waggle paths are in pre-ferral way. And she was reading this top one number one selling book by this pastor with a flower shirt that gets 80,000 people a week in California. It's just pathetic. It makes me very hard. Thank you. Thank you. Good point. Just like last night, I saw on biography the Abelagosi biography which was great. And just before that, I'm just channel surfing there is nothing on. I got 700 freaking channels on here. There's nothing on it. I watched 7. 7. Not that it's a good show. It's an awful show. Even family was a fabulous show compared to this and family was corny. But I watched it because there's some hot people on there. Definitely a big deal. But anyway, so now you watch that show? Just for her. Did you see it last night? No, I haven't seen it. Okay. So the young daughter, I don't know what her name is, but she's cute. Anyway, she's a cant get a baby. And so she picked out this one kid in school of Victor. He was cute. And anyway, so finally, she makes a deal with a brother who she thinks the brother was a shacked up with something. He's living in the garage or something with his own apartment. And he made it look like he was a spent night with some other chick. So anyway, to make a long story short, she black males him. She won't tell anybody as long as he gets hooked up with Victor. So finally, Victor calls the daddy, which is you know the daddy and that story is a minister. Even though there's all this hanky panky going on and everybody is as horny as can be. And the hormones are raging on that show, but daddy's a minister. Even daddy is horny, too, as a matter of fact. But anyway, so the kid calls up and daddy invites him over to talk about whatever his problems are and the problem is that the parents, the kids parents wanted to go to church and he's never gone. Now in the real world, a real person would have said to the kid, but you know something if you don't believe in his crap and you don't want to go on a no problem, you can still be a good person without going to do. But of course that doesn't happen because on television, even on the WB, that can't pot, isn't that WB or whichever one it is, whichever. And that can't happen. No, inconceivable. Right, you've got to go to church to be and find God in order to be a good person. And finally, and choose the life and all of this other bull crap, you've got to be one of our customers. So as a result, it's all your own go to church and it kisses this young daughter and that's it. On the cheek and bye bye. Well by the way, speaking of kissing on the cheek, the FCC yesterday, we directly complaint to legend that affiliates of the ABC television that we're broadcast in Decent Mathier. Oh, some are high act. Now, what will we wish you in? It's a bit of a few. Now, why does that come to my mind because there was an interview with her last time? She was in 54. Yes. Was Ryan Philippe. Were you saw him? Yes. That was pretty bad movie. It was a good one. Come on. Yes, you're right. Well, of course it was because Steve, what was he got rebellious as they got up? Yeah, he was the founder of the Coppatinge. He was the partner. That was Mike Myers in a movie. Right. It was a horrible movie. And I liked it because Ryan Philippe was right around naked the whole movie and Miguel liked it because some of the high act was in. Yes. That's what I like about hilarious. Huh? And the old lady with hilarious. The old lady was great. And then, of course, the bad part of it is she croaked. Oh, I shouldn't have told him that. Well, of course, that was a true story. I don't know if that's true or not. Is that part true? Do we know? I don't know. I don't know. I was using a few too many pills. That was the problem. Of course, everybody knows what's poppin' something. I'll let her approach everyone to a studio 54. Before is time, I get it. The FCC yesterday rejected complaints, allegedly met affiliates of the ABC television network broadcast and decimacy were last year. Paradeway, Monday night football telecast. The fact that they were even considering this, the fact that there was even a minor sentence about that episode in the case, how far down the food chain America has come. I feel so bad for yous. The segment featured a steamy encounter between Eagles wide receiver-terrell-opsite Terrell Owens and actress Nicola Sheridan from ABC's Desperate Housewives. That's Nicola Sheridan who used to be an outstanding. With Pat Peterson. The commission concluded a memorandum of opinion and ordered that the episode broadcast at 9pm was not sufficiently explicit or graphic to be deemed indecent. During the scene, Owens, who has suited up for the game, is a loan in locker room with Sheridan, who has played only in a towel. The FCC described the scene as follows. After he rebuffed her advances, telling her that the game is about to start and that his team needs him, she drops her towel. The camera shows her from the back nude from the waist up. The viewer can see her body below the waist and he responds, all hell the team is going to win without me, and then she leaves into his arms. The scene concludes with two other characters from this housewives watching a locker room encounter on their TV, who remarked how desperate Sheridan appears and then changed the channel to the game, repeating the traditional money net football and introduction, are you ready for some football, again, McBrack has then commences. Though federal courts at our telecon versus authority to regulate the ering of indesense speech, the first amendment is a critical constitutional limitation that depends that demands that indesensee determinations we proceed cautiously and with appropriate restraint the agency said, all, when's that going to start? Right, we proceed cautiously. The commissioners concluded that the material was not patently offensive and thus, not indesense. The Monday Night Football segment, although sexually suggestive, is not graphic or explicit the order said. Except for a moment when her back is exposed to camera, Sheridan and Owens were fully clothed throughout its end. Although the scene apparently is intended to be titillating, it simply is not graphic or explicit enough to be indesense under our standard. The order was signed by FCC Secretary Marlene H. Durch. Durch. She's sitting out on a porch, in a rock and share. After the segment air, the FCC received many complaints, allowing that it contained indesense material the agency said in the news release. The agency spokeswoman on Monday said that it would not have allowed time to complain to receive. I would think, thought, third man. Tops are your judge. Yeah, probably about two. Despite the FCC decision commissioner Michael J. Cops chasing the network anyway in a separate statement, oh yeah. At a time when recent survey showed that substantial majority of parents are very concerned that children are being exposed to too much inappropriate content, though that I would hope that television broadcasts go the extra mile and exercising self-discipline when airing or promoting programming that may not be appropriate for younger viewers he be saying. There wasn't much self-discipline in this particular promotion. As stewards of the public air waves, broadcasters can and do better, should do better. A spokeswoman for the network said she had no comment. Last week, FCC Chairman Alco and Michael Paul Litt his last commission meeting, he had said he would leave the agency this month, and now's Friday that he'll spend three months as a senior fellow at the ASS Finance Institute, a Washington-based organization who stayed in mission is to foster enlightened leadership and open minded dialogue. Oh boy, what? FCC spokeswoman Janice Lyes said she didn't know who replaced Paul, who feared controversial last year when he led the charge against CBS and it's affiliates for the Jan Jackson Booby flat. ABC of course it owned by Walt Disney, who's got bigger fish to fry. This is the new Roger. Okay. Waterboard. We like to drown with the waterboard. That's what you do when you're not a triad run by a fact that there are any young young folks to make the fifth information of the tagganties and the poor waterboard junk. We are in the file. We rape the T.D.S. in the pyramid pile. That's the torture of all the Americans' style. We rape the T.D.S in the pyramid pile. Everybody is a terrorist and so we must persist to rape within a file. We are in cowboy and his good Christian Hawks. We have no shame about how they make them talk. Even if they have nothing to say, the occupiers always act this way. The great little boy until he's raped, hey they're just letting them off steam. No really Christian cops. With all this freedom that we have to spread. They should be happy that we're making them dead. Jop the metaphors off the Quellot of Eats cops. And write that off the stylus ranks hit the base. The society packs a matter. As mentioned in the JTVS Day below we have so many good news for today, from the National Enquirer My Bible. see that's one thing if uh... right nickels with a broken in my apartment i'd have by the inquiries in here and i would held it up in here and he would like and he would a recorledic uh... back with it speaking of a double ago and that was a good uh... biography that's got a lot of a channel which i'd look at what's on a back page no memory to be for the show how they wrote this glowing article of luck christie allians she lost twenty pounds guess what's on the back page uh... a choir and add for drug big full page add in color cursey alley is fat actress premieres monday march seven on show time that's a uh... add him up how do you like that would have purple offered she's got as fat as a cow and she's even got her finger in her mouth like she's gonna start chewing on that two of that junior credit on a library of quick with that and of course if i had seen she is i can't i just can't repeat it off and not maybe i'm gonna say it every day and show she makes me gag all though fapula with the three dozen donuts i guess put her to shame as there been any denial of that if we had a more feedback so to speak on a i haven't heard it word wow i mean i mean i know that i'll admit yesterday because of the stress of the show yesterday and the kind of emotional cripple behavior of duffling the inclarence daryl uh... put me like way over the edge so i went out to the two uh... dominion and i bought me a box but they sure have obtained one thing in america and i've said this before i've been in supermarkets all around uh... europe and the here nowhere anywhere they got the selection of food that you've got any west which isn't necessarily good because that's why everybody's patting dive but nevertheless as far as taste is concerned for i think but anyways about about box of four score as cano pies remember i thought about those yeah it's it's a small pies with score ice cream and so of course i am uh... one of other firmly small enough to full sizes come up pies and i look i would say two thirds of the size and i am one after the other side by you yeah yeah why no let's press it well i think it's great it's one-eight that's an excellent number man i'm doing fine my weight is one ninety okay but i just i had the need man i had to get that uh... that stuff going in your brain and don't get my serotonin levels up what you laugh at about that i can relate when these people continue dragging you down and i and i don't know what's the matter with miscellens you well i do know and oh show cripple she's got a lot of a lot of issues i i don't want to deal with those people i don't want to talk to them i i told them this i don't know how many times she comes in there again this morning you know because if he doesn't talk to me i guess he's not going to know no reason to put on his resume why he continues being in the building i mean you know and why was it necessary for the two of them to have to come in there together yesterday and you honestly knew deal like i told i i'd were the joint of the hip uh... uh... duff and clearance and currents and duff and Jimmy and Danny well what is it why was it necessary for the two of them like the world was coming to an end strength in numbers was that what it is sure yeah what they need strength in numbers when you got a couple of cowards like that couple of emotional cripples oh gee i got a hang mail Greg oh maddie bell looked to be dirty Greg why what you're up already when you're pleased you pathetic quizlings you and when i come back to town very soon i'm gonna tell you right now i sure is how they want to be involved with those people don't even don't even come around because i won't even look at you just get lost anybody who would do to anybody else i told uffis yesterday and a full i call it and i said i wouldn't do that to my worst enemy if i knew who that was i wouldn't do it to anybody which you people didn't need like four minutes before go on here yesterday like like it was some major crisis like the world was which there was not it's just more the same old crafter and no big deal but all my god like the sky is falling in a world is coming to an end and let me say again i didn't put scoffer rail or how it's during on this radio station go look elsewhere to find your problems okay it's not in our studios so while you're rifling through there on a weekend don't be looking for the solution of that problem now getting back to the story in the inquire did clerk ready to die sources say he's floated home and partially paralyzed all right now this is a guy that we used to like at least most of us used to like him i think hang like them to his matter fact and that would be said this morning okay i don't know nevertheless yeah that's right after repeated but once he was outed by Michael Moore has been the slime ball that he is the exploiter of human suffering that he is and then and then you'll notice very shortly after that god's smote him man he smited him he struck his ass down with a first broken out when that didn't do the job the lord looked down and said hey let's try it again okay practice makes perfect and my opinion that was it music icon did clerk demand held as america's oldest teenager is ready to die say sources for which we can only say sadly according to insiders the once vital radio and tv legend remains partially paralyzed and barely able to speak after suffering two strokes in early December 2004 now 75 park has been in seclusion since returning to his metabolic home after seven week hospital stay in and side of the series living on borrowed time did clerk as america knows him no longer exists a source closely beloved entertainment revealed the strokes he suffered were extremely serious not just serious but extremely serious although it's nearly impossible to get any concrete details out of the family it's good that he's not well enough to leave the house or function on his own while initially he couldn't speak dick and i speak on a limited basis as in like that but he still struggles to talk and he's partially paralyzed and spends too much of his time in bed another clerk camp in side or added i think dick is completely demoralized he's doing rehab in his house or be able to his heart just as nim it entertaining people was his reason for living i thought it was making money was his reason for living making huge chunks of it dick would rather go out now with the public remembering him is being the great impresario who looked and acted decades younger than he was and they got a recent picture of me here now and believe me he's making up for last time ironically clerk's worst nightmare was that he'd spend his final days debilitated and unable to work the excretis fear especially since he was diagnosed with type two diabetes a decade ago was that he'd be incapacitated by either a heart attack or strokes of the source he knew the diabetes sufferers are high risk candidates for stroke and heart attack early just prior to these stroke classes dick said that he hoped he died while he was still vital he build up an image of never ending you fullness always thought obligated live up to the image and he never wanted to be a burden on his family especially his wife carry right now the excite consists of physical therapy sessions that is malibu home and not much else the family's purpose that been tried to pay the picture that he's fine he's just fine and only suffered a minor said back but I don't think dick is coming out of this when contact I did buy the inquiry clerk's long-time publicist Paul Sherford insist Clark is fine and the neither these experienced any depression or stressed the will to die but a neighbor in front of the american bansan host added poor dick is a shell of his former self the strokes have ravaged his entire body it seems like his wife and three children are keeping a tight little as condition because they want people remember who as he was not as he is now they're hoping against hope that a mic a miraculous recovery but one top TV executive told me next outlook isn't good there isn't a lot more doctors can do for him meanwhile his daughter Cindy's running the Clark productions which produces new years rock and even american dreams golden global words mercamies a great idea how do you like that there's some good news for you for those of us who find him we're posting a disgusting any grave robber how do you like that WQ is not there QAM hello all right WQAM hello QAM see I was reading too long ago or should probably interrupt and said boy you're reading too much okay I got a lot more what do you like it or not we don't really care we don't care what you think smart ass WQAM hello WQAM hello hey darling yeah I you don't want today okay I got one for your Paul yes good I thought an autograph picture of don't come all down at that yeah that's cute well I got another one how about take your old magazine all right no it would be in versey for both of these guys since we have like 99% of me a lot of his take your old magazine get it on there I thought this was a good boy I thought this was a good boy it is a good guy and you thought it was a good boy but yeah well you know that's why we know we know we know man just just like that first call you know he was right when he talked about being just a sour a sour photo piece of crap who we just wanted to do a stir-bush negative and stir the pot again and pick up a real stuff yesterday not interested well I got something legitimate to get psychotic about like yesterday I'll do it but I'm not I'm not gonna like you when you snap your fingers gets psychotic on demand okay sorry WQAM hello yeah Aeneo looks like they gave it to your good yesterday but you're gonna both do think that thank God God one for you a two-pay no fast mobile okay good one thank you that two-pay would be good the old muskran double double double rambal WQAM hello QAM hey how are you today good yeah I am hey listen I you know I'm wondering why we have been able to find a lot if you think we're still looking forward we just over there they're rich if change he's probably haven't dinner with the Asati real family right now okay with the bond vandal bush and a whole love a guy's a mishbacha well where did that come from well well that's at all bad huh I don't know like a summer yamama that's my comment to that 12 minutes after I'm speaking of finding a bad hairpiece in somebody's house uh here's the deal Chuck Alphiari would like to avoid you the embarrassment of putting a dead mouse on your head or muskrat or any of those other horrible looking things they all look the same well not the same it's just a matter of degree some of them are embarrassing some of them are humiliating and some of them are totally degrading because they all look silly but Charlie's got his new skin like hair system that is 100% undetectable that's right let me say it again a hundred percent un-detectable it's the natural hairline system that's a best look and peace anywhere in the world and the reason it does look like one of those mousey looking things is because it looks like the real hair like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed to a barnard animal infested your head try Charlie's just in produced thirty days last thirty minutes and after a month if you know love the way looks and feels and smells if you're not given caught at and caught at and just to grab that return it for a full refund so you have nothing to lose but that ugly ball spot that makes you look pretty sad and a lot older too call Charlie today tool for you 1-800-321-2413 and tell me out theory folks you're hit about it here on the near wider show to get your special $200 discount off the regular $800 price of Charlie's natural hairline system don't forget to seek into a great her system is make sure that nobody can tell you where and what so if you want something it looks great like real hair this is the only way to go call Charlie today tool for you 1-800-321-2413 and it's 1-800-321-2413 around the web it's Charles Alphayeri.com your things are real rangers for us all the classic things you need and I've been given it some thoughts see I'm waiting for this I know that me a new to the do much better go with six to dead and not invite a gentile in the cranky tool I think we might be happy to get there I can't do it again I love your mind you know I have your wee wee bed you can strap on to time no chance I'll always show it to I grab a dive with you grab me and just uh why how have you know that I'm a big buggy tool for Brooklyn high I've been with you I am really funny but you're not high time me and all this crap would blow no way that if we had a fight that you would survive would want to hear a genetile and push it like that's crap made a genetile I'm so with you with me is much better since the 10 not five it's only right that I should get more sleep at night I think we might be happy to get there 119 team at five 16.2 and we got here in the 60 most but evidently chip he was probably the first call of this morning chip when you think okay what are you eating now now we're donuts those I sell it from public oh a salad from public last night I bet your old friend Marshallow would be happy remember the shallard guy what about his salad Marshallow would have shallars while we have no treatment long time but see I don't forget anyway chip vaccines says very sad this is pathetic I don't give a crap what anybody says I talked about doing this pull the last Friday I told you I was going to do it this week I'll see anything wrong with this he says Neil what kind of what the hell kind of pull is this today why not just ask what flavor very animated use today who's responsible for this Schmidt God blanked you I say hello says well guess what I'm responsible for this my the if you don't like a chip blow out your behind I'd be like that you're big fat the last yes we're strawberry by the way yeah strawberry and I like a poisonberry myself what are you going to do this is what you get from Florida that's like a very first call or this morning yeah you're going to be the next set I'm not not police but burn in by the way who doesn't understand that build over the vibrator of the same thing what's wrong with burn one vibrator what is that but I mean we regard the semi and let's not get it to deeply into that okay but he also says preparation age I guess even though there are many of us who would have preparation out because life is happening the event right but I guess preparation age would be fine since we're not getting a whole lot of additions of this pool and maybe that's because it's such a terrible pool it must be joyous as I did banging according to chip when you grow up already and cut the crap Jesus line nine you know this is going to be great you I am hello hey there there's going to be great how we going all right I'm just want to say congratulations for Q&A because the top and organization grows and we can rip them and ask without any repercussions for the management of the top and organization absolutely correct right and this is a lot I mean that's the answer I'm going to use to be a dolphin fan so that's a lot that's a lot not a lot and the best point is you should know that people are on clear channel jumping up and down just so you know who cares about the dolphins wait a minute what is personal after do with it oh what's there on 790 like so it shows you like all those eight holes on Q&A and then all like you know if I do on a dance on your funeral yeah and I'm like here oh what what shows with those be sir what shows are we talking about we can name names on his station of the priest yeah the old jackass Ron and Paul who cares about that and then a joke there this is a guy that was desperate to get on his radio station couldn't get hired and it would be in a bag of money with him give me a break Ron and Paul dancing on our grave that'll be the day guess what Ron we still don't want to hear how do you like that or Paul we're still one of your Paul Castro I see I can't even separate him anymore old Paul ain't you're Ron Castro and overman we had remember the the dolphins he calls the p.d. Lenny calls and I have calls up here from p.d. Lenny oh what do you think that was what that was when we were going through our 85,000 changes in a morning which is not all that long ago those calls that never actually took place right because they didn't eyes and he never wanted on the show you're full of a man you hate clear channel like like plays and why did you at least for once in your life tell the truth you lying sack a crap mr. rip off artist but anyway who cares is if the dolphin's your worst success came from right first of all it's been years since it often said a number's on Sunday because number one they forced you to carry on your FM and number two because every game is televised and number three another on X-am or serious who's got it Miguel X-am X-am's got all the NFL games on here so so there's there's nothing there except they have a lot of work and you struggle to try to make your money back and it's basically a lost leader so who needs him pack of a salami sandwich the dolphins the four and twelve dolphins she male porno is okay that's a sign fine she male porno sure somebody facts in embarrassing oh here's a pulse and just in okay it says by the way have you heard the midday show on 790 with OGM McDuffie how would I hear that if I wanted to oh my god sounds like Michael Irvin on a bad day what an abomination oh yeah that's that stiff competition up against there on 790 the ticket they got the ticket they were in a dream world they're fantasizing they're hallucinating they're in la la land we got Joe Rose and now we got the four and twelve dolphins okay like I said all you got is your rose and never gonna not Joe Joe is we like him he's a great guy he's good on the years got a good following that's what they got period not one of these guys are gonna start knocking in just because he went across his three in fact quite frankly I say more power to him I say cool those to Joe oh I call he was he was treated not just once but twice so badly on his radio station and that you can't even begin to imagine the way he was treated which is probably why his sponsors don't want anything to do with this station I can't I give second talk thought about the other day and now I realize what that's all about all the lies he was told in the meetings that didn't materialize and he was just being as strong along while they were making the deal to get stern on here in a meantime and that's you're talking about the stern experiment here's another thing that just finally culminates today another thing that blew up right in Greg Reid's face then corporate okay and that is biobit of the dolphins and they can make up all the stories in the world about well and like I just said it's true as far as the numbers are concerned but from a prestige standpoint let's face it everything else in sports in his town is like you know way way behind the dolphins are the man at the football is head and shoulders above any of the sports not just in this market but all markets so they can thank the stern decision again for saying biobit of the dolphins because that's what put the nail in the coffin if you recall those ugly days yep nice going and of course his stern salon here was it a what a disaster what an absolute and I tried to tell him I don't want to keep repeating this every day but nobody will listen old Neil he's only been in the market a hundred years he's only been around the block with he's made the exa hundred years oh brother oh I saw him right he's not what was the expression he was the very jackass kept writing he was intrigued he was intrigued by the idea putting stern he's intrigued well how intrigued are you in us we'd art how about you're really intrigued now that you're a paper tiger now he's got a check with joist every couple hours to see which Andy can wipe with that that's the kind of boss he is now straw boss see we used to think that the deaf interference with the on the distraught bosses they're the straw under boss now give it huh I'm sorry that's the picking order that's the picking order give it straight tough I don't want to see those people I mean what they did to me and he and he comes in this morning I I almost fall off this chair when I heard that voice at least give it a couple of days rest like my cool down after the crap that you pulled on he's got to come right back oh we're not going to be we're not going to be a modern reader doing any dope yeah like as if I don't know if I know that why do you think I'm here this morning mr. psycho uh mr. basket case BC people think BC stands for before Christ it stands for basket case month Lindsey the bluff myster god 27 after 11 at five sixty wqm don't forget your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs and schmutz and grime and all kinds of bad stuff in there so do yourself a favor like I've been doing for over 20 years in a variety of homes in south Florida and call the best people in the universe dry concepts they will really sanitize your home not just your carpeting but also your furniture your poultry your drapery your area rugs those expensive oriental rugs they do a fantastic job of dry cleaning which nobody also in the world does which leaves them looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new and of course because dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique your carpets are dry just an hour and a half after they finish the job so you really can like they always say clean today and entertain the night and no refox your scans when you call these folks which is a variety in the carpeting business because they give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing their fantastic job believe me it'd be the biggest favorite I can do for if I get you to call them one time you never dreamy using anybody else and date routed upon beaches called dry concepts toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 run line at strideconcepts.com that's dry concepts making carpets clean in south Florida since 1979 your the season you need will be a Roger exclusively on 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 Tupi Ruptains No it's terrible, full even chipset. So it must be Joyce's fault, or anything? That's Joyce, why don't we get it about Joyce? What's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your car? How is somebody's got another good one? A picture of George W. Bush, I think that's they're going to get a lot of votes. Low up dial 142, but plug 119, bill low 52, my spouse 22, car air freshener 22, someone at liquid cherry would be good, body wash 18, 8 track player 4, toy dog 3, she may have porn to, toopy is got to, play girl magazine one and prep-aids don't have any. Everybody's got prep-aids, you have me life as a pin in the, ask, right? I don't, I don't, I don't have me. I don't have me. Who's a concecos, say you had it, right? What about, tucks? What about what? Tucks? Yeah, what about a medicated? I know what they are. They're medicated, pad. What was that being embarrassing? I mean, if you had Royce. So then what about, then why would tuss me embarrassing? That's what I'm saying. OK. Judge says California can't fake a band a game area day. A judge who had yesterday that California's band on game areas is unconstitutional, a legal milestone that if I held on a appeal, we're open the way for most popular state to follow Massachusetts and line same-sex couples to wait, and Ontario and British Columbia, and Quebec. To a Richard Cramer of San Francisco County's trial level superior court, like in the band, the laws requiring racial segregation in schools, and said there appears to be no rational purpose for denying merge to gay couples. The ruling came in response to lawsuits found by the city of San Francisco, and it doesn't get couples a year ago after the California Supreme Court held it a four week same-sex marriage free, started by Mayor Gavin Newsom. The opinion had been eagerly awaited because of San Francisco's historical and historical role as a gay rights battleground. Gay marriage supporters, how the ruling is a historic development of Kennedy, 1948 states Supreme Court decision that made California the first state to legalize interracial marriage. Today's ruling is an important step to the more fair and just California that reges discrimination in a firm's family values for all California families, San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said. Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, and a part of the concurring between the course of the opponents they're going to appeal now. What are they doing to why? Sureness did be filing the institution of marriage. Yeah. Take a look at that poll today. Nice spouse, 22 votes. Here's a facts from Bobby. This is my vote for the poll. I'll poll it be pictures of my favorite actress, Roup Hall. I want to be just like her when I grow up. And look at the address on the top of this file. It's how he criminal split. I guess they probably worked on Bobby on the inside. Kind of turned him around a little bit if he catch my dress. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, just like Brian Nichols turned Ashley Smith around. Or was it the other way around? I'm not really sure. Rounded round. Yeah, round and round they went like Perry coma. He's still dead by the way. That's a good move. First Perry coma and then Dick Clark. W2AM, hello. W2AM, hello. How you doing, pal? Okay, pal. I got one for your phone. This is the mad delivery driver. I got one for your phone. Yes, sir. Condoms, mate. Oh, yeah. That's really embarrassing. Ah. Ah. Church-pice-divinci code novel. And see Miguel doesn't like my reading these stories. Here you're a clown. Dr. Seva. Yeah. Well, I mean, it keeps taking calls like that. Oh, that's pretty embarrassing finding condoms in your house. Oh, what would the neighbors say? Probably be doing something in there. Oh, brother. WQAM, hello. Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering if any comments little old news now, but on Rowan's setups are leaving self-floor to market. Any comments on it like what? Because the man that guy was so cool, man Rowan's set him. Oh, yeah. And on the lap. We started crying in his last broadcast. No, he didn't get any. The groom, Julie Yarbos, I go, we're going to miss you. Yeah. And he was thinking about it. Hacken was sandwiched, maybe. Small potatoes. Rolling stadiums even south Florida. Well, that's big, heavy news, man. Oh, I said, a little hick town. A bunch of hick towns just spread out in that south Florida. There is no city. There is no court. There is no focus. There's no focus. There's no focus. There's just a bunch of little bedroom towns. All interconnected. One over here, there's candle and here's sweet water. And here's the ranger and here's lemon city. And here's sweet water. And here's what I hope a lot of. And here's a yaki yaka. Liberty city, whatever you got. And plantation and sunrise and sunset. And sunrise lakes. And all the other Hollywood. And just a bunch of bedroom towns. Talk about Perofiol, man. Get cereal. Jesus. I'm going to get cereal. I'm telling you that right now. By hook about cook. I'm going to start spreading. Just like an eagle. I'm going to spread my wings. I, you'll see. Wings, right? W. W. Michael Jackson's other beloved. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. T. W. W. W. W. We're really spreading out. He's going to be in a lot of big taxes, I think it is. I read on the Internet this morning. They're in Austin now, and then they're going to be in Midland, Texas, or a lot of those big markets there. He's spreading his wings. He's just really loves the challenge of radio broadcasting. And then in 2008, he's going to go to Minnesota and run for office. Yeah. And you wonder why the Democrats could win a free selection? You notice the elections are first in the keep losing them. 400 votes even on a poll. That's pretty weak. We had over 1,000 yesterday. See how the media fallen? That's because we had a major psychotic episode. Yeah. I need this poll. I need this poll. And this poll is so bad. My god, like Chip said, holy cow, what do we come do now? That gosh dang a joys, a curse. Right. There's nothing wrong with this poll. And by the way, the poll about what's leaving her berium. And I'm going to be tomorrow's matter,<|el|>. See, I want to chime in on that. And this is the day call. On it is the legal for the head of the rules. Wait till games I have a much merry flow. On the Sunday will not decay. Say I do and then there's no escape. Two years later you're in the forest court. That your suitcase had to log in there, port. No! No! No! You'll fight! All night, goodbye single Mars. No, belly card. Now you're so far away the last. One wedding ring and half things change. Say goodbye to a little strange. And ring morning in the same old bed. You see those same face of who you were dead. That's gonna practice and cool the EPA. Can escape from justice you again. Can't fall into this more cause, trust us. You'll wish you were, run down by a great home bus. You are the one! The one who will kill you! Call us your lane, my sister's grave. Goodbye single Mars. How family cards now you don't know where the last time. 146 14th of June. We got more Howard David and we got more of the offensive that often is it too. Mad dog is four. Who may or may not be on the games. That's just as making any sense to me. Why? I don't understand. They've known they're gonna carry the games for a long time. It's a middle of March. Why don't they get off the pot already? What is that all about? Here's some exciting news. The bottom of my tentia. Liberal talk radio coming to San Antonio. Are you ready for that? Okay. The cities first ever FM talk radio station will also be the first to be programmed with progressive talk officials of ClearChannel communication on today. KRPT will sign on here Thursday morning 8am. Wait till you're some of the people are gonna have on Jerry Springer. Ooh. Veteran local tacos, Ron Aaron. Phil Henry, Liberal. Okay. Oh yeah. And Lionel. Edge Shows. A talk host of this scribe is energetic and opinionate. That's the same actual sits when FM news are used to be great INZ. Yeah. Great. Wow. The better setting. Well, in San Antonio, Texas and KHDY's sister station will continue to offer urban adult contemporary hits and time joiner on weekday mornings. The hardest work of man in the business. With Fly Duck. The Fly Duck. Keep you flying. How do you like that? The Fed. 418 votes on a poll speaking to President against a bad poll. We apologize to Chip. He's really a bad out of shape about it. Probably will not never listen to the show again. Okay. Thanks a lot, Joyce, for chasing our audience away. You nasty miserable, hateful, sal. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hi, the only guy I want for your poll. I have a ground to him. You're really talking to a sock. Come in to QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How you doing? Okay. You post a very interesting scenario a couple days ago that nobody really commented on it. And that was what was George Bush and Bandar Bush talking about on the day. Now, would you really like to be a fly on the band and the banister or what on the balcony when I was going on? Well, you know, I guess I would. And I can imagine that it's not impossible. George Bush said the bandar was job well done. You know, after having and that's why why you sat there for seven minutes. Knowing what was going to happen to the World Trade Center and thinking to him. And thinking to himself, they actually did it. What am I going to say now? Uh-huh. Because I don't think it's impossible to go to the point how to handle it. I don't think it's inconceivable either, but of course, I'm as you very on American on patriotic and a communist to say that. Well, it sounds so Florida. Well, see, after Vietnam, I discovered there is nothing the government will not say or do no matter how reputable. They're like our management. They're whole, a modest apparatus to lies, much as they possibly can. And now they have to help them to made your mass media, so they can do whatever they want. And they also have to help them to actually say. Right. So basically, you know, thought controls the way to go. Well, who step right across that border, Pali, will be there to welcome it with open arms. Have a great day. Good luck to you. Steve Factson says the most embarrassing thing you can find anybody's home is a back street boy CD. Shame on you, Steve. By the way, Steve says the word embarrassing is miscold on your full. It'll blame me and George because neither one of us does not. I asked you, remember? Yep. And very rare for me to ask because spelling it, math and spelling is by two strong suits. Anything else I know nothing, like music, movies and or nothing. Two are and I'm, huh? It looks right. I guess it's two are. Two areigen two ss. And Pate, this facts from cut of cod, a Hollywood, he at least spells it right. He says the most embarrassing thing in my house is an FM radio. I don't think we're going to put that on there because obviously we're just coming around this now we're coming from targets kind of like a reach of stretch went and down stretch it up. So Steve says a back street boy CD. Okay, put that on there we'll get some votes. Even though George said they had some good tunes. Everyone the one I was fired up. You got that. I'm sure that John the cut that I want to go CDs for. I'm around here somewhere. How long the funk MCs from Finland live your life? Well, it is old but that's the road. I got that. They did some good stuff. Of course if you've seen the videos you'd like them a lot more but you won't see the videos. Cause the American television doesn't play videos. By the way, don't say that name anymore. We can't bomb funk MC. I'll say that's their name. That's the name of the group. Okay, there's nothing wrong with it. I'm going to say any, I'm going to tell you what right now. That's one of the things I'm going to work on in the days to come is since Joyce is now learning on the job and consulting other Miami attorneys in terms of a approach to her regulation of this radio station and broadcast Law, etc. And try to learn as she goes which is really learning very slowly by the way honey. We're going to try to roll it back. You know, roll it back some of this extraneous garbage that she's inflicted on us and these restrictions that have absolutely nothing there are so far above and beyond the FCC regulations that it's not even close. It's not even a contest. Okay, they're not above and beyond. They're beneath and below. I don't know. Whatever the hell they are. That's got to stop. I mean, as it is, the FCC is already restricted to an unbelievable degree and almost a totally unacceptable degree. And now this bitch comes in here and not know what a radio from a pop up poster and she's going to start making it up as she goes along. The fact that she's got to be talking to other people just like this business she fully yesterday. I'm overreacting like a crazy person. And then she had to talk to some other people who's about, you know, you really, you're out of control and you got to back off and then don't overreact your, you know, all loony tunes. And of course, they have so disemboweled our general manager that if you say, hey, what time it is, his responses, I guess I'll have to ask corporate legal for an answer to that question. Corporate legal. Code for choice. It's like the olden days in and we never encountered this that I would do and I've never encountered it anywhere. But in the first couple of years at this radio station, this Bob or Mooth clown who's the former chief engineer who's a real slime ball. He's a lot of came to Amsterdam and spent a whole weekend there and did nothing and I said, let's let the disaster behind and just vanished one day. Anyway, every time he would come into building, since he's the corporate chief engineer, certain people I don't want to mention, Bluffer example is an nervous belly to begin the corporate's inability. Corporate's inability. Corporate's inability. That's, if anybody ever saw Bob or Mooth, I'd seen better things than the bottom of a dumpster than Bob or Mooth. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Well, God, golly Miss Molly. He makes the homeless people look classy. Corporate's inability. Then, and that's the way the whole operation runs, baby. They're all scared to be each other's shadow. They're terrified. They're going to be the next one thrown under the bus. And of course, believe you, me. Better get a big bus out there. Okay, get a great hand and a trailways. Get a whole fleet of them. Get a bunch of fleet enemies and a fleet of buses. And put them out there on 441. Because we've got a lot of people out there to be thrown under the bus. A lot of nervous nellies. Oh, corporate's inability. Remember that? I'd remember it. But like what are we supposed to do? Go into a break into a cold sweat. Go into a state of panic because somebody from Naples, Florida's into building. Who's one of the measly flunkies? Give me a break already. Grow up already. Grow up there. Grow up there, Duff. Man, I've don't ever come anywhere around me again. And start whispering in my ear. Whispering in my gell zero. Okay, we've got a shot, but I doubt it. Nobody. Josh Curtis already turned him down. Church fights to Da Vinci code novel. The Roman Catholic Church in Italy has spoken out against what it says. Our shameful and unfounded lies in the best selling code novel. The Da Vinci code, which means it's all about to be true. Cardinal Tarsisiobertoni. Tarsisiobertoni. Tarsisiobertoni. Tarsisiobertoni. Archbishop of Genoa. Broke the Church as official silence on the kind of worship work. See, I like it's heading towards even the light. Don't know what a lot of me even means. See, is this something? I don't know. I love that language. You know, I can't speak it. It's story about the Church of Pres. In the truth that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene has given us many fans. I think it was with Mary Madeline. Don't you? Mary Madeline. And that is the Jesus Cardinal's wife. That was a great idea. That was a public influcky. That's right. We're not job. That's a Cardinal spokesman who died reports that the Church of the Church was asked by the Vatican to hit back at the book. They hit us. We hit him back. Carlo Arca Arca Lao told the BBC News website that had had been the Cardinal's own decision to make a public statement about the book. Mr. Arca Lao confirmed that the Cardinal told him to tag a newspaper. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. It astonishingly is an important thing. The church is supposed to cover it up along with the female rural and Christianity. Brown has previously said, all of the art architecture, secret ritual, secret societies, all that is historical fact. How do you like that? How do you like dengue and apples? Tomorrow, Cardinal Bertoni will host a seminar called Story Asim's History. I started without history to read but the claim. He's going to read but it. He said he wanted to unmask the lies. Or we just could see how shameful and father the book was. The Cardinal has been deputy to Cardinal Joseph Ratsinger. The man known as the Pope's enforcer and a possible successor to the pond. I wonder how many buttonmen Americans got on the street? Anary Blod. I heard a man who wants to take the evil Roger. I'm 5.6. And I'm... Deliana, Rushladen. And I like scrubbing my smelly girl, I ask with so many from jewels. And listening through the mirror, I'm gonna need to hour. Take a hand. The Pope's Mods Down. The Pope's Mods Down. God, David, let rise to the Pope's Mods Down. He lets us look in the ass. The Pope's Mods Down. He's a human and a man of Mods Down. The Pope's Mods Down. The Pope's Mods Down. Oh yeah. The Pope's Mods Down. Oh yeah. The Pope's Mods Down. God, I am the killin' Take the fire back. When the Lord gets thrown on bread, Jesus brings us back. Jesus might as so bear, He never shall have a job. But, in the Lord, He's going alone, He's in church church, The Pope's Mods Down. He's going to do him the grass. The Pope's Mods Down. He likes his fucking man. The Pope's Mods Down. He's a creepy hazard. The Pope's Mods Down. God, I am the escapping stone. The Pope as hell. The Pope's Mods Down. The Pope's Mods Down. O Lord, God, I am the trails. The Pope's Mods Down. It's haven't turned, the Pope's Mods Down. Drugs, He thougel- One, Two, Down, And that's the Pope's Mods Down. He's poison killed in the silka This is he has a right right right like the infy One, And then I'm on the call from staffstream. The Pope's Mods Down. Give him a glass, and top all his mouth is gone Do you like this for your man? Top all his mouth is gone Do you wish me hand down? Top all his mouth is gone Top all his mouth is gone Top all his mouth is gone Top all his mouth is gone You're put with tearing high air I'm just put with tearing high air and become whiffing higher from high air What's going on? To put in tears They bought all his mouth some Love them about gold They bought all his mouth of a cloud I'm not in LA, but yeah, the post actually moves, I don't like that. What the fuck is he reminds me of? Who's like somebody who you over the head would have baseball bat and you're like, like your skull was cracked open and a blood was pouring all over the floor and then he said, I said, gee, I'm really sorry I did that. You know what I mean? Okay, that's him. Are you hurt? He survived two days in a concrete hole after falling off a bridge at the port of my mean now David S. Ike S. Ikebia, S. Ikebia is out of the hospital I'm talking about how he survived off dirty water and pigeon blood. Well, I thought after his first pigeon was going to say something worse than the fucking blood. How did he get that pigeon blood? Less than two weeks ago, S. Ikebia fell 40 feet off a bridge in Miami, channel six reported last two days, but it shouldn't get around with this. He was released from Jackson Memorial Hospital yesterday and is Dr. S. Ikebia said if it wasn't for his mental strength and ingenuity, he may not have survived at all. I don't know how I did it. He said, all I know what they're doing those days I was down there, I refused to die, I refused to give up. Just like I said, I'm a WQA, and that's it, David. Refused to die, refused to throw in the old bloody towel. S. Ikebia said he tried to escape twice by going up an old ladder, but he was so weak and badly injured, he couldn't do it. He said he fell 20 feet back to the ground each time. To us like that, S. Ikebia had a smashed ankle, broken ribs, and it collapsed lung. The trauma was so severe that the skin actually turned on the inside, pushed the bzehnkel, exposing the bone to the air, Dr. Raymond Top said, In and out of consciousness, S. Ikebia said he survived by drinking filthy drain water and paging blood. I hadn't said this before because I didn't know how grapically it would be, but I actually want to bring in the blood of a pigeon that I had killed on one of the legends. He said there was a nest there and had any liquid, me. I was still so thirsty and I needed to drink something. Paging blood. Freshly squeezed them. Sure. S. Ikebia was rescued after a pork worker walking by the concrete hole, heard his cries for help. Well, I think it's for a happy ending finally for a story like that. When would that be the pigeon blood? Right. Better pigeon blood than pigeon. That's what I say. Black, he pigeons don't you? Yeah, they're nasty. They said outside here on my little balcony, I got a small balcony that would never go on on, but they said outside about and it makes those cooling sounds and we move into the world. Oh man. So no, I know what to get you for your birthday next year. Let's add. How it done? Good. I could be like 10 Williams without the frozen head. Spend all my spare time shooting pigeons. True story. For 160 votes, what's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your car in your house? The law opt-off dial 140, uh, eight. Buck plug 127. Do go 53. You see how many tread there? My spouse 26. Car air 1 through 25. A picture of George's W. Bush is moving up a lot of very fast 21. Training security forces. Uh, body wash 20. She mayle porn 19 to pay five or not to pay. That is the question. A best read voice, uh, CD. Four. Eight-track clear four. Play girl magazine three. Toy dog three and preparation is finally out of pair. Avoid. Nothing to be embarrassed about. Everybody sooner or later is going to have that Roy Experience. Okay. Believe you me that. Raw. Experience. WQAM. Hello. No more. WQAM. Hello. Hey, pal. Yes, sir. About, uh, a little log jam in the guest bath when company comes over. Yeah. What's worse than that? How big are your partners? What's worse than that is going over to someone's house and creating one? My best band. That is bad. Then you got to tell them it's like, hey, now how do we put that delta leon a pool here or something in the bull on our pool? How about how about log jam in the bull? Okay. Yeah. That's a very delicate way. I mean, that could be anything right. Right. It could be. Well, we have to speak in code now. You know how things are nowadays. We have to speak in code. Monestana Halle. Halle. Halle. Halle. Los. Cox. A hoist. Things like that. That way. WQAM. Hello. No. I don't know. Because I don't know. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Once twice. WQAM. Hello. Ha ha ha ha. That's a pigeon. That he's a blood from. I recognize it. They're all the kind. Who am hello? No. No. Yes sir. Everybody hang door. All right. I know who my mouth. I want to tell you what eaten. That's the sandwich. Well, what kind of sandwich? London boil. Boards. Everybody. London boil. Boards. It's roast beef. Oh. And where's it? Roast beef. That's okay. And that was mayonnaise. Oh yeah. Ooh. Manage lettuce onion and a fight. No man. I just want to say two things. Most of the medicine will be collection of all sorts of nager. Remember, Bill, you're anything like that. Okay. And number two, I just want to say Rick's aunt has our energy of time ago when Alien. Are you doing a lot of that? Turn around, huh? Yeah. Rick's aunt has the ease. He's a little midi. I know that. I pointed that people didn't believe me. I came into the station. I would be one time. And when they were next door, he was about two feet. I came up to Georgia's kneecap. You're right. He's a little curve. He's sitting there right in the raven about Alien on an entire shop. And I'm standing there next to him. I realized who he was. And when how long ago was this? Well, about two dollars. It was really nearly on the board. Oh, I thought maybe there's like recently he's going on an Alien on thing. He's probably full of dollars. No, right. He's right. That day he ran a raven in the entire shop, guys. Like a green with him. I said, listen, guys. You guys suck. You know, you know, for your opinion, everybody else, it's a zealion thing. Nobody cares about that. He needs the ones with his father. I basically ripped it in the new. I told him he doesn't even want a channel 7. Good thing. He left any. There you go. Listen, better see it. And then I'll set for damn sure. I noticed they've taken him off the news day. They've like said him out of the field. They do some of those in sip and interviews. You know, I sure hope he's got a driver though, because if he's driving himself. Right. Well, look out. Look out now. I'm I'm I. WQAM. Hello. You know, you're new? Yes, sir. I go off for this call. Okay. Do maybe wife and not walk it up. Maybe a home. Maybe wife. Maybe wife. Those wifeies that you're for the babies. Yeah. You don't definitely want to have those around. Okay. Are you are you following some of these people though, though? Oh. Not maybe he's wiping it. That's open. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty under Verizon and singular wireless. I think that ship was right. I think that George ought to be hung for making us do a pool like this. I actually was. I don't want to go down here and tell anybody that, but she's doing a pool material from No, not, but she's a ticket of pools. WQAM. Hello. Yes. This is Wax. Can you give us those lymphors phono? Yeah. You know, Waxy, this, Bill Zimfer's phono. And there's a possibility. I didn't notice he was mentioned in the thing there. Yeah. This is Waxy. Oh, there he is. I got news for you. It's because you're not going to use men. If Zimfer's coming back, then they would keep the men off. If Zimfer's not coming back. And guess who's also. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Not coming back next season. Well, that's okay. When he has to fake root into the dolphins, you know, when you're a jazz fan, take a lot of pressure off the old mole man. You can probably even smell a more than he already has when you think. I'm sure he would. If that's possible. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I got a good one for you, Polar. Okay. The dolphins, man, will be a little bit. I actually enjoy his fantastic, especially on today's a good day. Thank you. Dolphins, member of Bia. Right? Right. Have any kind like a number 13, uh, Jersey? Any of that crap? Of course we know Miguel's a bear's fan. Dolphins fan. Yeah, dad. I hear who you can. I got one number 34, Jersey. Am I number 9, Jersey. Yeah, Ricky Williams. And number 9. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. All right. I sure wouldn't tell anybody about either one of those. Although if you take that number 341 in certain parts of town in George South being going to hell, we're good deal. Probably it's past noon at five, 60. You just keep going. You just keep your nose just looking straight ahead. Okay. I was the right of the straight ahead and all that food that's hanging around there. I still can't get over the three dozen. That can't be possible. Is it? It's possible. Three dozen. Three boxes of crispy queen donuts. They can't avoid. Maybe he just took them out of the building. Yeah. And then they made him in the car on the way home. Carlos, that will be a good one. We want them. And then, uh, sure, the rest of his family. You know, right. Oh. Well, take a look at them. Uh-huh. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Calliando, the main man at acceptance capital mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage costs? And if your credit is less than absolutely perfect, you're ready to be the most famous two letter word in the English language. No. That's the word. If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting improved are only 50, 50 at best. So do yourself a big favor called now. 888, 483 loan. Let the main man in the same put you into mortgage that meet your needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender or possibly being turned down because you call the wrong number. Call Anthony Calliando, the main man at acceptance capital mortgage at 1. Triple 8483 loan. That's 888483 loan. And don't forget every time they close alone, a portion donated to kids in distress. So why call anybody else avoid to wait and switch, get the best rate, the best deal going all away around. Call the main man today, 1. Triple 8483, L-O-A-N. recreational laughterises 1. matrix 10 CGI 27 A-M Dafoeattr porn. 5ON 360, Zhou-Ki-M-M. rode-selected and one of those very lives, Entry, They love my fingertips purple and I feel so proud and courageous These kids come complete with a bottle of purple ink and easy to follow instructions Wow, you've got a purple fingertips too. You must be proud courageous and excited Yeah, hey, and your fingertips is brown Oh, yeah, always give it to you Yeah, bring all those new fingertips Oh, hey, and your fingertips is green. Oh, yeah, I'm per siltence boyfriend Just 1995 in the Yarsoncraft section of your favorite department store From 17 at five six. Did we got a log jam going? Oh, not really Senate House reached deal. An effort to block Shabo's death. There's a log jam in tele-assie their jaman it House in Senate legislator's reach to deal yesterday and a build a sign of her untary shavo's death I have never in my life in the history of mankind Imagine one rather insignificant person having as much attention devoted to her as Terry freaking Shival Is it incredible or what it's pretty incredible the legislature for the second time unless then two years Move to intervene in the internationally watch case Team members in both chambers said they expected to build a come up for a vote before Friday The day that severely brain damage women's life to see any feeding tube is scheduled to be removed They have been gonna remove that tube more times than most got to be emptying out that bag God And most cases the legislature what blocking art in from allowing a person in persistent vegetative state To die by withholding food and water unless that person at written instructions asking not to be kept alive with artificial Feetings the bills hb 711 sb 804 are scheduled for hearings in their final committees today and could come up on the floor of both chambers as soon as Thursday A spokesman to the governor your fan ask governor Jambos said it was too early to say whether bush would sign the legislation Governor Bush your fat ask governor is thoroughly stated that he'd like to do whatever he can at a law Would regards to Terry Shavo's spokesman Jacob the P3 said But legislators in both chambers said Bush's legal counsel played an integral role in shaping my distillation and you can't do the governor We're likely sign it if we can pretty much give it intact he'll be on board said represented then Dennis back so we're putting a noble kala the bill sponsor in a house Terry I was thinking a dead I don't want to like repeat this, but it says it's fairly significant the dolphin franchises dead I think it's very appropriate the gust for rot signing on the day that the franchise officially moved their broadcast to waxy. Oh, this is waxy by the way What I like that was great. Yeah. This is waxy The dolphins finalized a tier contract with quarterback gust for rot. Oh my god And told the veteran he'll be given a fair shot to compete with AJ for the starting job. Hey for lots got a shot Yeah That's what coach Nick Savon said would be a fair competition. It's all I was looking for a said for Rod who chose the dolphins ahead of offers from Minnesota and Denver I'll sign from for off the dolphins are expected to sign safety to bucky Jones to a three-year contract today Penning is released from New Orleans which the Saints informant that we do lay yesterday According to an NFL source that often's also informed fullback Rob Conrad he'll be released. I'd like that The departure contract leaves the dolphins with no obvious starting fullback although Jamar Martin played their last year And the scene that I'm restricted for each and he's Evans in for visit last week I do like his candy bars those he thars in fact I like that heat bar crunch ice cream to a lot Yeah, too. Mm-hmm. Let's let's have a pull between Heath and what's the other one? The top of your candy score score. How could I forget I had three of score estimate four yesterday? That's where I said play forgot four score and a Eight years ago tattoo a three boxes of donuts five six seven. Oh five 60 Pond five 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. What are we gonna do without the dolphins baby? We are screwed in tattooed. What are we gonna do? W to Q a and hello Hey, I just have a something for your pull it's very good. I agree it in Number one. I'd love yourself. You do an excellent job. I think I do man and spite of all the other all the road blocks They throw in my past man. I jump over a hoopsie crawl between the fire or whatever Don't let management drive you crazy. That's what they're job is screw them man Yeah, I was in hey listen don't worry down here and stop throw it You're going to be too ass burning be burned at the stake I don't know if you're Sunday go ahead. I'm sorry just thinking I'm okay The worst thing down here George will test to it that you see are the back of pickup trucks out here at Western Broward The plastic and I'm using a medical term here test the growth that they hang from their bumper Yeah, real careful here. I've seen them and people were calling what a weird thing Oh, you see everywhere truck nuts. You see them all tied down here When you talking about truck driver and now so you talk about the drivers is the thing on a bank That's the thing on the back. Oh, you know, I could go both with okay Thanks, I'm going to have to come back to town. I got to look for those and I'm gonna saw those people truck nuts Do we have any of the parking lot make up? If Tommy's got him he only truck. I know right now. Now, I went. When did that start? We're going back from front. I apparently started a long time ago and I hadn't noticed it and you know how We missed that exactly you know where they were like speaking through disco there's a phenomenon Like someone brings your attention something right your attention and all of a sudden you see the ball You start seeing everywhere. You start looking for nuts. Yeah, like a squirrel truck nuts Okay, that'd be a good way to put it on right or although I saw one on a car as well But no, you'll see the lunch trucks And what is these significance are that as it was explained to me it shows that your vehicle has balls Oh, yeah Well, guess what I got two vehicles I have really big ones and I have to put in They're for you bus also if you're vehicle has I will I know How many QAM hello? Oh, okay, pali hey, you listen I was I caught that thing a few about a week or so backwards Instead of it was like the biggest here to get the red man leaving then it like a plaque for the guy They're all crying at 1130 you have to be kidding me. Oh, and and that's silly what's your name that the woman That's all I know my say anyway But I do the thing was if they did that a few months ago with Michael Williams and here's a dive He's back. So what is all these people we leave and make a big party from they come back? Yeah, and also in the Dalton is Jimmy Seth will be Or the broadcasts because that's the same guy that left that wife at the altar at one time, right? Right, that's right. That's the same Jimmy Sifillist that is correct that Jimmy Seth alone. I give me Sifillist right. Yes, bye See I remember that I was at I and Z in those days In fact, I had Jimmy on a show and then I was I remember he every probably don't Yeah, that horrible TV show on channel 10 for about five minutes And because I hit him on my show to promote his TV show they had me as a guest on that show Oh, how about that well I bet on some great TV shows I'll tell you that that old candle to the the informers. Those are Mark Jacobson and get off there in the late-time Cox Very sad and the Jimmy Sifillist show which I forget what that was a call Yeah, but he never Jimmy Sifillist you would have a guest on either the Joey Reddell show or the No, it's not because the Joey Reddell show they had a cardboard audience right and the Rick Sanchez show I'm sure I would've been invited when I was out of town. I did just have no one during the month that was on here That was really what was that week or what was for other that was pathetic even Tom Jick has said that little Tommy call me yesterday And about a minute past two to find out like why didn't I invite him to call and he did Now how much he's gonna write or not? We'll have to wait and see you know all the pinning on the Sun sent on how nervous they are these days How well intimidated they've been WM hello Yeah, I'm looking for Neil you're looking for me. Found him Yeah He's seven he's a West Palm Beach boy. So it'd be nice to see Got on the Dolphin Keith Evans. Yeah, he's Evans. I think he played for Seattle I know you're not a sports guy But oh, no, I'm not a sports guy. What do I know about football? That's right. I know nothing. I know nothing. Okay. I heard you mentioned he's Evans was an unreficted pre-asant he's from West Palm Beach So okay, they'll be a connection and the other thing Today's a girl baby. I say you're talking about ponytails. Right. Can I hear the ponytail song? Sure no problem. I remember when Jeff Cohen used to be our friend I'm not a sports guy. I've only got the NFL packages and I have all every game where we Sunday on there and never miss a whole bunch of games But that's okay. I'm not one of those sports nerds and he's right. I wouldn't know he thevins from day livens from Heath bars But he's a good Palm Beach County boy. Why Keith Ledger? What are you talking about? I just just want to hear the Saturday-owned voice now. He just mumbling words and names and making guttural sounds Come on, can trivia something important to the show. Okay. Let's hear about the Dolphin's now They're gonna go five and 11 this year to begin proving over last season. What do you say? Sure? We'll quote him back. Do all like that. They ought to be dangerous. I guess for why you think he's a quarterback He's not he is bad man. He is just everybody first came in with a red skin He was gonna be the next grade. He was gonna be the big deal the top banana Turn out to be he ain't even the peel man. He really blows hey even after all this time some people still are a little uncomfortable about buying their bed over the phone It's a piece of cake man when you call 1-800 mattress the number for dial a mattress You'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy so there's absolutely nothing to risk Did you know that 1-800 mattress is got more repeat customers than anybody else around the name of street? So once you try buying your mattress by call on these folks you'll never go back to a showroom and waste your time and money again You'll get no nonsense no run around no showroom shenanigans just back read right prices on the best brands You know trust and love and a great night sleep for years to come all of these things when you call 1-800 mattress You'll be calling company right number one in the world in customer satisfaction and all the brands that you know and love the sleep on they got them all See me sorta Simmons King coil temporary stick turns in foster you would take your pick and our dial a mattress offers no payments or interest Until 2006 so how can you be that call dial a mattress today and get all the details call 1-800 mattress yours truly George Miguel Mowel faculty lot of other's a QM satisfied customers who wouldn't dream about your mattress any other way Call right now 1-800 mattress or log on to their website Macris dot com for a great night sleep for months and years to come 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S Oh, yes, he's sexy all right just like a whale. He's a whale over gal. I'll tell you that Only six to one at 2 a.m. This is a pretty good chat Graham right to the advocate which courses a day magazine So you know where he's coming from the Swiftball veterans for truth thing is so last year the latest group for rock donations Capital is a new service with a claw like name and a self-described hot military stunt on the staff who's also for rent For those who've been living in a cave. Here's a recap bloggers recently pulled a mask off a lighthouse reporter calling himself Jeff Ganon has real name as James Dale Guckert Guckert. It's been much of the past two years giving me the White House press room on minimal security clearance day passes Representative website Talon news and is more openly biased parents side GOP USA dot com both a part of a conservative propaganda machine Or by a Texas Republican activist when I'm asking the person a conservatively cited softball questions with invented facts occasionally thrown in Guckert apparently had another job as the $200 an hour or $1200 a weekend escort advertised on the sites Hot military stud dot com mail core dot com and others putting all hot man-away man action issues to one side We have yet to get next to the nation of how an operative array Republican pack got professional journalistic access to the White House Without a background check notes David Aaronstein L. A journalist and blogger clearly some a high-faced individual in the Bush administration was waving him in Whether any sort of other waving went on has yet to be established How says David Brock founder of the group medium matters for America another queen which tracks right wing bias I think that's the real number of these she was that there wasn't somebody in the White House press room Who's conservative and asking questions that were loaded and had more to do with the deceptive aspects of it I don't think anyone would have able to anticipate that if Talon is a legitimate news organization Why not use Guckert's real name and give them a permanent pass complaint with an FBI background check playing by the rules is worked fine for the DC base gay press Washington Blague reporter Luchabar O'June or has said a permanent pass to the briefing room for years I've never been called on by Clinton or abortion a presidential press conference to borrow But I'm easily called on by White House press secretary Scott McCulland during the daily briefings Chibara ads and McCulland is also answer questions after briefings Conservative punts including Ann Colter and then over backward was splight the gay twist of the store in order to malign Guckert's critics on CNN's reliable sources John Heinraker a rep from powerline blog.com The right wing website that was one the first question Dan Radis eventually described to report on Bush's initial guard service called the exposing of Guckert flat out gay beating Clearly any questions regarding gay beating should be directed at Mr. Guckert himself respond to Aaron steam and seated so regularly Lot-grage on error voices who was on the CNN show with Heinraker also smells hypocrisy The only gay people conservatives are willing to embrace our Murray Cheney and a hooker for half some day They'll embrace the rest of us Guckert may need some embracing about now I pressed time he was trying to suggestive web addresses asking 15 grand for hot military studs of com and he Take her is all about how many of you I'm sorry to me in the Senate maybe 30 cents maybe 50 cents we think Okay, so I speak in a 50 cent and then this is I'm in this story man. They're just beating us over there And but just keep noting we had a color on this earlier keep noticing I haven't seen one anything today About these seven people that got shot by the good quiet church growing guy in the Milwaukee area and Wisconsin nothing about that But oh my god, it's it's a revelation. It's a we're religious experience in Right yeah, Ashley Smith they had her passed around they had the altar boys they had Oh brother his family Very nice family right the whole the got to miss Fuha Chackel then surrounded by 19 officers in a cinder block jail room the suspect in a rampage of the judge and three others dead appear before Magistrate today was informed that authorities tried to charge him with murder excellent fly his ass Now he's last meal of course will be pancakes will be a butter. Let's hope. Oh, yeah, hey, to mama Brian nickel's appeared before Cobra. He magistered Frank Cox on the same rape charge that he was on trial for Friday When he escaped from another court house nickel spoke only once a thing ring when talks accidentally van any questions Not at this time he said not at this time We're gonna get some more than nice pancakes Officers lined the walls of the room during today's hearing I've already said nickel's had been alone with a female deputy Friday Did you see that did you see the depiction of that? No, he was alone with her a store her gun and they shoved her in the cell and locked her up and then he just remarks in the courtroom shot to that the judge presiding over the case and the other two people and a Partridge in a fair tree and then just kind of wall-stout the court house During the five minute hearing that a nickel nickel's left straight ahead didn't make eye contact with anybody in the room Including the judge when he spoke to him. This is the judge the new judge. It's alive as a vote to my life Cost was brought into hear the case after all the judges and hold and county excuse themselves because the relationship with judge roll and Barnes and the other victims They brought him in shackles today, baby. They had him just jammed down jam up in jelly tight or how about that thing goes I just can't believe that thing about those truck balls. What is it truck nuts truck nuts? I'm sorry truck nuts. Yeah, well whatever the call. I remember one Tugnut he's a goole in the innate chill if they were to sign up for a game. How was panther he's doing? Oh, yeah We loved the panthers will they play again? We'll go lead to a broadcast Oh, boy poor guilty. Let's see. Let's take a look at this old guillotine We got you on a South Carolina basketball in IT seven to nine You're not the main Right also wrong to get off. Yes Yes You know You ain't seen that in yet You ain't seen that in yet During I didn't have two hundredtir doing So Crantele agents on Fox this side Seem to do Thank you 1245, I don't think K3 is going to be too happy about this latest development. We got some stiff competition for him. Now that party radio is going off here, and all that great techno pop, you're all pop, pop, pop in your pants music. Is this a period? Well, I mean, today's the day we got to dolphin. So it's pro-mad change to MQIM. I'm a QIM. Right? Sure. What's going to happen? Just as good on AM is FM. It's all like mustard, yeah. Tickle. All right? I'm talking to you. Stop. As you always say, pop goes the reason. Let's go. Go. You've got some great respect. Got to know about. With my mind. Yeah. I think you have a shift. What? You've got a lot of power. You've got to judge your face. You've got a lot of power. You've got a lot of power. What do you think? About what? You're original. Three decades after forming in a double in high school. And still on top of the music world. You too was ushered in the rock and roll Hall of Fame. Oh my God. Going by the O.J. is perfect to lead the pretenders and buddy guy. Who the hell is buddy guy? That guy over there. And oh guy, Mitchell. Who the hell is buddy guy? Who a verbal on it. They go do something. No, we're for once. Buddy guy. When you finish looking up, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Maybe that was too pack. We put on there. What I'm being versing. If I'm too pack in your house, probably don't sell to good by now. In hours, the fitting rock legends, you too's induction came after midnight. And this is fantastic. They reward they. Gussied up crowd at the Waldorf Astor. I'm performing four songs. Join by Bruce Springstein on. I still haven't found what I'm looking for. Like a voice. Springstein we call going with the who's Pete Townsend. It's here. Got the competition when you two was performing in London club. The first thing a lead singer who single-handedly pioneered the Irish Mullet. What does that mean? Mullet the hairstyle. That's what that means. That's what Mullet was a fish. Well, right. It's named after the fish. He pioneered the Irish Mullet. Oh, god. You save us from this. But he described how you two's four parts equal to much greater whole. That's what they double. And much greater whole. And said it was the only band of last 20 years where he knew all four members names. This was a band that wanted to lay claim to this world. And the next one too. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next. The last one. The plus one. The next one. The next. The next. The next one. The next. The next one. The next. I think that. Afterfilm made sure that. The last one. The next one. The next one. The last one. The last one. ever written producer performed something so full stands in the shadow of these giants, Tinkerbell said the O.J. and he ought to know. No, he's a music maverick or what? The scene always musical or... No. I'm curious, but he was on something the other day, I forgot two seconds channel serving, and if that is a one little fruit cake, I mean one little Tinkerbell. Am I right? Come on. A little Tinkerbell. I mean he never got close enough to Brittany to even see what they look like. Can't give me a break. Percy slages voices been the in memorable backdrop to countless romantic encounters. The Southern Soul Singer is best known for his 1966 hit, when a man loves a woman. Don't we have a parody on that? When a man loves a drunk and pig or something like that? Oh, we got it. We got a man in the door, we got a man in the door. He gets this recipe, when a slow, where lots of nits and nits and put up any hope. Here we got that. It's the movie everyone is talking about. Meg Ryan and Alec Baldwin star in, when a man loves a drunk and pig, he takes his man to be your lovely, wedded husband. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, and straight must figure. It's the heartwarming story of a man deeply in love with a woman who can really pound him down. Oh, all right, you guys, we're off that whole table. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right. She, when a man loves a drunk and pig, oh, come on, there you are. Are you having hard ass? Oh, this is a crazy game. Start sprit. He has three, it is everywhere. Singer Rod Stewart called a one of the best performances I've ever heard. I'm sure you've ever heard Percy Flage. The pretenders come from the same rock to iteration as you too. Ohio native Chrissy Hind has been a tough, a tender role model for women singing, brass and pocket, precious and back on a chain gang. The band formed after high-global and did be part of its fertile music scene. She sold her down with drummer Martin Chambers after guitarist James Timons Scott and Pete Fardin died as drug casualties. Drug casualties, how unusual, huh? In drug role? Yeah, very, very, a great rarity to understand that. Anything else in here worth while? Probably not. But he guy dominated the Chicago Blues guitar scene and he was injured in the hall by some pretty decent guitar players themselves. Eric Tattin and BB King. BB King, he still a second of that blood sugar man. He throw times today, diabetes with his diabetes. That's right. New musicians, industry professionals, and journalists vote on the inductees. Hall of Fame members are permanently in stride in the rock and roll hall of fame in Cleveland, Ohio. You two, my ass. That is saying. Five, six, seven. What do you plan? Oh, it was the paternity. Oh, the paternity. Father just pretending. How much of the pliders in the great paternity? OK, I'll find it. What's the most entertaining I'm versing, rather, embarrassing thing that you could have in your car home? Some of these could be entertaining. 571 votes. Truck, that's by the way, it's still got to be. Oh, I think he just made that up. That caller. You should have heard the show because the call after another is saying, how could you not see these? They're everywhere. You should try show on truck nuts? Well, no, we were just talking about, no wonder they're talking about. No wonder George's all over our house. Yeah, much think I'm great. Like she hasn't seen them. Much think I'm bluff. The most embarrassing thing you could have in your car house, blow up to 158. Blow up to 9, oh, who's probably up one of those? Buck plug 141, a picture of George W. Bush's climate ladder 58. Durbow 56. She malformed 24. My spouse, 29. Car air first, near 27. Body Wars 21. Log jam in the bowl, 10. Oh, that's bad. Jam in. 2P, a 2P, actually, 47. 8, frankly, a 6, dolphins, remember, be your five. Preparation age five. How about if you have dolphins, remember, ready to you need preparation age, right? Oh, geez, double duty. Play, play girl magazine three, toy do-oh, three, and truck nuts have none. So must be your crowd that's in that crap. Okay, yeah, audience. My intellectual audience is not in that kind of garbage. Okay, give with it. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I already just mentioned rock and roll hall same in sections. Some of the crummy induction that have gone over the year that would like to let you know some of the great acts that can't get in there if they, if they tried, if they were, if they petitioned. Gen B, Johnny Rivers, Johnny, hey, wait, wait, wait. Johnny Rivers is not in the rock and roll hall of fame. No, sir. I'm gonna ask our regular thing. I got one bigger than it. Yes. Negron and three dog night. Three dog night is not in there. No, sir. But you got the old James and he got the number of funds and you got you two. We're a bunch of other crap. No, you didn't mean. Brute. Yeah, kind of being couldn't sing a lick, but I mean, they're records well. Yeah, that's true. They sure saw what I mean. Yeah, they had about 22 more hits than the pussy fledger. Yeah, here we have a medley of his hitman. That was watermelon. He's bitten. Some of a dead. Okay, great. He was doing real well, though. We got to that, didn't he? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, he said something about Percy was a melon head or something like that. Nobody said something like that. Something like that. Oh, speaking of melon head, four more years police commissioner Brute Carrick who looks like a real melon head to me, except the thousands of dollars and royalties from a book published to raise money for the families of heroes, killed in 911, New York Daily News has learned. Carrick contributed an 11 sentence forward to the book of the photographs titled in the line of duty, in which he praised police and firefighters, who desperately fought and struggled and bled and died in noblephered. There was a story beyond words, a story of bravery, fidelity and sacrifice, a story that must ever be forgotten he wrote. Carrick's royalties on the book have so far total, almost $76,000 sources told the news, the deal came about when careposing games in year long affair with the books publisher, Thudeless Regan. And contrast former fire commissioner Thomas Von Essen, who also went to the introduction of the books he said to the zero is impending to not a cent. Von Essen directed Regan books to include his payment of his charitable donation cordy publisher's spokesman, how do you like that? Seven these six throughout, what a slime ball. And if anybody really believes that Rudy Giuliani's got a shot in a tournament sense in hell again elected, he's got Brune Carrick around his neck like a giant news. You were listening to Neil Rodgers exclusively on five six. All the dark. All right, it's the one to two hour. Good evening, Lish, a reporter, Ruminvers, and then other polling. Tonight we'll look back at my long distinguished career as a reporter for C.V. I can assure you that every fact Internet's tribute has been checked and we checked by our C.V. as names for the series, the best of business. My story begins in the small town in Texas. Ralph Warren is some of the poor black sharecropper as captain of the football baseball and ice hockey news. The congratulated McGuern, Sigma, super cum laude. After the graduates tuned at the top of my plans at Harvard, I joined the army and earned several purple hearts, which I later asked John Kerry to throw away for me. After touring China as a ping-dong master, I returned home to another cross to country twice, invent the snowy face and start a large shrimp company with my army buddy, Luke to the land. Approachers, C.V. as a 1960, and hire myself as your booker. After the death of Walker Cronkats in 1992, I ascend into the throne anchor of C.V. as a new year, with a rare rare. We are our main until I follow, made the decision to step down after I was Duke Bunger producer into airing of all shore boats, which I wrote, and now as a vessel on the torch, lift by the likes of Cronkats and Merrill, do another battle hardening journalist, probably Gady Kirk, I leave you with one word, courage, and two words, bite me, and that's part of the world, the part of that bridge. I'm Dan Ruther, bitch. One or two at five, 60s just come down to any boy. Here's a fact from Alex Cronkallek who says, hey, the olive is short, give me several was on. Back in the day was called PM Magazine. No, because it was not a PM show, it was a morning show, it was like 11 o'clock in the morning, 10 o'clock, something like that. Nice try, Alex. How about an up dog bits at the olive? They kind of inspired me the one I was talking about first these slides in the probably end with the fruits. But they would be a good pull-up take someday, who belongs in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, who hasn't been in there? Okay, but the problem is I just did a Google on it, and it's got like the inductees for this year, which I just got through town, and the inductees for 2004, but I am looking for the all-time inductees, I can't be fine in it. Now you know it's got to be under some of it. I thought they'll find it. Please, pretty please. That would be good pull. That should be better than the one that Joyce is going to try to make a student tomorrow, whatever that would be. Right? I have no doubt. I have to be a humongous improvement over that Joyce pitch. How many QAN hello? Good morning, afternoon, you know. Good evening, how are you? Hi, I have a couple nominees for your poll. Okay. One is something that I have, and I'm a little embarrassed, but I have a clay aching CD. Oh no, a clay aching CD, that could be the winner. That is a good thing, a mom. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And my husband, I have to put this delicately. You used to have an inflatable sheep. Oh no. Yeah. He doesn't have any more. I bet he's a little sheepish about it now. He's sheepish about a lot of things. Aw, but he is. It didn't last long, he popped it. And the sheep too. Have a great day, sweetheart. It too. Pretty nice little bit. We all try. Clay aching CD, you got it? We got it. Don't you remember when we had the inflatable sheep in the studio for a long time? We did. We had, remember we had a sponsor that sent us a bunch of novelty items. No. That might be one of your people. My, my people are a clansier than night. What are your sponsors? And we did live spots for who sent us a bunch of... Oh, is that? Novelties. We don't mention them anymore because they turn out to be... In sense? They turn out to be one. Number Mitch? Oh, I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no. Yeah. From video puke? Yeah. Oh, brother. But never done, man. You know, it's interesting that you mentioned that one. Oh, Mitch from video waves. He's another one. I don't think any of these people are IOD people. My correct about that. I don't know. I take that back. He was a sponsor at IOD. He was. But somewhere along the line, after post QAM started, he and Andy from Hollywood and Greg from 14 Lucy and Boiton Beach and all of the places. Didn't the three of them be like a bunk bud buddies or something? Yeah, they did. Right. I also remember because he brought in a guest once before we knew that he was crazy. Yeah. He was Italian, I spent any brings them into the studio. Oh, yes. I'm not blocking it from your mind. I don't know. I remember very well now. You bring it all of these things back into big rush. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm saying that a pressure from yesterday, we're never going to recover from that. Joyce and Bluff. And clearance. Yeah. Your current is like, Paris is like a little like senior wences in the little, you know, like a little doll in Gus pocket, you know, which quite frankly, he likes a crush it because he hates him like poison and is very bitter about the fact he lost a big chunk of his salary because they made the clearance into the sports program to read the, yeah, the PD because he is sports nerd, but nevertheless, it's always the two of them on the phone in the studio side by side. Like they're geore like sign these twins. Join it and hit a load guy. Yeah, right. That's obvious. Now, what were you just saying? I'll let me show him video away. Oh, and go ahead and inflatable black sheep. And he was the black sheep. Make them a stick about that. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you stole a little bit of my thunder and want to leave you a segment about that prisoner that got their guards gun and killed all the people in the middle of the night. Yeah, he got to know his name and brand nickels. He's a super scar now. He, yeah, honestly, Smith. Don't you think that a prison system like that would have some sort of protocol where a fair transfer and a prisoner into court would all be out? I mean, I'm the news last night. They were interviewing a lot of people who were working the Atlantic Court out. They were all bitching and screaming and moaning about they've got the worst security and the discretion and embarrassment. And it's always been that way. So how the focus, of course, the spotlight is on them. So for a while, they'll make it look good. You know, but they've always been very relaxed. Well, that's ridiculous to walk. Crosswalk a prisoner into court like that. Whenever one else goes into court, that's to go through the metal detectors and the gun screeners. I mean, ridiculous. And that would have put them in shackles that would have never happened. Yeah, well, they did it today. Needless to say, oh, absolutely, they did it today. And I think they're not lying there. Isn't that bring those dead people back or they don't like the judge? No, it's not. But it's going to change the protocol, but they that they work by. And in that state and then probably down, you know, and everyone else is too. And by the way, since they're all whipped up about Ashley Smith and what a hero she is, it was, where was God when he was being shooting all these innocent people? Hope that are out Street in the Bible. Man, it must have been a good news. All right, it's a good news. It's a good news. He got protected all those other people that didn't get tried. That's right. That's right. For example, 56705, and it came to find out that she's, I don't know what I did when I was sure. I think I smith can it, rightfully. So, but she had a, as a teenager, she was like, what did I tell you before? I've heard past a very checkered past battery. She was arrested for battery, a speeding with no big deal. But just a whole bunch of stuff. She was a teenage piece of turd, is what she was. But then she found the Lord. And so now let's meet her pastor and the author of this best selling New York Times book. And let's talk about God. Oh God. Give me a break, man. You people in a mass media would talk about a cell out. I know what to the biggest cell out to. And of course, you see the interesting tie in there between George, W. and the God Squad is, is there all the same bunch? Totally sold out. Or speak of that. I can hear this. For readers of the Bible confused by it's archaic language, such as it's used at the term stone for a form of execution rather than the effects of smoking dope. Help us at hand. It's like that bit we got about to. You're going to get stone twice in one night. One of the world's most widely readbibles, the new international version, has been modernized by team of 15 American and British scholars and has published today. Yeah. But you're hand on a good book. God is the word aliens, which the academic style was invariably associated in the minds of the origin of the generation with extraterrestrial and has replaced with foreigners. You know, I'm foreigners? Like you guys, for example, both of you. Right. Well, not my God. He's still a foreigner. Even the term stances deemed to be too ecclesiastical and has been banished to be replaced with God's chosen people. The virgin Mary is no longer with child. She is pregnant, pregnant. And to the dismay of traditionalist, who will suspect a feminist agenda, inclusive language has been introduced throughout, where the original read, when God created man, he made him in the likeness of God. The new version says, when God created human beings, he made them in the likeness of God. For those unfamiliar with the punishments, made it out. And by the way, speaking of human beings and the image of God, he says, we get a lot of his, what's that show I was just talking about before? Seven, seven, seven. You know, the young cop whose wife had the baby and everybody's come to visit the kid and everything else. Right. You know, he used to be, maybe one of the best looking people I've ever seen in my life. And now the ugly stick is starting. He is aging poorly, you know what I'm saying? He's turning. He's in that, in that definite turning phase. Believe me, he losing a real quick. Why? He's getting a hold, like 23, 24. Why? Yeah, it's entry. I'm just telling you, that's what happens to the guys. And what's his name from that, that's stupid, that's moving about the, is Daddy, we said, to the Africa or whatever. And I was, what was that movie? Matt, a good region, good region, good region. Okay. Don't know how I'm moving. I'm talking about? No. Sure you do. It was a real piece. Five, six, seven. It was a period piece. All five, sixty, and pound five, sixty, and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. WCWM, hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, pal. This is Jamie, the air-free cargo stuff. You know that's perfect. I think you're all great. WCWM, hello. Tag in my plan. WCWM, hello. Rock all.com. We'll show you that. Thank you, I'm in the locker room, all play. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. All right. I got the list. I'm just filling it down in the two pages before I pack. Oh, do you? Good. I need it. Let's see. He doesn't believe you. And this is meaning me. I said, thanks to George. He made bumper nuts.com. I'm really not. I can live without it. Okay. I believe you. I had no idea. I had never seen that. That's the good part of it is that you weren't didn't know what was all about either. You were like way behind the time. As soon as they point them out, like this is something that I desperately need to cut her up. I already overloaded brainwaves about bumper nuts. And whatever else this is. Yeah, you just have it live. Truck nuts. I don't have it lived. Now, now what happens if they scrape along the ground? They make sparks. Parts. Really? Problem on it's after one at five, 60 WQAM, when you're shot for quality food, where great selection for a professional service immediately pops into your mind, just like magic, one store, Brandy Shoes and Pablo Beach. Because for years and years, Brandy's has been offering you that unbelievable combination of the best prices in town, friendly sales holes will make sure you get a perfect good every time. And the best selection of men's elements top brand shoes in the world. They got them all. Rockport's floor shum, SAS, Spirory, Timberland, naturalizer loss more. It would brandy shum, longer selection, you could bet fat boy and many bells likes both on it. That whatever style you pick out, you're going to have that. They're going to have that size in the shelf on the thing, ready to start on your feed. Brandy is open daily. Monday through Saturday, 9 in the AM till 9 PM. Every Sunday, 10 to 5 in your fine brandy is at 12.90. North China will highly and pop at a beach. It's always worth the trip. And this week is especially great time to buy four shum at Brandy's. Because this week, you can take 20% off on all great men's for shum style. So, be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shopping online at Brandy's shoes.com. And say cheese. Hey man. Hey, who's this? It's a Jeff. Hey, I was in your restaurant and it's well like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up. Gee, yo, yo, yo. Get it? No. Okay. Hey, I was in your restaurant. My wife and I and she was commenting as I was then it's smelled like up dog. Like, what up dog? What is up dog? Now, what's up with you, Gee? Get it? Yeah, hi, I was in tight. Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What's up dog? Not much. What's up with you, Gee? Get it? Get it? What's up dog? What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you, Gee? Get it? I'm easy. It's one set of teenagers to you. Now, you've asked me a couple of pages here, right? Two pages, right? And that's it? That's all of them. That's it. I put the columns all in one page. Two pages. Rock and roll Hall of Fame and read. Now, what is this early influences? Is that like a separate category? It's a category, right? That's a date both come out all right because, yes, okay, good. For farmers, early influences and what's this that I'm not performers? What does that mean? I really don't know a lot about that. I don't performers to get a funny odis. Oh, Sam Phillips and Phil Spectrum was like producers. I would have said, right? Sidemen, Chad Ackens, Floyd Cramer. Wow, yeah, we're going to do this tomorrow. I already got it written out. You know, another one who desperately ought to be on there and is not, and I doubled second triple checking quadruple check. Jim Crochi. Same thing. Don't you agree with that? Some might say, I would disagree, but some might say that it wasn't rock and roll that he was a folk ballad singer, something like that. You know, there's a million excuses for people not being on here. Get out of here. Get out of town. I'm on Johnny Cash. He wasn't a rock and roll singer. He was a country man. He's in there. He's in there. So he's in there. So he's on Buffalo Springfield, and then mentally of their smash. After all, it's worth. They were rock and roll. But they had one here. I have a shoe. They had one here. Yeah, but it was an anthem. Oh, am I going to have to find that now for what is going to be? They don't want to hear that. Yeah, but we do. They ought to want to hear it. They ought to want to be one and hear it. Go back to the 60s, man. And wake up. Wake up. And step the death of the hills. They're innocent people dying every day. They're a bunch of all of them. People over there in Iraq. Your brothers and sisters and sons and everybody's dying over there. And nobody gives a flying crap. And guess who's going to be at Paul's on tonight? You're going to die when you hear this. I guess what the topic is on Paul's on on CNN 80 clock tonight. We're going to jump out of that chair and hit me. Get what the baseball bat. What do you hear this? Actually, the purpose of the life. That's in him in that book. You know, he was reading it. Oh, you know, something I forgot to. This disc that book a brand made for me. Thanks a lot, Boko. But there's something with your equipment, man. Better check your goods. And since it is two days, where is his stuff this week? It won't play in the top machine here for some reason. In fact, it doesn't look to me like it's going to play in the bottom machine. What's going on over here, huh? What is wrong with this? For what it's worth. Oh, there he is. Jesus Christ. Exactly. Don't, don't, don't, don't. There's something happening here. There's something happening here. Are you sure? What did it say? It's a baby's birthday. I'm dying out of the head. There's something else. Okay, that's it. I want you all out of here for just for that. And what it is, and let me look it up in the book, okay? Let me look at Buffalo Springfield and see man. Maybe my memory, because I played that on the years of this jerky. 1979, I would say. That's my guess. I'd say, I mean, 69. Buffalo Springfield, oh, 67. What do you plan? Oh, it's another wreckway. This one's by Humper Gink. That's Inglebird Humper Gink. The composer. Not the modern singer. February 1867, it was, uh, let's see. Seven weeks, uh, let me show you a chart. I thought number seven. And that's it. That's the memory of their smash Buffalo Springfield. And they're in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Now, I'm sorry. I am so sorry, but that really crossed my ass. Even somebody like me who knows so little about music, quite or audience, because I'm an old fart. Well, my taste is terrible. And Yati Yati, and I've heard it a million times. And guess what? I don't care. Let me join you in your ignorance, because who the hell is Solomon Burke? Hey, I think he was full cousin to Abraham Solomon. He's under performers. Steven still's Nio Diyon, Richard Fure, Bruce Palmer, Doy Martin, Yati Yati Yati. Okay. So because Steven's skills and Nio Diyon were in the group Buffalo Springfield, therefore they were inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997. I got news for it. Is there ought to be a revolution about that? You know what? People ought to be phoned up and tired off about it. Should I? Right? They ought to. I mean, if you want to cross me, stills a nash. Huh? There you go. Thank you. And old book of mine says, Did this went out yesterday? So, okay. We're here to get some time. I'll keep my eye. I'll keep an eye out for us. And of course, cause these skills and nash are already in there, right? And if we're back to the same year, when 97, like I said, I'm so glad they said, Fuck third man. I'm finally home. Those are the days that's before everybody was like neutered. Talk about truck nuts, man. Are there any real ones anymore? Everybody in America has been pretty much neutered. It been neutralized and sanitized. And I arise. Remember, used to sell that salt you didn't do it. And then sell salt when you were in school? No, they made me know candy bars. No, we sold salt. Salt. How, uh, more easily. I arise salt. That's kind of bizarre. Actually. What? Well, selling salt. That'd be like selling bread or any other staple. That doesn't mean that. Well, there you go. We used to sell salt. I don't know why. It's a big one. It's a cool. We have to go door to door to door. And they sold salt to raise money for some crap. I don't know. It was new. It was new. What did I tell you about him, huh? Maybe in Cuba it was. Remember, salty salt, placement over there in Tampa used to do the sports. Remember, old salty salt? No. He was on TV in Tampa, 100 years ago. How did we get off on his crap? Oh, it's because they got the rocker rocker rocker. I'm ready, call it. That was good. See, we got our own polls. They're one of Joyce's going to force upon us. Like, she was going to have us tomorrow. How many sheets of toilet paper to use each movement? Have you heard of little Willie Jones? Yes. Teamor. Right? I don't know. Little Willie Jones. Me, Rick, and a morning. Oh, that's it. Really? That was little Willie Jones. Well, I mean, it was a Peggy lead. Did fever. A lot of people. Little river band. Little Richard was not in here. I mean, little river band is not in here. But little Richard is. No, not little Richard is. A little, a little Willie Jones. I guess you're going to have to go to it. Maybe it didn't make the top 100. I'm sure he did fever. Okay. Maybe he just had a bad fever. By the way, if you ever, I'll do a photo. Now, is the biography channel on any of our cable. But there it is. Yeah. Number 20 and I think 56. I'm looking under the wrong thing. Little Willie Jones. That's the number 24 and I think 56. Feaver. Also Peggy lead and the McCoy's had fever. And never recovered from it. Remember the McCoy's hang on. Snoopy? They got some strange criteria for this thing on Snoopy. I was surprised if the McCoy's getting in there. They said, somebody's marginal people. Wait till all my god. Wait till the audience finds out all of these people are in and then a lot of people are not. Right. They're going to start. This is going to be a revolution, baby. Clyde. They're going to be marching on Cleveland. They're going to be making the story for that mistake on the lake. I'll say that right. What a horrible place. Of course, I haven't been here in a long time. How can I make a judgment like that, huh? I was to Cleveland like twice in my life and blow a horrible place. God, but a long time ago, early 60s, could be great now. You think, and then I was back there in 71. We drove all of it at Cleveland. We got a tip on a horse and a field park outside of Cleveland. The hand name of the horse was Mr. Z. Got it? I got it, Mr. Z. He was, I told us there many times. He was number one in the fifth race. I had to winters in all the first four races, but was very real likely because we're saving all of our money to pile it up on Mr. Z. He went off at three to one. He started out fifth and he got away in the middle of the race. He was fifth and he finished fifth. Not too good. It's a long ride back to Detroit, I'll tell you about it. Mr. Z. And then of course, I met that up not just Mr. Z and Pompeo Park and I'll never, you know, I always connected to losers, losers. Mr. Z. Mr. Z. Go away, Mr. Z. And by the way, fat rich hated you like poison, Western peace. What's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your house? I feel like I'm like, I'm drugs or something. I like I'm doing mushrooms. I feel like incoherent. And then this must be like the aftershock from yesterday morning. Maybe it is. Maybe you're having a stroke. No. Can you get out of here? Struck this. So what's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your house or your car? Blow up doll. 163. But plug 153. They're pretty close. Ha ha ha ha. To close for comfort. Picture George W. Bush is climbing up their 86. Build over 58. She mayl porn 41. My spouse 31. Car air freshener. 27. Log jam in the bowl. 22. I hate winners of bad log jam. No, too. That's the worst. Funny wash 22 which is silly. Back to the boys CD9. 2.8. Dolphins remember being a 7. Prep 86. Playgirl magazine 6. 8.8. Play her 6. Trucks 5. Toy dog 5. And a clay acency. The is already got full. Sure this is a new Rogers. It's glucidly. On 5.6. And you and your family. Yeah. Yeah. I've been a work. I feel right. I thought I'd be to the round piece of the ears. Now it's a classic set of reals. It's the only a grub of wood. I think. How we pick these. It's kind of in the driven cold. And it dies of the massive. I got the pants of the quick cherry yoke. All of the evening. Open a golden out of cherry cherry. It'd be different. All of the evening. Shiny little little bit. It's made of it. It's made of it. It's a super skin. It's now so round. Sounds of a rule. It's a big set of super towel. Sounds the author. Stop. Don't eat eels. A thing of it or not. The picture's afraid. I'm not a 17-eye. I'm a bow down on the window. Show the combined towel. It's my baby candle. All of the evening. Open a golden out of cherry. It's made of cherry. It's made of strawberry. Shiny little little bit. It's made of alto little tengoike eels. The Japanese being mentality for example Because I'll go to Japan! My pet aunt gave me dragonи. I bought a他們ul. I bought tomot! I don't careITTERelf smell it. I was afraid. Old dude. more on the cases on Well Come لictifs Memorial or 24's a I'll be trashed in the dolphin organization like they would deserve it so I can tell you no more restraints take off the restraints speak in a Turdon assessment you turn that's dark time to realize it Miguel first of all don't want to hear this and you especially don't because it's from capital hillblood Bob not blue blue down. Oh yeah, I hate that site the rant dark time. He's the best. He's my new hero another turd in the cesspool. That's the headline sign. It's on our website. At least it will be when Josh gets out of jury duty. Has this just gonna be a one day deal do we know? Should be. Oh for people with a modicum of intelligence the question has never been asked whether or not Tom Delay is a crook. How anywhere with an IQ above that of an average plant knows the Texas Republican is on the take always has been. The only real question is how long it'll take brain dead Republicans to finally admit their scandal scarred house majority leader is a political liability last to go. House Speaker Dennis Haster to spearheaded an appalling campaign to protect Delay at all cost even with mounting evidence that this typical Texas good old boy politician is for sale to the highest bidder by doing so has stood in his politics of a honesty policies prove the GOP is just as corrupt as they look the other way political machines that are controlled Congress and the horse and buggy days. Delay's sorted reputation already sold by a grand jury investigation into his influence per league and money laundering schemes took another hit last week for the revelations that he is family and staff 70 thousand dollar pay off from Indian gambling interest for his help in killing legislation they didn't like. And tip of the list of the lobbyist laundered the money to the right wing national center for public policy research which then used the funds to pay for a junk at the scouting for Delay's family and staff. Powerful Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff also under investigation for influence per league arranged the trip. When confronted with a new allegations the late political Jackson publicity diverting stunt checking himself in a way Bethesda medical center for what is called minor fatigue and heart irregularity. That brought a lot of chuckles from Washington's side. Time to lay can't have a heart condition joke one lobbyist because in order to have a heart condition one must first have a heart. After it is minns of tried everything to protect on Delay from the inevitable reading the house ethics committee of any republican with enough balls to question the majority of his crimes and ramming through new rules that will script the committee of any power to take action even if they find wrongdoing. Meanwhile back in Texas Travis County prosecutor Ronnie Earl has delay in his sights with indictments of three Delay competence already in his pocket. Earl says he'll follow the truth wherever it leads this is in about politics or will say it isn't about democrats and republicans. It's about cops and robbers in the abusive power. Unfortunately it's all about politics in the abusive power. The republican leadership and a household use all the politics of can to protect time Delay and the house speaker in the satchard will continue to use the power of his office to protect his team. The only thing that stinks in the poepred cesspool called the congress of the United States he just happens to be the most current. Third to bubble up to the surface. You curse even if I talk to him. He's the best. He's great. Even though it is on capital to hell. I've said that you for some bizarre reason have nothing but hate and revolt higher. It's a good idea. Can you imagine the number of names where we have like we might have to do that a four part around that thing. It's just a really upset about that. Have to rock and roll a whole thing. A lot of great people and groups that should be in there but are not. I think you had indeed belonging and everything now that I think about the guy was right. Sure, right. I mean it couldn't seem to look but they had a lot of big hits. Isn't that what it's all about? I got issues with some of these other people. Let's take a look at some of the ones that are in there. I don't want to like tip off a quite McFatter. Hey, don't be not in climate fatter, baby. That's before your time 50s. He was great. No kidding. He was. Well, she loved me. I love her. Who? Well, that's also 50 stuff. Haked ballard. Haked ballard. The midnighters, baby. In fact, didn't Haked ballard. What was he? What do you do the twist before a tummy checker? I don't know. Why are you going to be doing this today? This is tomorrow's show and now you got to make it just like the audience. It's not a name for like doing stuff for the next day's poll. And now you're doing the same thing. Yeah, but Harold Ballard, former owner of the main police, finger-pop and time. The twist, there we have to tell you. Okay, good. All right. Now let's see. Wait a minute. When did Chubby checker do the twist? Let's see who had it voiced. I mean, anybody if you said the twist with anybody say, hey, Ballard, midnighters? No, they say Chubby Chester. Chubby Chester's got to be in there, right? Chubby Chester is not in the hall of fame. Ah, and hey, Foward and the midnighters is our end. Oh, my God, that's enough to make me want to puke about the Suhi Urtsigan. Look at all the hits, Chubby Chester had. Now let's see, eight, six, the, just a minute and seven, eighteen, so there are no way, and eight, twenty nine. So he beat him by like three weeks. Chubby Chester beat Harold Ballard on a minute. And anyway, look at that. The Huckelbuck pony time, let's twist again, the fly. They released the twist again in 61 and went to number one for two more weeks. Limbo Rock, just a whole list of stuff here. And Harold Ballard and the Maple Leafs and Hank Ballard and the midnighters, they had the finger pop of time, covered the twist and have a big hit on it. Let's go, let's go, let's go. The Huckelbuck pony, let's go again, the kind that a walk in a switcheru, the switcheru, the switcheru, sounds kind of, to me. Chubby Chester, you're right. I think we need a lawsuit on this, don't you? Let's have some justice, baby. Let's have Larry Justice, let's hit and regret his old ass back into it. What do you say? Oh, here we go. He's old enough to remember all of these people. He's a poor senior of the regions. He's the president of the United States. Eight and... Your buddy's record, you've seen him film. You've even purchased the day-glow-volved memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all, but wait, there's more. Now you can buy secrets recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. You know what, baby? This is Elvis. I want you to go all right now. Think we have big peanut butter and Dennis. I mean, the butter and the better, the better, the better, the better, the good, the better. You're the good, the better with the diet. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. All these are meant to be the best men in the world. The Elvis, the Elvis. All children, the old, a large house. The only... the street. The biggest sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm home. Come on, home. And I'm a home-brain. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life. What you better, what you better buy the beloved. And I don't do way back. Would you pick up some Dennis' place? Great feeling. And we don't have... Carlos, Jimmy's day this time. I love what they're gonna do. He's the oldest. We're gonna give him a game of old gold. I'm gonna go now. We've run stores everywhere. All of these, all of the age, live a month and a month. It's 45 and 2A and we've got most ended by 2D Meddog before. And then you have basketball and IT, you have a lot of 7. For life of me, I just don't understand little Willie John. Hey, I mean, he had, you know, hit on fever in 1956. But then that was a middle-of-his-smash. I mean, little Willie John is of obscure as a poopy compil. I say it's politics, man. All of it is? Well, little Willie John, what kind of politics did he have going on? Who knows? What he will works. I mean, what is his craft? Wait till tomorrow. Right. Now, let me ask you the bell Vikings on here. Well, the bells are on here, of course. But not the bell Vikings. They. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly. These people must have musical taste in their tush. 560, 505, 60 on the Verizon, Singular Wireless Lines. Those clones are just smoking out. So tell me who I am. Hello. Charm. Yeah, see what I mean? I don't think I want him on no more. And I'm just really tired. What's his name again? Yeah. Well, that was actually someone pretending to be here. No, that was him. Oh, no, that was him. Trust me. Dereau. Who is it? Dereau. Dereau. We're tired. And we're not going to put it on here. We've got 17. 85 second delays. Okay. So we're just really sick and tired. You just, you know, some of the other videos we don't care. But in your case, get a life. Go back to your security guard, watch guard, house, or whatever you do. Your dog house and get lost. How many Q.A.M. Hello? Thank you. New God. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, buddy guy. I drove him in the town car and mortal beach. Very cool. Oh, Pica. When in the town? What kind of stuff? Some chili. Who opened it and house the bullies for James Brown, the bullies brother? Who? Who? Who? Who? It was very cool. Well, buddy guy. He got a little bit of a bloody town car. But it just like baby king. Another funky guy, Betty. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. He's, he's stabbing her right now, man. He's stabbing at four or five times an hour. And it's finger two. Five six seven. What he got, he was talking about. That's the reason we didn't recognize it because we didn't know who he was before. We still don't know who he is. And quite frankly, we don't care. And I thought we wanted to be disrespectful, but we just don't care. WQA.M. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got one for the bull. My smelly old girl. Mother and law. Your mother and law. That's excellent. Okay. My mother and law is fantastic. That's going to go zooming up to those. Don't you think? Get out of here. Absolutely, man. My mother and law. Absolutely. You watch. You're working down right now, right on your wrist. I'll work it down. Put it on the list. You got there. Would that rock and roll Hall of Fame crap for tomorrow? Now, let me see the Delvikeings. I want to write down some of my own honest list. Because that's just ridiculous. On a face of a man without rages. You don't think? I do. I mean, this is important. Heavy to be stuff. This is the music of our lives, man. This is important. Just ask me. I'll tell you. WQA.M. Hello. Hey, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, George, you're show over the years. I'd like to say I quit excerpt from a song just to help us choose up your day for you. No thanks. Come to QA.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, George there. Yeah, he's here. I said I'm an envelope last week. Did he get it when my Jesus prayer arrived? Yeah, I got it. It's a matter of fact, the bugs up on the wall. Okay. Pretty funny, huh? I like it. I posted it. You see what it says. You stare at him. I'm going to see what he's got. He's going to be the best. I can't believe something on radio. It can't be a little bit interpreted. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know what he's talking about. I'm saying that it doesn't translate well to Daniel. It doesn't work real well on the radio. What I'm saying? Well, let me hold it up to the microphone. Yeah, hold it up to the mic. And then tell him to call you at home in a two week and never let the usow. Because we have no idea what he's on. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Good. Hey. I know you're doing it. Hey. I know you're a little topic, but I know it's kind of fallen under the radar, but I feel like you're there. They're going crazy about that Terry Shival. That's not going to be before. I'm sorry. I was we know the rush that passed all this freaking registration is like, what about all these abused kids is coming? It's correct. And also, Daniel, care about abuse kids about anybody else on the care about his Terry Shival. She's the postage child for where to stick to to. I mean, I've been sitting back like washing with absolutely disgust. You just need to get the direction that this country has been going in. Correct. That's for years. I don't know. Correct. Yes. Just the overall feeling of just in power. You know, I disguised as, you know, for thinking, be with these right wingers. I still think, come to Bush stickers on. And I've nothing looking at them for these people. I mean, I know, I know, I said, no form is a radar, but a relation will go out and re-read their bio copy of Fahrenheit 9, 9, 11, 11. Yep. And just refresh all your memories. Yeah. Maybe one of my 1984 by George O'elle to the movie and the book and take a look at those two. George, quite a good pair of much right. What, when you're going to have to stick in, that person is not even set for the I know. He's a lot of good. Oh, brother. And they're really just amazing to you. Don't you just find it astonishing. I've quite a stack. I remember around five words. And that TV show from a hundred years ago, this is your life. And of course, that describes the show for so many of you. This is your life. I have no life. You're not seeing me. You're not seeing me. You're not seeing me. You're not seeing me. On five, sixty. On five, sixty. On. On. Bye. Bye. Bye.