All right, we're quick. I want to thank Bill Sal. The campaign is on Michigan State for any five of the two of you should on Sutton or for homestay Park. Tell her from CBS. See, yes, Seth Reemberg from Virginia Tech Paul. He would Georgia. Nick and say, oh, no, yeah. Dick White-Towl. Steve Lavin, Phil Park, Kelly from St. Joe's. Yeah, we had a. Yeah, baby. We were world-awel and I apologize. Yeah, and all the time you want to take. Listen, at least I'm getting on before 11 30. Yeah, and can I thank my friend Rob Cowen who came down from New York through this show. Thank you. And Rob knows all the stories. Thank Dan LaBastard too. I'm going to say to, jerk. I'm hearing stories about them and you talk about living in a dream world. I just want to give you an analogy. Okay, Dan LaBastard ripping it a gym and it's Would be like Dave Ann Boering ripping Mel Allen. You know what? It would be like it would be like guilty ripping Mel Bowen. When all of a sudden, Bun Neil, I make managed five to one over him and the ratings. Clive the one. Yeah. Fill your break. He'll have a five, at least a five and a half to a six share and he will have a 1.2. Not a one. They're never going to. Dan LaBastard's going to have a one in his dreams man. I don't point eight. Take it to the bank. Get the morning line on it. Okay. I won't put it this way. You're not by the way that you're nobody. They're okay. And the spite of the fact that you offered you the afternoon. But then once you came back and didn't morning's here, Wow, he can't compete with Joe Rose. You know, these people think they can top themselves into something into an audience. They're dreaming. Well, as far as Jim goes, he kicks that guy's ass every day. I mean, Dan LaBastard, give me a break. Like he's one step away from your old boardops. Do guts. You know what? That's a dead heat. You know, you know, you let it go with that. You know, the fact that they got to dolphin broadcast that we were losing money on. All of a sudden it makes them in the great broadcasts. I don't understand that. It makes no sense to me. I'm going to say something about go right ahead. Like all the time you want. Take a couple of hours. Something you know about your choice. Well, I think you'll agree with this. Man, this is going to be missed. If I'm the dolphins, that's the one concern I have. That they lose man. It's from those broadcasts because it goes to show you how stupid they are. In fact, that he got a phone call the night before last saying that, you know, if you want to do the dolphin games, you've got to come over and do it. Talk show for us. He's already, you know, that sounds like contact tampering with us. There, but you know, he signed a contract with two a.m. for five more years. That's contract tampering and and and and sent to intimidate. And if they're going to intimidate anybody. He's going to be the last one. They're going to intimidate. Oh, yeah. He's, hey, listen, they took very good care. I am here. He's fine. He's not concerned about anybody took good care of his employees. She, you know, that's another story. No, yeah, but he's not. And you know, something's Jim won't complain and he'll just go on and continue to kick Levitars S every day. I mean, it's the guy has no talent. He has no class. Right. And he had to forget when a Marlins won the series, 97 he said, the Marlins didn't win the world series. The two wins. The two wins. It was Leva. Remember that the impaired. That was one of the most embarrassing episodes in history. I'll never forget when they got lighter and Kevin Brown the first time around. And he wrote about what a waste of money that was how they got paid. Yeah. Oh, he's got his thumb right on it. And he had his thumb right on Ricky Williams, too. Yeah. Yeah. And the sharper guy they got over there is either him or Greg Co. text. If that fish rapper. That's the dead he took. Yeah. I don't know how we can contend with Stu gotts man. You know what? Look up Nick. Wait in the getchener. You'll find his picture right next to it. I'll be dang. Yeah. Yeah. We will move on and we will go on and think about how we'll survive. I mean, if we've overcome all of these networks we've got here all this time, I think some how we'll survive. I think so. Hey, I've got the word. I only want to get these three years in and it's by by anyway. Yeah. Me too. I got four three and the three and three quarters. Nothing. I'm counting anything like that. Oh, I'll have to. How many minute morning after a joys and then the panic people on Monday morning I might be not be able to make it. Yeah. You probably got down to the minute. You're like when we were in the army and used to have used every day you would write on a wall next to your funk. Okay. 78 days in a wake up. I've got it on a blackboard. Yeah. 78 days in a wake up including the summers and all the vacations. I got extra. I only got about two months left. So that's a bad. Oh, my Jamie Americans on the list by the way boys. We're doing the rocking all the same all the glaring exceptions. It's really embarrassing. So many people aren't in there. How could Jamie Americans not be in a rocking roll hall of fame? You know who Jay's married to? Not really. Mitch Ween sister. Jay Black is married to Mitch Ween. Oh, Mitch Ween sister. Yeah. Wow. Are you serious? Yeah. I'm a couple of years ago for the NCAA tournament show which I'm doing over there next week. And he was performing over there and she was there. I'll be damned. Yep. Jay Black with his over and we are. Yes, he is. That's sad. And he looks a lot worse than we did. Do you know how old he is? He's old than we are. He was born in 1938 that makes him 66 plus. Woo. Man, oh man. Get that box ready boys. And he's still bringing it with caramel. He's still alive. How do you like that? Just like the guy five. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. Yeah. He's great. Well listen, have a great day and don't lose too much and that was a one. I'll show you. I didn't hear any of it but I'm sure it was one. Yeah. The guys did a great job putting them together and it's for people who are in the whole family. The basketball games. You know what they say about the fool and his money are soon part of it or something like that. I think I did the show for it. I know what you did to show for it. Have a good day. You too, see ya. There's Joe. Just Joe. Stand like that. You can certainly have only one thing to say to him. You're fair. In the world where we make some rebates are custody being re-made. So vester's the lowest return has rocky bountiful up to defend his title against the formidable know how we've been in Rocky part twenty seven. In moments of that bum I could have been a good contender. It's redundant. It's good contender. No, no, you is this guy. It's well, Harry David. He was known as the ring as the mighty mow in the middle. A lot of puffy breed was just a dumb. Well, I don't want to use any epic dance. But when I get you in the ring, I'm gonna have my the lighter. I'm gonna have to walk through this door. Get out of here. I contended to challenge you to be a warrior that is champagne. Oh, I said get out of here. You don't scam me. Why I'll make me die. You're on part. Oh, you're a tough man. I'm not a tough man. I'm not a tough man. I'm not a tough man. I'm not a tough man. It's just for me. There is only one little soul. You're not for me. You're a tough man. The mighty, open, brave, and then and then and then and then. Look at you. I Euro, the Gatsuppi Bayanga system. You're a tough guy. Why are you on a scene? Why? You're a tough guy. I see you. You're a tough guy. You're a tough guy. I just got a... I'm just... Get ready to... It's 10 past 10 already. It's almost break time. You know that, but that was a good one for that business. About our whole lot of business. Anyway, see part of the problem with this whole... I guess what CNN has got before getting to this music thing, which that's an automatic tune out. Not her. Purpose of life would pause on again tonight at 10 o'clock. Special edition. Not that they're milking that thing at all in Atlanta. And whatever her name was. See how soon they forget what that was her name actually Smith. Yes. Always the guy's name again, the... Brian Nichols. I wrote it down. Me too. Yeah. I didn't like that. So like I said, a dandelive accident. Who are you, Kitten? You are just... You're fairie. You're just a little bit in dream world. I just... I can't... I'm so glad Bokobran put that on that desk. You're fairie. If that doesn't take you on a watch, then Gary Genn-Ross. You're fairie. Nothing will be quiet viewing. Anyway, here's the poll results from yesterday. 1437 votes. What's the most embarrassing thing you could have in your car house? They didn't like this poll too much. At least one or two people out there like chip with a phony name and a phony phone call. A picture of George W. Bush. What did I tell you? I moved up the ladder and it wasn't even on there. They're figuring the show. But most of the show. Picture a George W. Bush 287 wins hands down your pants. Blow up dial 225. But plug 215. She nail porn 141. Log jam in the bowl 106. Delbow 96. I play AconCD 71. My spouse 46. Is it good to talk? I'm very good to talk. Is it good to sing a moment? Yeah. Play Acon. Do you fairie? Um... Dolphins remember B.F.43. By-Wall 33. Car AirFreshnet 32. Back Street Boy CD 26. You're fairie. Preparation H23. Truck nuts 20. You're fairie. Play Girl magazine 19. You're fairie. My mother-in-law 18. 2. Pay 13. 8. Trapped Player 12. And Toy Dog 11. You're fairie. Out of 1437. Both are 56. We might just play that for four hours. You're fairie. I love that. Tiny Cooom is our beanie curtain today. They love me. I haven't even looked at the pictures because we've been so busy with this rocker roll hall of something. The reason and don't ever give me this crap about, I don't know anything about music for my taste in music is bad. That may be true in the last 20 years. Because when you're not working in music radio and when you're living in a market where they music is so bad on FM, it's pretty. And when there are no music videos, at least not when I'm in the States, what are you going to do? You know, even harder to keep the crap behind. If you don't know people who are searching constantly, then you're good. Right. Right. Where you're going to find good music in South Florida. Why does Cataloss track once I started working and doing this crap? But at any rate, take a look at the results of our pool. So far and I produce beyond the shadow without South Florida wouldn't know music if it's smacked and right in the head. And why say no one music? If you're going to know rock and roll, it has to be more than just like within your lifetime. Okay. Because rock and roll and the whole pop music thing, that goes back like 50 years. Some plus. Some of us are lucky it actually started in our lifetime. Well, whatever. Oh, look at that. There's some fine pictures. We got a whole series of pictures of a Heidi Cooom. Who is? Boy, I'm way behind here. That's okay. Well, catch up. Heidi Cooom born June 1st 1973 in Bergish, Godmacht, Germany. Godmacht. Ah. Here's some of her stuff. She's filming right now in all mad-beteu worlds. The life and death of Peter Sellers 2004. Ella in Chandett, James Bond 007, everything or nothing. Lloyd Rye, oops. Of 54. She was in 54. Yes, she was. As a matter of fact. Well, there you go. Heidi Cooom didn't have a big part. She was like, yeah, whatever. It was in 54. That's pretty marginal movie. Don't see it unless you want to see it. Some hot naked people. Yes. That's my suggestion. Are you crazy? You're fair, Rick. Come on. Anyway, it's a 10-14 already, Harry QA in. You got it. And now, the show, let's see antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government. It's the West Texas win. Dick. Condy. Thanks for coming by. Is there something wrong, Mr. President? Yes, Mr. President. You said it very concerned on the phone. Well, it's just that I've been doing a lot of soul search and lightly. So searching is never a good thing to do, Mr. President. I didn't anyway, Dick, and I've come to some conclusions. We were wrong to go to Iraq. We got to pull out our troops. And we can fix social security. And we must protect the environment for future generations. Sock. I got you out. Got you both. Yes, sir. We have no going, Mr. President. And they say I don't have the sense of humor. I think I'm having another heart attack. Oh, there's a... Look, look at this artist drawing of oil drilling in the Alaska wildlock preserve. Uh, uh, I feel better. Well, thank you, sir. Come back next time. Well, I've been around. Come cashals. You can serve in a view of our government in action. Only on the West Texas win. 20 after 10 at 5, 16 after an exam. Now this may not be the most important story of the day. But it's really kind of interesting. I bet you guys, Cortis is going to be all excited about this. Oh, Mr. David C. Food. What's my favorite, uh, lobster? No, no, I'm on the year. I'm talking about. Oh, see. This story from Boise Idaho, by all of this, Idaho National Guard have discovered a new species of ferry. Seel. Living in the off-dry lake, beds of old Idaho's desert. The headline, new ferry shrimp species found in Idaho. You're ferry. Stripped. They've, well, they look delicate enough to match their name. They're strong enough to survive unhashed for years in the baking heat of summer. And the frozen tender of winter until enough rain falls in the pools return. Once they awaken, they live in a few frenzyed weeks, mating and leading behind tiny, cis-like offspring, and then they die. It's a large predatory ferry shrimp. It's a large predatory ferry. Seel. This guy's about three inches long. Oh, please. That's huge for a ferry. Seel. By all of this day, in a quince, to delivering a press conference, and not seeing the amazing discovery. There are already about 300 species of ferry. Seel. Worldwide, quince, but only three other species, both the size of the newly discovered ones. Though the animals have been given a Latin name, Quince reluctant to reveal it until an article describing the species is published in a scientific journal, possibly the next winter. How do you like that? A new series of ferry shrimp. Wow. That's exciting in it. No. It's not. No, give it a try. What about this in the lighthouse? Okay. I don't like it in the lighthouse. I can't remember their hit-love grows where my rose merrily goes. Did they qualify? Was that their only hands? She wears some lovely hose. I'm making a pardon? What do you mean do they qualify? I'm asking you, Mr. Here's the pull question today. And of course, this is difficult because our audience, unless they went online, did a little homework, or did people are never going to do that. They don't know they rock a whole whole family. Where is it? It would take me hours to read, no, I'm not hours. But way too long to read the whole list. So if you're in doubt, you can just call and say, well, how about so and so? It'll kill some excellent time. But anyway, here's the pull. What? They'll kill it dead. I want them now. Look, I think the guy called in yesterday, and he was his idea and not to the bonus, just as early, but he just mentioned some blurring omissions from the rock and roll hall, for instance, I just read the article about the new inductees. And I thought this would be good. It is good. That gets you kind of angry. It gets your bloodbore. And if you would like some of these groups who are missing or individual artists, and again, this is an all-scriptly rock and roll. It's pop music and George wants to go through a big, song and dance about what really is rock and roll. What do you have to go by their criteria? No, we don't. Obviously, we're disagreeing with their criteria. That's why they're not disagreeing with their criteria. You're disagreeing with their criteria. That's what I'm trying to say is that it's just that the answer to a hard answer. If you were to look at the list that they got, for example, if Rendalee is in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, if Johnny Cash is in there, then certainly Marty Robbins ought to be in there, for example. Okay, Marty Robbins is not in there. Oh, that's country. Well, Johnny Cash never had one hit to the best of my knowledge that wasn't country. He was his country as it gets, right? And he's in there. Okay. I like Rendalee. Certainly wasn't rock and roll by your standards, but the fact that a matter is in terms of pop music in that back in the day, she was a rock and roll. Okay. Just tell him you're right now. Dr. Oh, please. He still did. Is it? And so he's what? Yeah, get out of here. He's still dead, Johnny. Okay. So here's the poll. Like the Roper art, it should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but isn't. I mean, if Edad James can be in there, what does Edad tell? I think even Dennis James has a better shot. Hope Edad James, my ass. Okay. Here's the list that we got so far. Should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, eight. Three dog night, 24 votes. Van Halen. And we only have 162 votes, which is pretty weak, because most of you people don't know who these groups are, who these people are. And again, it's not a question when you are born. It's a question of, do you really know popular music? That's the question. Because you got these pumps out there because they know James Edad Chan and they know J.R. And what about? Fudge time. That's great. Okay. But that's not knowing music. No. What's popular right now this minute doesn't mean you know music. Correct. I mean, you know, Schmidt. Okay. Anyway, three dog night, 24 Van Halen, 23. That's a good battle on Jim Crochi, 20. Got a nice race going on here. The car's 18 and the guess who 18, eight. We got a good race going on. You got a seven for, uh, yes, R.M. six. Oh, you like R.M. You must be eight. Wow. I love that. You're fair. Delviking's five, Jen and being five, the spinners for other spinners are so great. How could they not be in the project that the night is? Seriously, there should be a congressional investigation of this. Think it right. They should like blow Cleveland right off the map. Mark five for the village people three. You were laugh on. I said put them on there. Yeah. It's not a question. Who do we like? Who do we think are waiting for? They're not rocking roll by the stretch. Wrong. Your full of crannies. I like them in their day. Your full of crannies. You are full of satay RP. Okay. The roller skating days. I like them just. If Bobby Darren is rocking roll, then let me tell you right now the village people are rock and roll. All right. And Bobby Darren isn't a rock and roll, how the fame they are not. And there are however lot more people today who could tell you. Why I'm CA or and the Navy who know those immediately as opposed to say Bobby Darren. Now what do we know Bobby Darren? He's next to knife. Yeah, right? Be all the same. Be on the sea and that's pretty much it. I'm not saying they have other hits but that's it. Oh, dream lover. That was a great song. Right. Right. And Queen. What was it? Queen of the Hopkins and the Queen. Some good things. Two fairies. I have an all-off. Yellow has two. Stevia. These are people that had hits and hits and hits. Big fat. Oosing hits. He'll lose a perfect example of a bandit should be in there and why they're not. Navy win more. Which you know, I can. I'm not a huge but I am. He belongs in there. But he belongs to Newy's out of pair. The interest to George Michael two who had ten number one hits even though you don't think he belongs in there. It doesn't. I can't stand George. Michael he makes me want to physically get ill. But he belongs in there. What do you like him? Rock and roll. The whole question is in who this George like who's not in there. That's not the question. It says rock and roll. Metallica two. If you don't stop and man, I have just get that baseball that just splatter your brains with left them all over the wall. All over your cabinet. Metallica two. Motley Cruz got a pair. Sunny and Sheret two. She and I were 21. Blondie one under Ronstell. One around. That's one. Herman's Hermits one. Grand Funk Railroad one. Procal Haram one. Edgar winner group one. Johnny Rivers one. The Miracles one. The Bucky Hands one. None yet. Zero. Seriously. You people that are started voting for some of these before they come and take you away in a rubber night. No votes for Johnny Americans vanilla fudge. The crystals, the turtles, the Kingston trio, the King's Men Bobby V. Marty Robbins Bobby Rydell spelled wrong. And when star a little eve of the marvellous and the grassroots, which has been on there from the get-go since eight, fifteen when I first posted this poll on there, has got the big. There is something wrong with your musical taste. It's in your collective poca. There is something desperately wrong in South Florida. No wonder they don't play any good music on here because if they did you wouldn't recognize it anyway. The grass-breaking roots has since we had it on a zero. The only grass thing to about is in a big bowl and they're smoking it right now. Yeah. You fair. What is wrong with you people? Where is your knowledge? Where is your taste? Where is it that you know? Are you part of it? Where did you learn to praise it? Yeah, where did you learn to your trade is exactly right? Trade this. God. I'm embarrassed. I am humiliated even know some of these people. Dude man, nobody likes to get up in the morning. But let's face it. Party all night sleep all day makes Johnny one on a plate convenience store worker. That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock. Now when the beat beats here, just got ranting high decibels screams from today stop rock artists. You'll await the Bruce Springsteen and Joe Pocker. Chris Robinson from the Black Rose. And so the true comatosis sounds there's a who alarm. Well, that's a wink you have called them more gear warm food man. Studies show stove brains respond to the rock and roll alarm clock. Get it now and head bang your way into a new day. Speaking of Joe Pocker, what about him? The letter? He below the other. He belongs to under tuned speed and the letter. What about the box top? Stay ahead of few hours. They're not on here. No. Let's see. We have to list. So we have the advantage over the audience. He's going to have to guess. And I look at the list. I'll guess what's already on there. But thanks anyway. Or guess what? You're right. That belongs to on here. And what's going on here? Let's have a congressional investigation. Let's have a meeting of the UN. Huh? What to say? Okay. And raise some holy hell. I see the grassroots finally got a pair. No, it's just I'm sorry. I just have no tolerance for this kind of swirl. Because that's all I've heard for so many years now. How many years have I heard this? I've heard nothing about music, New York. If you're the tasteers in your tissue of the worst taste in music, you're right. I forgot more about music than most of you will ever know. And if I remember, it's then I'd really be dangerous. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. This is a good start. Mm-hmm. Powerful. WDQAM. All right. I know. I'm voice. So this could be a start. Yes sir. Yes sir. You didn't start the junior and the newest nomination by our great president? About one. Mr. for the head of the world bank? Yeah. Mr. Pawpool. Wofu. Yeah. I can't believe it. Why did you call him Mr. Pawlu for what? I don't want to get out of here. I don't want to get out of here. I don't want to get out of here. Go get your Wofu. What's some of that grease stuff to put in this here? Some of that grease informer. I thought it was good to say that. I'm going to say that. Again, some of that shoe policy that Ronnie Reagan used to wear. It was clear right in. Or maybe just some good skittle will do it a work in a movie pretty good. 560560. Mr. Pawlpool for what? Well thank you Mr. Carre and have a wonderful day. You're fairie. WM hello. Hey Neil. What's popping? Yes sir. What are you guys? Hey. When were you talking about video puk yesterday? Video puk? Video waves. Oh yes, sir. Hey. I went there a couple of horns a long time ago. What was that for that guy? I saw. Back in the day. Hey. You were saying that that guy in Mitch was nuts. What was up with that guy? Anyways. He was nuts. What made him nuts? Truck nuts. Truck nuts. Yeah. You got another thing. When you shave your head, do you use these shoes or a razor? No. I have to. Not a razor or a shears. I have like a real barber's a razor. Oh my god. One of those sharper image deals. In fact, it's like real short now. And it is so comfortable. It's just it's fantastic. So if it like smooth from smooth inner, yes. No. It's just real real short. Like a number one they would say in a barber shop. Like a barber shop. I'm getting still have real hair. Yeah. I said I shave my head out. I shave it. Low and number one. It's like a. Well, this is also below. But I would never grow back to here again. This is so much more comfortable. Man is the way to do it. Oh yeah. But when you go to the windy day and you don't have to worry. Like looking at mirror and see if your hair is like all in play. If you got a lot of hair, that's great. Then you can do something with it. But when you don't, when you're all dotoring full like me, you walk around love is it's great. Yeah. Nice to meet you. I'm 10 days younger. Yeah. If you should have a great day. Okay. How many QAM? Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I have once for your list. I agree with most of everything that's on your list. Except you're missing the winner, which would be Chicago. If Chicago is not in. Oh. I got a winner. I got a winner. Oh my god. You are sir. Absolutely. Oh my god. I will remember the same again. This is what is this tattoo? Yeah. What is this tattoo about the Crocodile fame, huh? These people should only croak a wicked nasty miserable death. I mean, I'm talking about pain, baby. Right. You're talking about their criteria. Obviously they don't have much. Now I'm just talking about their glaring omissions. I mean, there are some of these you could argue about for hours. Is there any argument from even Josh there who would know Chicago from Springfield, Illinois? From Dusty Springfield Illinois. You know Chicago, don't you? I did a little bit. Yeah. Well there you go. See even Josh Cortis who's a punk who just got back from jury duty yesterday and wasn't called again and getting pretty peot about it, getting tired of it. Even he knows some Chicago. How do you like that? He was born about 10 minutes ago. Like one of them, a best-ringed, very shrimp. You're fair. Yeah, that's it. Then. I'm not going to go through all of this again. I mean, they got so many hits we could go from there. Until midnight, not even scratch the surface. I'm not talking about just hits like marginal like one over here and one over. I'm talking about gigantic huge bloody bruising hits. Bid. Tusted back. They wrote most of their own music in the radio musicians. I mean, forget about that. Then, Terry Cat. So, I wouldn't miss be far. Don't do it here. Or listen to all that. Or listen to all that. All of it. Yeah. All right. Hi. I'm seriously. That call was the best call we've ever had in the show. Thank you, sir. You've made my life complete. Holy moly. I wonder who the president is of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. You're fair, exactly. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Chicago. I mean, why would anybody think of a group like that, right? Yeah, right. Really? When you got such important people in here as Brenda Lee and a little really John and Ruth Amirl. The moon glows. Oh, there's a body rate. Oh, God. Yeah. Please give me a string. Jimmy Reed. Gene. Oh, my Gene, thanks a lot, sir. Who's up there, one's out here. Muddy waters. If you're over the age of 100, you remember Muddy waters. Ma Rainy. Uh, the Dells. There's another one from 100 years ago that nobody remembers. Even just barely the Dells. The Dells Vikings, they didn't make it, but the Dells, they're in there. They're in there. They're close to show you that these people are communist. Okay, all over Little Evanna, sweetwater and highly. I want to argue people rolling down your windows like Howard Beale would say right now. Common East, that common East, that common, there is a communist conspiracy going on right now. My God. What is wrong with these people? Jesus. I already played that one. Try this. And then, of course, back during election time, I think I was a, I remember one of one. So I was playing this. And if they're right into it, right back in the LA, Jesus, when it came out, it's right into it. It'd be if not more than everybody was all pissed off and fired up and rightfully. So now it's like, oh, what's that? What was that? What do you think about it? Man, oh man, what? People are just, the brains are fried. Oh, yeah. I was a mister. But the way the things are going on. But then, the Dells, they'll see it to me. And the Dells. Terry did do again, damn it. It's a rot-acquette position. Hey, Terry, don't do it again. You're fairy. Twenty-four- eleven. See, that's one of those that if you play at 100 times instead of like, we're not against Better each time. You're fair. Oh, yeah. Oh, at the rest of it, though. Now, but you do. After we've played the get-to-chalk one, the whole thing. Twenty-four-the-hour, QA, and I'll see. Let's look at that line up today. We got more Howard David. Now, I don't understand this. This is at Edwin Watts, 12,000-one. West sunrise Boulevard, Pentea, and it's where I'm always doing the show today. What is Edwin Watts? It's a golf shop. A golf shop? That's right. Moe with, I guess, yeah, we got mad dog doing shows at supermarket. So why not have mode doing show from golf shop? At least, you know something about it. Mad dog from 4-6-65, then we got Rutgers at UM baseball with Joseph Gekke and the, B-6-55 followed by the award-winning Eddie K. Show. A skirking up line, so Marl-Nade said that's not you an expert. There's a legend for rap on here. It's put for you, by 66. You wait. America loves to watch boobs and butts and biking. Ladies and gentlemen, to keep our economy growing, America must reward corporate criminals, and I have done so. Because they society is measured by how it treats the weak and vulnerable. We must punish the efforts and dreams of entrepreneurs, especially for women and minorities, and our urge collar is to punish hardworking people who want only to provide for their families. But most of all, I have a message for every American who is 55 or older, our social security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time. In the next four years, we must mass murder. Those now retired are nearing retirement. Our aim is to kill many, and best of all, the leader of this nationwide effort will be our first lady, Laura Bush. Thank you and may God bless you, and may God bless you. 1046. 14 for 11 at 5.60 WDQM. We've got a dozen for Chicago already. Just one hundred only moments ago, right? Right. And we've already got a dozen boats. How do you like that? Good. Let's hope they beat Van Hilling. Oh, let's hope. How to date up a one other? No, but we just hate Van Hilling, like boys, thanks. I'll put some free up. Anybody with any taste hates them, I'm crazy. You are my love in my life. All right. You are my beautiful face. I'm going to tell you right now that Van Hilling, Van Hilling, bastard, not con Jim Mandage. Anyway, shape, or form would be like, Yeldy's saying that Bill Hewitt was a lousy hockey announcer. It's just, there's just something basically wrong. You know what I'm saying? It's, it would be like Chris Morrison, that's great, Kewsick just didn't do a great game. It's just, it's nauseating. It's disgusting. And only in South Florida, only in a backwater, bushling place, could such swill, coaxially go on. Anyway, here's the fact from chip whose real name is chip. He says you and George know that I was absolutely correct or uninsteaded as pool. About what? What does that mean? Oh, what do we say, incident? He said it sucked. It was a bad idea. It was not a bad idea. Oh, I see. It was not a bad idea. We had about 50 out of reverse. So when it was fine, it was no more less than most of the polls we take as far as the response it was fine. And we do not agree. No, we don't agree. Today though, he's seen something he likes or therefore makes it good. It's just like you. You ought to get together with chip right. Today is something you stick your teeth into so to speak. Well, I got news for him. How long are we response and yesterday's pool over again on this one? We had, by the time we started to pull the show yesterday, we had 200 votes on the pool. And here we are. It's almost 11 o'clock. What do we got? We got the 301, which is nothing right home about. It's pretty weak if he asked me chip anyway. Then he says, Harry, the drunk, Neil said, and now he's got a skull wrong. Now he asked, did he speak? To talk with Neil. And I said, let's money. And then I asked workers to give some bonus options. That's why we have on commonwealth suppliers. I went to scratch. Phone won't hurt. It's expensive. Oh, my sister, we got 25 for 50 email. Have scouts to tell us about the technical support. That's something he knows about. So there's got robots involved. Yes, let's go. at least if it's going to like to a spell right now here's a good one on the facts it says the one hit wonder Lloyd personality price is a member that's right person now and by the way that record i could be wrong but i think it was about a minute and forty seconds long it was one of the shortest really no no seriously it was one of the shortest hits in the history rock and roll first and now they they definitely under two minutes and then that was it that was a medley of his smash i mean anybody in the air rock and roll hall of fame any of the musicians with the other people who vote next to a voter for Lloyd price you fair that's how we can say to you but the pride of ten of fly high in ten of flying in the New York no and i see her again ten of fly there is no ten of flying New York it's ten of flying New Jersey my roommate in college was from ten of flying New Jersey so i happen to know something about that although and let's see now see born in New York city raised in ten of flying New Jersey so once again what's wrong with the fastest from people i would agree with a fast just a fact please if the information correct absolutely incorrect sir the pride of ten of fly high in ten of flying New Jersey Leslie Gore says looking at the list there are very few women in the hall of considering the influence Cleveland had on early rock and roll there are very few nineteen sixty members it appears to be so far are you job now you get more my life I'm a little bit correct okay but get right I feel like that Leslie Gore is not on there let's put her on what do you say okay you don't think so i don't take another one you're going to vomit when i tell you but she definitely had a lot of big hits and she was certainly from a feminist standpoint and a woman Helen ready i hate Helen ready don't start attacking me but the fact that the matter is Helen is ready since okay so green with that is Helen ready you're fairy yeah not disagree with that at all i mean I agree with everything that you said i didn't like her okay i'm not only didn't like her couldn't stand her and her whole bull-like feminist over the top of you know nothing wrong with feminism but i just should just shove in a time that's your way and a little bit of a little over the freaking time you baby she had a lot of big and delta dawn right and she baby what is that flower what is what flower yes i don't know if it's a song i am woman yes you are anybody out there who didn't put their guts out of that song i am woman here maybe a whore i don't know how to love him peaceful she'll bull-bucket full of his man or Helen ready sure leave me alone ruby red dress oh will leave you alone i'll ruby red dream again i'll keep on singing emotion eight no eight no way to treat a lady yeah i got a book yes okay i'm going to say boy what you know all the i sure don't know all the hell Helen friend he's sort of fair and what do you mean i can't even decide about book i got my bull-bucket crazy she's just more whine oh from Helen right now i would have i would have told you delta dawn and i am woman this have been the only two of the base smack me yeah i wouldn't i don't remember that it was number one by the way i know you're embarrassed with that and so and you should be no i don't know thanks for the guy to call this your condo that could be the one with zooming up for the softest your condo is great i'm going to tell you right now this is the truth you can like your vanilla ice cream you can like uh whatever you want you can like hip hop oh that's pretty marginal but anybody that doesn't like Chicago their music you your taste is deep inside your uh colon man you don't like them you don't like music that that is that is put as well as you can put it if you don't like Chicago you don't like music how do you like that and okay so it wasn't hard rock and it wouldn't have played it on she and yani yani yani but but it also wasn't like well i mean some of the stuff was a little on this syrup beside you know nothing wrong with that right even for example old bands and the artist had the ballads and the right i mean this was this one was pretty syrupy right i like it depressing but i like it right very depressing enough to make you like put it under your hands the good news about this is that like you can do a two minute talk about you know you can read a weather forecast and then on the other hand for yeah on this was syrupy too sure but it's good it's a little bit stronger sing over all day i think all day i think all day i think that i'll do it you are such a pin in the ass you have no idea i do it however you are like it's a key this chef what ? six oh i'm Sorry didn't even know? it's a two this chef making糹 before the festival no days of ci onde in hurry up oh no当 or stuff like a lock I'm gonna beat Van Halen's pants off okay? I don't want to hear about the FN and Magic Stocks and we know that. Okay? A lot of you people out there waste a lot of money on a lot of crap okay? Instead of betting on those ball games like Hank's always trying to talk you and do it. Like going and playing the slots like I'm trying to talk you and do. Go out there and buy some music okay? Get an iPod, get you a Sony Walkman, get you like a real CD that gets you a one of those bull games. Go to a one of those bull deals with a CD deck in it, right? And go on and get a CD burner and burn a bunch of stuff burn one. Burn a big fat one. Try out loud. Let's see, Nirvana. Oh! Yeah, they're going on there. They have something? I'll see here, here's the difference between you and me. I absolutely agree. Even though I think Nirvana is like absolutely the opposite of Nirvana. You're representing me. Why? going to I have a definition of rock and roll I don't want to hear we don't want to hear a drive I'm not excluding people just I don't want to agree with them we're like the George Michael thing I mean walk and roll let me say it again we're not interested in your definition or George's definition we're interested in the standards that the rock and roll Hall of Fame has you they have and if we look down the list and we see people like brand the lead it's not a question of is it real rock and roll it's a question of see things evolved over period of time and that's it's popular music popular it should be called the pop music rock and roll Hall of Fame but it isn't but nevertheless that's the thing okay that's the criterion right well I'm not changing my definition we don't we don't care because the poll isn't about George's rock and roll Hall of Fame if you want to do one of those one they win your on that's fine right go ahead but this is not the George Rodriguez Hall of Fame you know rock and roll Hall of Fame I mean is Ricky Nelson rock and roll maybe once upon a time he was considered yeah that a ricky why are you crazy yeah very well said look at the middle ancient he wasn't that long ago it wasn't get out and her Rick Nelson before he finally smoked a big fat one up there what have it held where did if you two lines to many that plane what the hell was his last hit he was doing a garden party I was playing that on the air I think conzetta yeah that was rock and roll that garden party is garden party is rock and roll was up that was a drama man in rock and roll by your standard you are so wonderful day let's see his last hit was in like I said 72 okay that's three years that's a lot of men like I said he was a long he died when how did he die he was born in tinnacle jersey died 85 well he had like a long he had a fog dry spell you know that's a long dry nerve and okay please play into the eyes of the kids that still and the good one we can't play anymore so why don't you even bother you know can't play the good stuff just to forget about just just the cherries the memories oh chair association are they in here there and out of the association and we agree on that don't waste we do totally count now see there you go you just use this it's stuff to be in our room you just your shirt yourself in the right them no it and because the the association all of their music was popular music there was nothing that they ever recorded that well long comes Mary maybe like that's rock and roll but cherries cherries is that pretty seroppy baby we're ready to have a honest syrup if you were anywhere near rock I mean if you had their pancakes with real butter like actually was awesome a couple of days go there in Atlanta you could have heard that syrup right on top of the association the song is it's not about that at all hey on your horse racing fans and poker players competent park racing and poker as all the gambling action you could ever want to then some just a half miles from both I 95 of the turn pack pop of the park features free admission for general parking every day live harness racing in the polka room of interview Monday wins day like today Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon and goes on November night live racing it's at a way nightly 725 PM and coming up this Saturday March 19, the park wants to thank all of you for your support in the passage of the slot machine vote with the victory party this Saturday the park will have a special cake cutting ceremony in live music and it'll be coordinate with all race programs wrapped your hot dog sodas popcorn and more all only 25 cents each there also be free miniature horse rides for the kids it's their way of saying thank you for your support so come celebrate with our 25 cent night this Saturday even I'm a show up for this party but don't build your breath it's almost as good as free spaghetti dinner night pop at a park of lock center landing Boulevard on powerline road for the curr racing schedule called 954 972 2000 or on a wicked web it's pop at a park dot com if you talk real nice tell me even let you sit in fat which is tier pop at a park horse power you can plunge on you I'm Joey B formerly of Joey B in the style I am also founded of the rock and roll rest home where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars you love so much in the past but whose lives have been destroyed by broken record companies stars like Mr. D clock over here you can flame Lee C why we need your help over here we have Daniel Pettis who sang rhythm for the govones every now and then I tried it help out it's okay we show you a support by sending your checks to 442 when whatever you in so sit our email address is run to week dot swan for more information just call the wood floor 5-789 thank you on guests who's getting 10 grand boys and girls who form our hostage actually Smith good don't forget we got Paul is on the night ten o'clock the purpose of life and all other crap they're plugging it over you and on seeing so they can bring you to god bring it to the lord okay and I can put a lot more that guys booked a chester where's the Hawaiian shirts former hostage Ashley Smith who out police peacefully captures suspected line of courthouse killer brine nickels with those delicious pancakes made with real butter will receive ten thousand dollar reward from the state of jodje governor sunny perdu was announced and we sure love his chickens don't we as a captain of a suburban and let apartment on Saturday morning Smith said he gained the confidence in the government of the government of the country's and that's the time to make us a glad we know that Smith said to get nipple trust by talking about her five year old daughter about god and hope he later gave himself up out to police outside her apartment there's no word on whether sure receive any of the other reward money offered the case including twenty grand from the FBI twenty five grand from the west market service and five grand from the jodje sheriff's association but let me tell you right now as chicago would say this is only the beginning series of the story of the speaking tour the god squad tour as the prime time tour and the talk show of the talk show circuit tour the real time boy interviews right all of the students are the talk show these if she can talk that guy out of cover her oh yeah that's right and not only that but he can put Martha Stewart to change she can she can look up a back at him pancakes while she's talking up a great storm about the world the new Martha Stewart pressure writer we can have a cooking and religion channel now here's what we got here's what we got the poll so far I love to see I love these but the audience hates him so inspired by chips says see if chip tells us a good good poll that means we got nobody listen maybe a piece of or actually bad who put what why did joys do that do whatever he wrote yesterday whatever's real right that means that work cooking would get somebody poll ideas has he's a bit of a zero right probably zero I look at this we got all just changed again how many votes we got three sixty three you see it's not that big of a deal when I you like I like it to chip I'm not trying to be argumentative with it because I think it's a great poll and I thank the color of the quality of the inspired me and I think especially they got a call with Chicago if we went over looked at we were shot you know or at least with horses or they should take a soland like boss office and I'll scream at us you're fairie like that she was in here this morning again I don't know why I just can't get the message across and don't take it personal as you want to you ruined it off of my days already bluff okay I don't like people like ruin my day see that's one of the reasons I'm far away is that I want to have somebody ruin my day see what I'm saying which of course rhymes with your fairies just leave me alone okay I have no need to speak to you every morning I can do this show without a pat on ahead I've been doing this a very long time and anytime you come in there or clearance many of these other little interlopers there's always the possibility that you've got a stir up some crap I don't want to hear about it semi a memo semi a fact semi an email put out a note in the bottle put it in the ocean maybe it looks like I said the other day wind it's way up into Lake Ontario and I'll find it on the beaches somewhere this leave me alone because you you contribute nothing the zivity do dot to my life just aggravation in angst and you've done it if it happened once I would have said well you know anybody can like make a bad the judgment but but this has happened how many times have I gone through the same routine on the air at least at least at many times I don't like people ruining my day or because because they're emotional cripples and they want to share their hysteria with me if you want to be hysterical great go right ahead have a great time for running around in the hall of one like that you have a good time I just leave me out including when I'm there very soon I'll be there I want no part of it what group or artist should be in a rock and roll hall of fame but isn't Van Halen 54 Chicago 34 I'm reading from list a few minutes ago three dog night 34 guess who 27 Jim Crochi 26 the car 23 r a m 15 oh my god if you like r a m you must be a call just to mine was so idiot what if I liked our year before I knew that they were gay because I was in addition which thanks mr president for those low gas prices wow how do you like this pretty soon gonna be too much to go thank you so much mr president for hooking up that hose yes talk up I can't even hear it what that call yes for the call he's in a barrel off the MP3 of the talica 14 Leonard Skinner 10 spinners nine yes nine hellvickings nine ELO eight village people eight blondie seven seven six year seven Jan and Dean seven under Ron set six anywhere of a six day park five six day park five six grassroots five I want to cry and I did cry and all of the judges the ventures Ron has grandfather proclamation for three of three for cv one winward it's winward you quizling you idiot not winward winward okay she's the winward what is wrong with you fairie yeah oh oh speaker that to fair George Michael three your van of two dating Americans too so j uh black is married to Mitch Lewis's sister Hank had a little trivia the twig those of all man he knows the ins and he has ha we who'd I say Lewis old Mitch ween between I want to swore he said Mitch Lewis pretty sure it was we now because I heard that before Mitch weenies sister is as married to j black he has a sister you know who's older than dirt should I explain not the crew the turtles Kingston trio they got two they got a pair firmman's vermin's got one Edgar one a group Bobby V. had when started miracles and the fucking MC tab one and no votes yet for the association Helen ready Leslie Gore I mean he got you know he sends a fact in it is even vote for it Harry Nelson chip same thing chip if you're gonna like you know foistery Nelson on at least vote for it box tops Edison Lighthouse the crystals the Kingsman the Kingsman have no votes oh tragic they invented brat I want to tell you something right now if there's any song that is more widely recognized in the world than Louis Louis you tell me what it is I don't know is it happy birthday no I'm talking about a commercial song that's more widely right now is it done and we don't I don't know you're right I'm a great man there's no sex animal no matter where you go from hamster and to Berlin to Toronto to Montreal to if you have salante everywhere in between they're playing Louis Louis I mean come on man Bobby Robbins Bobby right they'll spelled wrong it's a wine out of the eye but you know we've got to even the marvelous have none just and right oh yes I'm throwing away taxes that are suggesting things that we are either already have on the poll or are already on the hall of things okay and that's fine just so you know Bobby right over the line I little Eva's got an issue of course did the original recording of the locomotion which is done by grandfunk in the many other people have done it and and I don't think I do like the grandfunk recording but nobody ever did like little Eva I agree can we agree on it and I think that was great I like grandfather and she was a man he was a man he was a man he was a man he was a man he was a man and the record producer forget who it was signed a up and she did the thing well you go to a thing believe a boy brown whatever name was I can look it up if you want my book see I'm not gonna sit or pretend I all off the light like that thing with Helen ready you had to be joking up his amazing out of the press well you're letting it up a place she was born and they'll have an North Carolina June 2943 discovered by singer oh I see here you go and I was wrong how to make she was a babysitter I was like excuse me I was close Carol King and Jeffrey Gough in discovered her while babysitting their daughter Louise Gough and she was singing up a storm and hey this bitch can really sing and here you go keep your hands off my baby let's turkey trots waiting on the star with big D. R. R. and a little Eva and of course the locomotion I did just mention it in passing oh locomotion that's somebody else yeah who knows from little Eva to fair right we don't know who that is seriously if you're gonna study up on music and pretend you know something about I'm a kid deal with the I'll start listen to hip hop not if you start like you know going out and researching some real music for like the sixties and six these and seventies that was really once you got to the middle eighties yeah forget about it mostly crap are the radio anyway that's when it all started to go there separate ways when radio and music went there separate ways not let's see a band has to be over 25 years old we consider to see a dump no man no man I got a dump no man a band has to be over 25 years old we can see I didn't know that will be more careful I guess yeah I guess we have to be a hell of a lot more careful that we put anybody else on air who's fairly new on a thing so and of course if it's going to be over 25 years old what's this audience going to know about it how about the nineteen ten fruit come company I disagree let's see well Kurt Kobe you've been to be a record some new tracks pretty soon let's see how they start when the hell there was nervous first hit ninety one so they don't even come close to 25 so actually they don't belong on it but look believe mind just to give you a pun something to deal with okay something to secrety to do right okay oh there is a here there is all right I'll write don't know for that a little folder no i wonder if I can find where theời hold your horses a second. Amy Grant, oh yeah, grandfather, oh we're an American fan of a 74. March 30, 19, 17, more as number one for two weeks. Real emotion by Grant Pumpkin. Yes, the word American, van 73, 18, 173. Some kind of wonderful, bad time. Grant Pumpkin is great. From Flint, Michigan, by the way, a home of Michael Moore. And a home of an example, a place where that lady lived, whose kids got the gun and shot the little girl. Remember that? Yeah, I'm sure, a no. Bowling for Columbine. Well, I can't find them on here. Well, why not? How can you not find Grant Pumpkin? Railroad on. Could it might not be over here? I'm not actually having the CD here. So during the break, I might check it out. Oh, how about a David and a child? We got a little Jacob. Hey, see her. Her swell is what we've heard of. My daughter's in tickets, you know. She waits for the first to just mirror my picture. But she'll have to put some more says on the photo. Oh, why you didn't miss the wellest CD? How do you do? Welcome to my show. Can wait, what a wonderfully glistening body of Wakey. Do have so. Joycey boy, huh? Yeah, I'm for Brooklyn. The guidance spotted a while in the day. Except that I've died in Beth Beach with the van fission. You have by the way, something to do. You're in that business room. Yeah, you know how it is. Did you ever wake with the Raymond of the bird? No, I didn't know he was gay. He was gay. It was hot to believe, but they're gay. So, you know, when I drive home, I have to pull off the road to think about this. You know, you know, Joycey movie, you hit a bomb. They've reduced. Well, thank you, Mr. Willis, for this aluminum cool. Yeah, Mr. Percinole. How do you like from he Bruce Willis for it? They agree. I love it. He's so stupid. You're gay. You're very. It's 1120. And five, 16, every come. You're going to be just discussed it when you hear like some other one here. Oh, no. Yes, to the qualified. Not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. It's a main race. I mean, like that. They are. They're holding the fair. I'm a year friend. They're cold as ice. Oh, not for them. I'm not the rock and roll. All the things. Great. One of my very favorite groups was a great group in history. We should probably maybe one of the top 10 groups of all time. If I do it, that's the basis of it like for them. Oh, well, don't be afraid. No music now. The one's kids for F.C. Let's see. Here's one. It says the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has five categories. Performers early influences non performers, side men and life time and human. Yes, I have all those right here. The list. The only one this, Jockey, Alan Freed is in the hall. Dick Clark is there too. Well, Dick Clark was also a district. So what does it say in the might as a listen, radio, DJ, that that that you know something this is right. It's right. Although I think Wolfman Jack is in there. Let me see. I don't see him. No. What do he be in there under? Different. No. Jack. Wolfman. Jack the Wolfman. Now he's not in there. I don't see him. I would have sworn that I read that he wasn't there. But non performers, you got Paul Akerman. You got a bunch of people I have no idea. Dave Bartholomew. A lot of producers in a Dick Clark Tom Donahue Alan Freed. Jerry Goughlin and Carol King. Very gory. Junior. I mean, is there any talent, dojo and Holland. Jerry Leighburn, Mike Storler. George Martin. Producers. Sam Phillips for example. Phil Spectre. How's Phil going? That's it. But that's a very good point. Mori the K. Daniel Grum, Wolfman Jack on steel Larry Loujek or LA Great Robert W. Morgan. Could be considered for the non. You know, that's an excellent point. Very good. The rock and roll hal of shame. I mean, that's what he calls it. You're right. It says yes and apply is in New Jersey and I vote. I know that. Didn't it? It's in a fun New Jersey. I pizza there. Let's say for your pull also the monkeys as much as I love ELO says a K whoever K is and that's a good one. Even George would agree with that. Yes, I would. The monkeys. Hey, hey, a list as long as you're armed. Right. As long as you're leg of the tribe. To be able to live. Never the life. They were whatever about it. A couple of variations. I mean, Peter Torque was a musician. And they were also. I was actually. Huh? They learned how to play eventually. Yeah. But I mean, they made some good music. They did. And they had a, and was a tremendous plus. See, part of this is the got to be the influence they had. No, with the TV show and all the novel and unique stuff they tried in the TV show and did. Right, right there. Even at a low would do it. See what I'm saying. The fact that for an or an Chicago or not in this list and for an or by the way, the first it was in 77. So don't give me the 25 year limit routine. That's like almost 30. That's 28 years. So they definitely, you know, sitting, but they're not in there. So they must not be Schmerin the right hands or pockets or wallets or something like that. I'm truly industry. The record industry has everything to do with. Yeah, who gets in and who. Oh, I already told you the other day how they, the, the musician. They vote for themselves. Remember we had the list of the, the 2005 and duck these, which was what inspired this folder all that we're doing right now. Musicians and composers and writers. It's in other words, it's a mutual cluster thing. You know what I'm saying? I guess my dream. Right. Sorry, but five six seven. Five, sixty pound five, sixty on a Verizon and sing it a wireless lines. W Q a m. Hello. Me? Yes, I am. I love your show, man. I was thinking about the name that might, I would think of two beyond there. I got three names that I'll give you one. I mean, welcome up and see if they're on there. Okay. Bad company. Bad company is not on here. What about lover boy? What about lover boy? You remember? You remember? Wait, they all, well, I don't know. What about 38, 38 special? They belong on there. Ooh, I love 38 special. And you know what they're not on here. I'll let me see. Is that 25 years though? 38 special? I know bad company should be. They're going around for a while. Oh, I'll be. Oh, I'm not going to wait. No, because there's no question about 38 special. Their first hit was 81, so 20. They're getting close, but they don't qualify yet. They're moving up. I love your show, Neil. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. I think you said that. Thank you. Speaking of places you should cargo. How about, oh, wait. Wait a minute. If you're going to tell me that Kansas is out on here. I'm going to fall down. They're not on there. Kansas. I don't like that. Absolutely. Oh, my God. So Kansas is not on here. Oh, my goodness. I'm sure they meet the 25 year requirement. Of course. Kansas. My God. Are you kidding me? What is wrong with you? You're fairie. Let's see. Why would we just want to be sure? I guess, because then we'll get some nipagron. Well, Kansas, they're first there with a ride. Okay. Come on. Let's see, 77, not even close 28 years. They've got to buy three years. They've got a big fat margin in there. Okay. Oh, right. I'm dying out of here. I'm going to be the new format. We're going to be playing all the rock and roll Hall of Fame inductees and then those who ought to be in there. Now that we have to throw in the town, otherwise we lost a dolphin rights and we have to turn the yvonne go over to the Van La Bastard and Stu got. And hopefully it will be a close round of life, 65 years old, and then a new Roger. The truth. I wrote my note to the MCC. I told him all about what the ball of envy. If when I was done, Mac is with lots of ideas to grab a new election five. Christian friends, for ain't nobody here with us, Christian. Come on, the knockers and the doll at all. We're engaging with men. The bag is even where it's going to provide the windows today. Or out at the end of the night, heard it's sad when games don't cheer you up with you. Just do what you say, it makes it for all the glimmering and jamming. And down to the floor, the wild and wild things. I get to sit on the brist in the old cars that are so undersized that it's almost gone. So we're promoting here but there's Christian. In the closet, they have free stream balls. We've found the boldle, well, they get the critical way. When we wag our fingers in your face, we're out at the end of the night. But it's sad we're games don't cheer you up with the doing. Just do what you say, it's for all the girls on the fly. Don't you do what we do with just do what we say. Okay, 20 to no. I got the load on here. I'm going to print it out and read it about the holiday near Oldest List down and who put some on the list, etc. Okay, this is just in case. And again, the 2005 inductees, buddy guy. What? That's right. We're going to move the guitar as buddy guy. We talked about this yesterday. You know what I'm going to show you? What a guy he was. He was right after that. Wasn't here. What are you talking about? Oh, sorry. He was doing jury duty. He was doing jury duty. He was standing by the sea if he would be selected. They took one look at him and said, oh man. You're fair. Hey look what I found. What do you find? And I don't dislike this group. I don't think you're gay for life either. We were just talking about them. I think yesterday. Got it, man. Pretty sir. We only had one hit. Got another one. And here is your deal. I know. What's your calling? Yes, right. From that soap opera. Right. No, I didn't say the only hit one hit. I said they only hit one that I liked. Two hits. Baby come back. And this time I'm in for law. And I don't have to look that up because I know that it's pretty easy to remember a pair. I had the A track of that. I'm going to shame to say that by I did. That's all right. Didn't some of the same actual A track players in our cars back in the day? Yeah. And the same. I had a portable A track player. Well, there you go. That's even more tacky. And I carried it around in my car. I see. Well, I can say that is. You're fair. Um. I didn't see. I hadn't ELO A track for what it's worth. Really? You said it. Holy moly. See, who's a fraction for all. What do I have to say? I just turned it down. I thought I was turning it down. Oh, here. See, that's a loud voice. Okay. Even a steady sound. Anyway, yeah. That's a line for four. I see. How about cream or fave in the run there? A dork in the nominos. Are they on there? Dork in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? Fave in the nominos? I am not on there for around the list. Got it? We got it. Boston. Boston's been around over 25 years, right? Feels like they had. This feels like they'd been around much too long i'm a matter of fact. I like what they played the hell out of. Let me take a puket. Okay. In fact, let me before I do that. Can I just read you the thing? Okay. Where is it? I thought I just printed the name thing out about the requirements. Frank Barsilon know. from your talent agency in Seymour Stein, Chairman of Sarah Records, or inducted in the lifetime achievement of non-performer category. In the one yesterday, I have it here somewhere about how they do it and where our heritage. The foundation's nominated committee composed of rock and roll historians, select nominees each year in the artist category, ballastor then sent to an international voting body of about 700 rock experts. Rock experts, okay? Uh-huh. Whatever, whatever, what do I have to them? Artists become eligible for induction 25 years after the release of their first got that. Okay. I also have sent to an international voting body of about 700 experts. Well, who the hell is an expert? Uh-huh. Let's Rick Shaw, okay. He's an expert. I don't have Ricky Tiki on there but he doesn't get a vote. Let's see Boston. First hit, 76, 20, uh, when they were sold American, and I'm not even close. They're not on there, put him on the list. We got it. We got it. Oh, I'm going to say, yeah. Kansas. Let's see. Here's what it says, yeah, back. I don't think so. View? No, I mean, no. Not for the rock, you will call a fame. Ever since like in Palmer, we're going to be done that. Are you on there? No, yes. I would agree they belong on there. They belong on their big time. They belong on their, ever since like in Palmer. See, we're going to leave Josh Turbara on it. It's chair and type. It should be for somebody, you know, like at a voter to be on that trip back. Uh, how about Boston? Well, there's two for Boston. We just said it. And then it says, then Halen rules. There's Charles in Lardard, above the sea. Another fact said, Rush, Rush is not been around 25 years. I see. You can get out of here. Think it's worth looking up. You want to rush to judgment on this? Okay. Let me look it up. They might have been. Yeah. Let me look out to window, okay? See if they're here. Rush. Uh, there's Run DMC. Rush hard rock in a trio formed in Toronto. Get a lead. Halen. Not even close. Sorry. First the record 82. That sounds like 13 years to me. I know my Rush, Mr. Yesterseldo. Oh, and how about how about I don't believe this is unacceptable. In fact, there is a website where to try to like get this individual into the rock and roll all the fame. Todd Rungren. Yeah, well, you don't agree with that. He belongs to Greenwood Todd Rungren. You've already done there. Yes. He belongs to Under. That's what I'm agreed with. Large party of work. 1970. He's got the people as a producer as an artist. There you go. And so let's get Todd Rungren on and see how Josh spells that. Yeah, Rush only since 82. So I've got that. Here's a thanks from Mark. But what it has? I don't know three years. What? You said 13 this. 23. Who about Rush? I'm sorry. That's right. How time flies when you're having fun. 23, not 13. Excuse me. Well, listen, when you get to be my age, you try to like convince him. No, sure about what I can't do now. And then you say 23 years. Oh, it's you. He's not going to check it out. Accuator. Mark says, I don't know if anyone's mentioned it, but there's several groups on your pole, which as of now are ineligible. The first requirement is that 25 years of pastens to roof potential album was released. Now the first recording, REM, whom I love and metallic whom I despise will both be in the hall of fame. But won't be eligible for one of two more years. Well, let's work that out this guy might be right. Look up our hands. They might be cut into close to you. You think? So what would be the year that would look at the given high school and I graduated in 82? 80 would be the year. Right. This is really a sadame good thing I got my book. I didn't have my book. We'd be lost. We'd be doing all this online and poor Josh there have to be to look at the most. There's Otis writing. He just got in Otis writing. He's still sitting on the dock at the bay. Or was that that was Percy Slige, I'm sorry. He's in. REM. First recording. You're right. Absolutely correct Mark. 87 to one I love. That's 13 and five makes say. That. Huh? There's seven years short. Still short. Sorry. So let's get that off of the REM. Take it off. Can we do that? Can we take that off? Josh? Yeah. You're fairies. And Metallica will both be a Yadiya that's cinnamon so on. Your fan won't be able to refer to least 10 more years. As far as groups that are not the whole of fame but are eligible and should be in, it's Iggy Pop either by himself or with the Stuges. Hmm. If we love it. We're here last for life and wild child. I already have. Search and destroy it was for maybe a official kickstarter punk rock in the 70s. He's the godfather of punk for good and bad. Iggy Pop. What do you say? Yeah. Here's a group that will never make a whole family list of bush families. It's on the social committee. The name is Prussian Blue. What is this mark? What are you talking about? What are their twin-12 year old girls from California whose mother is a white supremacist and publishes magazines are still in their adventure and hatred. They go around performing full covers of songs by skin head bands like Screwd Riber and Rahawa and because their 12 year old twins, Blond, they've links and land. The media thinks they're also cute with just a wee bit of danger throwing. Prussian Blue, by the way, is the cover of Die used in Cyclone V, which apparently was not found in Constance Prussian camps, which is a major piece of evidence to Holocaust and I was used while calling me a Christ killer says mark. Truly disgusting. Well, what does this have to do with anything? In conclusion, please correct me if I'm wrong, but more was given a talk show slot on the station because he was also going to be the dolphins announcer and no longer will be the wisest president. You know, get it. He's got another year and a half out of his contract mark. If you think they're going to pay him or anybody else off just to go away, you are a dream and so anyway, sorry for being chronic. I'm going to beat up old French Canadians now. Excellent choice, Mark. You're fair. It's good to go. Don't miss a one. Well, I'm trying to be stuck with four ninjas. We're going to have a long long list of answers. Pick up off and believe me, if anybody can make it happen between Josh and Eric, they're working on it. Sure, listen to it. We'll Roger and we'll just put up. One, five, sixty, sixty. A Q A M. You brought your back in? Sometimes I have been called to come back here to listen sort of the only little non-media commission for a week. I'll be back in the morning. Listen, I'll be here. And they said I was in the top five to seven in my, to help. I feel fine. Every day that goes by, I feel a little more like Rocky Ball ball. More than a hundred thousand physicians and we're not through. We will try to do more. We shouldn't stop. It's more than a quarter of a million physicians. It's ambitious than achievable, but it's not enough. All right, this is it. It's good for my heart. I don't know what it is. Okay, love and forty seven. Everybody's all whipped up and we're friends about this. Let's get it right now because it's very scientific. And the world they have taught you, you are spinning or not. We have an ease of the discipline on this. This is a fact that his rush has been around at least 29 years. They're first recording in 75. So we'll put him on a report rush on there. We got two more facts as on rush by the way. It inspired me to look up REM because I thought I was going crazy. I've never heard of hearing them in high school. And their first single was released in 81. Still doesn't qualify for the poll, but I'm questioning the book that you're looking at now. Although these are only top 140 hints. Okay, don't you understand? Oh, I see. So it was in Canada a whole bunch of singles, but it might have been years before they find it. Just like rush. That's right. Making a mistake with rush. I'm looking up there to see. And their friend they didn't have a hit for a few years. I see. Good Toronto boys put them on anyway rush. It was first concert I've went to get it on there. Now, it would be a good one. Not stop facting. Who's worked on it and even suddenly at one. What? I was laughing. About two by one. A chip. Oh, chip. Chip off the old chip. I hate to say this to you, but do ferry. Bad company may not be on list because the band started originally as free. Check your list for them is free on there. Bad company on there. They're not on there. Okay. See it looks to me chip like you're just nitpicking on. No it's picking nitpicking and looking to find fault. Okay. Trust me. They're not on there. Here's yet another fact criticizing our lack of knowledge about rush and that me in particular. Really? Yeah. Well, what do you mean you in particular? I'm filming it because they're on a street court. I don't guys. None of the less of a big rush fan than I should do better. So like rush performed with the concert last summer. Here we go summer. You know, the assars relief concert that was rush and it was burdened coming. See, I should recognize him and would buy him. Actually, eventually I did, but I mean, should recognize right away and run like hell. But he was terrible in that concert. And I remember telling you that this isn't just the sour grapes. I remember telling you was embarrassed. He did. He was off his feed man of that sour grapes. And I love there is nobody anywhere. I love the gifts and more than I do. And that's why when he was sitting there right next to me, I could reach out and just smack him in the side of the head. And said, would you stop acting like a child? He heard these stupid slots. I didn't do it though. And then Chip goes on and try to suck around. I mean, I've always thought your taste and music to be impeccable. Ever since you mentioned many moons ago, you're love for aerosmith. But why does that make my taste and music impeccable? This is a love aerosmith. There are a lot of people outside of that hate aerosmith, which again I find very unacceptible. It says, and today's response to the poll is somewhat marginal. I'd best I guess you write about my opinion. Yeah, we don't need any instructions on how to do a talk to you. Like everything would say, I don't how to do a talk show, Chip. But you just keep telling those facts isn't it keep you off the street? You don't have to do a talk show. You don't have to say, and Chip, you're fair. Jeff says, now see, this is where again, these people, everybody's got their little little. You don't get it, Jeff. You just don't get it. How can you, you can serve these half-ass cheesy rock bands for the Hall of Fame? The monkeys? They didn't even sing. You're wrong about that. Right, eventually. And it says, you should add a million in it, or they don't know. No, he's trying to sing a shout to monkeys. The monkey though. Let me just look at that right now. Okay, Mr. Hot Shot Jeff. Mr. Expert. Mr. Music Maven. Jeff the Maven. You were, yes, I did like the monkeys. I had a lot of their, I'm part of my music on here. Let's see, last Randy Clark's build number one. I'm a believer with number one for seven weeks. Britain by Neil Dundell. The other three, believe it was number one for four weeks. There's three never one hits. A little bit of me a little bit. You were in the middle of the number two for a week. Step and stone, pleasantly sunday, Valerie, words. I mean, I had to just, and of course, their albums, it goes without saying. And it all kinds of great stuff. And I have the word even singles. Like, shades of gray, remember then? Yes, like it. The monkeys. I mean, get out here. Okay. So they were like TV. They were created. They were like, the ride like the R.C.s. The difference being that they were like one or two real musicians. And then unlike the R.C.s. That made Syrupy. She had their shagger. They made some good music. Okay. That was lasting. It'll be remember for a long time. Long after your dead and very Jeff, they're still going to be singing daydream believer. You flaming between your fair right. Yeah, stop talking to the R.C.s. That is the hall of famous for the best of the best not Bobby Rydell. Well, we put Bobby Rydell on. They're just because of the fact that it's on the margins. And I'm looking at the list that they've got on here. And if you're going to tell me that all the people on here are the best of the best, then you're dreaming. You've got to be like Jimmy Reed. Huh? Bobby Blue Blan was the best of the best. Bobby Rydell. Here you go. Wild one. There you go. I love it. By the way, take you duck for this music lecture. He came in here again. No, no. This was he had brought some CDs in with like number one. I got him in before. I saw him in here today. Burn him. And the record too. You're fair. Okay. Now, what am I looking at? And I've just got some of the names on here that I find. Solomon Burke. I think that's Abe Solomon Burke is with it. What the hell? You send me. I mean, if Sam Cook is in the Hall of Fame, then Bobby Rydell should be like, Heads and shoulders above him. And this is which Bobby Rydell still alive. And he's got a wife, you know. Yeah. I remember somebody wants to be a magazine. Some Fag Mag. Would Bobby Rydell start naked? I mean, start naked. It's really great. I have to write it. Well, look at it. Look at his body of work as they say. Look at his body. No thanks. Wild one, which he just got through playing was number two for a week. He had kiss in time. We got love. Swing in school. Volarey. Sway. Good time. Baby. That old black magic. The fish. Jingle bell rock. I want to thank you. A whole bunch of butterfly baby. Forget him. It was number 12, before we took him to church. Why got another one at Betsu that's not on there. It should be. And you're going to laugh when I said. Okay. Looking. No. They're not on there. Mitch Rydell that he tried wheels. What's wrong with that? Nothing's wrong with that. Jenny take a ride. Demo to move her son. Good. Sock it to me. Baby. Right. See, you don't understand it, Jeff. When you say the best of the best, there's a list you're longer than you're arm and leg put together, Jeff. And there are a lot of people on here that quite frankly. Leave me limp. That don't belong. And as a result, everything is relative. Okay. It's dependent on who's relatives are voting on us. That evidently is the case. Right. I mean, James Taylor was on here and as much as I despite, now I have to admit he belongs on there. But it makes me want to cry. Right. Just he's screen field is on here. I love just he's screen field. He never sold a freight train. But I mean, come on. Is just he's screen field on a par with four in her for example? Or should cog old or many of the other name or the bell Vikings? Or many of the other names we've had to hear today. No. Hey Jeff, show your mama how you like that. Jeff. Right. Five six seven. Oh five six. Five six. Con five six. Yeah. I'm going to run and sing it around me. I need this to deliver. I don't know if we can say this either. Paul and Paul. What was? When I got another one for you when we could come with this. This was the number one here. I'm not any other than Dick in the TV. Oh, Dick can be here. I remember them. They had something else. What is it? I remember them. What is this? This is a tell me. They had something else. No. We said this. That's a humor. Yeah. Let me look at a Dick and D.D. Okay. Well, you know, he has he and Billy. There's Dicky doing the don'ts. Little Jimmy Dickens. There's Dicky. They can be the mountains high. What was the one you just played? Tell me. No, that was the marginal hit. But the mountains high was number two for two weeks. Then we son of church. The mountains high. We're not going to put them on it. But I got one for that. I don't see on here. That really makes me very angry. And you'd say, oh, that's not real music. I don't care what you say. They were huge. Hey. Hey. There's Paul and Paul. There you go. 1960. 61. 60. Oh, close. Paul here in the Raiders. I agree with you. And it's not even debatable. It's not a stop for discussion. Okay. Boys and girls. Paul Revere in the Raiders. I mean, if somebody said they're marginal people are in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Wait till I get to the page with that stuff on there, huh? Yeah. Stop. Stop. Oh, I can tell it. That was bad. That was just a low blow. Let's see. Is this end of Revere? I'm going to say we're from Revere, man. There's Renee and Renee. There's Arios speed wagon. What do you say? I don't think they're older. Yeah. Are they really? No, not quite. They're like a... Yeah. Yeah, they are. Really? Well, almost. I can put them on there just because they suck so bad. No. They're a few months short. Good. December 80. Paul Revere in the Raiders. Okay. Mark Lindsey. Oh, wait a minute. No. I see. That was Paul Revere. Anyway, Paul Revere in the Raiders featuring Mark Lindsey. Just like me. Kicks hungry. The Raider finds strike good things. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. This one, if you wanted to say that, I don't even know. One of their big hits. A quickenerative segment. That's the biggest hit there. Oh, I hope not. You're a great man. Oh, yeah, I can't read these. What do you mean? Yeah. I hope not. You're a great man. Oh, yeah. I hope not. Yeah. Why can't we be friends with that one? But they have a lot of stuff to do. They have a lot of stuff to do. Yeah. Spill a liner, burden in the animals. And we'll have a lot of stuff to do. Sorry. That's worth. Okay. Okay. Put it on everyone. Now, can I go back to this list? Okay. Chicago 71, tram by 18, feed dog night 40, guess who 33. Jim Crochi 31 and see you were sending me yesterday. I don't think so. He's not rock and roll. Or something like that. No reason. With a Jim Crochi, I was agree with you about Jim Crochi. The car's 27, and Leonard's going to 21, metallic and 20, which I thought we took metallic off of there because they've been around. Let me look it up before we do that. So far off, man. And so, and that's how I'm going to find it in here anyway. Right? I'll look it up. Now, it's done. I'm even closer. Take it off. Please. Yes. 20. Yes. No. The village people 12, the school nurse 12, see if you win would be 11. We've got spelling right. Thank you. Del Vikings 11, E. L. O. 10. E. L. O. should be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. I'm not sure if you're going to be in the lock at an end. They're not even wearing any real musicians. Linda Ronstead 7. Just go test that she's not on there. Grandfuck we all wrote 7 Jan and Dean 7 Venture 6 run at 6 towards Michael 6. You know a fudge fudge. We're going to do our Michael. Procal here I'm going to grass roots five. The fact that the grass roots have only five is enough to make me sit on the floor and cry for many hours. Gene Americans four modly crew four the miracles four rush three. Emerson Lincoln Palmer three. Three Christian eye attained. Three. Two of these were washed in her mums every when a group Bobby B Bobby Rydell Marvales. Todd Rungrin and the Derek and the Amarose and Kansas and 38 special. I thought 38 special wasn't even qualified. And back up in the Leslie Gornherry Nielsen and the box top of the crystals and Kingsman and when star in the buckyams one of the piece. And none yet for George Thurgrin one to how do we put him on there. Through the bridge right in the Detroit wheels, Paul R. Weirner Raiders Association. Helen ready. Edison Lighthouse Marty Robinson. Even after you play like a little bit of the locomotion, how do you like that? That is sad. But I told. Okay you first. Before that lies. But that's not the one I wanted to play the one I wanted to play was. Okay. What do they got? Zero. Like I said. You should have all your new pieces. Yeah. What? I thought you were playing something. Oh I am. Here you go. But that was it. Oh, I thought you were playing something. Oh, I am. Here you go. But that was it. Oh, it's not like that. Oh, I see. You're favorite. You're fair. What was that? Was it already? Oh no. I don't remember the beginning of it. And probably like it. No, no to anymore. I hate how nobody. Yeah. I don't remember what I was saying. She had any votes. I don't remember. Really. She didn't have any votes. It's just pretty sad. Pretty pretty sad. Little Eva's got none. The association has got none. And it was one here that only had one that I just just blew me away. Oh, Ed, the Kingsman. Today just don't understand it. I don't think there have been very few records in the history of rock and roll. And the actual, as widely discussed, played, whatever was that. What? What year was that? Louis Louis, I would say 63. Let me look it up. Kingsman. Midley of their smash. Let's say the Kingsman. Here they are. The Kingsman. Weekend. The Hanada Songco weekend. November heard it. 11.363. Louis Louis. Or born like Josh court. All of Josh courtists know from Louis Louis, right? Everybody does. Everybody does. Everybody does. Everybody does. Everybody does. Louis Louis. I don't think they ever made a colleague movie that that wasn't in. Right. Airbie movie. Bar. Airbie place. What is with you people? How would you get within the spell of coffee? But then again the grass roots is got five votes. Or close to show you. We are swimming upstream in South Florida. He's in there too. That's why I like when Vokka Brand is some of these brilliant songpurdies and that's what will be all-time best. Yeah. It's like farting into a windstorm. It's like screaming into a vacuum. It's just for us. I just for our enjoyment. Thanks Vokka. Thanks Del Rey Danny. WCWM, huh? Yeah, I'm Marika and Steve Miller. Oh, Marika is a sensational choice and that's not only Miller, but not on there either. I'd like to add a two-good one. Thank you sir. Thank you. I see no. We've had a lot of the first Steven or Bang on the first group that had the four-letter word in the song. Right? We like that funk. That funky stuff that was going on in the city. Remember that? Right. Funky stuff. Well, no, they changed it to funky kicks. Yeah. I know. And of course, there was not a original word and we certainly aren't going to even come close to saying it here because we're decent developments, but Steve Miller, Van. And what's the other one he said? America, which is tragic. America, of course, was no name. Oh, I bet on that one at a time, it'll park last year. Let's get to the paper at this. See, these aren't alphabetical. They're on here by the date. That's why he passed the twice. God, you've had to eyeball it. Say, had so many good songs. How does they have the answer? So, they said, go over here was number one for a week. Mm-hmm. Or if they don't, they like you said. I need you, which was my favorite America song. I need you with great. Let me kiss you. For the song. You can do magic. Yes, I can. You can. Then you're a high-win. Mm-hmm. Uh, I'll get it over there. No. Don't get the heart to tell you. Daisy Jane. Right? Ten men. Don't cross the river. And all these things. Okay, great America, good choice. All in one word, ears on those. I guess I should have looked. It's so nice. It's so nice. It's so nice. Right. Oh, I mean, I realize that there were no edgyames. There were no moon-blows. You see, a lot of those old 50s R&B tap group like the moon-blows and some of those are. That's like, that's not stoutier. I mean, the moon-blows quite honestly. I'm going to tell you right now. You don't want to watch the moon-blows to do off crowd, you know? No, like here, salmon, salmon, Dave, our Interraccaville Hall of Fame. Now, everybody else pulled on on coming. In fact, that's an edgy-cap one place that a lot on a show in James Brown also. But salmon, Dave, and a Rockville Hall of Fame is that ridiculous or what? Yeah. Ludicrous? Absolutely. Salmon, Dave, my ass. Ludicrous, no, that's not all that. Seriously, salmon, Dave, is just, oh, yeah, I just love Ludicrous. Not, love those lyrics. Salmon, Dave, there you go. Soul man. I'm a soul and I'm pulled on on coming. And then I thank you, which I don't even remember. I thank you. Guess where Sam Moore of salmon, Dave was born? True. No? Miami? Yep. All right. Dave Parker, or Prater? Dave Brad, that's right. I forget Dave Parker, the Cobra Placer, the Pirates, was a co-cattic. Dave Prater, born a 5, 937, and O'Silajoga. Prater was killed in a car crash on 4,988 at the age of 50. The do-al was inducted in the Rockville Hall of Fame in 1992, and the Soul Man, and Hold On, I'm a comment. That is just enough to make me cock on, man. Salmon, Dave, you're asked. Do you think they're even close to qualifying for that? Yeah, whatever. I mean, it's a couple of good records. That's all. But then they're like influential. Wouldn't it, like memorable? What was the big sentence with Sam and Freaking A-Rass, right? Sam was born in Miami? There you go. So that was just a scan. Find the one here. 12 out of 10 afternoon at 5, 60, and nobody could ever spring is almost here. Let's see, what's it, eight today? The 16? Okay. Five days away, the official started to spring, and I was a great time to get on down Armstrong for the homestead for some great deals on new 05s. Right now, get your ass behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from forward, and zero percent financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back, and $1.9 percent financing? Check out the 05-4-Direct Explorer now, Armstrong for the homestead, with $2,500 cash back and $1.9 percent financing. And don't forget, only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead, you'll get the exclusive Tyre's parts and batteries for live program, plus that free floor to some past. Armstrong for the homestead is part of our servicemen and women, if you're in the military, or if you have a relative in the military, no matter if it's active, do any of your service, national guard or coast guard, you'll get a military appreciation discount on top of all of these other things. David Richardson is staff at Armstrong for the homestead, we'll guarantee you the best price and because they're locally owned and operated. They're not looking for just a one-shot deal. They'll treat you great because they want to make you a lifelong customer, and have you come back a year after a year. Armstrong for the homestead, $3,075,6,028, 20 minutes after the E36 check them on the web at armestrongcars.com, or give David a victory call at 305, 24751,12. Be sure when you call Armstrong for the homestead's helmet fed for $8,3,000, crispy cream donuts on Monday. 305, 24751,12, drive a little and save thousands on a new forwarded armestrong forward of homestead. I'm going to take you to New York, Ruchers, Exclusive Road, and I'm going to take you to New York. Like about 1045, would be good for me. Is that worth you? I remember four years ago, getting when the popular vote, no. But now things have changed. Here's the deal. I won by luck, so I'll do what I feel upon judges to the bench. They know what, maybe go and play the French thing. I will privatize social security, so don't be surprised, because everyone gave me a mandate. I won't let any change, people married. I'll punish this fund of mandate, all the damn, a crassline that it's scary. But I'm number one with a mandate. You can't do it many more steps. I'll research. We're going to do it my way, oh mandate, and you'll all have to start going to church. And for some day What the heck Laura makes me go you mad as well though Sure glad I'm a president not a singer for a lot of things You know, do you have that thing that nobody is called and speaking about particular song and mentioned the unmentsible one? Yeah, no, the urinal I said it if anybody I see this in very manual I would say you fair it right. Yeah, that's not rock and roll I think we use a green fifth song music bad news more shootings again One man was killed to others were wounded early today when gummen tried to rip off a small-stage card game in Pablo Beach Vs Oh, spokesman Hugh Graves said one of those in it was one legummen Graves said Booker Bryant 47 and few other men were playing cards inside 2726 northwest fifth Avenue in fifth street in Pablo Beach around 1 am when two men armed with handguns versus the front door And the men in the better is can one of the cards are struggled with one of the gunmen disarming him shots rang out When the smoke cleared, Bryant another car player, one of the gunmen later identified his courier where 17 were shot Bryant was treated for minor gunshot wound and released from north-broward medical center, but his fellow gambler a 38 year old man whom they BS Not identified but for now's dead at the facility plan a card game Corrient which is in custody at the Brown County jail and faces a murder charge other charges against him are pending The substance seconds aspect is to the on loose and likely armcraft said investigate is acting anybody What it would have been for me's about the shooting call crime stoppers at nine five four four nine three tips Got it got it Let's see And I want to what is this all about why do you send this to me what what this facts With the job that like one line on it. Yeah, whatever. Oh Very profound Although I certainly is smokey Robinson this is second that a lot of five six seven five 60 five five 60 on the rise in singular right of sign We're looking for the group or artist that ought to be in the rocket hall Hall of roll up a hall roll of thing rock in the hall, but isn't got to be 25 years since you made your first record not your first hit 90 birthday At least as good as this person Why do you keep playing hell and ready? I could they just I find them he's ready anybody if he's hell and ready record Yeah, that's what they're gonna sell to you. I'd rather her Bobby Gentry and the old-to-Billy Joe Come to write up makes me think back at the movie again. Oh to Billy Joe with Robbie Benson. Yeah, I know why who jumped off the tele hall has he bridge Got him in that tent there and they did some kind of game stuff Yeah, five and Jimpry was pretty good again not qualify for this. I mean she wasn't that didn't have that kind of impact But she sure was better in hell and ready, but how I'm ready belongs on looks. I should have all bunch of hits why we don't know Because there were a lot of militant bikes out there. That's just one of the like to you're one around You know making a big sinness. What are gonna put this guy on but I like saying his name Angle berhubberton. Yeah, don't say it's too often. No, that's for him Who do you weigh in? Hello He's already on her it's the same jackass to call yesterday He's already on there. You wanted to make a big deal about that and you know something he doesn't belong on there That's the worst part of the whole thing. He doesn't come close to belonging on there By the way, he's still there for your benefits there since we went into earlier people getting shot up Where did took a long time that music is so low Because I'm playing it up with the computer. We don't have a lot of juice coming off the scene. Why I see I have to make juice We need a weather report over there if we answer toasting away that that we get a like that show on waxy Use toast omelette That's all the same story Anyway, keep no advantage. Here's one for you. Yeah, one of your favorites Close personal friend of yours Who the hell is that he had a solo hit with this son who is it? You know 77 It's what he's favorite. No, it's not an I know I'd be who then a curtain call is When that's curtain Cummings? Like I said I know who that is I know in person. Good dog Frankie line it at the teenage who's born in Brasni or lead singer line was born in 9342 in the or city That of a drug overdose. I thought he got shot drug overdose on February of 2016 to the age of 25 other members included Herman Santiago Jimmy merchant Joe Negroni who died 9578 days at 37 and Sherman garrons died 2677 the age of 36 These guys should have lived too long group of people in movies rock rock rock mr. Rock and roll Inductant the Rock and roll Hall of Fame in 1993 One hit white of fools all another oil got the number six They also had goody goody that and that and goody goody and remember that and I want you to be my girl Which nobody ever heard of that one? I'll actually there was a bigger than a goody goody and either one of them were all that big so they had one hit One hit one was basically and they're in the Rock and roll Hall of Fame because that because of that guy that's caused all the time. He's the reason right? Absolutely I don't like the fact that It looks like many animals are going out that I want to influence the poor. You understand his parents square unless Unless you get with it I mean, is honestly is there any comparison between Dan Hale and in Chicago? But what's as Josh court is a young punk like him. Is there any comparison? No, but I mean I hate ban him on anyway, but no Oh, well see there you go That's good. I like to taste You see what what the problem is what these people are confusing is not who do you like? Right, what do we put the on war gun there? Did we she have any votes? I mean she belongs on her as much as we find her personally objectionable and I'm not sure I agree I don't see no D on war recon here to you. I think that Josh screwed up with all the respect I think should we go for an on right now? Yeah, come on get whether now Just because you got a bug up your butt about that psychic hotline man. I don't blame it. Hello, probably he probably called it By the way, there's a there's a super group, but is it on there? Yes Super trail oh My god how can they not be you have to be kidding me has monumental as they were over super trail is not on there. I just checked What's I'm spelling it wrong a CUP? Yeah, that's right super risen super man super boy Super salad Super salad yeah, yeah that's that's just goes to sure S9 Of course, then what are the years you know what the year is? Well, that is 177 that's ancient Huh ready for a long too From your favorite movie. It's a great ending I'm gonna say something radical right now as much as I love Chicago when Chicago deserves to be on her Super tramp is better. I know you're not gonna regret it. What what I love super tray super tramp is so good I would just see on that album I'm gonna write this in a very good way Awesome, do you have the body of work pitch and how it is? The dark beta has hopeful Empire. I've been battery chicken over oh Oh well that's where it goes. I get that on her right away. Supertrap and the artwork. We got it. I think she may be doing the vocal on that one. I've never seen her and supertrap together. Same crowd now. Now, if Anne Hale and I think I got a bunch of stuff on here but you know, jump. That, that, that jump. I'd like to jump later. My name is Anthony. It was number one for five weeks. You don't understand that. And everyone around me at the time was that all playing it into and, and what themselves over Van Hale and I think that's, that's because they'd like David Lee's growth. I'd agree with my teeth and just bear it. Really? Yeah. And then they'll let you. Oh man, they leave me with him. I can't get your fix with Neil Roger. He takes one turn to two on five, sixty, WQA and my N report letter Dale. I can't stop him. I can't stop him. But just get in touch. I can't let him off count. So we have a chance. I'm in the puppet. I'm not feeling too good. I think I might find a bar. Hi, I'm Darrell Hall. You know, even though my hair looks really good and I've got a great bar and all the women really love me, I've got a problem. High cholesterol. So that's why I ate this new Hall of No Grand Sirel. Every taste of the little flake is just like my partner John. Set their bigger and they don't hold back my career. Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of Hall of No Grand. Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me. Oh, child boy. And some milk and chorizo. Try some whole little. Be a friend, eat it. Hall of No Grand Sirel from the makers of Guns and Raisins. Oh, have a bowl. Be a friend, eat it. I'm going to tell you if Hall of No Scotch belong on there. My name is Johnny Rivers. I don't like that. Okay. Hall of No Geo. Thanks, though. I've been to Hall of No Sand. But then not. I'm going to tell you this. Sarah Smile. She's gone Ridge girl. It's a bitch girl. What other story ever? Remember then when they said bitch in the song, huh? Just for that alone, it is over hi. But for my list, what I hated. That was number one for three weeks. Rich girl number one for two weeks. Private eyes was number one for two weeks. You made my dreams top five. I can't go for that. No can do number one for week. Man, either number one for four weeks that we just got through the parody. Did it in a minute? Was family man ever a hit for them? Yes. Number 12. Number six. Probably something. Yeah. Big hit. I'm sorry. They're just there. Some on here that are glaring that don't belong. Right. And then there's some that like John Lee Hooker. Why John Lee Hooker in a Hall of No. Why are these people not? Right. These people are here. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Charlie Hooker was a blues. Yeah, and nevertheless. He's on there. Sounds like Elton John. What is it? Little river band. Little river band. I have no idea it hits. I despised him. But you're right. They belong on a little river band. But long as they had. They were huge. They were big. They were like influential. Every five little river band. I don't like them. But they belong on there. Absolutely. Now like the impressions are on here. Not not going to be impressions. But if you were going to pick between the spinners and the impressions. Is there a content? What's the word? There is no contest, no locundinity, okay? Not even close. It's like Secretary winning the Belmont by 75,000 likes. It's not even close. The impressions were okay. And we're fine. And we're like, okay, like that. I'm sorry. They're just something very, very wrong with this. Look, well, I'm not there. I think that'll be a little bit. And this one is from 1980. Just to make sure. You're fair. I'm sorry about Bill Collins. You're going in Genesis anyway. Not, not. How is that possible? Must be something standing. How is that possible that either the group or him individual, because sometimes is looked at a list. There's like sunny and correct. All like the Beatles and the individually they have. Not sunny. You're right. Or like a salmon agar, fulcum, and then Paul salmon individually, because he's lost up on his own. But like how can Phil Collins and where Genesis not be on there? Various incarnations, ground breaking, all these things? A little short, a little guy, little little people. Part of these things. Wow. Oh, President Bush, the name FCC member Kevin Martin, does the new head of the FCC? How about that? Oh, yeah. That's okay. That's so helpful. That's the ten more gigantic steps backward. Thanks a lot, Wolf. You're not seeing you. Here we go. I do it five foot long enough. We're the match of countless hundred eight-way high-band healing. I'm not gonna. What a welcome. Not one of my favorites, but it's the one I could find for Hall of Names. Here's the fact that says the associations in Hall of Fame. Well, first of all, it's the association, not the associations. They're on a pole, I put them on there. Because the long comes Mary, and we cherish the memory of the association. But the fact that a matter is now, it seems to me that one or more of those kids was born in Hawaii, flying guys. I don't know. I don't know. Look it up. Okay. They're not going to be able to do that. Take a look. Ah. Huh? What happened to them? Nothing had no votes. No votes. Six hundred and thirty nine votes, and the poor association had got the Ziviti Nuda. They got the big. Oh. But then again, so this little Eva still had it. And it is in Lighthouse. I didn't think you were going to put it in Lighthouse on there. But love does grow where it might. Whatever. It won't get rosemary go. Isn't it like you're wearing no mission? Oh, it is. Sorry. Why are we going? Go ahead. I'll explain if I read it. Chariosh number one for three weeks in 1966. Along comes Mary Top 10. Windy number one for four weeks in 67. Windy. Never my love. Number two for two weeks. Anyway, sticks and I don't see them on the list. The West I have. Boys and this. That stinks. Sticks is not on here. I love sticks. I don't know. Many, many albums, many, many heads in. Yeah, it's sure they have the cop that blood at the end. Got an STYX. I'm sure that Josh has got a stick. And he wants. He knows all about sticks and the stones. Really? And here's a good one that says, I'm by the way, bad company. We did we put that on their bad company. What about bad singer? I love bad fingers. Yeah, that's a way of being a bad singer. Yeah. What's wrong with bad singer? No, they don't belong in here though. No matter what they have to day coming in. That was a baby. What you're like? I like that. I don't know. No matter what. They sounded so much like the Beatles. It was scary. And more than that, let me look it up again. More than that. Apple records on a Beatles label? It's possible. Let's see. Apple records. How do you like that? Nice going to you. Old told you. Thank you. Told you. What year was that? Well, why are you doing this to me? Every time I close it up, I got open and up again. They have to day was December 1871. That's what Kathy Willis said. Totally. Okay, here's the fact is, what about? And I was looking for this because Vokor cut me a disk. And I remember playing this on the ear. What does it take to win your love and shotgun? I'm nowhere to say. What about junior walker in the all stars? You know, that is, see, there's another example. So many big fat juicy hits. I think it's a racial thing myself. That pisses me off. Get that on there right away. Junior walker in the all stars. Road runner, shotgun. What does it take to win your gloves? I mean, every hour is not a big group and a road can be on there. But if you're going to have a rock and roll hall of fame, let's do it right. Let's honor the people who really made some great news again. We're big and influential. And everybody loved it. But Vokor records it in a bunch of big fat juicy smelly hits. Okay. You idiot to you. Like Bobby Sherman. Yeah, there he goes. Bobby Sherman. You're fairer. Never Sherman's Hermit. Get ready to have no two-play no Bobby Sherman. Otherwise they will be saying. You're fairer. That's him. Bobby Sherman, my ass. Anyway, we got no Howard David. It was going to be broadcasting his 18th NFL season of football this season. We don't know for home, but he's coming along with two. Mad Dog at Ford. We got UM baseball with the functions Joseph Becky in the beast at 655. You're the center of the media. Roger. We like it, you're a part of all my grind. Five seconds away. Two, three. Okay. Get ready for the Trinity. Wiederreet,альvin. Make sure that guy grooms it. We're going house-fast. question how now you are ten my father. And your governor for life, who knows what's best how he wants to tell our front-alives. I have first moking up these pipes with suburb teeth. I don't think he asked me to expose his wisdom upon you. Tim, tabling, Darwin is a sin. No, according to his version of Bible. Unless of course it's in a spalling casino that takes a path of Hollywood. Then it's okay. On behalf of my holy father, this is no help for saying, thank you. Oh, do it. Really? Ever known as how much the world bush sounds like Al Franken? It's 14 till 1 at 5, 16, and I'm not happy about it. I probably won't get any anyhow, but if you spell your name you've been close to correctly. I'm going to say that would just brace my heart. I can have a little evening and short trip. Okay, I'm not happy about it. All I think she's trying to get a vote. Did she? I don't know. Let's see. Little even got a vote. I'm looking at super-traim and they've got to be. I just said you were facts about them from Bob, who's a deaf person. Not King Super-traim? No, no. He's saying play more super-traim. I don't know what I'm talking about. One that I say I didn't like super-traim. George, I'll super-traim. Deeply. Hey, Bob. You're fair. By the way, my most memorable heavy-pettings sessions were two of the tunes of Super-traim. Were they really, I guess they were. I mean, the fact like the logical song for example, I mean, their songs live on forever. I mean, that's one of the best songs in the world. The commercials of the universe. Right. I mean, I just don't understand how anybody could not like them and they have no votes. I realize a lot of our people have already voted for somebody else and were adding on and building the poll, which of course is horrendous. We hate doing that. But you little rubber band, did we ever put them on? I don't know. What we showed. We should. Well, they have a lot of hits, man. Again, I didn't like them, but I don't want that. Oh, no. Here's another one. And I don't like him at all to be honest with you. Now, let me just look and see if he's in here. On here. Now, Kenny Loggins. Yeah, we did logins in the scene a bit, not individually. We did put them on here. Well, I think we put logins in the scene on there, but Kenny Loggins by himself. We did put logins in the scene. I'm not sure. Well, I mean, Kenny Loggins by himself. Footloose was the number one for three weeks. You. I can't. Look. I just have a really hot talk about what we like him. I'm talking about his impact on the industry. Can he Loggins would Steve Perry, right? Talk about ugly. I mean, he had some good songs that just wasn't one of them. Danger zone? Huh? Yeah. Whenever I call you friend, I like that. Loggins in the scene. They're claim to fame was Yamama Dodd-Dance, and that's say Yamama. That's it. Yamama. That's the end of it. They had two marginal hits after that thinking of you and my music. But that was it. See, the way I'm looking at this is what my if I were voting, which of course I never worked with a bad taste number crowd or craguel man. But the fact that it matter is if there was a group or an artist that had like one like the Kingsman that had one hit, but it was just like so dynamic and so influential and just played forever. I mean, it lived on forever through the angles of recorded music. They would have to qualify. I agree. Right? No. So in other words, somebody that had like a 20 marginal crappy hits. I don't know. Maybe it may be not. Okay, let me take a look at this nasty facts here. Bob says, play more super-tram, super-tram all day every day. George does nobody's talking about. And then George writes on that, what are you talking about Bob? You dumb f f f f f f. He's a death f f. Oh, death lover. No. Let's see, Jeremy D'Azurene says the full today is a real eye opener. I've followed the rock and roll hall of fame. Wow. That cherry infinity this brings pretty kind of something to when you live over there. Since it's beginning 86, I very much agreed with most of the authorities. And I never thought to consider who had not been inducted. He says, I've find it appalling and unconscionable that Johnny Reversha, Kagawa and the monkeys are not the hollow fame. It's just, it's mind blowing. I realize that they have more important face to fry to people dying all over the world. And America's gone done crazy. I've had the crap. And of course, that God wants some more pancakes with blueberry syrup. Wouldn't you have a nevertheless, wouldn't you? No, no. Maybe he ought to eat him on blueberry hill. That would be nice last meal for him. Well, you're a whole lot of, oh Harry Chapin. What do you say, Harry Chapin? I don't know. Okay. I'm no problem with it as you on there. I don't think so. There are captains in there. And rightfully so as much as I despise or accept that. I hate. Also, it's just a little tired of people saying the monkeys weren't musicians. Like Nismit, Play Coffee, house down the west coast before the monkeys. You know, why do I keep saying Peter Trock, Michael Nismit with the musical genius of the group? Right, if we get. He also wrote different drumroll and the wrong step. But it's definitely a terrible, hopeful form. As at Carnegie Hall part of the monkeys, just an affid so I've done Stuart Road, David Ream believer. It was also a former the Kingston Trio, which I've put the Kingston Trio on there. They get any votes, probably not. Probably not. Hang down your head, Tom Doley. You idiots. The MTA will ever come back. I'm sorry. Oh, here's another good one. We don't have them on there. They're not in there. The holly's buddy holly's in there. And hopefully so even though of course, he lived two about five days. The holly's. Wow. Bill. You're a bit of a spring's you to man man. Look through any window, bus stop on a carousel. Carry in. He had heavy him up, brother. Air that I breathe. Man, you have got your thumb right on it. The holly's get that on their right away that's ato l-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-oo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- MaL fluor她plisu ho umu-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o And he's somebody that they belong in her like Miss Michael is see that sounds to me like yeah You're just one of those things. You know what's wrong with you fair right? I put it on there. What sugar? Face down what Face down one I said they don't belong on there. Neither is George Michael why did you put that on or you lunatic you a crazy person? You do fairly You put the sugar hit that off of there right away not sooner don't look at our pull for a few minutes So folks till Josh gets that off. I'm so embarrassed They're sugar. He'll gang your ass your mama by the way Let me say it again one two three four five six seven eight nine ten number one hits it relevant for Miss Michael and again Let me say it again. I despise her like poison But it's not even a contest. It's so you know, I'll go let me say this to you his first hit with 84 What would her name was his son? I just got a shutter Yeah, I see that was 84 so he hasn't been around long enough. So he doesn't belong on there for a lot of reasons No, no and then not for that reason when you got a guy that had ten number one hits whether you hate him like poison He's got to be in a rock and roll a fame you simple the new in addition to which like wait me up before you go go with where? horrible that was number one for three weeks careless whisper number one for three weeks I want your sex was number two that had big hits that Faith number one for four weeks father figure number one for two weeks one more try number one for three weeks monkey number one for two weeks praying for time number one Don't let the sun go down. I mean George Michael. I don't know that your son. Yeah, never do Here's a an individual and a band that is not on here alone Yes anyone who had a million hits and was certainly broken alone and who went to one already saying good and not on there Yeah, I'll put out a super that the audience Trends said inspiring people like no one that nice and I'll have an entire act right the entire concept Alice Cooper is not in there. I don't see it. Let's see you do He's under no no Not under anything not even under the poop with Great, okay, did we decide about Harry Chaffin? I were putting him on list. We better. I put him on okay. Well, you if you're gonna put the sugar loafers on there Well, I want a lunatic. I really didn't just You want to know that How is this possible and we talk about these people Carol? I'm glad Carol wants to with us She's upset with me about the who's it about Leo Which I'm gonna never talk about Leo again until next time Carol. I'm sorry I just I can't stand him. He makes my inside putch. He makes my stomach just I just Me spilky's okay, but anyway, she's got a very good one I cannot believe Can't believe that they're not on their bread. Oh my god Rock and roll hollow fame my ass How do you like that bread? Let's see make it with you was number one baby. I'll watch you is number three If was number four the diary was number 15 everything out was number five lost without your love Opera obris we'd surrender to the guitar man mother freedom let your love go it don't matter to me et cetera bread colossal sensational great voice David Gates ugly, but great voice big big huge gigantic okay bread We got us here is couple more Eric Gordon well the animals are in here right the animals are running He's just not in their individual with the animals. Oh, where were there's none on there? It is it what do you say it ought to be? I agree? So let's get where were I on there and Harry Chaper and you already put on there and don't forget sugar loafers too You're fairie serious prophet these six in five sixty few a You $2 menstrual $2 are Come out There is a lot more danger everyone in these cần made�ine Yeah, what about kiss somebody says how sad possible right and Ava Ava Ava you say Ava I say Ava or just like a lot but what but what they're not right and wrong Pop pop slash rock pop big I pop a Ava put it on there there no sugar is sugar Wolfgang have both volumes of their greatest hits. Well there you go. Oh, let's see now put Donnie eyes on the pool. I think it's Donnie. I risked with their iris. I think you only had one hit With all due respect and I liked it a lot but I don't think he belongs on there the rapper who? Because you did the rapper Rap rap rap rap. This is Donnie. I was a golly hit He had three hits you wrong. Oh sorry And out one of them was the rapper they called him the rapper He had two other hits besides Alia. Oh, I see Alia and the lovers like Iraq and my girl in the Edition which none of them made the top Uh, and twenty nine thirty seven twenty five. They were all like marginal and best. I mean the idea that we would put Donnie I was on there is just But anyway thanks anyway for the suggestion with the answer is absolutely not Carly Simon Charlie Simon is not in the James Taylor region here, but who I said that is not that is outrageous that is absolutely Unacceptable. What is it? I'm just tracking. I don't know if she is not I don't see I don't see her on she's not in there. I've got these all pretty much memorized by this point Paul Simon's in there and rightfully so I don't see no Carly Simon no and we'll see it like no simple Simon. I think it's your vote game Uh-huh Bonnie rate is in there Bonnie rate does that make you want a barf? Yeah, it does she makes me want a barf all the time now. Now Joanie Mitchell is in there and I'll be honest with you Back in the day in her time I mean you know Joanie Mitchell was like How do we do about jazz she's a jazz singer I mean she was like fairly influential for about five minutes, you know, okay, but I mean a big yellow taxis about the one if you did that I really remember Still I think it was even a marginal hit but to help me which I remember though I had to play that Yes, I do I do I do I do you turn me on I'm a radio free man in Paris got got to let's gone Janet featuring two tip and Joanie Mitchell. Oh Janet featuring two tip and well the we really hate her now Samples big yellow taxi by Joanie Mitchell from the album the velvet rope Thank you Ednport Laterdale who wanted us to check and see if blood sweat and tears is in there. Oh No, let's wet and tears are not in there. How could not how can I oh my god people suck oh the rock and roll the whole of fame I think we need like a little a small fire there and I'm not a big one just like a little brush for our Side of like alerties people awake their ass up. Let's wait and tears is not in the rock and roll hall of fame You've got to be shwittin me They're not look at that. You may be so very happy spinning wheel and what I died right David Clayton Thomas at one point when they were big back in the day There were many people who said David Clayton Thomas has got the greatest singing voice in the world I don't go along with that. I think that's a pile right, but it was never less and he was very good. He was great at a great voice And we're a few longest huge They were huge they were bigger than life itself blood sweat and tears and they are not in the rock and roll hall of fame And we are really peeled about it. I wish I could find a song that there's that fire off to Spinning wheel you must have spinning wheel. I must but once again. They're not alphabetical. You want to hear? Yeah, okay Ah Let's see the the bread thing. That's the earth when first-gusting. That's just Triple off. Yeah, good 69 okay, I say 69 That's sufficiently ambiguous. 69 course, I've finally. Now let's see. I'm looking on this thing again. I want to see some of these people that are beginning the hoes from the audience I want to see about Supertrap if supertrap isn't getting some votes now I'm just you've lost it. You've just lost me man. You've left me to live. Yeah, Bob's gonna be upset Oh, no, you're wondering is David Clayton promised and the blood's went in tears. You made me so very angry Well, it gets going it starts. I thought how round we got it for me better. Who am I looking for? When I die Who am I looking for here? The grass you're still got only six you idiots you you plowns You silly people you tone deaf crowd That is disgusting George Syrgwood's got to that's bad too. Who am I looking for? Little leave will find a gutter pair Then Bobby Ry does got to what is that thing about this girl? I'd say I'm looking for a supertrap For they got some votes not to be embarrassed some people are they just vanish off the pool Oh Oh, they got six votes already they went from out to sick That's kind of for supertrap. What are you saying? Huh? See, I'll tip that off because it'll make people go out and see Magnolia Read it by stealing and it's one of the great movies of all time is by what you're saying I think George just has this vise against frogs is what it is You're fair I believe in might be saying Is it I'm just, you dare to When I have to have things like Don't let yourself work out the nature like a shoulder Now, just And the best part of this thing is before they start doing a whistling. It goes on forever. No that's good. So the whistling is going to take a second time. I'm sorry. I'm taking away. It'll be often glad to hear you. He's my hero. He's a man. What are you going with? Just a little clip. I got a segway. Let's see. Let me look in here. I mean, it was summer rain. What goes up? I thought we just heard that. They were going to get a divorce. Oh, you heard it when I was spinning. That's spinning the QMVL. Johnny Reber's Memphis. Mabeline. I mean, granted Chuck Berry wrote it into the original but Mabeline. Mom, I love Midnight Special. The seven sun. Oh, I love that. Don't you love the seven sun? That's summer. Great. Sorry. It's coffee. We're all the flowers gone. We're always doing respect to the Kingston trio. Under your skull again. Seagwood agent man. Like I just got through a family moments ago. I watched my hands in muddy water. I remember muddy water. Poor side of town. That was number one hit by the way. Number one, poor side of town. Baby, I need your love and with all respect to the four tops. Cover he did it. Big hit. Facts of my tears. With all due respect to the, he did a lot of covers. You know, summer rain. I love summer rain. Rocket ammonia in the book you were you flew. Are you playing the artsy and sugar sugar? That's what I sound about. You idiot. You clown you, you maniac. I don't want any response. I don't want to be associated with that. George Rodriguez. You fair right. Loose way choose helping Ronda. I could not. I was making a show because everybody else is music. Now that I look at that. Swain to the music slow dancing. Yeah. Of course, help me, Rhonda. Brian Wilson did the background vocals on that was on a river. Do you know that? I do that. What do you do now? See what you learned today? You're learning stuff, baby. You're learning important stuff. Oh, you're the reasons of your brain folks. Very moly important as opposed to this hip hop. Swill that you're listening to today because it's got a bunch of four letter words and it's a much angry effort. Is that our shooting each other? The West Coast rappers and these folks. It's a much of craft you fair right. I don't think you people are living don't those people are. Beautiful. Gosh. Okay. The purple doesn't belong on there. I got news where I love the purple. Deep purple doesn't belong on with us. But there's not on there. They're not on there. Do you fair it? What's wrong with you? Of course they belong on there. Deep purple. I mean, there's no buffalo springfield. And let me see it again. Solomon Burke. I don't even know who that is. Solomon birthed. You. Never heard of it. In the Hall of Fame. Hall of Fame. What about Pete Rose? What do you say? As a performer? Solomon Burke in the performing category. Yes. What does your solopent? Are in B singer from Philadelphia? Can you ever hit a top? I never hit a top 20 hit. You had a bunch of marginalists. Just reach out. What if you need me? Goodbye, baby. What year? Gotta get you off my mind tonight tonight. I don't want to give you a way. You're because then you'll play it. I don't want to hear Solomon Burke. I'll give you another good one if a law is in there. I'm sure is not. And I'm going to be. And you won't even know who this is. You might. Oh. You talk about making one record that was like huge giant bigger than the planet bigger than the universe more. More. No. More. The first. Right. Let me just look him up. Okay. There's always two more when we hit. I love these games. Now, here he is. We will know. You never would know. I'll give you. Born 10, 10, 14 and Kirby real Texas. Come on. That of cancer rate age 60 11 84. I'm not going to be singer. Songwriter and penis. Look this one up. December 1st. 56. I don't got 50. It was just. Come on. Got 60 plus. What about Brian Highland then? It's he bitc teeny weaning. He'll puck it out for kini. Can't get any bigger than that. I'll be Joe hotter and since I met you, baby. No. Get out of here. What are the odds? How are you going to get this? I'm my teacher. Kids. You realize that I was looking at it while you were reading it off? Brian Highland. Stop that killer. You're coming to play with him. I could see over the kiss. I thought the NGC woman. Sealed with the kiss was him. Yes. It was number three. It was number three. Guess who? You can't get out of here. Bobby Vittonman, the Polish friend. See you'll do the kiss. I'm telling you. He also did that. The thing here was by Brian Highland. Okay. And you see woman produced by Delton. Well, I'm learning so much here today. It's disgusting. I want to stir-tick a notes. From on a Saturday 1 at 5. 60. You're fair. WKOM. Let me tell you if you're Harris. I'm going to do about it. Well, are many things you can do because now everybody in your brother is peddling. You some kind of a girl back your hair remedy or some kind of a. Now see, look at piece or grill in the holes in your head. The only smart way to go is Charles Alfie or his natural hairline system. For over 30 years now, there's been helping guys look their best with that natural hairline system. It looks like the real thing. Like the hairs were growing right out of your scalp as opposed to you know what. As opposed to a better straw, a barnyard animal, all those other grotes things that seem like they fell on the sky right in your head. And you have nothing to lose but you're ugly balls but because here's the way Charles Alfie or his deal works. He tries his system for 30 days. He's 30 days. What a month and a month after month. If you're not getting caught at and caught at and tattooed and whatever rhymes with it, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, return it for a full refund. Make the call today. Tell Charlie about here on the new Roger Show and give you your special WQAM $200 discount off the already low $800 price of the best in the world natural hairline system. Don't forget, give Charlie a call, bring in for a free consultation. Sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger he can make you guys look. 1-800-3-21-2413. That's the number to call 1-800-3-21-2413 around the wicked web. It's Charles Alfie or his company. 2-3-15 Impulsions 12-3-29 D&M BTK K&M bands with ties We really walk here. We race in laat Khan Halpertaku street noir Subscribe to our channel for more charmingおっaree And the cat is slow And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye And the blindy sounds just like every eye Okay one idea let's see a long fact here from German Pepper Plans About Rush mal000 new and 10 bucks They are rushing out the easter number third place in the Zumines But then he also says that from Kansas Otter Kansas is on our pool right I guess six months Come on away please get frank zap on a pool can't do it because there's already nowhere he's already in a rock and we'll call a fame Yes also what says David Bowie now how come David Bowie's not on here? He should be in the hall of fame. I think he's not oh, yes. He is he's in there So please get them in there. Sorry, Jim but two for two you Is Donovan in the hall of fame. Yeah, sure hope not not Donovan are we gonna nominate Donovan? Oh, no Boy, this doesn't seem petty, they don't get too carried away. Please. Okay, don't have I thought you like Donovan Based on what I don't know Yeah, yeah, because you're lunatic. Oh, no Yeah, quit they would quit with a grab. I'm gonna have the lepercom coming this to your condoms Look at this look at this group of people who are not in the rock and roll all of fame This is a this is a crime. You're gonna lie death row for lesser crime the moody freaking blues are not in the rock and roll whole of fame I said we tear down the rock well my baby. I say we all five brick We need to put that thing and we'll put it like a better place is a lot to like Cleveland or let's put it in Buffalo Well, Buffalo ain't my sped or anything else for Cleveland Let's put it in a skydacity. What do you say? Let's put it in the round of quail the rock and roll whole of fame Let's put it in a Scarborough Now moody blues you got that trash we got it a disgrace a a cancer on the music industry the rock and roll all the thing Step at wolf is not in a rock and roll hard on fame Ready for that? I just know or John Cougar melancham He might be too new although I know I think no don't think so you might be a no thanks show Let me take a look at John Cougar melambals As Jeff guns are used to call on booger on an horrible horrible show Gons is grill and remember that on Zayne and Gons is grill in the seldom Jeff guns is there been a worse pot of swilled and gongs is grill Let's see who might look in work like climate fatter, but it would be in there he is Well, I'm eerie of set of climate fatter when in there See all the people from that era most of them didn't get overlooked Let's see John Melancham here's a John Cougar melancham first hit 79. He's a he's hit moon light feels right No needle I need a lover. Okay. It's just time ain't even done with the night. Kurt so good was 82 Jack and Diane That was Jack and that was never one for four weeks Well, look at the look at the list of stuff man Lonely a light small town rock in the USA rain on the scare crow rumble seat paper and fire cherry bomb Check it out puffsinger get a leg up get a leg down again tonight wild night wild night was big and That's fine and he was in a metro okay John Cougar melancham you got him got it good moody blues and step-in-wolf. I mean seriously This is really a disaster. I understand they can't put everybody in a world on there although quite frankly Is there a limit on it? No, we got a little Will one here they could make room for some of these good people. Okay. Now let's see what about yes Or van Hillon van Hillon. Hey, let's never one more pull and yes is also wonderful what about now? Let me see they've got to be on here. They're on their pink boards on it pink floors in a hollow fame That's your craft work never gets in I bet you're right. Yeah, I'll never get in sure Then ever had any hits but the influence also other people says Keith and Boca you're right craft work Which we like a lot better. We're gonna be a little more a gift off What much sample let's rip down That work You fair Van Hillon continues hanging on tenonationally maybe they will not let go they won't let go What group or artist should be in a rock a roll hall of fame that is not and again if they're first Uh recording was released 25 years ago or more they're uh, they qualify Van Hillon 102 Chicago 91 if Terry Can't just want to play goodness maybe on top damn it Terry I told you not to do it rush 63 they're rushing up to the list. They love rush That's because they're from Toronto a three dog night fifty but then again so we're Celine Dion I see you in for where the hell is she from? Well, let me let me find out I know she's Canadian but let's just praise you now from anywhere on here She's prefer more to the froggy from Quebec a I only can pray let's see she was born or more in Shalom in Quebec Canada. All right Afra There you go figure is it figures think of Puked her ah can she sing oh is she look good? Oh Do we hit her like poison? We put even here they despise her by the way should point that out to you real quickly good Don't be confused if the Canadian people are buffalo spring field in by her $3.50 Leonard Skinner 45 I like Leonard Skinner lot but less only because Like when I went used to go to hockey games in Tampa every sporting event in Tampa It's like it is like what Gary Glitter is supporting events everywhere else is Leonard Skinner to the Deep South You know where you are boy oh man later Skinner's are sweet Oh man man there all in red and exit all in Schmidt kickers man. There just have it a field day Yes, who 41 Jim Crochet 30 says highly underrated a great great great town Says you talk about Cars 27 yes 25 Yeah, loads only got 13 what's wrong with these people are the communist or what? Huh this turn into that Steve win one 14 the village people 13 the spinner's 13 only 13 for the spinner's Delviking's 13 Blime D 12 saying she had 12 trying to rivers 11 the monkeys 10 day park five's got 10 the five and 10 remember the five and time No, you don't well worth nice. There's five and time Linda Ron stand nine Grand Funk Railroad nine George Michael season eight Jan and DNA Super trampoline seven seven for super tramp oh my god I'm gonna fall in the floor just laugh so hard to my kishki's fall out Boston seven around at seven Steve Miller's got six Kansas six Jane Americans is got only six Jay and the Americans only six oh my god I bet you Mitch we need to have it. I never spray down over that Or maybe it's muff was heaven ever spray time a muff you fairly The ventures six Crokel hair six grass roots have only got six votes The white dare I haven't done this you know do I let me use the ones that got none more's got four four for more Not the boy the audience here to watch the don't have any votes yet Okay, you the music you're playing is so low it's not a talk over it. I don't want to drown you out Oh, never the solo I can't hear it Oh, rubber band man by the spinners. Yeah John Cougar Melon can't step in wool the purple curly Simon rare earth The hollies oh geez Harry Chapin Kenny logins John Walker with a Johnny Walker Neal star and junior Walker Holly Johnny Walker How old's Paul Revere and the Raiders Helen ready and Edison lighthouse all have gone Oh, I know almost just under 800 votes. Well, let's let's hear this say is there anything I can say now We are where we are man. We are just we are where we are Even Josh Curtis the hangs that hadn't shame in this grace. Oh, too I think sometimes it ain't gonna watch Clint you're even Ross again. I just I've seen it a thousand times I would like to go over you fair. It's just easy. It's just so good, you know, and by the way, I'm gonna buy it So that a lot of charge total lunch Josh never said you don't tell a lot You won't watch it. He's never seen it. He will go. I see Get the chalk We can't play the rest of that no you don't understand why Love that Jack lemon man. It's 27 after one at five sixty W QA may matter all of these years That I've been raving and screaming about dialing my friends and using them in my homes Some of you people still think it's a little strange to buy a bed over the phone with a phone call guess what's the smart way When you call 1 800 mattress the number for dialing mattress you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy So there is positively no risk. Did you know that 1 800 mattress is got more repeat customers than anybody else in the universe And once you try you'll understand why you'll never go back to a department store or show them again You'll get no nonsense no run around No show option and against just factored direct prices on the best goods the best brands You know trust and love when you call 1 800 mattress you'll be calling company right number one a customer satisfaction All the names in mattresses that you've ever heard and Rave about silly Serda Simmons King coil temporary Stearns and bananas fostered they've got them all and now dial a mattress offers no payments or interest till 2006 How can you beat that call dial a mattress today get all the details 1 800 mattress and you'll find out why I've been using them for years and years even Mo and Jorge and Miguel and Fentboy all the smart folks at QA and some are to bright call 1 800 mattress right now We're log out of their website Mattress dot com for a great night sleep for years to come 1 800 MATT RES You're listening to me Roger I'm 560 60 QA Truth and whole truth and nothing but the truth I do Hey, cause you see a russies and a judge well-different Hey folks, it's great to be here at the Santa Maria court house. Hello, George. Hey, I've got good news and bad news Yeah, the good news is you don't have to go to work today. Of course, the bad news is your Michael Jackson's peers I feel for Michael Jackson. I really do I mean I wouldn't want my future in the hands of 12 people who aren't even smart enough to get out of jury duty Hey look over there it's Michael's attorney Thomas Mezzar-Ole Jr. Hey, by the way Thomas Echo one a call. Yeah, he wants his hair back I know he's got a tough job. Well, I mean, it's gonna be tough to defend Michael Jackson I mean seeing that's how the only person is thinks he's innocent is how raw dog Hey stick around we got a great job coming up and after the break believe it out the dancing he knows wrong trial of the century I got a great idea. I'll say Work here for Josh or Eric but certainly Josh can probably handle it. What we ought to do is put up the list of the people who did get in rock and roll holiday members Okay, that shouldn't be too difficult right now. I'll scan it. I'll scan it back to the air greater And well, it's gonna have to be put together a little bit better Well, and the one you sent me is like taped together right now I'm gonna give you a name right now that you are going to absolutely Slide off the edge of the chair onto the floor. You are not going to believe me. Oh, let me put my pants back on so please All right trust me when I tell you now when you think of this person you immediately think you're fairies although he is married with a whole bunch of children I may be some clues. Okay, but you know who it is by now. I know it gets close Born March 13th 39 in Brooklyn, New York pap sing a songwriter pianist prolific songwriting partnership with Howard Greenfield, Hallenka no Wait a minute. Is matter of fact Paul Ankeh in? No, there you go. Is there a record bigger than Diana? I mean that that's bigger than life itself Right, he had a million hits Diana Paul Ankeh the man with a canka Canadian boy two by the way By way the Middle East somewhere where the hell it was he or from? Take a few get it. I don't know but that's not what we're gonna go on Ottawa. He wrote she's a lady for Tom Jones He wrote the lyrics to my way for Sinatra also the theme for Bradley tonight show ready for that Okay, I give up Diana you are my destiny. Oh, you love my boy Paul Ankeh bigger than life itself not in the rock and roll hall of fame Oh, shame, but wait to do this one. Okay getting back to getting back to you fairie more hits. I like to guess Sure, we do the names of some of the hits. Okay, the diary. Oh Carol calendar girl You'll take your birthday sweet 16. Yes, the DACA. There you go breaking up as hard to do number one for two weeks left And the rain was number one bad blood number one three weeks back in polka by all and Joanna breaking up as hard to do we released again By the way, I like a lot of his songs, but how could he not be gay? Too fairy. Hey, I saw him again recently on something He's probably the most effeminate human being ever received he's got a wife at a whole bunch of kids He's just one one of those a feminine guys. That's all not all feminine guys are yeah all over his case I maybe he likes to spread it around I've gone interview with him. He's got a great sense of humor But boy arm flapping arm Exactly, that's an kneel a snack Yeah, too fairy right Anyway, I aren't you just a man. I shocked and dismay because all of the people from that 50s era like you know Elvis of course Infant's domino and Bill Hailey all of these people were in a Body holly none of those people could possibly be overlooked who would have been just a disgraceful correct and now Neil Sedeka who not only Saying but wrote some of the biggest hits and Neil Sedacca gets looked over oh my god. Hey Neil you fairy So, I can Right, let's see. Jordan for a lot of deals says and by the way the six person was not gonna be an Thursday And haven't he hits they were an influence big right and especially But he's several 100 years Joseph's cheap trick these bands are still out there playing over 100 shows here cheap print and blue oyster called What do you say the type of date on cheap trick it might be right around 80 think? It's gonna be close. I mean 78. I don't know blue oyster called certainly. Okay get him on it right away The chef funds. I'm not gonna argue for that because you're gonna say no Oh my god Who am I looking for cheap trick 79 they qualify cheap prey? Keeper I got one now that makes Neil Sedacca Chicago for aner all the others pale into insignificance You are gonna sit down on the floor put your head in your hands and cry for a hundred hours He was mentioned on the show today one time in passing one of his songs a man who is so and so related to rock and roll and he's not in there so I mean just I can't believe it. I don't want you. Let me give you the year run though Let me look again to make sure he's not in here. He's gotta be on here. Double check. Not on here. Let me look on his page Let me look on that page. Let me look on Taddy page everywhere. He's not on here. Okay, born Ernest Evans on October 3rd 1941 an Andrew South Carolina raised in Philadelphia did impersonations of famous singers first recorded for Parkway in 1959 Dick Clark's then-wife Bobby suggested that Evans changes name to Bobby Derby. Chubby checker. Oh No, how could Tubby check not the Bobby Derin's in it? Chubby checker dude is resemblance to a teenage fast domino cover version of Hank Banners the twist started worldwide dance craze on 4 1264 married miss world 62 Dutchborn Katharina Lodders Lady low written for her and the movies don't knock the twist and twist around a clock. I mean Chubby checker not being in a Music rock and roll Hall of Fame would be like they brew with nothing and they base roll all the things There we go How many times did they at least this amazing I want to step on number one Number one in 1960 again in 61 a we released over your later is number one for two worries Don't worry about it. Yes Okay, the limbo run top eyes. Let's switch again the fly Holy time was number one for three weeks What one you can we tell them here the story or the way of who was the Hank Banners at the original we decide It was that Clark who said that the Hank Banners was just way too dark Somebody that was a little more right. I'm sure fits him in a blank for column line thing Michael more was right about the Clark No, I'm sure that's what he's gonna Like that's why they gave Pat Boone all those songs to report right now. That's true That's absolutely true because Pat Boone he's saying like some of the supposed soul songs that he was white See, so it was okay like 2D fruity for example, and they were they were marketing Pat Boone's 2D fruity to the Wifehouse who wouldn't buy a little Richard 2D fruity because the richer was a little too fruity you're fairy But rock and roll in drugs man. I just remember that Trubby checker if you got that down It doesn't that I mean what are these people thinking about an every possible way in terms of the inner Vending granted he did write to song he ripped it off from a baller, but nevertheless he's the one who popularized the whole thing They even they even made a documentary about the twist they showed out in some of these cornball like the driving will be tender like that right Just unbelievable See leave it to our show to uncover the scandal of the century man on Acceptable crap and of course it figures they put it in a stick at and Cleveland Just family flies ago Remind When I get my dessert Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, We don't count but you go Recko Yeah, she really glows it's 147 fives. She's in the dark. It's the great purple outfit Anyway, George form we got some good news today the judge formally sends Scott Peterson to death All right, let's hear Slime ball anyway, now see if I would have read this story from very jackass on your earlier We wouldn't have asked a question but at least it created a little bit of suspense the dolphins entered a new broadcast area Today moving their game from WQM to sports talk 790 the ticket For at least the next two seasons and preparing for a few to the morning include WQMs Howard David and Jim Mandage You can assume there will be new announcements said your Bailey Cee of dolphins that are prizes sports talk 790 does not want an answer Who's host who host talk show host shows for QA my game read this managed early rejected an offer new talk show for 790 Which never made an offer to David very jackass by the way doesn't have an disclaimer today that the hero has a working association With 790 the ticket even though it's not a conflict of interest and we don't believe it Barry It's a sad day said man which must be paid off the fire for years of his dolphins contract for not working All right, it was 13 years of great enjoyment demand dog said David did who replaced Bill's infrared is a 2001 season as expected To announce college and NFL games first for the USA radio network. I'm disappointed a more fourth right approach was not taken by everyone involved Low Howard David What do you expect Molly ain't been around this year long enough to figure that out although the search for an answers is in the very early stages The team is believed to have interest in extra often then 790 talk show host Joe Rose and Jimmy syphilis for the endless job Rose works for NBC 6 said he couldn't do the job because of time constraints syphilis the worst for Channel 10 is interested He wants it. He wants it. You know Jimmy syphilis? Not personally. You know no you're fairie For play by play that often they're expected consider for more Marlins announced their boo shabby This is talk show for 790 instead of out of marketing candidates two ever guarded NFL announced is recently We're brought by their teams Mark Tampian of Detroit and Dorecinski of Carolina the team in 790 will collaborate on the And out the announced your highest Bailey said also 790 agreed to carry a one hour of dolphins programming daily the time and host of the show Not in determine coach next Sabin will do a weekly coaching show on 790 and likely another show on TV 2 That's the same next haven that told Joe Rose yesterday morning. I got a spary port on that. Oh You're only supposed to say nice things about us. You're one of us now Joe only say nice things about the dolphins How do you like that Nick save it you fairie right? So now they're gonna have to like buckle under you know the deal doesn't preclude save and replace them referring on other radio stations Baby said dolphins games also be carried on a yet to be determined FM station WKOM which had brought here comes the most important part of the whole deal Kevin you QA and we knew this which have been broadcasting dolphins games since 1997 I said it was losing money on the deal and of course that happens to be Especially last season when it couldn't sell a dollar a dollar on that stuff because of course when they started out like O and 85 it wasn't too promising and nobody I mean nobody wanted on board that crack right on the sinking ship So there you go there's the answer. I was gonna be doing it. I'm sure I'll leave it to him to say the details sports USA radio network and And then hector facts is in here and says as an old fart I would have good good for you. Heck you you'll meet both baby. There's nothing like it all far at least we're survivors He says I remember the following groups is being pretty good. Where earth did we mention where earth? I don't know if we mentioned them or they all the way did they're not in there. Hall of fame The King's cancer in there and manford man do why did he now man for man wouldn't be in there now? I don't know I don't think are they in the Hall of Fame. Yes the King's are another two or not Now here's another fact regarding the monkeys it says did you know You're ready. You're ready. I hate the library. Very good. Oh I hate libraries of anything There were very few live virgins of any song that really are you know preferable to the studio recorded one the original we had really complete right Tribute says are we don't too trippy but I'll do it anyway when three the original monkeys tried to regroup and tour in the late 70s It is the fourth Michael Nassman refused to join a group through the substantial income generated from his mother inventing and selling the rights for Liquid paper correction fluid to the three-year company. I do that you knew that yes I did Michael Nassman's mother invented liquid paper She was a secretary who was tired of making corrections the old fashioned way and invented the solution which went on to become the liquid papers Oh my god also the song sugar sugar was originally offered to the monkeys, but they refused to do it good for them I've more respect for them now this led by huge argument that only we resulted in the firing of Don Kershner is the show's music Sir musical supervisor nonetheless sugar sugar became a huge hit in 1962 for Kershner's late-created equation the Archies Which of course was a non group kind of like the people at the Hill there to sit around and decide what's gonna happen in southland the non group Oh Didn't we already take the last break sounded like it's the red we did. Yeah, we took the last break. Yeah, no, we didn't over We did the break in 152 what are you talking about Mr. We did No, I'm telling you we took the break. Well, what time was this in my am I losing it in my hallucinating? But possible having so much fun today did we skip a break somewhere? Oh, I guess we did okay. Here we go Why This Dr. Bunshun, please. My name is Dr. Bunshun. I'm the guy at Martin Avenue 3. Oh, we're all ready to go. Oh, those guys are always in the army. You saw the breathing or snakes were on the get-in. To do all of them to take this away. All right, Martin, I'm going to practice for a minute. Oh, we're all ready to take great dynamic and say, oh, they're ready to take one and get there. We, with the one and one, the mentality, oh, race to the Lord to forgive you. We enjoy so much. Take a point in here. Oh, we don't have to go back to the school. So this dark ability never went back and go. Whoa, we're beating this land. We're scared of the waves. Oh, we're beating this land. We're beating the water. We're beating the water. We're not pretty moving on to the door. No, I'm sorry, just to go. Hey, listen, he certainly got a better shelf in some of these people. Okay, here's what we got. 885 votes. What group are our should be in a rock and roll hall of fame, but aren't eighth fan of healing 1-14. Chicago 101. Rock 76, they're rushing up the ladder. Pied all died 51. Leonard Schenard 46. Guess who 41? Jim Crochet 36. The car is 29. Yes, 27. ELO 16. Steven Winwood 14. And I'll leave you the double digits. Trying to represent 14, monkey 13. Vote for people 13. The spinners 13. Bell Vikings 13. Blonde. He doesn't suddenly ensure 12. Super trampoline on the Ronstance 10. Day Clark 510. Bye bye.