Well, we had a lot of Lot of names on this list of who you hate In sports among players and we included some coaches too and Executives owners Pete Rose. He was on the list good These guys go wrong and now ski cool life can psycho worse Bobby Bowden that one surprised me. That's just some cane span of hates That's a fact. That's a yeah if they would have said Terry Bob I could understand then I could see spurrier though He's on the inside Yahoo factor but still expect on a list Do you think Terry was born with a finger up his nose? What a Yahoo man. Yep Who do you a more cave somewhere? What who do you hate in sports Pete Rose? That's it? No, I mean he's way up the top of the list Jose can say go go's what I'm saying even before the scare where I think we hated him He's a low life. He's a slime ball. There's a whole bunch of slime balls and sports This goes to great athletes is making good people or the other way around Some of these guys like Albert Bell Yeah, I got one for him but nobody would put it on here. It's Gary Betman Somebody had him. Did they good somebody else had Eric Wendris? Come on. Yeah, didn't like the way late left to it. I'll see you. Yeah, too bad people hate athletes He's a lot of different very good his parents would have problems. This father. Yeah, not your abs Over involved kind like the shindlers over involved, you know, I mean That's so that's another list. Yeah, yeah, I know the list Shindlers list oh no, I can't believe he said that oh I didn't get it to who we hated the radio station. I didn't think it was necessary Say that We're talking about I know what I get into that. Yeah, I know who you talking about. Absolutely yeah, I'll be listening for your crossover Oh, I too a clock. Yeah, hold your hold your breath. Let me just say one thing What did he do that? Well, I was a collar from what I gathered from my spy reports a collar Said, but you don't need a hang-do that cross over a 10-to-be-one. Why don't you do it? You know, yeah, and so all of a sudden one dates like one fifty seven here's a voice. You know Cut the craft. I got nothing to say to him. What do I have in common with him? What do I have to talk about with him? Will when's the next time he's gonna try to get us all fired? I mean, you know, that'd be good topic I have one thing I just want to get here before I leave and that is I'm on way way to play in the fundraiser or golf outing for the raise money for Gary Bullonjay who The space and considerable medical expenses is right in for another surgery and they are having an auction of a member billion 10 o'clock and If you want to get over there, it's at range we go off resort and it is a good cause he's You know, he got a terrible spill and he's about to go in with third surgery and Socky's aren't properly covered by insurance and so he's looking at huge medical experience You hear things they would be, you know, I mean, it's well They were and then what happened was the guilt dropped the insurance or sour for some reason in fact Jerry Bailey and Pat Dave resigned from the guilt over it because they would only ensure these guys up to a hundred thousand Our Pat day doesn't even sure and he can Jesus will take her a head off. That's right. Yeah Whatever happened to Doty dies Doty dies. I don't know I remember some were writing one somewhere in the Erasing Channel one. You know what? I think she was writing like a Charles town or someplace like that. I saw a name too So how are things up there things here are great. It's gonna be 59 today Shining wow bring is here man. It's incredible nice here today, so In fact, tomorrow's gonna be sunny and in the 50s it'd be a perfect Wednesday to go to woodbind tomorrow It sounds like a name. Yeah, of course even he never was raining It would be a perfect day to go with snowing in minus 10. It would still be a pretty good Wednesday I know what would find it. Yeah, I know what you mean. Well, I mean comes on Wednesdays it to a clock And I got to like get the hell out of here. So why not? You know, it's a good excuse. Okay, let's go and make a contribution You sound good. Yeah, you do sound like you're upbeat happy today. I am well We're in the trend see I didn't know anything about the trend until you said he asked you I asked Stuff last week when it was coming out. He said Friday. Yeah, well, we don't get any communication Since I'm not talking to him. He just shining us all together So I looked it up online and there it is Friday 11 30 in a morning So Friday will find out if we have if we still have a pulse But I'm taking a poll right now and you're beating the hell off of old the big head really yeah I would stir in left Hank 31 and big head 12 I would certainly bet on maddog over that afternoon show. Well come on It's like that's like bidding on a walk although I think I fire you I'd be a little concerned about the show that got on opposite you. Yeah, it's used and toast and I'm letting the fries Yeah, I'm pretty concerned about them. Yeah, okay. That's why you're so happy. Yeah Everybody should have competition like that stiff competition. Oh Speaking of that if the salespeople in today I don't know about them. Maybe they'll take another busman's holiday I know Troy Stratford. He's busy being a broadcast enough That's okay. I'm glad to see Troy get a little shot I'm gonna when it was back in him I said put him on the air damn, but maybe he's good on the air He's up and out These two Troy seven attend to Marnight. I'll check that out. Yeah, sure It should be pretty interesting. I'm not sure about many Marquez last night how he held up with Curtis, but he said many more Tases I think a little ticked off at me. Why is that? As you said he sounds like a retard. No, I said it's what I said like a guy. I'm Royce. Right Well, I thought you said he had a guy. He sounded like a guy with bad Roydes. Yeah, no, not those that come all other Roydes The kinds of host say in Jex. I see yeah, and now that you mentioned it It's that rage in him. You know, it's no no don't you remember who is going through that bodybuilding thing That's what I'm talking about it right the word But I right legend yeah, oh God well you have a nice day and I won't lose too much because I'm playing golf. I can't lose anything We'll do a good job out there. Okay. Yeah. This is a nice thing They're doing for for one. Jay and so I'm glad to be a part of that. Well good for you. Okay I got to size can't hurt you. No, not at all. I'll be riding your car though Right well, then we probably won't let you play But I have to get in and out of it, you know and hit the ball By the way, it disagree with you about Billy Martin although he didn't take dead people, but he was You know, you said he was fun, but he was really a slimy. Yeah, you know what he was both. Yeah. Yeah You lost line balls are fun. I had You know what Billy Martin was always nice to me and my sister. He liked He'd like my father and my father couldn't stand him. Yeah, we'll see there you go. Your father probably had better taste Yeah, well my father had to cover those teams, you know, right. That's what I mean He wasn't crazy about him and I'll tell you another guy. He didn't like very much was Roger Maris Really? Yeah Now you're treading on sacred ground man. I loved Roger Maris. He was my hero and he took so much crap That's a miracle he lived as long as I'm just starting as a person because he was in a shadow of man So he was always just still I don't want to go through it You know the deal. Yep Hey, man. I wasn't nice to everybody either. Well too bad. See in order to be a great athlete You don't have to be nice to people. You don't have to be a nice person just go out there to do your thing And it's just just like these movie stars who cares if they're nice people or not right if you enjoy their work That should be enough Good neck yep. There you go Well, you're a very nice person. I hope you have a nice day Who wow as they say in China enough of the sucking better great day You're a good job. There is a few but thanks You You Well, we just want to throw you're ready him already expecting no more than light shit chat about volume dancing Reporters and Tokyo were startled when actor Richard gear launched into a condomation of Europe's trans-lifts arms and arms and barge against China After promoting his new film shall we dance in which he co-stars with Jennifer Lopez Oh my god Gear grabbed the microphone and announced plans by the EU to lift the embargo imposed after Chinese bloody crackdown on protomocracy protests in 1989. I so agreed with your prime minister that the EU should not remove the ban against selling arms to Chinese He said I agree with him totally here's comments yesterday came today after visiting French president Jacques Shirock tried to modify the Japanese Prime Minister Jun Chiro Kui Zumi Do need to roll each year row. I thought he played baseball by saying that listening the arms and burger would not result in increase in weapons in time Richard and don't we can't see it's just goes in what Hank was saying there. What do we care about Richard here now if we like his work Or be different story we don't like his work and we don't like his opinion so get lost. You know take a hike Anybody in a like Richard year? I don't like it. But it's just he Jackson. We don't like him either Oh, yeah, how's that slept doing? I mean How's his a He's got a whole bunch of problems. He did a lot when you think his love child is outside He's got a bunch of a love child Yeah, what is the most divisive thing and where we got a whole bunch of polls here. I speak when in I'm gonna start doing that I like that Eric might not like it. I'm much all you know once he puts it on here I can switch him anytime I want what is the most divisive thing in the world was our poll question yesterday 1652 votes and religion It's just be everybody's pants off. I can't say pants 74 points 6% 1233 people said religion is the most in the are of course Absolutely correct money 175 politics 88 race 62 ethnicity He had language 28 education level 19 and sexual orientation as in you fare had only 17 So you see that I say religion religion is evil religion breeds hatred religion and I think that this whole Terry business Which I got 700 stories on it later on. I think that that whole thing is If you can find some good out of it Is that right showing just what a bunch of fundamental lunatics have fundamentalist of ticket over this country right given lots of light and lots of rope Shiny the light on them. I was thinking of trying the light Because I think this we only had the rookie ticket on her for a second she'd no better No, Mrs. Elinba I see for how they they're in that's creepy that really is mixed me know. It's yeah, I understand that To me to me that's like people that we don't have the courage of their convictions It's like James Carval and Mary Madeline. It's the same thing. How can you be so diametrically opposed unless it's all just stick in I guess What that's their show that's the right right. All course television everything is show business There's no mistake about that Guess what they had on crossfire when it's dying winning days last week I got left Ralph later a boy Ralph later and Bob Novak was there a broadcaster in the house? That was like letting martes and Somebody in front think of any way that would make sure right lay martes in this two gods Which in these you care about least we asked sneak that one in there. We're this morning 151 votes American Idol 70. Thank thank the Lord. Thank Anybody for that our crowd doesn't care about them or well We don't have the American Idol crowd that's the young, you know the tanks. Yeah, how the South Beach crowd what South Beach crowd? Somebody cares about it 12 year old girls that necessarily said this guy is proud 12 year old sluts college hoops 23 Well after after American Idol these are you know Michael Jackson crowd 22 steroids and baseball 14 The Christianizing of America only nine Terry Shival nine and earthquake in eight year four Like 300 to 2000 dead is what they said and the reason I didn't get all with them about that yesterday is unlike the rest of the media I mean all they're gonna be another tsunami Well, they didn't know and they didn't look cover likely and it did not happen Thank goodness you know why that earthquake happened, don't you? They're he does no because the Lord is really foaming it to moth against all these self-proclaimed Christians that are whipping up all this crap in Florida And of course you'll say well, how come it happened in Asia then he's got that aim? No, that's always been God's problem as he has bad aim Speaking about aim stay a little bit away from your room computer monitor there, please We've got Haven Gaston who's a Bimbo model, etc. I'm not these marginal people I'm not gonna look up bios and stuff like that especially since we're phasing into this And I'm in this kind of a Bimbo people on their right just Look really good what difference is it make who they are or their you know statistically You know, that's a little bit of an extra throw when it's the famous person Now what is her name Haven Gaston Haven Gaston she looks like Cito Gaston I'm not who especially found her baseball player manager It's not a big world but it's making. Maybe that's a bad picture of her I mean she's got ample bazombas there, but she just I don't know she looks like one of the what was the spice girl That went out on her own there and what that was really hell a well. Very good So I've tried I've got a brain fart on her right for get her huh? I don't blame you she's awful. I remember the only important parts about her. Oh really well same was your friend Haven Gaston But she's on air the prices right take a quick look before Alberto Gonzalez Come to knock on a door and say yeah, or Alberto Gonzalez He had what he had made is come knock on a new door and take your answer way and show you and just put you a lot of them private planes Right, where do we see you again? Think you would like to eat it to be whipped and beaten and just a little guy Or raped it at 10 14 at 5 16 WQM is no My name is Mark and why I played the game the baseball since I was nine years old I love and respect Sarah what you I've been a person who the spread rumors or Said things about teammates that could hurt them. I will do everything in my power to help to steroid use and baseball and Create Jeopardy for my friends when I was lucky enough to secure my last major league contract One of the first things I did was if you harm friends and respected teammates I am also offering to be spokesman of performance enhancing drugs most importantly every little eager pony league high school college player He's to understand that performance enhancing drugs will solve the problem. Thank you very much Thank you Mark that way to go baby another slime ball 10 18 in a liar compulsive liar. I mean just absolutely made a jackass and so not that we care about that. Do we know Which do we already did that about the which of these you care about? At least I got so many pools here. I came here. I wish what I'm doing next. Okay. Here's the one it's on it right now. Well I was good to have a spare which of these applies to your morning listening habits is this week We're gonna be like, you know, stick it all ready almost April now the trends come out on Friday So since it is April fools day no matter what the numbers are I'm gonna say like oh we got a 30 share look at that Number so popular on the show anyway look at that Maybe we just got 30 people listening left think Maybe not that much which of these applies to your morning listening habits? Okay. Well, let's take a look What we got on earth and say I I sneak these on there when you least expect it see, but I start checking very sneaky 198 votes on his pool so far since turn left. I listen I Hank all right. Let's hear it Hey, put it for the hump or 61. I only listen to Neil on Qn 42 21% Joe rosin a m28. That's not this so great 28. That means not bad, but yeah Era, America in the M14. Oh boy. What is that they got you we spring around there now from 90 new something like that in the morning Jerry springers on by the way nine to known for those of you that don't like us NTR in the morning 13. I was George's vote George doesn't listen to Hank you listen to NPR Right, so last stop personally we like Hank a lot but George is not a sports fan You know what I don't listen to sports talk radio period. I want to hear some news I don't want to hear any of it. I don't want to hear bad. Oh here you go Bob and Tom had that under right away How could we forget Bob and Tom we love Bob and Tom and they are on the ear and Palm Beach County. Thank goodness They're not in the ear and they're very very good Bob and Tom you got it. We got it Brian in the Palm Beach County says I love it. I guess he's on in Palo wherever Brian is I listen to them on a way to work almost to be more into our 98.7 out of West Palm Beach You catch it all the way down to 5.95 most days You couldn't pay me listen to Paul and Ron they suck while a couple of very excellent points They're Brian as a man was very good taste Paul and Ron suck is what he said Little shot there for a full party and Ron. I'd finish with the I didn't finish going on list tonight. No. No Joe Rose 28 I said NTR era American AM 15 I listened to this year not another station 11 Well that couldn't be not willing to Palm Beach for them But that be easily stationary with our West Coast. That's bad. Right. Oh, man Sipening off some of our audience there you bastards you you lunatics you graver Roberts can you believe that? Probably probably got to be the Palm Beach station. Do anything maybe if you know on that the West Coast and April station So not only did they give us that disastrous experiment with Stern, you know They give us and they take it away and they chop it up like Swiss cheese But then they are competing with their own other station That sounds like I got big lawsuit to me All right see this Mr. on the other station 11. Don't listen to radio and a m8 Paul and Ron and a m8 since sir left no QA M and a m8 I listen to music radio and a m5 out of 2012. So it's a good variety there how about a m and a PM? How about that okay and hurt? You're really okay. So that's when we got so far there. We're just very poll intensive today We don't want to go back into a more that food stuff. Let's speak in a crazy religionists and I apologize for my redundancy Let's take some of these calls first. Oh, because we got to get some of the chronics out of the way WKM hello I know you know I see there you go the best WKWM hello Oh WKWM I told you the chronics are already waiting QAM hello chronicline and then yesterday you talking about forum What is the forum then you never told me? Well, I was a forum Look at the mirror. Okay, it's kind of a reward movie rich man for under man Get out of here. Oh, I look at your home in caution 5 670 5 60. You know, let's get a bunch of these good calls in before we start with this Have a dude in the tier. Okay. Yeah, I like it That's the bread what we're laughing about these we already had some fantastic call there That's right. We could get them all over again lying. QAM hello Hey, you know any new don't you go on a beer? How big are your friends? Go on national about the serious no And I'm a I'm not a QAM loser anymore I say what I listen to some of the UM broadcasts and I can't believe it Joe's a Gaki and the feast are the broadcasts for UM sports I can't believe I either that that's a good point. Oh, huh? Well, we want to apologize. Okay, profusely. I'm very sorry I want to speak on behalf of our management anybody associated with this radio station We apologize profusely because everybody knows that But that's be said that's only professional. That's not personal. That's business And it's not debatable. It's a matter of fact, you know But then again that whole UM thing. I mean who wants to hear you once for us anyway? When I was broadcasting the baseball was fun I'd but nobody you know who the whole would listen to it anybody want here college baseball Especially in such a big sports market is self-floor I'm not in baseball my ass college basketball come on get with it I mean college basketball at a different level right now like those Spartans George is all whipped up about Saturday's game against North Carolina Better oh yeah Josh's roots for North Carolina You know Josh court has turns out to be a real schmuck. What is your story no matter what team I'm rooting for and I will not watch the game. I'm not pretending to be all of a son of college basketball fan I don't really care just affect I went to Michigan State for about five minutes and so if I happen to see the game I of course I'm gonna root for them But I could go out of my way to watch it. All right. That's fine. The only reason I'm rooting for North Carolina is because I have For some for what you say that's all yeah, right one here cuz a one. Oh, you got a bed goal And again, oh you've had a perfect in QA me degenerate I'm a gambler if there's nothing if there's anything worse than gambling I haven't discovered it yet God Shame on you don't you understand the Lord is gonna like strike you down He's gonna he's gonna put like a shazam on you man. Just like Jim neighbors shazam Maybe could miss gonna stick it. Yeah. Well, this has that aim you're right. You just better pray that he misses W QA and hello It was his rat. Oh, that was a very very bad guard. Oh, you know, that was that was the all time more a severe girl practice Garling okay like maybe with some ground glass of be good W QA and hello Hey Neil I do it okay Listen, I just and then I'm I have missed it. I heard yet Rick and says on the poll where are they? I had Rick and says on the pool no Bob and Tom not Rick and says we're kind of aren't on the year So be kind of hard to listen to their show in the morning. Yeah Well, you know where they are did they get out of it or let me say again do not on the air Sud says I would George when I'm on vacation such comes in one day get some free food and Rick is a vanish Oh man, that was the reason we had Rick and says you and then Phil Henry. Yeah Well, it's in a past baby you can't live in a past to begin with a program pal. He has all done and then GFO and Matt later on Yeah, okay, well good luck to you. Okay, there's not the guy who's stuck in the past stuck in a in the time tunnel with James Duran Jesus Don't let you just hate that all right That was a good thing back when Randy was on there Yeah, I reconciled that Phil Henry Are you sure all that's you know it all great go go listen to some old tapes okay get out of our face, you know I'm sure a model T was probably a very admired automobile back in the day I'll stick with my Corvette thank you. Alright, you know some get my voice back today. Yeah, I was I was flirting there with some bad learn you're I said was right on the edge yesterday all of us are really struggle this look with that I think once you get to like 250 pounds again. I think it's kind of hard to squeak it out You know just like Terry she's trying to speak three hearts No, it's like one of the stories today where the shimmers are claiming that she was trying to say Yeah, yeah, and then on her stomach remember Linda Blair it's in help me Help me showed up right under public. Yeah, remember that's the name of the system Maybe that's the problem. Yeah, if they would just looked in the right taste for crying out loud They just find it help me Stuff like that I don't want to sound insensitive, but just die already unless you know, you know Not seriously 15 years of dying is already long enough 26 past 10 at 5 60 WQ and let me like naked Don't miss MTV's newest reality series the Lindsay low-hand's dad show featuring Lindsay low-hand's dad at the supermarket Oh, whoa, sir. You have a tape that he's superior. Oh my god, I'm Lindsay low-hand's dad That's the bar they give me another double-skot Have you had enough? Oh, I have it. I'm Lindsay low-hand's dad even at the video store have taken this copy of me Go you can take that Well, you think you are I Lindsay low-hand's dad Bill Lindsay low-hand's dad show follows Lindsay low-hand's dad wherever he goes as long as it isn't within a hundred-yard radius of Lindsay low-hand Hey, you're not allowed on the movie set. Oh, you don't want him. Yeah, you're Michael low-hand Oh, I'm not I'm Lindsay low-hand's dad He's Lindsay low-hand's dad on the Lindsay low-hand's dad show only on MTV and sometimes court TV 1032 at 560 Q and do we care about Lindsay low-hand? Oh, not on the show. We don't part of it. We did. I see which part Just and be a little well. You can't see that. Don't care about how about the rectum That's in the straw because of jury's Bible reading The Colorado Supreme Court threw out the death sentence Monday of a man convicted of raping and killing her cocktail waitress because jurors can Selfie the Bible during deliberations How do you like that? The courts at Bible passages including diverse that commands an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth could lead jurors to vote for death The justice is ordered Robert Harlem the served life in prison without parole for the 1994 sling of Ronda Maloney Harlem's attorney challenges this ends up to discovering Five jurors had looked up Bible verses copied some of them down and then talked about them behind closed doors Prosecutors said jurors should be allowed to refer to the Bible or other religious text or individual relations with a guest loved the answer was It's throughout the death sentence So here's a guy who's a murderer right killed a cocktail waitress after he raped it and did her and He gets off because of the jury was busy waiting from the Bible while they were doing their deliberations That nice no America for you baby a bunch of crazy religion And what they are they got there God this was got this God and that Jesus and a Pope and all these other So yes crap and we wonder why the world's in the shape of it is today I'm just I say the sun is shining on me. I'm real happy. You know I'm not sure I can worry about it It is changing sunny this morning anyway. Well sunny here right now man. It's beauty is it is just fabulous in case Paul's And you know fat Paul from whatever states there on these days that would over there look at that down the road already It's gonna be 15 today sunny and 59 day and you're probably sneak up to the 60 degrees here today I realize it's not you know like human in 95 like it is there. Oh, let's see why isn't a big you fairie? No, no, not that one They're used to be it and that's poppin now. It's you fairie why isn't the big oh any morning pool? That's how I start my day. Well, let's do that right away Let's correct that the greed is oversight right right right But how do we do that now? He's on five to seven. We're not talking about it. He deserves a fair shot Okay How's that that's fair? Okay put the big one there. Okay. Big go in an But I mean see that he's not on the same time as Hank or Joe Rose or these other shows were talking about put him on there anyway It might come feel better. Okay. He thinks I hate him anyway, so put the big go on there What was he did that? What what do you hate him? I don't hate him just kidding I just hate him on the air. He's all alone. I'm saying it one thing. He's a little bit of then Lini Martez on here, which isn't saying much He's not very good on the air big girl. He's got that he can't help but he's got that sound plus he has no idea what he's talking about Other than that he's pretty damn good So wake up with a big in a morning on Q.A.M. Even though he's the nobody's talking about although he is Rock solid. Okay. Let's see what we got so far. This is one of them controversial polls about the shows from the past Haha So your buddy man you're pal you found him. I don't know what had you dug him up I have no idea where you found that guy. I probably have to track oh, yeah, yeah, my guy Yeah, yeah, the track people. Well, you hang out at the right pasture. You and Derek in fact Give them a bad news. These haven't even calling ever since which of these applies you're morning listening habits since turn left I listen a Hank 82 left here is for the fat Humper let's hear it 82 the thumper I don't know listen to Neil on QM 60 I look at that just change again 84 for the Humper 72 for yours truly only it's 20.6% which that isn't good see we got this exclusive QM on his station We got to get those people to branch out if you want to problem with that they don't care about sports see what I'm saying right Joe Rosen AM stuck at 38 he's a fallen way behind the B.H. you'll see NTR and AM 23 very intellectual people like little George there 23 a lot of people think George is just a slob and a fervor which he happens to be both but he's also a little intellectual I'm a clean slob the right 23 for NPR Listen to Sturn on another station 21 I sure hope it's not that easily station or West Coast that would be bad era America in the AM 20 hmm Go listen to radio in the morning 12 that's me since Dirt left no QA M and A M 12 no QA M and A M but a good B M and a P M Paul and Ron and A M 11 I listen to music radio in the AM 7 and of course music radio on South Florida is like in a oxy moron anyway right not it's like an oxy cotton isn't it really I'll tell Rush yeah let me help start sticking a radio and he spat POS Bob and Tom and A M 4 and the big watch is one honor the big piece of the remedy votes yet for the big goal come on somebody give me somebody vote it'll make him feel like a real man Puerto Ricans are the happiest people in the world in spite of George's study shows I do like that I don't know where it had the hostile feelings about the Reekans all these terrible racist things that you've said over the years about our Puerto Reekan friends I'm think I haven't even Huh we have PRRL he's a friend no he's not a friend of the show No he's not he's not I don't remember he gave us the bed information about the game and rain out that day was full of crap no no no the game was not played we just pretended to so that we could get credit no let me see it again he gave us bad in front of him he's another one of these nobody's another chronic I want to latch on he's a clingon is what he is he's a Puerto Ricans clingon see what he's done is the way down there in San Juan they have a way of taking care of Puerto Ricans clingons but anyway like leeches you know remember what I used to do with me to start put him in a bottle I would have been chairman indeed it says here this U.S. territory meaning Puerto Rico sandy beaches and lush rain forest posted families and endless celebrations is home to the happiest people in the world according to a new study you happy oh yeah okay well never mind the low in town or the high murder rate the double digits unemployment or the troubled public schools Puerto bacon say emphasis on extended family and easy warmth among even strangers and a readiness to celebrate anything anywhere at any time but all contribute to a high quality of life in Puerto Rico there were 500 festivals in Puerto Rico nearly 365 days years as Francisco Cabo a U.S. Army Medicaid for if you can't in your San Juan that's a lot of fun on the skidley says 500 festivals in this year in 65 days U.S. ranked 15th among 82 societies in the study by the Stockholm Sweden based World Value study which is based on interviews with 120,000 people representing 85% of the global population that for the U.S. ahead of Britain Germany and France Japan China and Russia but behind Mexico Colombia and Venezuela Ireland the Netherlands and Canada well immediately sticking out there is Colombia Netherlands a lot of drugs huh yeah is a way la our Ireland rather a lot of drugs see right and a homestacle when the Canada could have been any more either these subjective well-being rankings are part of the largest social science study ever the one part the world values survey now going investigation by global network of social scientists measures social cultural and political change in all six populated continents i think it wasn't a better start measuring real fast there at one part of Asia before like disappears i don't want to be insensitive right i think they should have some tourists like we have full disappeared just get you that's tourists and that's the end of the tourist and how will that that's all gone although it's pedophiles are going to stop going to Thailand pretty soon if they don't want to have the and maybe that's what maybe that's why it's going on there maybe God has good name there you are huh that's right that's what it is right maybe is going a little bit better he's going to show them a thing or a culture which is next among the findings as societies grow well the earth they ship priorities are maximizing income the maximizing well being that means individuals become likely to choose jobs based on how interesting the work is not simply how much it pays to the university Michigan political scientists Ronald Engelhardt chairman of the survey communities mean while growing more likely the sequestering for type the environment even if the measure they choose may slow economic expansion but this is too soon intellectual for me another key finding as they grow well for your societies become more tolerant of differences among members and as they become more insistent on personal freedom but certainly is not happening in the USA they're certainly not to many more personal freedom and are certainly not more tolerant other than that it's right on here's the life satisfaction happiness rankings i think i'll do it after the break we got the top few top five and they bottom five exclusively after years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation since boy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition thanks for granting us this interview Brian Brian do you have any idea how he targeted you sound tell you what i mean here's how you sound at back in 62 from this early beach boy recording session okay wait wait wait wait wait listen you like it oh that's very nice Brian did you like it little hard to dance to you like it yeah very very nice Brian the Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition do you like it oh yeah master capital they're able to know aren't eBay do you like it well i've got to be going it like it no really 10 46 a Q and so the rubber and Jesse Jackson is a professional or jumper pocket tour i'll get back to that happiness pull on a second but we're less happy now he's sticking his nose in his business they wouldn't let him in there to see a portary but he have a dixie couple water nobody didn't have a two and he's trying to stick a man you know what they said about Jesse he'll stick your word and what are we with it yeah who doesn't and so who's out there waiting to introduce the rubber and who was not out of the win side to see a portary uh is a Randall Terry right here is an accurate they talk about a sellout huh what is that tell you about that have any principles okay you fully baloney uh plan to increase a crap you Jesse and then in meantime my he's uh anybody's not doing his radio show with Michael Jackson on there we're bringing about how they're picking on him and all the all the black illuminaries get the picked on right him and Nelson Mandela what a power crap you know but he's in there trying to get like three senators to sign on is if that's gonna change something so they can be insert the cube yeah see I put that in the uh cube and the thing now because I guess we're gonna be using that cube a lot okay Randall Terry and Jesse Jackson man if that isn't a perfecto for you I don't know what could be is that unbelievable or what uh little talk about can co-havening with uh swastwine what is it i'm trying to say total sellout anyway the Spanish speaking society is important week oh Mexico Colombia al Salvador and Venezuela for instance already did happy the most of us in Europe well Spain itself proud most of the region what does that mean uh i don't know similarly the French German and Italian speaking peoples of Switzerland already significantly happy than the people's a French German in Italy huh culture may also color responses in Japan for example which is noted for a value in conformity one maximum holds that the nail that sticks out will get pounded down responded maybe less likely to identify themselves is very happy or very unhappy they're kind of like comcee com sa consequently despite its tremendous wealth Japan ranks 40 second of 82 societies last among industrialized nations they're not happy there maybe because they're so damn many of me I think that might be it I could be in everything that extensive really really yeah Puerto Rico seems less reserved about for claiming its happiness they per capita gross domestic product there is less than half of that in the US mainland while the homicide rate is more than three times as high factories that have helped to fuel the mass migration of islanders to the US mainland still to locals this land of endless summer is la isla del en canto it's on the license plate la isla del en canto yeah sure the lines have everything is to be very optimistic in many ways to the ligarcia a radio and tv show host newspaper commas and motivational speaker in Puerto Rico you give land americans open space and music in a drink in our hands and we're happy say there you go i do do more than that open space music and a drinking your hands get started okay now here's the best number one lifesteads tax happiness ranking number one Puerto Rico number two Mexico number three Denmark Denmark or a cup of nagan han Denmark they got the typically gardens very boring they got a lot of uh booze number four speaking of booze island number five Iceland which i'm sure all they do is a pile right i thought they had a huge suicide rate or something nice where Iceland what are those oh these country Sweden well that too then too all those really i think green line i mean one of the worst number seventy eight is Russia number seventy nine is Armenia number eight is Ukraine number 81 is in Bobway and number 82 is in don't need you and this is what we're thinking before yesterday hey like that the allegiance ain't too happy today go that's the latest of these 80 million surveys that they take who's happy who's unhappy who likes this etc. in so on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the uh Verizon singular wireless line Jesse Jackson and Randall Terry man that should say how how low America's come scraping the bottom WQAM hello hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey doing the oh thanks pretty good good group yeah i've gone crazy this week and see these parents with their six and seven and twelve you'll kid that here praying for shovel it's driving me nuts oh i guess i don't know what i'm going to know and i don't know i'm going to smoke and i might use an apple there you go five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty jube on a Verizon singular line next up is going to break out of the uh vong song or maybe just the vong show how's what's his name doing check in bearer sir you know i saw that movie and it wasn't bad as a movie you write and i'm sorry i just feel like i've write it in the beginning to say this is all you know budget crap just and right i'm not a bad movie it was can i agree with it and we wish pretty entertaining not that anybody in the right mind believes that right is according with a hitman not anyway they're converted with uh jp Morgan and what was the silly or queen with a big mustache oh uh ripper Taylor ripper Taylor that's a one year oh what what is that about um i notice even on squeal of fortune now is that every time they have a male contestant he is always by nine out of ten it's your turn i'm not a ten of honor this real screamers huh it's your turn is a matter of fact one guy in there like last week you know at the end of the show when they when they win they go to the bonus round on we love fortune and they always say well who's out there and he oughting who you got me got these that will husband or the wife or the uh you know friends what i said time he's my uh my partner my partner excellence how do you like that you have a lot of pride wow that's not to myself do fairy oh i wonder where he's got that baby the toy that's in how do you all in this here's your buddy PR raffle why you send in this to me you see when courage these people r i'll see you know hurt in reference to accusations i only relayed the issues i's not nothing to an issue was bad information you told us that the game was rained out before it was okay which it was a very important moving for tante to us i'm a go because we wanted that time off we wanted to rest because we're slackers like everybody else in this station like everybody else in now you hurt my feelings we should kiss and make up no not at all that's for you a raspberry yeah since i'm the one who long go deliver the donny osman records to you when you're on six ten well that's okay who cares i had done the asthma right there in the studio what are any of these records it was it to take pictures no it was up before you were working oh yeah donny osman is his wife or his wife left me really limp you know she was uh in the school in a control room looking you know donny's wife yeah with with great disapproval especially some of the persons i was asking him she was like a and really really puny pacing up and down like a like a pregnant a fox shoot looks and p r r r s is a motocling on a hate star track i just you're you're a pig on he's a wannabe he's alright no he's not alright he's not well he is Terry Shival just spoken it says i had and this you know how many of these we've had already you want to be kicked in last week this isn't funny okay it's not funny and juicy fruit yeah the uh the Indian and the cook was it's not funny and it's not original everybody in their brother is a past this around and it's juicy fruit. Try and I'll uh what is wrong with the people in sensitive and road test awaiting comments by the Reverend Jesse Jackson oh boy stopping the judicial action and there's Rick Sanchez narrating what could be a more perfect scenario all away around you got Rick Sanchez Randall Terry and the the ever opportunistic Jesse Jackson who never met a photo off he didn't like for both him and Bob and Mary Schiller and Bob was Mary Schiller that little man and boy has that guy doing by the way speaking of people brain data never that guy went to know coma two before he crows does that kind of opposite you said they got rich yeah kind of interesting it's the Indian and the young man Rick Sanchez hit that guy front of the estate and he went into a vegetative state and then he died yeah and then he got away and hello yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what does that mean you remember the last one not even the president yeah yeah you got to have a good stop and some bad stuff yet at screen how about Michael Jackson is that the yeah last figure's okay I hope that maybe you can go sleep with him you're too old 560 pound 560 out of a rising singular right as well how about that illegitimate child huh that love child yeah he's an American hero he's a slime ball is what he is another low life B.S. artist all he can turn anything into a racial thing just he that in fact Terry probably is going to turn out to have like a little black inner before a river river Jackson gets done there was all these people are reverence river noticing I should be honest it sure come in a Q.A.M. hello revered line Q.A.M. law one never is never there Q.A.M. hello hello once yes sir hey Neil yeah hey don't I had a radio active this morning fire report Ron Ron I know they'd probably already run Ron and Ron so I run Ron Paul Ron sorry I know if I know there's a rick and you'll often doing a bit that they're rejoined now you know this morning they did uh they were going to do a Michael Jackson update to the trial and they played one of their own productions horrible and it was safe safe safe safe and they they ripped off a whole line from your bit about the factions the little boys give me you know whatever oh my god three times they use that course and then they threw in a little bit of their own lyrics good hope somebody turns them in mail they get a $50 million fine all right thank you no thanks to the bad news when are you gonna at least they're consistent okay apply to another matter rip off artists you never had to original email and you fart it smells like omelettes is what I'm hearing and now what they say yeah and I'm like alternate Tuesday and Thursday they said it smells like toast you're like to tell him where to stick that Q.A.M. we got the moment on his kill this is the real Roger Show this is your thank. frei first forever yes I'm a woman, I don't need it. Now all the papers say. And now all the papers say. Jesse's got a love and child. You put the baby to me, yes. Well done, boys, papers. Me, I'm jammed. And you play, you play. Like it's spicy. Not for my, yeah. He's in trouble. It would say, oh, yeah. What happened? The big part of content's team. Yeah. And the movie was not a bad boy. It was not a bad boy. It was a bad boy. We just had you round. The old blockbets were these two-key girls. The two-key, expensive, and brand new chair-care. Maybe you get a little bit fat. And then they're moly gave her a word. So we constantly would have been in the queue on her. And it was something Jesse's got a love and child. Yeah. You're just gotta make sure you will don't force papers. Me, I'm jammed. Yeah. And you're on the road and wanky. He's like sister, I see. Not to mind her, yeah. And I ought to be the more money he's in trouble. And we'll see. Come on out. Yeah. You get someone that's very good money. A big part of content's team. Yeah. Give me a little fuck. I'm gonna be with this balance being you. Yeah. And what I can do is make this was not a milk industry. Yeah, come on. Give her somebody I read my money. So you know, it's back in the day when pedigual was doing some funny stuff. Yeah, remember those days. Yeah, that was a long time ago. It's 11.25. 60 WQA. And wait to hear this fast. We got man. It is incredible. Right on target. Two is matter. I think we ought to have people like marching and protesting outside the QM studios to make sure that Lenny Martinez has never put on the ear again. He's a good guy personally. Yeah. Okay. Here's the poll so far. Which of these applies to your morning listening habits? And of course morning could be spelled either way, with or without a you. For 113 votes. Since during like I listen to Hank, 103, the Humper. You want it? Thanks. And there are all of you. That was funny. Only listening to Neil on QM 90. Joe Rosen AM 53. So I speak in a little dog by about two to one. He's beaten a pants off of him. Listen to Stern on another station 34, which had better not be that beastly station. I'm going to like have a congressional investigation. This is because we get done with Bob Franken on CNN and Terry Shrivel and Jesse Jackson and Randall Terry. And of course the urban pact. What's his name? Mahoney. NPR and AM 31, including George. Are American the AM 31. Paul and Ron and AM 15. Well they like our material so much they want to hear it again. Since Stern left no QA, M and A, M 15. Oh, there's Jesse. Police sources tell me that his pants is advanced. As a sure them that he's not planning to try and get arrested. Not planning to trust us. And the strongest indication of that is he's going to be holding a new conference afterwards and making himself available to the media. Now of course all of this almost obscures the story here which is the story of a woman who is dying. Oh yeah okay. Let's see. Since Stern left no QA, M 15. Bob and Tom and AM 14 look how fast they're moving up. They're good. They're great. Don't listen to radio and AM 14. In fact let me ask you this. I don't want to go through it. You know I'm thinking. What do you think of it? I'm going to hang. What? Nothing. No cause Hank was kicking ass for all his years in the afternoon and doing great in Mad Dog and I had two to four slimes and if we had Bob and Tom and AM, see what I'm saying? Yeah it's been suggested before over the years. But then again what have they got to do with sports? You don't even have to talk about like when the Indy 500's going on. Oh the sports show. Go listen to radio and AM 14. I was listening to music radio and AM 12 and the big old. Finally got one and I was a sympathy book because I said somebody please vote for the big. And they did. Thank you. The big old thanks you. They make them feel like a real blood cast. Not as good as any of our test and spigas I had here's a fact this is one of the great facts we've ever gotten. You know the college generally speak in most of our crap but the facts is pretty good. What ever happened to our friend Lyle by the way? Remember he said he wasn't going to be a chronic. I don't know what he said. Oh please come on. He said he wasn't going to be a chronic. Oh probably the student name of the trees. And when you run vacation last week you should have seen somebody stuff that got through you know that I was being sent by my girl because you know he's unaware of most of the things that I've been saying. But yeah they didn't wait. That's why you say the facts are great. I said you want out of 10. No but they are great. You don't think so. The one on the 10 that I said you were great. I'm not talking about the garbage. No that's another good point. The facts you didn't pick into is through. I suppose it's the phone calls we got like you know actually. I think it's like a QA. Hello. Hey Niel. Yes sir. The thing about our shirt. I used to list the house sure not about big house. Turned fan. Right. You know. I would rather not listen to it. Or have it all chopped up like that. There's no way it was unlicinable. And the quote something from 90 more says. It was unpoignant. That they waited. Okay. Red dick call. Okay. Everybody's proud of not letting our taz. That's because he was a good sign. No. He was out with Curtis last night. 7 to 10 o'clock. Which is not really what you call. Pimo time listening time. But somebody must have been hearing it. And of course they're not too happy about it. I apologize for it. Our management forgave them father because they know not what they do. There's other good example. I mean, I came in yesterday afternoon to do something. I guess it checks something online. And I opened up the pod. As I'm in the habit of doing for getting course that. It was on. And I heard that that squeaking going on. And I thought what is that? How can that be? Right there in the middle of the night. You know, how can that sound? And by the way, he'll be on 7 to 10 tonight at Hollywood Dogtweller. It's his little warning. Curtis is on by himself for to seven. Mad dog will be back tomorrow for those who write this. Kagele down on your wrist like me in Momento. Now, here's a fact from Bob and Carl Springs proving what I'm saying. The facts is many of them are great. The ones that get here. He says, um, 52 years old or congratulations Bob. Your young pup compared to no fart like me. 52 years old. I've been listening to radio for 45 years. Look, yes, what Bob? I've been working in radio for 45 years. How do you like that? Oh, geez. I started waking up to her boss, Renneson on the AM Powerhouse 77 WABC in New York City. Hello again. Here's my best to you. Remember her boss, Renneson? Of course not. Yeah, but you heard some of them jingles. Yeah. I'll always WABC jingles. They were great man. It was the heyday of radio personality radio. And radio was really great when AM radio was something that people actually wanted. They coveted it. They loved it. They were part of their lives as opposed to just a bunch of static. Anyway, Bob says, because of business, I lived all over the country. I've been able to listen to some great personalities and markets like LA, Dallas, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington, D.C. New York City, and now Miami. Sure, folks like you, Hank, Mad Dog, Jaworz, etc. Our true professionalism. I'm sure if I broadcast a mistake to be a choice anywhere in the US. Hey, however, and of course Bob telling you something that we already know, but it needs to be said again, Bob. You're right. However, in general, the Miami for a lot of the radio market sucks. Absolutely correct. And in particular, W.Q.A.M. is unique. He says, sure, new up in numbers need a break. In the fact that folks like George and Curtis Stevens, son, are given an opportunity as great. Both have matured and grown in joy. But listen to. However, are your programmers deaf? Not listening or don't they give a shmit? As Bob, see even he's using my material. Last evening, I had to turn off Q.A.M. because of the Lennie Martez. Not because of Lennie Martez, but because of the, let like a thing. And I think he's got a point. Lennie is more like a thing than like a person. Does he have a speech impediment or his hands? He has a stroke. He is horrible and 100% unlicinable is what Bob says. 100% unlicinable. Man, oh man. He's enough to make you want to take the tube. Allowing him on the ear reticates any part of professionalism. W.Q.A. may be trying to obtain. Professionals like you, Hank, managed to do insist that he be removed and never a lot in the same room as a microphone is what he says. That's what Bob says in Karl Springs. I like that. Are we going to insist it? I mean keep in mind. So he's a long problem. Yeah. This is the same station that put the crow on the ear. Who is not only unlicinable but unliterate. I like that one. Yeah, unliterate. He just, uh... Everyone, everyone, manny, remiries. Right. I mean, makes for some comic relief. You know. What, what can I tell ya? We just got bad management man. We got mismanagement. You were a nice skirt, bad haircut. mismanagement. Just like we could do it. We said two weeks ago yesterday. Wasn't it two weeks? Time flies. What? Because you were there. When we had that episode. Oh yeah. Would Joyce and Dalham Clarence and a bunch of nervous Kelly have over the spherical people. That right there should tell you everything you know about the kind of outfit that we're working for. That's why you hear that kind of swirl on the ear. I mean, we got plenty of bodies around. Right? Yeah, we got bodies. No, no seriously. Like for example, Troy and then the beast on out of big beast fan quite frankly as far as on the ear. But he certainly is a hell of a lot better than a lady more taz or a evading. Huh? Yeah. You have to ask the management of our radio station Bob. Why it is that they put on people who on the very face of it are absolutely unlawful. Unqualified to be on the rear voices from a hell who make a sound like scratching the nose on a blackboard like that bit we got, you know. Right. That's enough by the way. I agree. That one. Maybe I'll even do it. All right. I'll pay to any more testing too. Whatever you're driving. Yeah. You're accusing me of picking on the Puerto Rican. Oh, a seat Puerto Rican? Yes, he is. Very dark. They have them there. I understand that. And so, and how about in Cuba they don't have dark hosting. You're a little bit. Are you picking on dark folks now again? Not me. Next thing you're going to be picking on the Reverend Jesse Jackson man and his love child. Team on you man. Team on you. Jeff, racist. Thanks to you. What are we going to do about those Americans by? Okay. Here's the deal. Which of these applies to your morning listening habits is a very, very important pull when a trend coming out Friday morning at 11 30 people are going to be listening all over town. Maybe 11 30 they're going to be glued in to five 60 W. Q. Q. A. M. They're going to be on top of it. They're going to be squeezing their radios because, you know, the the verdict is still out if we can make a comeback from Greg's idea if there was breakdown from our latest format change. One day it's for real and then it's a mole and then it's a joke and then it's a fraster and it's a tank and I mean, you know what it's like. This is like a radio mixed master right like a radio food processor like a live an audio processor. Huh? La machine. There was the careful. Oh man I feel so much. Oh, God. Third my son is not like crazy. Well, you ought to see the sunny shining. I bet you it's like maybe almost double digits already. Let me take a few can see how we're doing. Oh, it's 10. This is the first time this year. It's been in double digits in T.O. Oh, it's not a good point. I think the T.A. 10 against so it could be 15. They're going to be in the 60's already 50. Wow, that is fantastic. But are all these people screaming about? I'm feeling the area off prior to the start of the withdrawal. Well, I see. But it's a crazy adjuvener of since during life. I listen to that. Oh, look at that. It's way past time for the breakout. Get back to that after we're going to have so carried away with all this good stuff. That great fact. That was a good fast Bob. We like excellent facts. It's phone cost and you know, wait till we get on serious stormy. It calls from all over the country on our toll free line. Let's talk to somebody in avalanche and says, I feel just like Larry King. You know, old and hunchback. Right. Right. Oh, although I will not be wearing a bag. Now, isn't somebody tell us something about that? I forget exactly what they said. Larry and his bag? Yeah. We know that he wears the pants. Well, that's what it was about to do now. Listen, sitting in the green room during the show. We don't because we're going to bring a new box of depends on every hat during every break. That's bad. There's new young white changes. Then I'm sure. I see. Kind like Mrs. Wallace on a passion. Right. Who's that? Change your diapers. Now, the precious is gone. 14 passed 11 at 5. 60 W to QA. If you look in an mirror, it's a can you could be doing a hell of a lot better. If you had some hair. Well, of course you could. And if you want to get a great look ahead of here, instead of a mossy looking piece, call the best in the universe Charles out for your re. Now, Charlie's been helping the famous and that's how famous looks sensational for over 30 years now. Not 30 minutes. Damn long time. Charlie's created the best most natural system. The natural hairline system available anywhere. Now, keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline. If it looks like a dead animal, not so good. If it looks like real hair growing out of your scalp, then it's great. And of course Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100%. On the techable, it looks like hair is growing like I said, right out of your head. And you got nothing to lose with that shiny bald spot because you try to carry Charlie's system for 30 days. About 30 minutes. For about a month and after a month if you don't love the way looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting like action like crazy, if you're not getting caught at it and clawed at it and just yanked, then return it for a full refund. Make the call today, tool for you. 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 and tell Charlie you heard about it. Here on the famous Neil Roger show to get you your special $200 QM discount after regular $800 price. That's the new one. Charlie's new skin like hair system is the best and the best of the best. So forget about the holes in the head. Forget about all those dangerous pills. Get yourself a great look and head of Harry. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again, which Charles is natural hairline system. 1 800 321 24 13 around the wicked way, but Charles Alfieri dot com. You're listening to Neil Roger. The mystery of the birthday call. I'll talk to Miami. Call budget at 305-871-305-3 to reserve whatever you need. Well, for a day or a week or that special weekend, budget has a wide variety of light, low mileage cars and trucks to meet your driving needs. You can always call on great budget rates and service to make your rental screens uniquely budget. Get out of it or not. You're fairing. 8000 that you hate. What I'm in it is and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't say the one or two much less or 8000 that you hate. From the boys they will surely step away. I tell you what they are. Garen, tea you go. Yeah! I like fingernails on a blackboard. People crack their neck for their knuckles. When I rough die, we're both together. That just makes me just. 8000 that you can't stand. What you could tolerate if you were a him or man, I am. And who's the least of it? A fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am. That's more like it. Little more. Little more. Little more. Little more. Yeah! Great. Sounds all you need. Now let's review so you can really, really free. Figure nails on a blackboard. People crack their neck for their knuckles. Love is time and fall together. All they made me just was. I like when you see girls on a gym floor. Raising in a lumen on window. When I get used to drilling my mower. That made me say, I think no. My boy is singing on his record. You tattoo on my child. If these have given you the shivers. That made you all winters. Hey, you've got nuts as someone might therefore like this. But I love it. Here. I'll do it again. Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee weapon? I'll go like, back my neck. Stop! Stop for you, wins. Stop for a win. Away. I got one more. Fuck. I'll hold my ass when I calm man. I'll drink with him and be with him. And I was anxious to do so. Because this is one of the profound moral ethical nations of our time. The saving of terrorist life. Did you see who it was that slept him up to the microphone? It was Randall Terry by the way that noted terrorists. Yes, Terry. Yes, a veteran. Yeah, a terrorist. Anyway, I don't want to hear our Reverend Jesse Mason's sick. A former public school of fear who's been accused of plotting with a Brewer County man in the 90s to raise money. And he was the most extremist to fight in Bosnia. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. He was the only one who was killed by the police. And they have a start working on you next to us. He bought away a big good idea. You could afford losing out through two. Hoping to put questions about his motives and his vice-conditioned to rest Michael Schibel will have an autopsy performed on Terry after she dies. That is unless somebody's lunatics, the Schmittes' derbyes get that cue or insert it. His attorney said yesterday, Michael Schibel. He believes it's important to have the public know the full and massive extent of the damage to Mrs. Schibel's brain that occurred to the cardiac arrest in 1990. George Filo said, this surprise announcement clearly was made to combat persistent allegations that Michael Schibel tended to cremate his vice-body to destroy evidence of her medical condition. We didn't feel it was appropriate to talk about an autopsy pyrethamist's Shibel was death, but again because claims have been made by opponents of carrying out her wishes that there was some loaded behind the cremation of Mrs. Schibel. We felt it was necessary to make that an husband, Filo said. Filo's also disputed a suggestion earlier in the day by Terry Schibel's father, Bob Schindler, that she might be receiving an overdose of morphine to expedite the process to kill her. How do you like that? Yeah. Filo said, Terry Schibel, who spent 11th day without food or water yesterday, and twice received five milligrams of the pain killer over the past few days. The lowest dose available. We're not going to do anything that he's not postponed and natural deaths in my vell. Spokesman for what side hospice. We're saying last night that sometimes they give morphine to the patient, you know, they have no feeling. Just to pacify the relatives, you know, make them feel better about it. Just so they sure that his re-know pain. Oh, look at that. Interrupting Jesse Jackson boy, you grandstander you. Victims of yesterday's earthquake and how do you like that? There he is. Man, somebody ought to pull up to him. Wow. How's said for the world? The major. You know, see he's got an amnesia. He just finally admitted with a problem is. Huh, man. 560, 560. See, this is the turning of the season situation here. And I'm telling you right now, this whole scratchy throw thing. That's what this is all about. So you know, one of two different ways, you know? Either I can adapt real fast or. I could be after like, oh, I'm no two, three months. Hey, so they ought to kiss the ground that Georgia stand by to fill in. Yeah, I mean, of course, two or three months and then all of a sudden it's that summer schedule. Oh, man. Wouldn't that be something? I've been taking a bunch of calls here right now, but there's only I only see one flash and on the board. 560, 560. 560 and he Verizon singular wireless line. Pretty sad. Pretty sad how the mighty of falling. You know, we're fine. How I'm Friday. WCWAM. Hello. Hey, there you go. He's back. That one call and I say one call no calls because that doesn't qualify as a real call. Just like when we started this morning with Prozac Ron, not a call on the board. I'll wait. I'm going to say, in fact, let's do the break and then we'll come back. You're going to take like 600 calls on the road. We'll see. We'll see. We'll listen to Neil Rogers. 4. 560. 4. 4. 4. I got your breath beautiful. Michael, I want you to answer as truthfully as you can. Stay your name for the record. Michael Jackson. What did you give the children that stayed with you at Neverland? Did we not know anything else? He didn't cut. If a boy wanted to sleep with you, I wouldn't have a problem with him. Have you had sexual relations before? Yes. Oh, with who? Allison, some duress and crocodiles and tigers and lions. Your accuser said he saw you naked. Did he see your private? Absolutely. This is very swollen. Very swollen. It'd be a mess. How often I hit it. Or how about this? Feeling dreaming. Not my devil. She took the dove. Does that eye on the one? But the kid is not my son. Yeah, it's all the 31. I don't want to say Jesse Jackson is a grandstander and opportunist. A charlotte and be able to say there are two big big stories. The media tells us there are two that were supposed to be very concerned about. Number one of course is Terry and she's dying over there. Number two is the Michael Jackson trial. Who's radio show was Michael on over the weekend? Remember, Jesse Jackson, the Reverend. Remember what Jesus said when two or more are gathered in my name. I shall be there with you. That's what, maybe Jesse, maybe the J.S. Stan's for Jesus and I just know. It's just that way. But with cameras. When two or more cameras are gathered together. And now he's right there with Randall Terry and a bunch of other. Oh, in Penelis Park doing this thing for Terry and it wouldn't let him inside. Do we say hello or goodbye or give her and over the weekend. They give her the last rice and put a little wine. Little drop of wine just a drop. Jesus, Jesus, right? Remember like Marlon said in Godfather, just a drop. I heard lips. Yeah, just a drop. Bad news from Iraq again. I thought everything was going well. We're far out of this. Prime Minister Ead, I'll now we walked out of a meeting of a wax parliament today. After angry scenes erupted with assembly members be rating sheight and critically. They're befitting to agree on a government. He walked out the speaker of parliament ordered journalists to leave and declare the meeting would be held in secret after politicians. One of the many leading member of a law is blocked denounced the Faded to reach agreement. Two months after the historic January 30. Not third man. Polls. Hitting of their second ever national assembly session today. Negotiator struck over the issue of bringing soon the Arabs in the government. A step official so-called 12 is soon led in Surgency. They got so-as of an air baby. This will be keeping in touch everything is hunky dory or is Bob Schuper would say, Ophi Doke. And the Oki for Oki Swamp. And you know since he did that I have not watched CBS even news. And I have really did once. Until he get his ass off of there I will not watch CBS evening news ever again. Huh. 519 votes on a poll which of these applies to morning listening habits. Since during left I listen to Hank 130. About 30 minutes. One three oh. I'll listen to Neil on QM 110. Joe Rosene M58. He's got to be by morning two to one. He's walloping his big head and his ass. NTR and A M43. Aero America in the M42. I listen to Sturton on another station 39. Dolas and a radio in A M21. Paul and Ron in the A M. Oh my God. 21. Bob and Tom in A M19. Since Sturton left no QAman A M19. Ha ha ha ha. Who came up with his crap? I did. I listen to music radio in A M14. And the big in A M has got three votes. He is really rock solid man out of 519. We can actually do a thousand of a day. We put our notes to the grindstone Josh. Should we bother? Oh sure. You know since the food stop coming in you're just like. I don't know if you'd like. Would you. Would you get to how he's. Yeah. But that's you know I'm not knocking how he's. How he's his great. We love them when we thank them for. But that's very pedestrian. I mean you know that's not a good way of putting you. You're on the same. All taken on the river I've been going to come on down. Are you begging for food now? No. Shameless. Next thing I know Hank's going to be telling me I was at Martin's state house. Yeah. There was Josh Cortison his girlfriend. You know. Right. And mom and Howard David was picking up the check. And yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I don't think what was going to be bonding with Josh Cortison any time soon. Well, I'll touch with just a lot of. In fact last week remember that we had when they had some technical problem. Not that we ever have any QAM. But the audio vault crash right before two o'clock. You don't know about this. Yeah. No. So Josh tells me, you know, play another bit. They can't play the music for Ken to do the music bed for me to do the. I'll play like we need them music bed. And so I played another bit. And then we're sitting here like kids 203 is 204. And then finally they come on without the music bed. And Emma was going on about oh, Curtis all Josh Cortison. I do was say go, just go ahead. Go. And somehow blaming Josh for the fact that they couldn't get their act together. They're too. To a clock working. Spectacular. Playing you. Playing anybody but him. All he had to do was come on in van for a couple minutes. But that would have been, you know, probably on this contract. Here's a fact from Pat and North Carolina. What I'd say about these facts is man, this is where it's at. Calls you've got to, you know, I'm just not in this big and for calls. I'm just can't handle it. That pull building stuff man. It really, they're the one thing about that retard. Oh guy man. He's right about that. Pull building blows. He's right. Yeah. I agree. Pat says. I've been listening for over 10 years. I recently moved because of work from West Palm Nelson. You on the internet. Thank God for the internet, Pat. Wait till we get on serious. I cannot get stranded morning due to the ultra conservative radio here in North Carolina. But Bob and Thomas here, they're great and they get my vote. Good choice. Afternoons, I listen to the love doctors, West Palm via the net. They do nothing but praise and mention great respect about you and your comments. It says I've never heard you mention them. Probably because clear channels. So I've never mentioned them because I never heard them. The love doctors. Have you? No. I've heard of them. But anyway, it says there's so many tar heal fans here. It's not so what that was a tar heal goes Spartans. It's bad. Nice gone, Pat. It's all way around. It's said the part about those. I don't know about them. And why? Why would they be talking about me? I guess they're in Palm Beach. I guess that makes sense. I've heard of them. Have you been hearing before? Have you heard about them? I've heard about them. I know that. We get that all the time. But what does that mean? It's like that guy in Orlando that loser really afternoon. Jim Phillips. Okay. All these Orlando people think that we care about radio in Orlando, which we don't. Oh, Jim Phillips always talks so highly about Jim Phillips is, you know, he is what he is. Little league man. Little league is a step away from like, letting our tears. WM. Hello. Hey, good morning. Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I had a nine of a listen to your show until you guys got Howard on it. Now that Howard's gone, I listened to Howard, but as soon as he's off the Harris, which stuck over to you, I think he had a great show. Thank God for you, Palia. That's what we're hoping for, man. That we have a lot of off there from that judge. I just experiment. I'm going to start with the first station to get out of the West Palm, but I'm trying. But I'm going to put back to you guys. You got a great show. Thanks a lot, man. I haven't brought it there. I like that. There's one. We're going to audience slowly. No matter the time, maybe one at a time. So that's good. We got a stern person at Stucklandis. Because that stern experiment boy. I could write a book just about that part. Of course, if I wanted to write a, I could write the net cycle of pedia. I could write a whole series of books about the QA experience from before we even started on the year about that studio that would be ready on December 30th. That wasn't going to be ready. And about that check that somebody had to write out of his personal account because corporate didn't understand to deal. Remember that? About the old J. Golf tournament. All of these things. Being stuck on your right now in a clock in the morning. All of these things, man. And we're still in here. You talk about a guy that succeeds in spite of himself. There is your close personal friend and general man, though. Okay, that's why I'm talking about right now. Okay, say anybody has any doubts? Great. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Great read. It's just, you know, every time you think that he got out real fast in the horseshoe fell out, it come to find out there was a spare in there. And it's just amazing to me. I've got to enter spurs these 500. Oh, and here's something pretty interesting and most people are in a wereo. You know, these good religious people that are all protesting outside there with the river and Jesse and everybody else and handled Terry that terrorists and that media hound to river and Pat Mahoney. As protests outside the hospice housing Terry Shival in her final days mounted last week, numerous newspaper reports many based on an AP account mentioned or quoted 10 year old Joshua health-rath and or his father Scott Heldrath. Joshua's one of several youngsters arrested for crossing police lines in Penelas Park and an effort to take water to Shival. Another of the stories revealed that Scott Heldrath, a religious activist and anti-abortion crusader, is a registered sex offender in Florida until the Charlotte Observer mentioned it on Sunday. A widely published AP story on Sunday by Alan G. Green had a mother and a half-and-a-bobby Green and painted a war or picture of the hell. Ritz knows that it was young Josh who insisted it as father taken to the protest from their home in North Carolina, not the other way around. God's with me Josh said, The article continued, Scott Heldrath, a veteran of the Operation Rescue and Operations Save American campaigns against abortion, didn't intend to join his fight until a son asked to be brought to Penelas Park. My wife and I, we felt like if God really put it on his heart, we should come down to allow him to live out what God had put on his heart, said, Heldrath, a carpenter. Oh, just like Jesus. Yes, he. The story said, and just like Karen and Richard, the story said, some of the children at the protest carried signs accusing Terry Shabo's husband of murdering her and urging that he be sent to jail. The Charlotte of service to a hover revealed that Heldrath had plead guilty to sexual battery was in jail for parts of 92 and 93 according to court records and served time on probation. The former Naperville Florida resident remains listed on the Florida Department of Law Enforcement Sex Offender Registry of the Observer reported, but he's not registered on North Carolina's. The NC equivalent applies to a Fenders convicted after January 1, 96. According to the story, Heldrath claimed that his religious police came to him while in jail. What a novel concept, didn't it? He found the Lord in a slimer before then he said, I basically agreed with everyone trying to kill Terry Shabo. Then he said he accepted Christ and turned his life around. Now he declined to discuss specifics of the incident that led to his jail time, but online research showed that Heldrath was arrested after an incident at Ohio University and charged with two counts of rape and one kind of kidnapping. Other than that, he's just a wonderful guy. Did you get that? Two counts. I agree. And one kind of kidnapping, I wonder if. Right. But he went in a slimer and he found the Lord. He found Jesus in there. And he got out his nails and his hammer. Probably killed a big cross there over the weekend when you think I'm not sure if we can. Then he tore it and tore it and tore it and tore it and tore it and tore it and tore it. Look at him. I don't know. Yeah, these are all these. And the fact that Jesse Jackson is there with Randall Terry, if you look up the terms sell out in the dictionary, there is this is push right there. Sure. It's a new story to you. You also could have seen a funny, grave robber in you. It's Ali. Ali dated. Coming up tonight, uninsied behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They came from Australia with a dream and the name of a road improvement sign. They were men at work. Why? Why? What album? And they were finished. Why? Men at work, lead singer, Colin Hay. Could never reconcile with the band's lack of future success. His anger left him with a distorted picture of why they were successful in the first place. Obviously the people won't reference his to being Australian and the names of roadway You prove it, science. It's got to be it. Colin's misdirected Odyssey, letting the former string of new bands, each one more of a failure than the last. First there was Lane Anne's merch left. Good day, good day, almost again. Oh yeah, yeah. Then traffic fines doubled in construction zones. Put it on the shrimp bubble, Bobby. Oh yeah, yeah. And finally the unfortunate crew working in trees. I made a fool. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Men at work. They tried everything to find success, but they failed. That's why they're all doing for a non-grossing now. It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight. On the inside of the line. 147 138 will do it. 560 WCM. We got the mole man at 2 o'clock. We got Curtis Stevenson for a mad dog at 4. And then we got guilty. Squake is way through through our 710 and high with Gerard Greyhound track followed by any K. That's our scheduled. They know ball games. We got no panther games. 560 Pound 560 on the Verizon and SIGITORWIBS lines. Look at that full man. WQAM. Hello. I asked all I could say. Me too. Coach Reverend Jesse Jackson and saying. Can you lend money on your own going to buy a cow? You're pal. When you're a yeah. Yeah. May is probably over your house in a weekend with his lab. Very nice. Maybe a no chain party. 560, Pound 560 on the Verizon and SIGITORWIBS line. You know what's every call is coming out on six. What does that mean? I don't know. It's one of the primary. I guess. Is that what it is? I'm just guessing. I thought the primaries were in March. Not here. Of course that's you only when it's ringing anyway. Now. See. We're not going to build those. But I think I'm going to go back like you suggested. Just build it up my pile every day. I think I'll be a real good idea. I like your pile. Now but you do. FWQAM. Hello. New God. Yes sir. Hey. Most taking a shot of you. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. He said that if you're seeing Neil and Gellie in the same room. You're talking about. Yeah. And George. He also. He's a sense of convulsive. You know that. He's a one. A sense of convulsive. Compulsive. He's got a that disorder. He's worried about back. Flash. He has to take a shower. Have these little backs. Flash. The toilet. Yeah. We all have our thing pal. Okay. We all have our thing. What's your excuse? 560, 560. 550. Like like little children like fiber. We're not seeing anything. You've ever seen you in Gellie. And George is worried about the matter. And I'm about. I go because of the story about that. So it's not. On a scale of zero man. You're cause blow. Okay. Your calls just suck. WQAM. Hello. I guess my name is Robert. For my ambient call and how. Guys was talking about an. An amnest conversation for. I think it was talking about a movie. Comedy. I'm a couple. It's called. I am a copy of my month ago. So it's awful. Okay. Thanks Robert. Okay. Don't kid. I was your Joe. Some of your crap. Come through this. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Can I do it? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? What's all that? Why're you calling for climate change. Why can't make bad news to us. Practice in Malay was talking so fast, but you couldn't even look at me. Just can't take me upon who you have to talk with. Coming from LOL's Mr. Defense FIRE DOUTI. What. You're now coming again, though. But this is great. The positive and most important thing about content right now is in terms of reality and complexity. George, you have seen the movie in the cut with Meg Ryan. Yeah. When you answering the question order, okay? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, and a Verizon and singular wireless lines. W2AM, hello. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. You were fair, Mr. Bruma. W2AM, hello. W2AM, hello. I'm Benil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Is the Mad Delivery driver. Yeah. Thank the President for these low gas fights if he's given us. Uh-huh. That's basically it, man. That's basically it. Okay, thanks, Mad Delivery driver, whoever to have you are. Who's that? Hmm. W2AM, hello. W2AM. Let me say it again. W2AM. Okay. Yes, sir? I'd like to speak to Neil, if I could. You're speaking to him right now. Speaking to Neil? Okay, here's what I wanted to say. I just heard I'm in the news of Jerry Foul. I had a massive heart attack when he found out that Jesse Jackson was with Terry. Uh-huh. In his spokesman. We could only pray. His spokesman was in the hospital. Pardon? He isn't on the floor. Oh yeah, he's on the floor. That was good. And we're good. I think we're just Josh and me, man. Oh no, let's go to the other. They were spokesman for him saying he plans on checking out the same time. Terry does me. That's the thing. Oh, oh, great. Let's pull out that cue right now. Thanks for the good news. That made my day. Oh, not that bad. Isn't that bad? Absolutely not. You see what I mean about the Lord, the Lord is peoed and fired up man. And he gave you a little warning with that, you know, he gave him a little leeway there of many thousand miles, would that earth quake in, uh, easy yesterday in Sumatra? Ever been in Sumatra? No. How about Josh? You've been in Sumatra? Josh has been in the York City by the way, which means he's also been in Schenak the Albany and Buffalo and Rochester and Elmira. Troy. No. That's what he was trying to tell. I see. So he thinks that the York City is all but. Believe me, if you haven't been in upstate New York, you missed absolutely nothing. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. So that's like a compliment. Do not go to upstate. Don't waste your time. I won't. Oh, but new year from Rochester in the summer time when the Lalaxturati has real pretty there for about five days. That's the summer. In fact, they had to pull the cue on it on all upstate New York. Thank God, the weather here is nothing at all like Buffalo, man. It's so great to be able to watch the Buffalo network of Feliz and see every night on their weather. Oh, we're getting to put us in order today. And we don't have like a flake. I mean, there's a few flakes on a three-court, you know. Spares in change, Mr. but other than that, they have the Buffalo is just the absolute end of the world. It makes out Florida seem almost like a paradise if you catch my breath. Oh, do do do do do do do do do. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 to get a lot of great calls here today. That's what it's all about. If I think I make I'm going to go either one or two ways. Well, not really. Listen to me. Okay. I'm either going to like dump the calls and go back to reading for four hours of it. It was just bad on my throat. Especially when I got a scratchy throat and the change of season and stuff. All these allergies. Maybe some allergies. It could be. But, or all calls. All right. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Have them? No. What are you talking about? Look at the way that thing is smoking man. It is smoking. But it's only five people. I can't tell you what they're smoking. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Terry. Jesse. And I will keep them busy anyway. Keep them off the street all day. Kind of a pubic service. WQAM. Hello. I like talking. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah. Prozac one show. Yes. I have a whole problem with your poll question. Yeah. I don't know what's going to click. I still listen to how it's turned. I don't know the station. But it's going to start to interrupt. I don't know. I still listen to what's going to be QAM and they are. So they should add that up in your towel. Okay. I'll make sure I'll stick that in there. All right. Sam. Tell me about serious any day now. 560. I need to rise in singular right of slides. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You need to pull the 2 by Jordan. Hey. Yeah. How about your food out of your own hands. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you doing sir? Yes. Michael Jackson is a black luminary. It was Joby at Jewish luminary. Yes. Very. Very personal. I'm very personally speaking to you. You're part. Yeah. You know, I love you. Goodbye. Goodbye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, let's see how that pole is coming in. The pole is the important thing. Josh Curtis wants us to get to 1,000 votes today. If we get to 1,000 Kansas City State's by bringing food again tomorrow. Yeah. Wow. Really? I don't know. I just made that up. I bet you they would. All right. This has been eight. That's pretty great for like just noonish now. When you say, let's say so. We've got to shout out of the 1000 by to, of course, see what I'm doing now is I'm playing like fast and loose. You've got to check our website early in the morning because I like to flip the next or one in there and intermediate one. Right. That's a change in the pole. Thanks a lot, Eric. By the way, forgive me to power to change the pole there. That's so really good. He got to put your mark. Plus, no, seriously, then he doesn't have to sit up there. I'm waiting and waiting. You know, he's got important fish to fry up there and eat fish. Now, that's not fatening enough for him. In fact, he's probably the burger team to get that new breakfast sausage thing I was talking about yesterday. What? And then one way six pounds of that omelet which, you know, omelet and toast and juice and what time are they on? 600, 8 votes. Since during life, I listen to Hank. 142. Thank God. Stop it. Only listen to Neil on QM 133. Joe Rosene, M 65. Well, Hank says whipping his ass, you know what? I listen to Stern on another station 54. NPR and A.M 49. Era American A.M 47. A big B M and A. M. Paul and Ron and A. M 28. Speaking of B.M. That's a big B M and A. M. Bob and Tom and A. M 25. Look, they're not even on an in this market. They're on a Palm Beach County station. They almost that even would Paul and Ron. What is that, Teddy? About steel old crusty material. Don't listen to radio in the A. M 24. Since during life, no QA M and A M 23. At least in the music radio in A M 15. And the big who is really rock solid hanging in there with a solid tree. On 5. 6. M. Hospital reason unknown. This is more. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QA. Yeah. Bro. 4. 4. Life's a pink road ramp. One of Paul for the cramp. It's a turning hill to animal. Then something simply could not. What a shot and now he's free. After getting five on the reason. It's only different to you. So go another wise. He's all chasing. So knowing so. When he was in the fan. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. We need to start the tournament. I already saved you. You're right. I succeeded, I can'tatisfow you. You're going. You're wasting your faith, you're my son. I need to be help. I'm sure like when you're going because the grandstandard dotter does that. You gotta. Just a kick eyeo touch. That's right. follow-up thing. Right now on CNN they just had a little blurb right before that guy called. I saw that just now but I mean you saw before when it got called in about it. There was also on CNN. Yes. Well, what tell the day now? So why did you agree that it was a heart attack? He's back in a hospital. He's not known. Just said it. He is in the hospital. Well, maybe they're sticking the tube back in the spot. That could be it. It could be like a section. Yeah, that could be it. Or it could be like the like Oda. Wouldn't that be something? Very follow-up would die today. Wouldn't that be, that would make my whole day? They say it doesn't lie but does that mean that it tells the truth? The public sees fleeting video tape images at Terry Shabo appearing too many to turn toward her to the mother's voice and smile. They hear what sounds like moans and laughter. They watch her head move up and down, seemingly following the progress of a brightly colored Mickey Mouse balloon. And often they ask, how could anyone conclude, but that she is aware of her surroundings? The answer lies not so much within Shabo's brain as in the minds of those who observe her. As social beings humans are hardwired to examine others face for clues to what the person behind it is sticking. They naturally associate vocal tones with specific moods. They detect meaningful words in nonsense utterances. I can understand that because I've examined scores if not hundreds of people of this conditions says, Dr. Leon Procop, a professor of neurology at the University of South Florida, who has reviewed the brain damage wounds, cat scans. At first he says his natural emotional desire to be optimistic and hopeful, meeting interpret movements and facial expressions as purposeful, but after long experience Procop says, I came to realize that my emotional reaction was understandable as a human being, but was not an intellectual assessment. The public has only seen a tiny portion of more than four hours of video tape chattering the past seven years of litigation of whether to keep the 41-year-old woman on a feeding. Oops, on a feeding tube. Sorry. Even doctors who have agreed that she's in a persistent vegetative state of admitted to being swayed to fully briefly by the now familiar images that have been played and replayed on national TV over and over and over and over it. The right testimony at 2002 hearing court-appointed neurology is Paul Bambake-Tis and now is that seeing the video tapes of Shabbos mother kissing and speaking with her gave him positive first. Yes, that was a source of concern on my part. How does one interpret a situation like that? He said, even though is that he did track a Mickey Mouse balloon with her eyes in one clip. Oh, let's put that cue back in there. So we can drag this thing on for months now. When you think? Sure. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a Verizon singer wireless lines. You need to get those phones lit up like a Hanukkah bush baby because we've recently divided in port. This is like, you know, the crossroads which happened so many times on this show, which way to turn to the right to the left straight ahead down the road. 560, 560, 560, and he Verizon singular wireless law. Look at that line 7. Just very lonely. Tick, tick, tick. W to Q a M, hello. Q a M? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Anyhow, you go on man. Listen. Okay. I was reason I called it because I wanted to make a point about something I haven't seen on any of its new channels. For this, it was this is that the reason the C's written winners have gone through these team measures that they've done for the last week. It only took us to find their guilt, their Catholic guilt of all the dead people that we've killed over there in Iraq basically. Yeah. And that's the only, you know, I mean, that's the only reason they're really doing it. It's a pattern. Most of the people who are there are people who aren't favorite capital punishment, who are in favor of the war and Iraq, who are in favor of killing anybody we don't like, who are favorite killing abortion doctors. But always, always air on the side of life. Exactly right. You get to George Bush, arrow, or satellite. I don't think they, you know what I mean? I know what you mean. Okay, Palai have a great day. You know what he means? I think we know what he means. What do you mean? I don't know. W to Q a M, hello. Q is it Q or is it Q? W to Q a M, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? Okay. Listen. I'm trying to reach for my. He was attracted to yes, go ahead, sir. What do you think the next story coming out of Florida is going to be next the right coming out of Florida is that the governor is going to the governor and legislature will insist that only punch boards will be allowed to set a slum machine at the race track punch boards. Whatever. House boards and punch boards. Whatever happens to Columbus. She's she's smuggling Terry's body out of the hospice right now is a matter of fact. Good luck to you, Palai. Thank you. Who can do a better job than Columbus? Oh, but the governor is a very righteous Catholic religious man. Yeah, right. With a business side of this functional family. Don't you're any more about the noelty? No. I wonder how she's doing. I don't know the nose nose. Let me to Q a M. Hello. Yeah, sir. You're a Yankee fan, never me. I'll call you. Yeah, I can. Yeah, I can. I can. I can. I can. I can. Oh, oh, oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Holy. No. On the past, baby. You got out of. I got out of 99. Good. I'm back to me. Yeah. Move. I know. Hey, 15 years ago I gave you some times. I feel the father of you. I've come this not undercreated to online. How to out the wine? Oh, I bet. Well, be we don't want to do with those parts. I'll tell you that right now. That's a waiting to go in these days. And I was a top lot. Is it no change? No change at all. No. No change. I can get a chance play. I'm the sense you online at work. Yeah, we'll play some parts for online. Okay, pal. Yeah. It's talking about out of touch. Actually, I think right now. I'll play during the break. I'm too. This is all time safe. Talk about chronic the e-key pain. Do pair. Same. Six. we can't play the far one for obvious reasons. Can't play no far times, Yankee fan. Not if Joyce and the Fc, well, it has nothing to do with the Fc, see this answer to a Joyce. We've got this bitch over there on a West Coast, our corporate legal, depending on what corporate legal says about this and about our corporate legal era. Corporal legal, my ass. We got this bitch over there, we're no radio from a pop-up toaster, and she's deciding to make it up as she goes along. Well, you can't say this, and you can't do it. And of course, the reason we got into this pickle in the first place is because our program director operations manager between the two of them they haven't got a BB, much less than not. So as a result, they would ask her, they would go to her to see her counseling advice. And she's got absolutely no concept of what is permissible and what is not permissible on the broadcast airways. Yesterday, a week ago, so kissed two years ago, 100 years ago, she ain't got any idea. None. And so whenever it is you ask her, can we do this? The answer is always all the same. Always err on the side of Perinoid and hysteria. And knowing nothing, Joyce, you idiot. You quizzing, you simple didn't bitch you. By the way, Joyce, remember to start. We had about the finger when the chili was that last week? Yeah, I actually went to a Wendy's yesterday too. Oh my God. And they didn't think of that out. Definitely didn't get the chili, though. Oh good. You must add George. I'm going to keep ordering chili in the hopes. Riker, how are like, didn't if I could have called to riker, how are chili from now on it, Wendy's? The woman who gave Newman into the term of finger food after finding a piece of a human finger in a Wendy's chill last week says she has suffered severe distress after the incident. And now is considering a lawsuit. You go, girl. And I, y'all, the thought of, you know, just knowing that there was a human remain in my mouth. It is disgusting. It's tearing me apart inside. She said in an exclusive interview on ABC's Good Morning America, yesterday day. I, y'all, 39, a Las Vegas resident found the finger while eating at a Wendy's in San Jose, California last Tuesday. The finger was about one and a half inches long and is believed to be a woman's finger because it had a long groomed nail say officials. That's the fingernail officials. Authorities are coming in a fingerprint database to try to find the owner of the missing digit. Maybe they want to give it back. Analysts say that sales at the fast food chain have dropped since five weeks incident, a statement from Wendy's ABC news that the employee who prepared I, all those food had 10 years of experience at the restaurant and suffered no finger injury. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like he's going to stick his own finger in there, right? Right. Now you're on to that wasn't record how is finger in a fries. In fact, no employees at the restaurant suffered a hand or finger injury nor has the supply reported any injuries, which is required by a lot of new acquainted Wendy's. Wendy says it's cooperating fully with investigators, test our scheduled this week to learn among other things whether it was cooked in the chili or not. Wendy's continues to fully cooperate with local police and authorities to determine the source of the partial finger. It's important for us to find out the truth to the statement. But I am her attorney, Jeffrey Janoff says that that's not enough. I think that's a good start. He said about Wendy's statement about cooperating with other officials, but obviously something slipped through to put it lightly. Little play on words. There's something slipped through. And this is a strict liability type of case. It's a product liability case. And it can silver doesn't expect to find body parts in their food. Yeah, right. But when you're eating hot dog, you don't expect to find body parts in your dea. I thought that's what it's made out of. Right. That's my point. Like noses. Oh, here you go. The Reverend Jerry Falwell hospitalized today for an underscore's medical problem. Oh, right. I can tell you he's in the hospital and he is resting. That's all I know said Jessica Tucker of Jerry Falwell ministries in Lynchburg, Virginia. Clubman Dware, she said. What does that mean? The hospitalization was this second this year. He was treated Lynchburg general for 13 days in my February and early March, while battling Pettamonia. Yeah, it's probably a conspiracy. And I think I'll put the hex on him. It put the whammy on him. Who do things? Yeah. Those day, which is the, uh, Wickens. 12 13 at five, 60 WQAM, even after all these years, we've been raven about dialing my first and what a great deal. It is all the way around. I've had to leave your house and sit there, make one easy color or mattress over the phone. There are some of you out there who don't get it. You're just nervous about buying a bed over the phone. Well, it's easy. It's a piece of cake. When you call 1 800 mattress, the number for dialing mattress, you're fine. I think that the most little exchange policy. So there is positively. Absolutely. No risk. Did you know that 1 800 mattresses have over feet and the mattresses are less than anybody else in the universe? So once you try it, I guarantee, I'll bet your Greg Weeds life on it. You'll never go back to a show or department store and waste your time and money again. You'll get no nonsense, no run around, no show or machine engines, just factory direct prices on a best brand, you know, and trust. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll be calling the company like New World Uno, number one in customer satisfaction. And as far as brand names are concerned, whatever you like they got it, they got ceiling and surdor and King Quarra and Simmons and Seperbetic and Stearns and Benennis Foster 2. And now that I'm at Chris Alphazero, Payments or Renters till 2006. So what you got to lose all the way around, it's a winning deal. Call that I'm at Chris today for all the sales. And of course, you still get that too hard to win though, too. That's unbeatable. You're a truly George Mowl McGill, fat boy, all the kinds of people at QM are satisfied customers and I guarantee you will be too. Call her right now, toll free 1 800 mattress or log onto their website, mattress.com for a stupid business night's sleep for years to come. 1 800, M-A-T-T-R-E-S. 1 800, M-A-T-R-T-R-E-S. That's a lucid way. 1 800, M-A-T-T-T-R-E-S. M-A-T-R-E-S. M-A-T-T-R-E-S. I'm not an ass, you fell. You fell. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You're a little bit too sweet. You look alive in time. Fight surrender, Watch the torquedhead, fight it, dare your side, dare your chest. You learn to, defend it together. Ditch down, chain with your force, or you say you're a little bit too sweet. You say you're a little bit too sweet. Are you a little bit too sweet? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh the most incoherent butchard double talk which basically what he said is here I'm here he said I'm here because the cameras are rolling that's basically I'm not he's there yeah all in all well he's he's against Congress so he doesn't disagree with the majority of the people he's against Congress trying to override the court so he's very much against that but we got to help Terry and what we we need to do is crap policy for the future but we got to help Terry just a lot of double talk but it would put about give me some of that Reverend can't show some of that Reverend money that's my favorite line in that bit give me some right it's good buddy yeah oh sure is tax-free no less sure speaking a good Christians by the way with Terry Shavo is life-wain in the focus of this political and legal drama shifts back to another key figure and the most emotional and angry of cases and all this county circuit judge George Greer he's afforded jurist originally ruled five years ago that the brain damage job of who'd been a persistent vegetative state for 10 years had no hope for recovery in that her feeding tube could not be removed that could be removed and actually you know it's interesting and it's article something they left the word to out of there is that incredible or why that's must be symbolic had no hope for recovery in that her feeding tube be removed on Saturday was he who delivered what could be likely to find the ruling that Terry should be allowed to die against the wishes of her parents and majority of house and said members in a cadre of dedicated right to light activists how many of them were there not thirty man maybe forty Greer as a conservative a back to the republican and no grandstander one friend calls him a plotter the judge has such bad vision he has to memorize proclamation to care we'd anything further than a footer to away it he is very much in the sights of a sometimes violent movement who's most ardent followers have advocated an occasion carried out the murder of their opponents including abortion providers the judge in his family are now reportedly surrounded by armed guards here is married has two grown sons protestors of a period of his clear water home the FBI arrested North Carolina man claimed put a fifty thousand dollar bounty on the head of a judge in the case associated press said however official didn't end the judge but you can only imagine the county commission installed a special computer to handle the hundred thousand emails the court got over last to be supposing the judges rulings the tone is very hateful run steward a court spokesman told a press people claim to be Christian but the things they're wishing on people are not very Christian sounding how do you like that now the shot of not know judge Greer had a withdraw his membership in clear waters calvary back to church two years ago after the church paper printed stories attacking him more recently penellis voters received postcards asking them whether they suffer from voters or more for reelecting Greer other postcards accused him of judicial murder the judge is home address went up on the internet and dead flowers arrived at his door a friend wanted to go to lunch with Greer but reported that the body guards wouldn't let him go there are very few people shown that the world is stand up to rob power states in university law professor Michael Allen told the AP he is one this is simply a case of people not lacking his decision and the fact that a judge is standing up for this is quite important he said this weekend re-rejected arguments by Bob and Mary's Shival other names in Shriver Shindler Terry's parents that their daughter had tried to say I want to live but this where is this article from the village voice well they're probably a busy you know gay stuff yeah so stuff like that anyway uh judge Greer rejected arguments by the shindlers that their daughter had tried to say I want to live before feeding two was removed March 18 see I keep going off of that thing and then that comes back you they argue that she made sounds and wow when asked to repeat the phrase wow and that was that was coming from Orlando there was Eric doing that wow is that yeah something like that Greer was firm all the credible medical evidence this court is received over the last five years suggested Shival was not confidently aware he ruled in the past doctor said her audiences were involuntary minds consistent with those of someone in a vegetative state like Florida and formed their career had turned them out again Bob Shindler said sarcastically he did great surprise the shindlers of trying to get Greer thrown off the case but a failed that goes on and on about good death threats all of these very nice things from these good Christian people and there was just he jacked us in an hour go spend their side by each with Randall Terry that is and it's just unconscionable it's unbelievable is what it is or you know something so when you have no conscience yeah that's right you know things when you're just a rubbing a hormone you're like he is that's all he is just give me the money give me some whatever money tax free so Jerry Falwell maybe on a way out oh boy you know who done it died think he went he oh 20 six passed no what is this line along the name man before he never will be more Howard David time how is Troy Stratford doing by the way and think he's ever going to get any copy for any of his accounts doubt it you know not that he's a broad cancer how is Stiffie doing you know never saw him come back what all to be a manager somewhere remember we got that story that's gonna be Stiffie's still his still his man versus still what's he ever oh anyway I said yeah some people you ought to see like once a year in your home and that's the experts from dry concepts I've been doing it for over 20 years in a variety of different houses and believe you me every time they show up it's the same miracle right on the floor I'm not a big miracle believer but when dry concepts finishes cleaning your carpets you will actually shake your head in the basement and this belief that anybody could make maybe even some hopeless looking carpets look just like a brand new laid run on your floor nobody does it better nobody else in world has that exclusive pen to dry cleaning method and nobody uses that rapid drying techniques to your carpets are dry in just an hour and a half she really can clean today and party like a wild enemy will tonight whether it's your carpeting your furniture draper your expensive oriental area rugs these are the folks you want to call and don't forget no response no scams no games they give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start the job what's not for like calm toll free if I can get you to use them the first time you use them forever like I have and they'd rather than the prom beaches 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 run the wicked web it's dry concepts dot com dry concepts making carpets clean and soft orders since covert I saw a purple creature with a gaze on his head. It wasn't upside down dry. I know purple thinking, baby. All upside down dry. I know purple thinking. Upside down dry. I know purple thinking, baby. A, tell us, Elving. Where would just when I thought things couldnt get worse? I'm gonna see what's carryin' with a little person. How can they call this a children's show? I gotta be careful, but I have a brownie. He hasn't got a upside down dry. I know purple thinking, baby. I'm fathom, child, I know purple thinking. I don't want to train your bad. And purple thinking, you can see. Yeah, it's always happening. We're almost about frischkin' tightness, hard to believe. But on the tele-tovies, honey, is a TV screen. It's sad, purple. I think straight at me. That was low and annoying, too. The hole in her thing. Yeah, I bet you like that incident editing there. I was pretty good at that with the accident. Yeah. Of course you should. I know if you have a good memory, you can like, stick that in your purpose. But, number two, if we had somebody editing these things out and putting little things in there, we wouldn't have to do that instead on pins and needles. Brian, Delray, Dan, you know, that Tamarack Tom, I think I heard us from really fantastic puts. I'm asked if I could have deal with him. Is he in the Boba terms show? Yeah, Tamarack. No, he did. That's Vokobab, Vokobab and Tamarack Tom. And month after battling the Monio, the Reverend Jerry Falwell was hospitalized again and they for an understilers medical problem as ministry said. And in which we say, oh, yeah, hubman-draired man, I continue to the hospital. He's resting. That's all I know. I said Jessica Tucker of his ministry. I got a yacht. I got a yacht. It was a second-emission illizgrage general hospital this year. 13 days in February, early March. For a tiny, he was on a ventilator. Oh my God, honey, I liked that. Time to pull the cue. I remember in Falwell when I big fat posts. And Evan Sportspan followed him at the trip to Chat New Gautinese on Saturday from the third round of the NCAA Women's Basketball tournament. Oh, women's basketball, Liberty University seemed evidence posties and run in a 90 to 48 loss to top-see that LSU, 90 to 48. That's enough to make you pull a cue right there. He'd also been in the crowd March 22 when the Liberty Women meet the beat to Paul 88 79 in the second round in college part of Maryland. How do you like that? Too much money to run in basketball, Jerry. Two. That's the problem. Oh, I'm squeezing my kneecaps. I'm so excited about what it's about. What is it? What is it? I'm doing the rosary. All right, yeah. Yeah, let's give the last right. What do you say? No. No. 560, pound-five, 60, and even rising and singular. And of course, the media people, you media lunatics, every time any issue comes up like this, who do we always see the same old suspects? There is Jerry Fall while there's Jesse Jackson. And as if they have something to do with any of this, you know? Who cares what they have to say? It's so predictable anyway. Well, they're ethicists. No, they're not. They just wave robbers is what they are. They're just behind the roof and they want some of that Reverend Martin. Yeah. Give me some of that Reverend Money, baby. 560, 70, 560, pound-five, 60, and even rising and singular. And at one guy, who was a stern listener, who started listening to show one stern with on a station during those fateful months. And it's still listening. That was it. Now he's probably the only one. How many QAM hello? That's a familiar. How many QAM hello? Yes. Neil. Yes sir. I wonder if Congress really had to react together instead of trying to keep a shiver alive. Why don't they enact legislation so that human beings could be put down with the same mercy and kindness that you would have animal that has no quality of life? Oh, you think that's a new thing to do. You think that this country is going to tolerate that? You think an Asia, are you dreaming, man? Well, why does an animal treat a better than a human? Well the animal doesn't have a soul man, you see. Oh, what do you mean? In addition, which the animal can't speak to the animals, not making the decision. Okay. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. Like I said, the animals are going to have a man who's going to hell. I mean, you know, I mean, make up whatever you want. It's all a polycrap anyway. However at that, how come you can have, like I had both my dogs put this leaf? Oh, you bastard you. Huh? Yeah. You know, the square that may horrible wicked grotesque painful death was that time. But America doesn't deal well with death. We're always in denial. Even though the religionists, which is most of America was there, life is just, you know, a polycrap. The good stuff comes after death, you know, like the Muslims with their seven virgin or all other garbage that's going on up there, down there, wherever they're going. Right? Absolutely. Now, nobody, do you say, nobody? No, nobody in Antwerp mine really believes that crap. So that even though, you know, for public consumption, they'll say all of these things. All of these things. The fact is that they know when push comes to shove, nobody in cool to heaven and go, you know, the soul ain't cool and up there, don't it? That's it. They put you in a box. Bye-bye. And that's the end. You live, you die, you're born, you live, you die. That's it. First simple. Is there anything complicated about that? No, not only the fairy tales that men have made up because most people are emotional cripples and they can't face death. Just like Friday when our numbers come out, we'll be, you know, big men about it. Right? Right? What else? We can handle it. I mean, we might whip a little bit and say, I'm dying out of the hand. But nevertheless, we know it's coming. Like, grow. Was it good? Yeah, that's right. Whoa. Like that. When I was number, if I, I bet you, there's going to be a lot of money and growing that building when they see those numbers come out Friday. Whoa. So, what it goes, you will reap what you have son. You will sow what you have and why did we reap? The judge in Michael Jackson, Chapel Station, Trail, rule yesterday. The prosecution may present testimony about past allegations against the ponster. Including five boys, including two who reached money, $1,000, still settlements with the singer. Superior Court Judge Rodney Herman Melville ruled after hearing arguments by D.A. Tom Stedon and vigorous opposition by the fence attorney Tom White here, Mr. Roe Jr. The judge said he would allow testimony about alleged sexual offenses and alleged kind of grooming or preparing a voice from a lost station. Like what that Jesus do? The prosecution had sought to introduce testimony about seven boys, but the judge declined to allow evidence about two. The judge said he would allow testimony by a 90 accused of who received $2.4 million a settlement from Jackson and testimony by that boy's mother. By the way, the 93 settlement, he paid 20 million. Were you aware that? Yes. Now, it's interesting how the family, because they don't want off that gravy train, the family has all rushed to his side now, like the Latoya for example. That damn sack, I can't stand it. Now, you must have that cart there because, you know, she already was on a couple of years ago when I was about to say, they all knew that he had those little boys near and she found all those canceled checks in his room, all these multi-million dollar payoffs he made to the family, so all these little kids he'd molested and she kept saying. The fence that I could, I could't stand it. Right. But now, she's singing a different tune and Janet's singing a different tune and daddy, old Schuillus Joe Jackson there, he's singing a different tune and mommy and what's the other are the brother that you ugly brother? Germaine, Germaine in the case. All singing a different tune because they don't want to lose that gravy train speaking of animals, man speaking of dogs, they don't want to lose that gravy train. He's the meal ticket. Right? Right. Although not so much no more, he told Jesse, though, they all are. Those lies are just ain't that broke, just a bunch of lies, just to discredit him, just like he did with all these black luminaries. I mean, when you think about black luminaries, don't you always think you don't think about Martin Luther King's Jr. or Nelson Mandela, people like that, or Barack Obama? You think of Michael Jackson, he's a real luminary. Right? Well, he compared himself with Nelson Mandela there. That is pretty. By the way, got that card. Oh, let's hear it. My mother is very much aware of all the children that were there, all the boys have stayed there. And she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression, but he's a sagant, and she would say that damn sagant, I can't stand them. That damn sagant, I can't stand them. Just cut it out now. Maybe she said you're far away. Something like that, do you think? 20 to one. Just remember boys and girls, all your people out there, what you see is now what you get. It's all a, you know, it's done with mirrors. It's all a big dog and pony show, especially on television. Don't let me give it. Howard Beale was right, man. Now, if he had any truth, they'll probably any crap you want to hear. And they'll tell you what you ought to care about, what you ought to be with, if I'm in a war frenzy about, even though you couldn't give a flying crap about it. I couldn't care about Terry Shival. Less. I couldn't care. Less what they do. Take the tube, stick the tube, eat the tube, lick the tube. I don't care what they do, you know? In fact, remember the Howard Beale's speech when he went there, the same speech. Right? Well, you eat like a tube, you dress like a tube, you know? You eat something. I don't care. You really care? No, not at all. To go on on for 15 freaking years already. Let's abroad die already. They were only going to see her on my TV. Oh my God. And that one, that one, those tapes they're showing that one, they miss leaning, but they're all, they're older than the fuselage. They're four or five years old, those tapes. Oh, no, but we saw her eyes removing. She was following the balloon. 19 to one. At five, 60, W.C. Hey, follow the yellow brick road right over to Brandy, Susan, Pablo Beach. You've got an unbeatable combination of Brandy. I don't care where else you go. You're not going to get this kind of a deal. I've got professional salespeople. I give you a friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time, no matter which style you pick out. They got the best selection, the biggest selection, a men's and women's name brand shoes, anywhere in the area, and the best prices in town period. This is simple as that. What could possibly be not to like? All the top quality names in a shoe business, they've got a Brandy's like rock ports. S.A.S. Floor Shimes, Spirit, Timberland, actualizer, all the other top names too. Brandy's is open every day to week for it, to the open Monday through Saturday from 9 in the morning till 9 in night and every Sunday 10 to 5. Brandy's is in the same great location they've been taking good care of your feet for years and years, 1290, North Federal Highway in Papua, and this week is a great time for your ladies to buy naturalizers because this week at Brandy's take 30% off on all great women's naturalizers styles this week. So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or visit him and do your shopping online at Brandy's Shoes.com. Sure, listen to Neil Roger. I'm going to go to the school in September. On 566, the shoe, and... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Thank you! ... You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. Lord productivity on the job, more danger on the roads and a less vibrant sex life in eye-opening news survey show the fly-opening survey. A whopping 75% of the response to the national sleep foundation poll reports symptoms of sleep problems such as difficulty falling asleep, waking during the night, experiencing fatigue during waking hours or snoring. Oh, it must be talking about rimmer, snoring. Roughly, a fourth of respondents who have partners report that their sexual relationships have been hurt because they have been too sleepy. It's less often our lost interest in having sex because they were too tired. Dr. Neil B. K. B. Director of the Sleep Disorder Center at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center in New York and a spokesperson for the Sleep Foundation tells the early show Coincorranese Siler we're talking about people not taking up attention to the importance of sleep and so living on a daily basis is an a terribly sleep-to-private state and that sleep deprivation affects every aspect of the way we feel and the way we function. The poll shows respond to getting an average of 6.9 hours of notice how that number they used. It's not so helpful in me. I know why they put the dust in the room. And average of 6.9 hours of sleep per night many experts say it also they made minimum of 7 to 9 hours of sleep per night. People like Norse had problems and few think they actually have one of survey shows. And it goes down about this. Pretty boring when it came out down on it. Thought it was going to be something where because I started words section right away I thought, oh, there is something they can sink their teeth into. A real fly opener. But here's one. Gaze one is we are recognized Canadian merges. Two gay couples petition Israel Supreme Court today to over this is yesterday. To overruled a decision by the Interior Minister and recognized their 2003 Canadian merges and Israeli Ruminial Human Rights Group said. You have left of the Association of Civil Rights and Israel said the groups submitted the petitions of the have of Jose Ben Ari and Lauren Schumann and Joseph Barlev and Yauron Laughov who were married in Toronto in November 2003. Hey, let's send the petitions were submitted after the Interior Minister refused to recognize the couple's unions. In recent weeks we asked the Interior Minister to change the status of these people from single to merges. They refused to say merges between individuals with the same sex are not recognized in Israel. Oh, Interior Minister is spoke for the woman. So being had that acknowledges the couples had submitted written requests for the Ministry to recognize their merges. But said it was obligated to turn them down because his really law does not recognize same sex merges. This is a matter for the judicial authorities to take up a thought said if the law's changed them will recognize the merges. Let's say the petitions on behalf of the two gay couples were based on a Supreme Court to Zing from the 60s which obligated authorities to recognize the four merges between a Christian and a Jew, a Christian and a Christ killer. Tom mixed marriage and the court of the court of the court. The court ruled in an insistent marriage document issued by foreign countries had to be honored by Israeli authorities. He said adding that the same person and held in this case on March 11th for other gay Israeli couples married in Sir Monizum Canada. One of the couples, Etypinkist, 31 member of the Tel Aviv City Council and you have a rob 32 manager of a real estate company so they would fight that their marriage recognized in Israel. Etypinkist, let's say love that name, huh? Oh, yeah. So what you're supposed to? No, I'm not an homo, she's perfect, you're right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, and they've arrived in a single wireless line. Let's have a party, okay. Let's light a candle for Jerry Falwell. I got the man who delivered her by Jesus. Good. How many QA and hello? Four, four, five, five, five, five, five, five, six, and the Verizon and singular wireless line. Actually, as a matter of fact, we like to put you in the same sack with Jerry, okay? And then we'll just draw you a diaphragm. So everybody will know where to stick the tube. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think the bedtime stories are going to win out. Oh, just because we're looking at phone, man. Yeah, this is a very weak two-day, incredibly weak. Now, if we did, you know, like one of those things like Hank this morning about who do you hate, there would be no shortage of calls on that. Right? WDQA and hello. I'm going to, I got a question. Yes. How come these people, these religious people, are picking on the governor, they're picking on the president, but they're not picking on God. Couldn't God cure this woman? What do you mean they're picking on the governor and they're picking on the president? What does that mean? They're saying that the president should do more to stay safe, she'll try over, right? Yeah. They're saying that the governor should do more to stay carry, right? God, God. They're not getting mad at God. God, sir, not in God. God, I'm not going to do with this. Okay, this was a, this was a husband, okay, he's trying to cure it. That's what they're telling him. Oh, hey, hold on. Okay. That's the answer, pal. He answered with the elecitor not. Michael Stravo, he's a killer. He's murdering her. And of course, you're going to agree with all these other people. All these other heavins, infantels. And again, they picture a ran and they show it to you like, well, basically no comment. There's Jesse Jackson and Randall Terri reaches out, he grabs him by the arm and slaps him up to the podium and like they're almost harm and almost they think about to do something to them. I mean, just the concept of it is enough to make Hunter West Thompson like, boys brains out from what they think are ready yesterday. Of course, he was so sliced by that and sliced by that time with the president of make, right? Right. He's a state of mind. He's a rascal house. He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's you way and hello. Hey, Neil, yes, sir. Did you know that Ricky Tickie met you doing this show this morning? No, I didn't know that. How would I know that? Yeah, no one told you. Now, what he said. He said that he don't bake for food like other DJs and then he says, well, that guy's all the way up in Canada. But at least he sees the crew. Yeah. So I guess that's what he was talking about. Oh, good. All thanks to the fire in port. We love your Ricky Tickie. Okay. We tip our camp to you. where one of those Ricky Tickie camps now like I'm right. Are we doing my head last night by the way? It's a good good sunburn if you don't wear a hat down here. Yeah sure. Shaved in nice rain. Maybe I'll have to get one of them. Ricky Tickie silly. You remember like the thing? Oh yeah. Yeah that tweet that old tweet suit from 1932 and I think one of them sure lock homes and Charlotte homes caps to go along with it. We'll have Boca Bryant bring you in a nice bedora. There you go. Let's see who's the fact that says I'm ready to agree with the Republicans if all well looks into a coma. Talk all kinds of tubes in every orifice and let him linger online. It says what's the difference he's been invincible for 71 years. That's pretty good point. Of course he's a vegetable he'll want to be lumped in with him fruits. You can you follow what I'm saying. You're very. Please. Welcome to QAM Hello. Hey Leo how's it going? Brother. All right, pal. Hey I got a public service announcement for you. The Miramar TV is running radar island drive and I just want to tell that nice what we also hope you get breath cancer from that radar you're bitch. How right or maybe you're just going to aim at his rectum in between cars. How's that was that sound? You see this thing if we ever went on serious we couldn't do the pig reports. I mean we get one like what? One about every five years. All of that this stuff we used to get that's all passing now. You know all those people service like this got just did for all new people out there. So you can get the nail by the body. By the under the tree police are kind of high. It is road. How many QAM hello? Yes sir. How you doing Neil? First time. I'm going to. Some of Shannon Manit's a great life. Neil I just wanted to let you know that there are plenty of Republicans out there that believe in you and still love the show and even though we call ourselves Republicans we still are mad at the list for a lot of it's nonsense. Well good for you. And I'm Catholic. Again I'm still a huge fan of the show so you do have a cold following as Catholic Republicans. Wow okay I marked that thanks a lot family. I'll probably get that. I'll have a great day. And YouTube. There's a Catholic Republican. Let's hear it. Right. Huh? Somebody should tell him the Republicans think that he's going to help along with all the other kind of money. You know I'm looking you know life is too short. Terry Shabo should be a great demonstration all of that. All of this arguing. All of this carrying on you know can we just get along like Rodney King said you know can we all just get along? No they don't work. I see. I know. Let's see how that poll is coming man. We don't have any of those stern people. I've told you that long time ago they're long gone. Keep jerking the audience around. One day we're entertainment. One day we're sports. One day we're this one day. Here's a you know man all man of people that run this place. There are a bunch of mubble. Crazy people. Crazy people. And why you know and no I I take that back you know where the crazy people I give up Hank Goldberg. Jim Manage and he'll Rogers. Not in that ordinary mess is certainly affected the three of us resigned and across any other one. He signed the two or seven years or what's that all about? What is that all about? He's not crazy. Oh I see. Wow that is just a real talk about a fly opener that's just unbelievable. That's a real pants drop right there. Which in these applies your morning listening habits we ask we you know if Josh would have been pumping the audience there so to speak we could have made the sounds but this is how we like you know we haven't been doing it. Why do I got to be pumping it? Yeah. Because then what else you're going to do you sit there like a bump on a log unless there's like a hood or a bump on a mub. You should have heard how animated he was last week. Wow. I was excited man. He was with stuff in a way a spastic frenzy with a food coming in there. 765 votes if we had 800 by now we could get the tooth of the 15,000 votes. I wanted us to need a long QA 173 look at that. Since during luck I wasn't a Hank. 171. Thank God for that. Thank God for the fat Humper. That was I listen to Joe Rose in the morning 77 shame on you all. We like Joe a lot but don't do it. I listen to Stearn on another station 73. Error America in the AM 64. NPR and AM 59. Paul and Ron in the AM 36. 5 in time are right on Paul's ass with 32. Don't listen to radio in the AM 29. Since during life no QA M and A M 29 just it would be M and A P M. I listen to music radio in the AM 18 and the big is zooming up there man. He really is Rocks all the way up to Paul. 20U Roger this is it! Right! Break that I can't hide Some more endless thoughts of theirs alone But I can't find a friend It's so far away I drank myself half-blind All right Drink myself half-blind There's somewhere no more clear Balance will just now suit up with them here Forget the wind y'all down Everything I have to do to protect me Must be the most dangerous on L.C.E.E. A never-parent town Promise us we could If you left everything I'm forwarding me to hold There's freshmen drinking beers Small bit big fat balls Walk up with them here To bar our distrafear Forget them with y'all down Yes, I'm going That's a stupidity One or two and five six The WQM we got most We got molotoo We got dorsosolid And then we got Curtis and full And we got guilty of seven from Hollywood dog track and Itty K10 and the clock That's our award-winning lineup here on QLM Then we'll lie That's the question Okay, we'll explore all this wicking in Friday, 1130 Then then they will fear us Or then we will fear them See what I'm saying What do you say By the way, do you see they just slept off Another protest and they just arrested Their impenalist parking from the hospice We don't bother Yeah We have been And the fact that the matter is At no time where they ever Probably no more than 70 or 80 But let's even be generous and say 100 of these getsky right out there And they've had any billion hours of TV time And every occurring on And there was some massive protest going on And the fact that the matter is there was not And is not I mean, I can't say big sentence But it's not The city of your field beach All budding, I probably zero why Closed its beaches to swimmers and surfers again And they because of sharks in the water Off the beach Just like in the radio business man There are the sharks in the water Everywhere you look You know the ones I'm talking about Yes, I do Migrating sharks of shut down Beach is neighboring Palm Beach County several times the past two weeks No injuries were you know I'm going to interrupt myself It's not important to the anyway Unless you're going to go swimming there It's just it's just really frost my entrance And so much And I'm not you know, kissing your ass Because far be it for me But it's just the idea that they have Take a look at what they do Like Lenny Martens And the beast and Troy and as much as I'm all for Troy and he's a good guy And he sounds pretty good on here But you know They should kiss your ass They should be in there like with a Limezine to take you home and take you to your Girlfriends house where we want to go To a clock, you know what I'm saying? Yeah As opposed to this crap And that inquisition and all your Surfson air and he said There's you know all this brow meeting They've been doing it for like seven years They don't appreciate anything or anyone All they know is You know, stories to go through that Forget about that Just to go through that's fast the routine And you want to know why they go through a Fast the routine What these people about talk radio You could put in a symbol and have room for fat boys As in there And mine and hangs and boys too Pretty big symbol Yeah, that's right The thumblina You're fairy But that's what they know about talk radio All in over and sports and ball games And of course now the dolphins have moved across Time, you know the four and twelve dolphins And nobody wants to touch with the ten-foot pull Now the fee finally unloaded that lost leader You think that maybe they would have enough common sense They're something more important than just to stupid Much of ball games Okay, and just like hangs it on yesterday morning After the weekend when all is fine How many over to what would they're for over time games A Josh? Yes, three or four Three, you know three I think Well, sure three, it's still phenomenal And I don't even care about it But even there with all the stuff going on man It's the same old-tired crap South Florida is not a sports town It never will be It was a dolphins town But as soon as they went for and twelve and everything turned south there Forget about it I hope those guys across the street have real good luck selling that crap And and and sucking up to Wayne How'd you like to that line from what does the new coach from Michigan State? I forget his name already The new coach Nick Nick Saven Even even when I'm talking about me You're talking about LSU You're talking about what you think Michigan State It's like Nick Saven It was coached Michigan State But he came from LSU I don't care It came from Michigan Came from outer space Okay Okay, but if you would call that interview he did on there Would Joe Rose that day across the street Then very first interview Oh, yeah, you're one of us now Joe This is after they signed the deal, you know One of us now you got to talk nice about us See As opposed to now our guy can take the gloves off And tell you really what they think about how bad that organization grows Just like mad doggy They talking about Wayne running around his pink panties or whatever that was How'd you like that? Oh, it was good Now it was great I keep playing that promo Play that promo for the homeowner You know what I'm saying? You fairly like it Coming up next Good Maybe Wayne's son likes it too The pink panties Maybe they share I don't know I'm plain Maybe they pass him around in the family I have no idea But this business I have it And that of course was part of this stuff A Joyce try to put all of our contracts That's another reason we could be fired out of the 500 other reasons that we could be fired If we fired it the wrong flavor or looked at her cross side or anybody else Was if we said any nasty things about the owners of the franchise or any of the players Any of the players Oh, I would love to get from Norma Kent Even though it would cause tremendous psychosis I would like to get a copy Because in fact I actually may have it I'm not too sure I might actually have a copy But I don't think so Of the stuff that they try to give us to sign Okay, and then put it on our website I mean you talk about having some good laughs You people like you all man Fall on a floor Laf you all know what the laugh or cry If we if we acted away then isn't conducive to To a What the expressions I harmonious work playing That's what I'm going to carry about to Or of course the best one was in subordination We could be fired or suspended for in subordination So in other words you say it under that phone If Muff came into you and said, well, you better not tell you And you just laughed at him or something like that Or said, you're fair You're out I mean, even even an animal You know animals are working the circus Even their agents wouldn't sign that deal She tried to get everybody to sign And this is the dark cloud that we're working under so called Cropart Legal Comfort and a valet and Cropart Legal Now, hey Joyce, take a hike honey You're an idiot You're a civil den You're not under qualified You are unqualified You're absolutely unqualified to be doing anything over there You would know a radio from your ass Even if it had knobs on it And from what normatels me probably it does 5670516 I think I'm getting my voice back a little bit But when I get tomorrow, it'll probably be back full or Or maybe it'll go the other way With yourself Huh? Don't say that But I think if I get out there and get some sunshine Take a look man It is so beautiful Do you have any idea what a cycle you must remember Sure, I do I remember shoveling and shoveling It is 11 degrees Celsius It's 52 and it's going to be close to 60 today Oh, I'm telling you, March is pretty damn cold here Not that you care about them, just, you know, in case Castro wants to talk about it tomorrow Okay, so many QAM hello Hi, I need a doctor You need a bullet I do the head right between the eyes That's exactly what you need The rest of the world by the way would be delighted to cooperate Prozacron WQAM hello You're 11th Mealt I'm here I have a question for you Joyce Her background according to the Beasley website Her biography is a medical That's correct That's absolutely correct sir She is no background in radio Watch the web, that's right Yeah, I mean there's absolutely nothing in it Her biography We're mulling with you Now let me ask you something You said this is on the Beasley website Yeah, what it is is the announcement I'm in my car right now So I can't tell you directly the address Right There's an announcement of the time when she was appointed I want to say it was like November of those three or something like that Yeah But if you just get it Yeah, if she was appointed me for the steering to buckle by the way She would like to point that out For no exactly And if you just Google on like Joyce and her out I don't want to say your name Just yeah I'm just a little grateful name And just put Beasley and you'll get it Yeah And yeah, it's incredible Nope, I understand What does that tell you about the company that we're working for How much they know about the business I think I think she's got borders of the goat No, that might be it Definitely Or maybe she stole the banjo 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, she's You know, it's one thing everybody knows about the FCC And everybody's scared of their own shadow Now the networks and everybody else We've got a subway back because we've got a bunch of O-Jomper Locked tours and FCC that's got rabbis and rabies And all these wild finds But the fact that it matter where she's gone so far Beyond them And of course the people were supposed to be on our side The people were supposed to be helping us to do the best job we can And get the best ratings and get the biggest audience And make the most money for the operation Those people are a bunch of cowards Spindless jellyfish Oh, let's ask Joyce What's your 100-4? And so finally we put a stop to ask And ask you, Joyce, because every time they would ask Joyce No matter what, can we say hello? It's a good time No, no No, no, no You couldn't even get finished a question Can we? No Whatever the question is, the answer is the same No And this is the woman who's the proud of you folks of the even the fart sounds on a show Fart sounds There were different commercials every day I never were television with fart sounds I don't know if you're aware that I'm sure you are I am I also watch a lot of children's telegram Fart sounds Fart sounds prominently And yet here we can't even elevate ourselves to the level of children's programming Because we'd better brought over there who wouldn't know a radio If you stuck her arm pit on one If you stuck her ass on a fryer on the deep fryer Let us know what you do that by the way Please WQAM Hi, I'm here You crying out for my You know, okay, remember, John, I hear you crying out for God to put to your head WQAM, hello Not there WQAM, hello Hey, look at for new Speaking Hey, Neil, two things I don't want to think of too much time There's been a dare as I can talk fest of it And it only comes out like around Christmas time Have you ever heard of it? Never heard of it, thank God It's like gingerbread ice cream is really good Wow And the second thing is, my wife describes something called Netflix So we get all these movies And ever since you guys started talking about movies I've been getting a whole bunch of them And the movie that really stands out for me is one called Boyce from Brazil And that one I tried to watch it, it was on I have seen or something when I tried to watch it I couldn't get into an ancient Strange, but the blue eyes and everything It was just crazy For 70s movie, it really impressed me Because I don't think there's much that came good out of that There's a lot It's really fake I was 70s, it wasn't much good to come out of the 70s movie Well, I think it back The movies and the 70s, they all have that whole kind of look You know, now I like to black and white But they kind of have that No, I don't know if it's you talking about the cinematography Exactly, yeah Well, well, that Okay, boy, it's a little bit zero Thank you Check it out, I'll check out those boys from Brazil All I understand is that most of them are portagaisi Don't speak in English, no speaking of money Right, it's a big portagaisi A lot of Italians didn't have Brazil A lot of Germans in Argentina Yeah, and you know what their beef is But they have beef there One thirteen at five, 60WQA Meero Spring is here, it's a official I can smell of the birds Or drop in a big load on my balcony out there It's great And I was a great time to get on that armstrong For the homestead for some fantastic unbeatable deals On New O'Fives Right, now get behind the wheel of a focus Or escape with $2,000 cash back from port And zero percent financing Or that one guy says from the ed team Zero percent, you ever hear him? Yes I'll see you there Zero percent How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back And 1.9% financing Check out the O'Fives for the restaurant Right now, I'm a strong forward homestead You get to $2,500 cash back And just 1.9% financing And don't forget only when you buy from armstrong For the homestead when you get there It's exclusive, un-maximal unbeatable Tires, parts and batteries for life program Plus on top of that, a free for the sun pass to boot I'm strong forward as proud of our service men and women And if you're in the military, if you have a relative In the military, no matter if it's active, do you deserve it? National Guard or Coast Guard, you'll get a military appreciation discount David Rich and the entire staff at Armstrong For the homestead will guarantee you the best price in town And because their family owned and operated local Like I always tell you they'll treat you great Because they want to make you a customer for a long, long time Armstrong for the homestead, you'll find him at 307 25 South, 60 highway 20 minutes south of the 836 Well worth the drive no matter where you're hanging it out in South Florida Check them on the web, Armstrong cars.com We're giving David a very direct call 305 247 5112 Grab a few extra miles and save thousands on that new forward at Armstrong Forward of homestead You're listening to new Roger, you're listening to the number of Unfive, 60, 50, a few, a, a Lady, ask if sick and they're not bad Probably come and answer some of your questions Let's see here, yeah Thank you, Mr. President I wanted to get your thoughts on drug dealers And our nation's public schools I believe that they have done a superb job And it's important for young children Two-party, anyway Thank you, Mr. President What advice would you give senior citizens who are struggling to get by on Are monthly social security check? Here's the money to go the lottery And I'll take it to the track Okay, yes sir Thank you, Mr. President It's been widely reported that you suffer from erectile dysfunction Yeah Well, we're not going up Have you ever tried Biagra? Yes Didn't work Listen, polls go down Thank you all Yeah, no problem One 18 a few am, here's a great fact Speaking of him Correct you are sir, hundreds of hours of media coverage And devoted to the 80 to hundreds of tribal protests This is a way major protests, which of course it is not But when an anti-war protest is held at the track So a hundred thousand plus people The media gives it 30 seconds Not 30 minutes How would you say that? The liberal media would work Wing, Wing, right? You know, not this last weekend But the weekend before A couple weeks ago, it was a day Hundreds of protests against the war in Iraq All around the world Right? And all including here in Toronto And there were thousands And there were probably totals of millions of people Participated to put them all together And they didn't even get 30 seconds coverage Right I had to like search like crazy Even in the internet to find a story to put on our website About that Had a search for a 10 minutes to find anything to put on there Even I certainly saw it on the news here On the CBC or whatever CTV or whatever I saw Got a lot of prominent coverage And that's because you've got controlled The media is so manipulated and so controlled now And so, you know, devoted to a Gustafing along That you're never going to get to truth Excellent thanks Thank you so much Thanks for reminding me of that You got about 50 people out there You got 50 minutes, but it's really random You know, the decided Randall Terry and Jesse Jackson There together That should tell you everything you didn't know about both of them Okay? Couple of media horrors Opportunists coming Carpenter's Coming from Out of State to like steered upon And take advantage of this crap The same Randall Terry that's, you know, Advocates murdering abortion doctors and Bullying up clinics The same one that's all four capital punishment He's there because he's so worried about Terry And he's there with a Reverend Pat Mahoney Who doesn't have a guest appearance on Mr. Ego He showed us a week I guess So he made the rounds at every TV show going Give me a break Now, what did American people's brains They've turned to jail Well, they can't get any information From their TV sets All they get is propaganda Police today are searching for an 18 year old Dr. Huss reported a ducted by a man From a store parking lot of federal Startle family in Lantana The abductor forces kept him into a dark brown Chevrolet SUV type vehicle Two other men were inside the vehicle Which had North Carolina license tags on it Was reported last seen hit in Northbound on The teenage girl identified as Suzanne and Matail Jose Was abducted from the parking lot in front of the Kmart store at high-pilocks of road And so I'll fix you how around 640 this morning Police said she was with her mother and father On her of avoiding beach landscaping Venice and a younger sister Police said the family was waiting for Kmart to open So they could go shopping They were walking across a lot When Suzanne was suddenly grabbed by a man Restlled into her waiting SUV The panic family fled to their car Followed the SUV west and half a luxury road Then on the Northbound I-95 but soon lost the vehicle Police said the men in the SUV called the girls parents were a cell phone But investigators won't say what the kidnapsers demands were I do like that Through And all kinds of important things to be worried about And by the way DCF they shrewd into the great job with really Well, then thousands of others And how about Jessica? But there's so many aspects to all these different things The sex offended at slimeball though The 26 times he was in jail 26 And they let him out so we could kill and rape and kill a little girl And they're worried about her vegetable But hey don't confuse the hell governor with these things Or fat ass governor He's got important fish to fry Like making sure we don't get those What are bandits in the erase tracks? Things like that 560560 The pound five60 and the like I said The sun is shining in the birds singing Well, what's the use huh? Not gonna change Like the guy to call me for the Republican Catholic They're listening to me and blah blah You know, I hope your real happy with what you got going I was sir I hope all you have been voted for the bushmaster And now his approval rating is down to 42 or 43 percent What do we know now that we didn't know before? Okay, except that he's a funny, volony Great-driving pawn of big business That's all he is and all of whatever will be This whole business this whole love affair with a religious right That's all just the dog and pony show to get them mobilized to come out and vote Which is what kind of elected this last time again At least allegedly Right, if you believe the numbers You have 670560 I do that flimister and act up again George. Oh bro No, but it gets him an amusement correct up for tomorrow How many Q a and hello? A. N. O. Are you pretty good, pal? Hey listen up last week when the shinlers were talking about a How cherry was saying awa Yeah, we're trying to translate On Sunday I heard the pope and he was saying awa Yeah, and the pope now he couldn't even get that out I think that humby I think it's a revelation. I think it's a sign from God That can be a very shy vote to replace the pope Now you're talking I think what we need to do is take the two bow of the pope and put it back in Very shy vote Shipper off to the Vatican. What do you think? Excellent job. We would toss Awa That's what Jesse Jackson was doing there. He was blowing some smoke Maybe that was a sign Maybe that was a signal, huh? I mean if that wasn't the most pathetic thing That crap from the Vatican on Sunday And they finally they wheel him over to the window Yeah, yesterday on Easter Monday by the way he didn't even show you know The pointy at the window he might be in there somewhere But you know I would have been amazing if Michael Jackson came to the window And David like kid out to window again When I've been something I've been funny Yeah, didn't happen though Here's a man in a dress in a chair I did man in the fact that's the new office pool for tomorrow morning In fact we better start right now Jerry fall well Terry Shival or ill Papa Huh pretty good battle there huh he's an ill Papa the ill Papa He's pretty he's ill he'd be ill and Bad Oh, but the Vatican says this and the Vatican said that and this is the same as murder Yeah, right whatever you say How many QA and hello Not there. I guess there were two concert about you know when certain mafia see died all the people at the same order and they He gave him the last rights and held the funerals and Catholic churches. Yeah, I guess that was okay Because they don't need to be had the money big they wrote the big checks like Michael Crowley only wrote that check for well Was it a hundred million dollars which of course was to make it even more ridiculous right yeah Don't spend it all in one place. Yeah, there's Mary with a dictionary that was spent in all of one place. Hey, man That's right at that point in a movie. That's when she should have got it for bad material. Hey Mary There you go. He really is great when he wants to be an auto. He's he's just too much Where is an onion tray you idiot? Who ever told you that you could work with men? What's your hired for? This is a helpless this has seen clearly to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living You company man you're fairies You're right Yeah, maybe maybe the purpose of a go fishing would pray to over the weekend. What do you think? Yeah, I mean they burnt what a Venice together some of the canals 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound five 6 these is such a frustrating time in which we live you know So many important fish of rain you notice this is such a great cover up, you know while the put in the full court press I would have social security scam which fewer and fewer people are including the people on Wall Street now to people are honest They're saying this is a really bad idea like he said and I did I just play now So take that take it and go buy a lot of retickets. They're taking the track yeah, all your retirement money and then don't blame us when you're broke But all our friends in the corporate world man are going to have all your money I'm going to be watching How those can be Yeah It's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers Seconds What 30 if you weigh in we're holding a candlelight video starting at 2 o'clock here in Toronto today all afternoon praying for the death of Jerry Falwell 840 votes on our full so far, which in these applies your morning listening habits Will that be something if it was an active guy that got just he just paid up, you know, there's so many people in the country are fed up with his whole Religious fanited they're finally catching on you know, that's the one good thing from the whole Terry business Don't you think yeah, I think it's yeah Finally starting to awaken and now if the Lord's smite's Jerry Falwell strikes him now and you know what if that happens then Pat Robertson can't be very far behind I'm like yeah, and I would be keeping my on Jan and Paul's crotch after that Although I would only somebody else be to do it which in these applies your morning listening habits we asked well, but certainly got my voice back I think it's an active Yes, say Jerry Falwell The singer of God has spoken Maybe it would maybe that was the thing that was it Wendy's in the Chile maybe she had to like listen to it Put it up to her ear at the least you could scratch him and at the waxy bill up out of there right right War should offer a little bit see the first story since I'm about but the finger was baked in the Chile was cooked in there You know, what I guess what it made a nice and tender more tender than that awful steak I had it back on Rujie Montreal over the weekend Oh God, that was so bad You know, it's a nice restaurant. It's a chain and the other stuff is very good the accutrements, you know, but the meat Ooters nothing worse than a bad piece of meat anyway since during life I listen to hang 180 you said listen to the huffer let's hear it for the next man. Oh man he's kicking some serious air It was funny 1807. I only listen to Neil on Qm 1804. Oh 22% Joe Rosina a.m. they're listening to 88 Well, he's got him beat 2 to 1 see that math 88 money 87 better than 2 to 1 I listen to stern on another station 83 air on America in the AM 70 NPR and AM like George the intellectuals out there who want to news They want to know what's going on in the world in the morning when they get up 63. I might be welcome on like huh, it's just by elimination. I'd like to hear some music actually You know, what are you a CV deck and I read as you leave it that's what I listen to all of the other time. Oh Paul and Ron and a M 40 Don't listen to radio and AM 34 Bob and Tom and a M 33 and keep in mind around here in Palm Beach County if they were on and they've a Broward I mean they'd leave Paul and Ron and they're in their wake in the dust even Ricky. I'm sure what to be with that Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, let's see since stern life no Q a M and a I'm 31. I listen to music radio and a m 19 and a big I mean, the AM has got rock solid eight. Of course he went on a little bit late, but he's only got eight. That's not so great. I'm going to send 840 votes. Josh you screw up your free meal for tomorrow. It could have had a thousand easy just a little bit of product We're not going to make it my night even make 900 now because we we haven't imparted the sense of urgency to the audience You know they can vote later on on the afternoon tonight early and on whatever I was here early in the morning. Huh they got all day. Yeah Well, you didn't have all day for you to get your food though they had to go to a clock. Yeah, they're there You lose but I was going to say they can vote early in the morning, but don't be too sure cuz now I'm starting to play a little games in there With you might just change that pull when you least expected. Okay, did this morning? What was that one I stuck in the middle there? I wish it easy if you're about to leave. Yeah, and the interesting thing is I'm just when they cared about the most was the earthquake in Asia right. Well, you have some real tough choices on there Call me my land college hoops Okay, let's ask your ice-coordes Which one of these you care about more college hoops or the earthquake yesterday in Asia honest answer For the time being let's go with the college hoops there you go. Well, what does that mean for the time being? Well, I still I'm still in the running I could wait a minute out of here We're still we didn't have another tsunami. I mean there's you know a couple thousand people dead, but you know They got so many people over there anyway Trust that's not really how I'm looking at it, but you know that I had here and I don't don't be a politically correct smock Okay, you couldn't care less about what's going on in Samatra You wouldn't even know where to find Frank Samatra on a map if he had money on that Yeah, that's right if you didn't make a bet on that I forgot about that he's been on basketball now. You know something is this resume to a tank show for more You know, you were a tank show. I think Hank is turned you into one of his gambling quiz lines like Donny B That's you know and all those I remember that will be for obviously when we first came to that station man I'm gonna I couldn't believe what was going on Hank had like this little group of of you and like Stu got There's another one turn code all these little junior gamblers They were all like little junior hanks, you know, and that's all he knew how there was bet on anything These did bet on when Geldy's other B me would drop Which was still in the school or winner on that by the way 567.0560 pound five 60 only Verizon so that goes to show you folks They care more about stupid college who've spasky ball games than about the important stuff like people dying in hurricanes and Sunamis mommy what do you got to say with that go Michigan state How Spartans baby? What I say to that not that I care a lot, but it would be nice. Huh? Yeah, I saw some of the pictures on the TV in fact I get the Detroit network of affiliates. I was watching WWJ news you have the night of whatever they call those letters Now channel four and they showed the East Lansing a little bit of routing this going on over there How unusual on a college campus, right? Right? So some pretty hot-looking people there too. It's not ever I'm thinking now is it too late to go back to college with my current knowledge Oh, please Dominic you a.m. Hello. I don't know yes, sir I think it was time magazine janir February. I'm not sure how big out of all for fighting all this like the new breed of Religious people that are coming up now Yeah, so even though being very happy following Robert Sunit on how a son of a hard-a-kind A bit there's too many of people right there. Is this waiting in a wing? That's right. They're just waiting to say it is ready to the wind beneath their wings and and yesterday You know what's funny? I was just in the captain Curtis. He has somebody else in there with him. I don't know what it was But it should be I want to see what they were talking about because they I can say like the first draft of the door The wookie and I'm like the wookie. I'll tell you about that word Yeah, the mind of the I got it Wookie looking Excellent that was great. Now, I said totally if we took six thousand cause we get one really a good winner there 560 pound five 60 that was you know one of the calls of the century It's just you know by now you got to take all a bunch of them and soonerally get somewhere somebody's got a stomach Yeah W hahaha Yep carry no we can take a ride on a date okay great uh... fact is not what you said when he came to a bedside baby why you do this to me dead me that's what it was jib bush all brought i i see that gives me angry just thinking about him and the fact that a lot of you people voted for him yeah i don't want to get into a deeply because it's too late for my one question would be well what were you thinking about all we'd want to play the game huh they didn't like that other yeah okay building from a bride here comes the mid-right well yeah then we're a bit more that's our expertise man we can always put up no matter what how bad the republican candidate is no matter how poor of a job he's done and how much he's been voted by the public in everybody else uh... the democrats always find a loser okay a loser john carry michael do poppice water uh... mondayl you name it we can find a loser if you're making sure long for those boba days i'll tell you that right now i look at what they did to him they practice you talk about jesus on a cross one's not gives him the com out with a movie about what they did to bob on on a nice that you know one of those one of those entertainment shows they got a whole song that's with meald gives him and his old attitudes about religion and how we became one of these what was the word the use for these catholics that are like uh... what's that term i don't know you know what i'm talking about the rate the rate is separate sex and extra vision i think yet the sort of the uh... melgerson i know if i'm gonna find out what's going on and what the answers are to all the questions and mankind as comes and and jesus You fairly need a lot of cross to come to me Do you mind not to see no gifts and sleep? Oh my God I'm a growner, we can see the family I keep them fairly dead and wanna find us in And though there's no one to live in RECK! That's why I've changed No girls will wear a lace No big brother, the specialities The people born into their monkeys lands The breaking thoughts of each man's curse Do I look like the U.S.A. In a Jackson's group, it was a hint That is growing but passion's no big part of their range Not far, not me changed No girls will wear a lace No big brother, the specialities The people born into their monkeys lands 16.02 and QM, we got more Howard David We got a total of two Now this Supreme Court express concerns today Over allowing entertainment companies to sumacres of software That allows internet users to illegally download music And movies questioning whether the threat of such a lecture My stuff will web innovation During a lively argument, just to just to wonder Whether such law suit is made of Disgraged past inventions like copying machines Video cassette recorders and iPod portable music players All of which can be used to make illegal duplications Of copyright documents, movies and so on Just to Stephen Breyer, who makes one hell on ice cream Said the same software that can be used to steal copyrighted materials Offered at least conceptually some really excellent uses That are legal The anxious justice Antonin Scalia I maintain that a ruling for entertainment companies To mean that if I'm a new inventor, I'm going to get sued right away While seeming liary of allowing lawsuits, the court also appeared Deeply troubled by efforts of the companies at manufacturer so-called Files sharing software to encourage internet piracy and profit from it First is Anthony Kennedy, press of software, lower on the question of whether Profit from trafficking and stolen property can rightfully be used Outfinance a young technology of business That seems wrong to me he said Two lower courts have signed up with the software makers, Grokster and Streamcast Networks The justice is real could redefine how consumers can watch TV shows and films And listen to songs that increasingly are delivered in digital formats Supporters of file sharing technology say we're doing against the software companies Could effectively give the entertainment industry a legal veto over up and coming gadgets They've heard the threat of expensive lawsuits could hamper development of due devices The case has star power on both sides Don Henley, Cheryl Crowe, the Dixie tips and other musicians They're backing the major recording labels saying their livelihoods are threatened Admitted to people can get their songs for a nutten And of course in many cases that's what they're worth About especially Cheryl Crowe about 20 independent recording artists Including musician and producer Brian Eno, rockers, heart and refer activist Chuck D Support the file sharing technology They say it allows greater distribution of their music and limits the power of huge record companies Regardless of the outcome, it still won't be legal to download copyrighted materials Over the internet without permission though tens of millions of computer users do so each day George And any ruling owner fact thousands of copyright lawsuits filed individual against internet users called sharing music and movies online But a victory for the entertainment companies But also allow lawsuits that could drive companies that make file sharing software out of business It would also effectively over turn rules that a government technology company is for more than two decades Manufacturers can't be sued for copyright violations committed by customers using their products illegally So there you go, the Supreme is our word about that right now they're ruling on it So give it a watch show you're uploading and downloading and offloading and unloading Got it? Got it Now the words be careful where you stick that cue five six seven five sixty pound five now I wouldn't be nice if you would I hate to say this but just die already. I mean you know it's getting really close Well, that's what we watch. Yeah, that's a good point. Well look at that. Was constantly shooting kill and make it man See that one? Nope. How are they shot them in the chest? No, I don't know how I was on the work. That's it five six seven five sixty come on Let's go let's get these last few minutes here whipped up into a frenzy put on a good night Pretend you have something to say okay me the first time at almost these thirty years have something to say something very important something for found like maybe I'm dying on the head. Yeah, that would be good especially for a few these. How many Q a m hello A new let's hear guys. Hello. Yeah, I'm here behind you guys are coming back from Iraq with your brains blown on arms on it They're not getting any attention but this shop tribal woman gets all of it And there's absolutely correct your president and your fan ask governor have shown no compassion whatsoever from these people are coming back like what Her limbs blown up or in body bags and yet is poor vegetableized bitch We got a whole song to dance about her excellent point question. No, I can always air on the side of life You're right. I asked you an extra this question. Yes. Why did both get in? By the way, I got we started about 70's movie the best one Yeah, 70's the best movie Why would it be standing still upstairs remember he was like heading next to window right I don't remember And we went to the end and BJ cop was great and the answer the question father paranoia Yeah, yeah, thank you his just his facial expression he's just so great underrated let's bring a back alive Lee Jay. I got an idea Let's take that tube that was keeping Terry goal and I give it to Lee Jay. Yeah, but we can bring him back Okay, I'll get her In fact, I remember that I'm here when he said rush was popping them oxy cotton through a cube. I could be wrong about that So oh and oh speak a lad some people grind them up. What's that? I do with that story speaking of oxy can oh, yeah, here you go I don't think I was gonna get to this, but I will G.O.P. advisor died of an overdose Republican media advisor Arger agree Steven's who was founded in the Beverly Hills California home of actress Kerry Fisher on perboard 26 died of an overdose of cocaine and the pain killer oxy cotton according to the LA County coroner's office You follow that no a spokeswoman at the coroner's office read to the Washington Times forces of the report Which was completed Friday cocaine and oxy cotton this folks will instead when asked by phone was across the death when asked specifically Whether there was a drug overdose. He said Another part of the autopsy revealed that Mr. Stevens also suffered from hyper traffic Hyper-traffic heart disease however this spokesman said this was not a factor in his death. He was only 42 He was an associate with the powerhouse washed and loving from Barburg rift and Rogers and had traveled to the LA Lieutenant Academy Awards. It was staying at the home of Miss Fisher the two were longtime friends both attended a starston party Tom McCombrande and this reagent Bob Brian Lord miss Fisher's former husband the night before his death As Fisher found this two Stevens body and a guest room in following morning, but on the previous night the actress said when news of the death broke Mr. Stevens was in good shape tons of tons of people saw him. He was great. She said he was a great. He was Greg one day. He was dead the next My true time now My true time to the bleed Until the blood just come sorry like that there pop an oxy dollar right where there's a baby They know that the james up so And This rush lim ball Civil of humanity talk cell host Hemorrhide suffer Folks over three other pounds. I know the agave of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent Suppositories Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhide will kiss you Just with my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator cube Another fine product from OIB The obesity and broadcasting networkresident I'm a little girl, and I'm a little girl. I had a pretty much friends. And it's pretty good. And I'm a little girl, a little girl. I'm a little girl. I'm done the rug this way, that story is going away. He's doing the rug struggling in the park. Amaged for those who naked, they're doing the rug struggling in the park. He's doing the rug struggling in the park. He's doing the rug struggling in the park. And speaking of the doctor's shop and pill pop and rush, how can we do anything about that in no mold? What is your voice speaking of the car? I don't know. Maybe drug concepts comes in here because they have a lot of carpets to clean up. The right wingers because they sure have to sweep a lot of crap under their carpet. And anyway, rush, he's popping away. What did you say? Well, you say, all that business that saw to dance the sympathy because he was losing his hearing and he was going to... We can't imagine why I can't. Oh, she's. Nine hundred nine votes on the pool. You know, we all as we could have made that thousand easy. You could have a nice big juicy, revitalized march. Okay. But you just, you just didn't push it, man. You got to push it. Well, push it tomorrow. The alvetu will. Nine hundred nine votes. Which of these applies to morning listening habits? Since turn left, I listen a hang to hundred and six. Thank God for that. Thank God for the hopper, man. I want to listen to Neil. I'm 295. That's over 21 percent. That exclusive cum. Hmm. Joe Rosen A M93. So I just got to be by better than two to one. What do I tell you? No more contend rate. Little bug. I mean, good guy. You know, he's... I guess they got all the spots getting to be sure of whether or two because they can't sell anything else. They can't sell toast and stew vats. And then the bans. I listen to turn on another station 92. Error America in A M77. Not Jerry Springer. What have they gone on? It's, oh, that's raise on nine to noon. Jerry Springer and I did know by the way if you like him. NPR and A M68. Paul and Ron and A M would steal old material 41. Bob and Tom and A M37 were really great. Don't listen to radio in A M36. Since turn left, no QA M and A M 34. I listen to music radio in A M 20 and look at that. Trading the pack, but making a little bit of a move. They're really rock solid. A big is got yine. Very slowly, very carefully. Very syrup-titiously. Moving along. Singin' a song. Not in English. Right, right, right. Bye-bye.