I got a message on my phone and it was in the height of the storm. Ken Walden calling me to see if I was okay but I couldn't take the call because my cell phone would only I could only hear on it and I couldn't hear me. I'll be there. Yeah. Ken Walden calling in the middle of the storm to see if I'm okay. Well there's a great guy Ken Walden, one of the dying breed of vanishing breed, one of the last of the old garden. Yes he is. They don't make him like that anymore. He's the best. Actually you know something you know, your guys and my guys have been working very hard the last couple of days and you know to get information out and they've done, you know, I think they've done very well. Yeah. And you only think if I ran this company if I was a clamp it I would think you're a bonus. Oh yeah. This is out of seal Josh court. This is big reason that he's supposed to be getting this out of seal it. Oh yeah. Oh so with these grave robbers. No, they're going to claim that they had damage over their relation maple. They got a ring. They got a ring. They got a ring. They just wanted to know. They got a ring. They just wanted to know what they have. Clara's was just in there mumbling a few little things. I forgot to ask him about who's doing two to four because we had another I didn't realize they had some kind of a problem in fully but guilty was supposed to do two to four because there's no mole. Yeah. As I said earlier in the show there was a big sign at the airport that said we are not allowing any place to land here. This means you, Maul. That's a loole. There you go. Maul again. Not me. Just like Ronald Reagan would say there you go again. Wow. Me, wow. And he's not around anyway. He couldn't get back. I'm sure he did the money and I came somewhere. He was in Minneapolis. Was he really hated the Vikings screen bay game on Sunday? There's a lake made of taucé. I see him. Good place for him. Very good. He had a couple of good numbers in there on the action. He's okay. He did fine. So everybody had a new improved moan. He's got that new do and he got a little gochee there. Through the musk rat out he's doing just fine. Yeah. Too bad he can't see him. Yeah. That's correct. I can't see him. In fact I'll never see him again. We ever see you again. Will you ever come back here? No. You'll have to come up here. I told you already. I'll meet you in Niagara Falls. I told you because you know where it would be on or somewhere. I'm not. Yeah. You have to come back there every now and then but I'm not to the state. Probably have to come back to see your account or something. I will not be coming back to the radio station ever again. You can take that right to the bank. When you come back, you sit live in New and I'll go out. Yeah. I already told him that. Can I ask you a stupid question? Sure. Wouldn't you think that if all businesses that banks would have generators? Yes. Because you know, has to have cash. You know, the hospital I would imagine would be number one priority. And then the airport which for a lot of deals obviously not doing very well with FP. Now, I've been out sucks by the way and also FEMA. Okay. But you think that banks would have generators so that at the very least people could conduct the ATM business and make good deposits and get some cash out so they can survive and go to the few places where they can give some food and ice and whatever they need. You know, thanks so. I had a call earlier from a regular call or my name is CJ who's a very bright, funny guy who who called up to tell us what's going on in the hood. And he said that of course, it's no surprise to him that areas like Oban Turo. Miami Beach sunny hours are getting their power back. Right. But they're not. Where the money is. Yeah. Exactly. How many told the audience that that's the truth. And of course, probably some of the beach shots from FP and I live in those areas. So that's the first place to get to be stored in spite of what they're going to tell everybody. Is they lie a lot. That's correct. But anyway, you're right. Everybody's been doing a fine job. Except it pisses me off and I give out and we all give out some misinformation. Yes, they're not because we're all by the net. Because the government isn't at. And so they had all these people getting really foaming it to moth and pissed off showing up, especially in Palm Beach County showing up for their ice and water and come to find out. Oh, well, it's not going to be here today. It's not hasn't arrived yet. Or it's, you know, come back two weeks from circus or something like that. And a lot of angry people, which goes to show that that law that went into effect October 1st was not a good idea. No, not at all. No. Because right now it would be the 10th of the year. It's not a good time that you're going to see some people testing that law. You know, you don't cut the front of me for that gang. You know, I'm bad. But you know, the person that has governor will come down and pan him out of back and say, Good job. But people are helping each other out. And hopefully some will continue some. Yeah. This is the one time that people in South Florida have to dispense with that hostels. Certainly, hate your neighbor attitude as part of the course. And have to try to find a little bit of decency inside of them, which a lot of people can. And then there are those who are just not, it's just not their nature. You know, I think that's not a good way. I'm not saying anything. I heard a noise. I heard a noise. Oh, let's see, we got bank Atlantic stores. Now, open that. See, there's some banks to. Before I go. Thank you very much. I got to address this here. I got to see if there are renegades not doing very well. No, no, that's because it's in brown. Brown, I guess. Look, a direct hit. You know, one of the things that I think there'll be long term. long-term problems about and that is all these new buildings on a percol area. Didn't make it through the storm. Right. And I'm wondering because there's there are theories of founding that this was still a category one. Yeah, the tornadoes caused it. And I'm wondering if the weather thing so we're wrong. I don't think so. There were no tornadoes into Orleans during Katrina and get to all those windows blown out. Yeah, like crazy. Yes. So I phone is ringing. Oh, that means even either my broadwester here or the book of Brian disc, which I don't think he's probably got one. But it's the building codes, these new buildings, these, you know, places like the four seasons of the old jail, the area, had the windows blown out. And brickle Avenue. I'm talking about, you know, 125 mile hour winds. I don't care what you say, but no matter how, certainly they're built enough to what standard and code. They're supposed to survive those things. That's what the building code says. Well, it will create center with supposed to survive those hits that it's not that was totally a different thing. Well, nobody knows, but they have been supposed to live here. We're like, most of all, you're not supposed to fall. Air planes fly in in your building. I don't know. I don't think they plan for that. Well, let's not find out. No. How are things in Toronto? Everything's just fine. In fact, the sun's going to shine today. It's going to be 46 and all the way up to 54 on Saturday. They got that, you know, the big sun symbol for the next four or five days. The only bad thing I got for you, because I checked the Florida weather is that well, it's very nice. Now, it's going to start warming up into the 80s, starting tomorrow for next several days, 83, 84, which isn't, you know, it's not 90, but when you have no AC in no power, it's going to start getting people little on the intensity side. I think you had the right idea. I mean, granted, you got a place to go after Tampa, but if you go to Tampa, then fly up to Tulsa where we have to go. Some of the people out there who don't have to work or, you know, because how many people are going to be working? Most places are going to be closed. Right. They have to like high tail of a go to MIA or maybe even get a limo to take them to Orlando or Tampa, and they can go find all the ATMs. They need and all the food and the storming, assuming they can find limos that have gas. Yeah. So, George told me quite a story about his hunt for gas in a can. You know, they keep it generated going this morning. And that we're not a pleasant situation. No. People are testing those gas lines. And all the lines. And then, of course, the David bus just thing over there with the ice and water. And they won't let people come in from stirring. Road, they have to come in on Sheridan and the people are lined up all the way into the Everglades. It's not good. No. Good timing. What happened? I don't understand. Well, I don't understand because there's a lot of publics and wind sticks. He's open, which we've been giving those addresses. We'll continue to do that. But, and actually, you know, because people are like, lunatics, even before the storm, they always go in and clear out all the ice and water. Those are two of the first things they clear out. But you would think that there would be truckloads and truckloads and that stuff coming in, would you? Do a think. You would think. By the way, you know, if you're FEMA, you know, why we would especially mean it to be any better now. But, I mean, all of the low and low. Well, we're prepared for well, you know, the fat ass governor was saying that in this new temporary FEMA director, as the thing was coming in all were prepared for this. And we bought repeat from the states that the justice and competent now is they were before the prophetic incidentally. You know, I think all almost all of the wind sticks, these are open now and right, most of the publics. Yeah. The only problem is they got to get to supply. But all you have to get there. All in a very simple items. Right. So it's tough. I go and get a lot of can goods, a lot of prunes, well, not prunes, probably, because if your electric's not working, that's not going to be flush neither. So. Okay. Yeah. Well, I think about being kind of selective in the foods you get there. Right. Maybe Apple songs would be good. Something soft that you can gum, you know, yellow, yellow, the excellent very good idea. Diet, yellow, lime, lime, diet, yellow. If they can't get it, publics, they'd always go to the cafeteria at the hospital, said, or got their cafeteria is open. The university Miami is open. Yeah. They have power. They're not. Oh, oh. Like, something. Yeah. I probably shouldn't say this because I don't want to like spur a whole, but my main international, not only is the airport open, but also the, um, you know, all the restaurants in there. Oh, yeah. So even though you mean that be traveling anywhere, like they got a cause of the world. Oh, it's not like I got a catcher plane tomorrow. They got last night. Oh, no, but it's something to think about. People are desperate to try to find places where they can find some food. Wow, but the hotel here's open. What hotel is that? There's an airport hotel. Oh, if the airport, you mean, yeah. Well, there you go. Miami Beach, I think sunny hours is now with power. So in South Beach, parts of South Beach from 50th Street, South. Right. So the hotels are functioning and they all have to do that. They were running a crawl on one of the television stations yesterday that was listening to hotels with the restaurants being open. So there are places to go. And also today's today that the court ABC news, the indictments are going to be handed out in plane gates. So we'll be on the other seat waiting for that. You know, because the best I checked into a hotel last night, I got up this morning and it was a USA today on my door. Yeah. I hadn't seen a newspaper in three days. You know, you just really, you know, I mean, without information, it may seem trivial, but you're really cut off. Yeah. So of course. Yep. That's why we're going to have to tremendous public service and probably all the zero big fat bonus when this whole thing blows over. That was the beach. That was the beach sounding somewhat skeptical. Yeah. I do think the thing. The thing came into Naples anyway. So probably a busy corporate headquarters have been blown off the face of the globe. Right. They can't afford it. And of course, if it took Joyce with him, then we can also, yeah, Hallelujah. All right. You should have something about your friend with a funeral of parlors, maybe we didn't make arrangements for Joyce. I will come back for that. I would dance. I would do a Kizanski on her grave. It's 1010 on sports radio five six DQA. I'm out of here. Have a safe trip. Pat Valenswell and heading west. Okay. C. A P. Val. All right. I'm dying on the hands. I'm going to go this morning about those people today. On your window and status is a proposed party. Brown offered no. What all of you? And mostly, when others stood at the bottom, they caused hundreds of dollars. My brown, there's no one left to blame. I said, Browne, you're the couple. I shame. I said, Browne, your career's up in blame. There's no one. I know who's or blame George Bush. We'd better make them shut up before he says that he should do time. I was required to whisper. He's way too dumb to run the F. F. M. So people died when he ran F. F. M. M. Now that everyone knows that his leadership votes, you can go back to your horse shows. Today, most of the public and jams Democrats criticize the fact that Browne is still on the federal payroll that maybe because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the wife. It's only 147 grand. What do you complain about? Anyways, public afternoon, good luck to all you because it sounds to me like you're going to need it. We're just going to pass along as much information as possible. I don't have a few of my bedtime stories. I'm including a Marine Dazzcon because you can't go online. But, um, Louisville and hopefully the information we give out will be accurate. Speaking of us, we just got a new slash. Yes, we'll be up in one of your best as possible today. We'll be doing a mail where they can when they can. I'll ride. Excellent. See, I told you, did I say that yesterday through a hurricane's in snow and rain and sleet and a hot sunny skies. Your postal carriers always come through for you, which basically means your own. You're going to be coming to the house. Who the wants to mail anyway right now? Hey, because we're going to have a gas company. What is it? It becomes of the care to gas. I'll take three. There you go. Well, we'll get in that whole thing about the gas in the ice. We're not going to be taking any calls because we have a technical glitch on this you're anyway. Yeah. But you can call in the talk to Josh. Who did a fabulous job. Yes, they understand what he told me did a great job. And the way you said he did it. What I said that. We're going to get some information to pass along like open the gas stations. Well, whatever. That would be good. Especially the food thing. Now you guys didn't get any food yesterday. Whatever happened with the doughboys. I don't know. We're at the doughboys. Yeah. They just called and used this and that was it. And that was the end of the way. Probably got so swamped before you get so cynical in the hostile now. And probably all swore I showed up here. Host all this morning. Yeah, I can't imagine why. Okay. Well, listen. Well, I'm doing the break before that. As of now, the following bank Atlantic is going to be a good place. Well, the whole occasions are now open. Well, I'm going to do the break first. Okay. Because I don't want to rush through this because people need cash. Of course, I'm not going to spend a cash. Yeah. Right. Right. I got cash. Do you? Forget it. Listen. If you can't find a bank that's open nearby you. Stop by the station. George. George. I'll just go with that. It's a meal. Roger. I'm sorry. I got a point. I got a point. Oh, shit. No, it's up. Yeah. It's Russell Zimmer. Welcome to their poetry. Today, I'll first have a headmaster. Luke for right now. The Molly Madland. Okay. Come down. 10 17 at 5, 60, W, Q, A, at least. It's nice and dry here and the sun is going to be cracking out here. The entourage is going to be just fine. No hurricanes, no tornadoes, no terrorist attacks yet. Although yesterday morning the head and the unit station and the turn out to be another one of those duds, but they're saying, oh, yeah. Something's going to happen here. It's not a question of if it's a question of when. You can't escape it. I'll tell you the place to go. Yeah. What? They didn't even New York. There will be no terrorist attacks in Geneva. Maybe it's a lie. They're basically going to be a good place. Right. Okay. Before we get all these lists and all this stuff. Because if it's not going to be very sexy or exciting, but I guess that's the best we can do for the next couple of days. Maybe beyond that is give you some information and hope that it's right. But the poor will leave the same poll up there for until at least the end of the week. Because not that many people can get online because not that many people have power. And the people out of state listing it, other places, well, the price is right. It's free. Keep listing. But a lot of this is going to be a little on the provolule side to that. At any rate, the only other thing before I start with these lists in statements that the CIA released about to be handed down. So the financial times and also ABC News last night was reported in this. Oh, a suicide attack at least four killed in the Hadir and Israel. The roadmaps, a little rocky over there. Another suicide bombing. Big deal. In statements of the CIA, the investigation case expected to be handed down by a grand jury today. Bringing to a head the criminal inquiry that trends to disrupt seriously. George Bush's second term. On Tuesday night, last night news reports reported by a source. Toast at the lawyers involved in the case said that target letters to those facing the indictment were being issued with seal the nine months to be filed today released by the end of the week. Those in legal jeopardy may include scooter livi and the crawl row. Mr. Channing himself has also been linked to the inquiry and the leaking of the name of an undercover CIA operative accordingly. If the New York Times a story that I read to you. Pat, see, I don't feel really reading newspapers to people not because they can't get one. Packard Fitzgerald's special prosecutor said he would announce any conclusion with 22 month investigation. And Washington. So we're going to keep our eyes peeled on it, right? Right. You're going to be peeling you. Well, I can pick up Channel 7. Well, that's good. I can pick up all of them. Right. Your channel, though. There's Mrs. Limbaugh. Hey, pop a couple more. Yeah. Couple of C. Sunny. And as of today, the bank Atlantic stores are open news locations. They'd county at Derrell 8705 Northwest 35th Lane. South Miami, 62 O2 South, 60 Highway. Flagler, 79 on the West Flagler Street, 10 day elakes 87 on southwest 137th Ave. High Alia, 1455 West 49 Street, candle, 1,400 North candle drive, 1 discane at 2 South This Game Boulevard. And then, interesting. It's called 1 discane, but it's a 2 South This Game. Huh. Brickle 111 Brook 119. In Broward, you'll find back Atlantic open at North's Carl Springs, 4695 North University Drive, South 10 Brook 1, 1200 pines Boulevard. Jack Irwanda, 1901 North Pine Island Road, Mainlands. 40. I have no idea what that is or where that is. 42 11 West commercial Boulevard in the Mobile ATM van. You were mainlines? No. Well, let's go to the mainland. Palm Beach, and Rose 8961 Oca Toby Boulevard. PGA, 7102 Fairway Drive. Avacoa, 5455, 5450 South Central Boulevard. Downtown Boca, 701 North Federal Highway. Glades, 61 on Reglades Road. Fort St. loosely at 147 South-wise Fort St. Lucy Boulevard. Fort Pierce, 1050 Virginia Avenue in Port Salerno at 5545. South East, Federal Highway. All of those Bank Atlantic stores. Banks are open. Now, as I speak, so go to the ATM and get a bunch of cash out. Good luck. No, we're gonna spend it. I had no idea, but at least it's always comforting to have a big, wide, near Pocky. Yeah. Trots carrying precious ice and water to date in Broward distribution. Center showed up hours later, not at all yesterday, keeping thousands of Hurricane River residents waiting and waiting and pissed off and fired up and rightfully so you have a right to be peered. Because once again, with all the taxes that they extract from your wallet, man, expecting service from FEMA and from all the other government agencies in your FANF Governor who's your toxic with game, forget about it. Supplies never even got to Broward's plantation heritage park. As of last night, two other Broward locations still lack ice and water. Broward County officials said all distribution centers will be stocked and open as of nine o'clock this morning, so they should be now. Broward County officials. Said reports that trucks were on the way to several locations yesterday. Mornings sparked miles long lines. This is total chaos. Addude of more 65 was did for more than six hours in a parking lot at Miramar City Hall. This is New Orleans, Florida. And I'm going to say I think the looters out there, the people that are looting. Yeah. Yeah. Especially that. This is not New Orleans because unlike New Orleans, the city is not underwater. We didn't have much flooding from this one because it's a zip-through real fast. Right. There are plenty of play. Well, not plenty, but there are places where you can find hotels, restaurants open. And now we're giving you plenty of bank locations to go to and get your cash out. So no excuse for people looting. They will be shot on site. That's not any official announcement. This is my opinion. Should be shot on site. Oh, they got that new lawn now. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. You'll real threatened. State emergency vehicles loaded with water and dust and for South Florida, idle during the day at the Palm Beach County Fairgrounds. And Robert Lincoln to the Florida Vision of Emergency Management. The driver's needed to gas up at State officials couldn't reach some of the instructions by cell phone. He said that the lay was the longest Florida hurricane victims of head-of-weight for supplies. I apologize for the layling and said, that's the nature of disasters. And we're not talking about their hurricane. We're talking about FEMA when you're talking about disasters. They are a disaster happening right before your eyes. Broward Mayor, Kristen Jacob, say the S today, that FHP troopers were escorted in the truck south. The state made promises they couldn't keep. She said, I'm very frustrated and highly unhappy. She's pissed off and fired up and rightfully so you go, Kristen. The state is responsible for shipping ice and water from Palm Beach County to homestead. The FEMA is supposed to provide additional supplies where they're needed. They can't even care how Carlos Alvariz ignores their work. Kingston, we worked out for a statement. Tuesday was the first day of a complicated process. It's the Kinesi law. Historical challenges. He said, sounds like a cop out to me, Carlos. And by the way, I'm under which one of the King C is, maybe he's a lola. Those challenges include they'd be in the road which slowed trucks considerably, but Alvariz promised things would go smoother today if the county's distribution decides more trucks are on away from Jacksonville with supplies he added. School supplies. At Markham Park in sunrise, Carlos were back home for more than two miles and two different directions and about 100 others arrived on foot or by bike. Some shook their empty colours at TV helicopters hovering overhead. National gar troops carrying M16's guard of the gates, they had rifles, but no water information about when it would arrive. They should have been here first in the morning said, John, lead in 48 of plantation. You go, John, at least a thousand cars were lined up outside Miramar City Hall. Regenance were furious at police for dismantling a first come first serve system that they devised to keep order. Officers told a group that had been waiting in a parking lot for hours to get to the back of the line. Once the police changed the plan that was total chaos and Susie Feliciano, nobody told us anything we just said, like his tough. How do you like that? Like his tough, my ass. Yeah, that's what I heard. There was also confusion in some other sites where the residents were required to arrive by car. But what if you didn't have gas for your car? Huh? Well, that happened to me this morning. I walked up with my gas canisters. No walk-ups. And what about the ATMs of these banks that are open? And they're going to say, oh, sir, I know walk-ups at the ATM. And they're thinking, no walk-up based on what? My money is green. I got the cans right here. Yeah. And my gas is my car is full. I don't need that. I'd stick your foot out and say, walk up to this. I will remember these people. Good. The one I mentioned has no doubt. Remember rule of test? Yes. At Tami Amy Park in Dayton, Plantation Heritage Park, walkers were told they couldn't get ice in water. See? Walkers. Yeah. And they don't sense the people were trying to conserve gas or couldn't use their cars. No, I'm not fair. I have tree block in my car. I said, murder, sir, rantees of sweet water. Even when there was no word on when, if ever, the trucks were to ride people, continued waiting and waiting and waiting. I got nothing to lose. I had petty carlums. I didn't have a voice. I've got no power home. I'm as well, sir. Well, I'll be safe. Water and MREs. No ice finally arrived at holiday park in Fort Lauderdale. Last night provided by FEMA and distributed by volunteers. It was frustrating. We saw people in line and need me knew what they needed, but we couldn't get it to them. It's a volunteer, a thorny Jared. Presently Victoria Park, just move along. Sympathization. Thorny rhymes with horny. Simply a supply truck driver said to us that they weren't sure what a more distribution of the riskado for holiday park today. See, this is the problem giving information out. It was trying to give useful stuff out to you. But. But. And I think I'll print out this list of wind-dixie and publics and home depots again. They're open. All right. I probably smith can't do for me yesterday. But I'll do that again. So, flag truck driver said yesterday weren't sure whether more distributions were scheduled for holiday park today. Like I just got through saying, city mommy spokeswoman Kelly Patton said, the city coordinated orange bull side headed share of logistical hiccups. Such as the first hour providing water, but no ice, but head overall perform pretty well. Patton said relief truck spring items to the orange bull were dealing with the same day. Brewerton rose facing the public. Spotted telephone service made coordinating challenging patents. See, this is a good reason to have your, your blackberries. All right. I guess it's a lot of cell phones over. Blackberries would need it because you can't find a thing. Right. A signal. A working signal, right. But they always better to have one. Everybody go out there and get a blackberry. Please. Pick them right off. Three and George's backyard. 27 past ten and five sixty WQA in American residential lending wants to make you life a little bit easier. The way things are going right now. That's a good idea. With over 20 years experience, ARL offers custom loan programs that fit your situation. Whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel a kitchen, you're looking to put a pool in the backyard and just looking to wipe out mountains of credit card debt. American residential lending can get it done for you. Call Nelson your core at American residential lending. They've got more than two decades experience in a mortgage business and access to more than a hundred wholesale lenders. ARL can cut your court mortgage team up to 500 bucks. Handle your refinancing, generate some quick cash or even do a home equity loan. And they do it with personalized service and a program that's made specifically and especially for you. With that song. Plus when they close along with you, they'll give you a free seven day care. Be increased. I'll be a celebrate. You can't beat that to you. Anywhere. So call American residential lending today or whenever you get your phone service back at 866. Move ARL and come to the old deal for the call. That's one. 8668. 3275. This is Neil Rogers. This is 51628. Smith again. Doosh when you're done. Following is a test of the FEMA alert system. This is only a test. What happened? Where? This was only a test. If it had been an actual emergency, you would have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days. You're good. At best. 27 11 o'clock. Now, I'm asking this. What's the situation with the gas? Do we have any additional gas stations? Do we have? Do we have some that have been deleted? Because they ran out of gas? What's the other? I didn't get the last. The only the only updated list I have is I have a BP. West of Palmetto and 58. I got a BP and a sunco on Sterling and Palm. I got a BP on 120th and Coral Way. I got a BP on 120th and a CITCO on 37th Ave on the Palmetto. I see only gas that I have. I do have stuff to report if you want. Yes. Okay. I got a. If you're going to the Daven Busters to pick up supplies. I guess they're giving out water and ice. You have to get off a Sheridan. I don't know. Well, let's get coming from Sterling. So if we're going to run Sterling. If you're headed there, make sure you get off a Sheridan. Something funny. At Pembroke Park, a guy called in and said to have a sign up that says, You loot. We shoot. Excellent. So that's always good. A guy called and said on the news are saying, Tree top park was supposed to open at 9 a.m. to give out water and ice. And they have not opened the gates yet. That's on Nav Hill and Davy. So if anybody was planning on going there, I guess don't. And also a guy from UPS called and said he is delivering. And just everybody get in because they're going to businesses and nobody's there. But UPS has started to deliver. Excellent. UPS in the email in that order man. They're the best. I love UPS. So what are we going to do about the gas station this way if we missed it? I'm a little bit lyria while we need the the chicken scratches we had out of it. Or you don't have that no mode knows where that went. But we love it for the other following people. I see. And maybe we leave it for the following people today. We don't know who the following people are going to be. It's only 10.35. Why should we worry about who's going to be doing the most show today from two to full because it ain't going to be guilty. By the way, the panther game Saturday at the McAureen has been. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The panther game Saturday at the McAureen. The manther and Dave County and Brawer build just in the zander very few people that are from the swingingлемori problem. So Christian ground there around the game to preach tobacco and yelling like As a human being, I must be disappointed, but I got a ground down, Was it at home where I'd find it? There was no room to get them safe. They don't welcome the enemy way, I did everything. I possibly can. The show must have called all the club's plan. Oh, what a job I had as a vector of freedom for, When I was born, The world was in a peaceful, steeper and a glueless summer of fear. That's the glueless, down, those are no bridge. Gets his kids. Brown, those are no bridge. New Orleans is wiped out in gold, When the will you said I did one heck of a job, And it's your pays off to be a crowning in another wide-paced league. Christian fountains, an national guard is down then down, With orders just to get the press out on town, To everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is paid paid, And all their hurricane gave us a big dc, For the yoke on social, And to the enemy, Like a giant red public, it's way changed. We use Jesus' words, our Lord and team. We use Jesus' words, our Lord and team. Addle bullying, compassion, what we in that, It turns the right to add this blacks, And you can send us, you say, It's a national disgrace that you'd never black. In the first place, this is no time to play the main game, Since we know that very things are called by Gainy's who are not the like a homo. Like Scotty with their linen, Carles, gold, over a achieving real marriage, Right wing dream, To make everybody, Right life means, And there's an arrangement of a thing, To get to his job, From those who wish for how I've been standing by the old lady, And horses, And rather do that, And watch floating horses on the negligent burden of her now. Here's how he goes and down, To keep my nose brown, On the negligent burden of her now. You're fairer, keep going down, To keep my nose brown. Okay, 1047, We got the mole-myster back at two to seven, Little semblance and normalcy in our line up again, Mad Dog at four, And then the stuff went and nobody cares about. Okay, let's see, We got some locations where the roads are blocked. Five major, grow in her sections blocked by power lines. So, Mordorist, you know, Gabbard yourselves accordingly, Take alternate roots of woides like to play. The following intersections are blocked according to Lee Billingsley County Spotman, Commercial Boulevard at Prospect Road. Northwest 31st Avenue in Prospect Road. Hillsborough Boulevard from Rocks Road, Just State Road 7. Locks Road? Okay. Is that correct? Is that Locks a Hatchy? Is there really a place called Locks Road? Yeah. Oh, you're got to be kidding me. Nope. Is there near the Delhi then? It's said Northwest 21st Avenue from Open Park Boulevard, To Northwest 19 Street is blocked. And Andrew's Avenue from 13 Street to Open Park Boulevard, Forget about it. So take alternate roots, okay? I'll put a pile of stuff that needs to be repeated. Over and over and over and over again. Don't forget our number 560-560 in Pond 560 in a variety of things in a variety of things in a variety of slides. You'll talk to Josh. You'll give us some information and we'll pass it along. Hopefully. Right? Right. Now we're going to info about the restaurant there. What is it? Jack around a pizza? Good info. Going near and get like a sub. A whole handful of 10, 20 pizzas. Bring them by the station for George and Josh. Nobody brought pizza. Yes. They don't boys. Or gas. Nobody brought any gas. They're going to be nice and silly. Bring a nice five gallon can of gas to your payer. But at least a hundred bucks for it. That's one, twenty bucks. They'll give you that. They'll be going right in the little. Something a little. Something something. So we can give that generator. Are you out of gas in the generator running the end? Yeah. No. We're out of this morning. We had some. We had, you know, what we thought was a good lease supply. And there were. Yeah. So George is in desperate need of gas for his agenda. Right. Not for his vehicle. He's doing okay there. And the bad news is on like the old days when you could sit and gas out. Now we have sat and prove vehicles. What did that happen? And why didn't they tell me? Yeah. Before I cut up my garden hose. Don't cut up your hose. Hey, I stuck everything tubular into that tank and still nothing. Cube. 95% of Broward still alive power. Here's the latest update as a non-acluck this morning. I was going to give these stands from six a.m. But they're now. They're really on top of it. And at this rate, let's see, by the year 2525, everybody should be okay. F.B. Now reports had as a non-acluck this morning. 839,000 200 customers are still alive power. Broward is 95%. So far in Broward, 20,300 customers have had their power restored. So let me take a look. I have a list here. Now the 6 a.m. number. So let's see between 6 and 9, that means that they increased about 11,000 and 3 hours. So if that rate, let's see. That's bad. Don't do that. Go to me. And date County is a 6 this morning. There were 105,600 restored wayway more than in Broward out of 850,000. About the same number in Broward and date equally lost power. A little over 850,000. But 105,600 in date had been restored as of 6. So that's probably over 110,000 hours. Broward's dollar with 23,000. There's a reason for that. You do know the reason. No, what? Well in Broward, they had all those f.B. Now substations just blown to bits. Yes. That's all. And Palm Beach County, 631,000 people lost power. They got 32,000 for under restored as of 6 a.m. Not very good. But better than. Well, yeah. That's in Palm Beach. Yeah, here's the restore on the substations. Hurricane Wilma did massive damage to Florida power lights select. Trace electricity supplies system knocking. I've told it in 40 substations. Trash in the major transmission lines at the liberal electric to customers. That makes Wilma a far more destructive hurricane than Katrina. This time because the damage to substations and transmission lines. The electric tank, the electric tank, the electric tank, the electric tank, the electric tank. It could be 3 weeks to get 95% back to power. And 4 weeks for everybody to get restored. 4 weeks. Following that. Yeah. Take up to 3 weeks to get 95% back. 2 weeks to get more than half back. So it all depends on where you are. For reasons that are still unclear, Wilma knocked out 240 substations. Each of which served 10,000 to 30,000. But third of May. As far as the high power transmission lines and polls. We've experienced very severe damage to our infrastructure. So FPL by President Gisha Williams, the Gatshi girl from FPNL. The worst destruction occurred in Broward in southern Palm Beach counties. At one point all the substations in Broward knocked out essentially darkening. The whole county was in the dark. Of course we've been pulled out before. Yeah. This was a far worse infrastructure hit than FPNL. Experts last year during Charlie Francis and Genie. The last year during Katrina. One reason was the broad swath of the hurricane with strong wind spread up across 180 miles an hour. Another, across 180 miles. Another reason was that Wilma reached category 2 or 3 in some parts of the utilities territory. A lot stronger than Katrina's one. Williams reported that survey. As quickly reported they've seen polls snapped in half. Flying debris appeared to be the reason for many of the knocked out substations. But all of her said that didn't explain all the damage to the substations. Which are combinations of lines and equipment. Much of which is exposed to the elements. Frankly it's not a hundred percent clear to us why those facilities took a lot of damage. So he said it's going to take weeks and months to figure out why. Well we don't care why we just wanted back that saw. And that's not that we want to be surly about it. I don't want to know why is it. We have plenty of time to figure that out lately. And point a lot of fingers and scream about Brownie Brown and you're doing a heck of a job. Just get it back on. Please. Thank you. Now that would be good. Now would be maybe a half an hour ago. It'd be even better. Williams said 40 substations have already been brought back to power. But each substation must undergo an arduous restart process. And which every element in circuit is championed for the units brought back online. Then every feed or leaving from the substation must be checked. And after that work is must be examined the transformer that reduces voltage once again and distributes power to homes. Olivera said the utility is being cautious and promises for restoration. These estimates are based on a really incomplete assessment he said because less than 24 hours at past and is well declared the area. Helicopter crews were still examining maybe transmission lines yesterday afternoon. Howdy by county estimates could be available today neighborhood forecast might come later in a week. FP and I should mention by the way that high-growing Ontario that there are a whole bunch of workers that high-growing Ontario sent which FP and I was paying for it. Of course. But from my right here in Ontario sending out a Palm Beach County help them restore power. Are you like that? All right. Well thank you. Ask a good word from us folks here in Ontario. Good Canadian boys. You go do a good job and the goal is to go leave school. FP and I'll say that it had about 6,000 workers in the field was bringing another 3,000 before Sunday from states around the country. They didn't mention of course Ontario because they're anti-canadian. Officials said they expected all hospitals that power back by the end of Tuesday as well as port-everage ways the crucial entrance for March of the regions gas for cars. Let me just read that again. Officials said they expected to have all hospitals powered back by the end of the day yesterday as well as port-everage ways the crucial entry point for March of the regions gas for your cars. And my main international level gets to the air for we know my main international is running. I made a clock last night about 412,700. They 3.2 million customers statewide who had lost power had been restored if you know said in a broad we know. Not good. Let's see. And they they say 86,000 restored. I got so many sheets of paper here. I can't this is worse than when the ratings come out. This is worse than elections. Now I'm dating out of so 105,000. Restore there. They're doing a pretty dang good job in day. I guess they didn't have the substation damage in day that they didn't brown or higher record. Not nothing in expert in that. And in these areas they're just talking off my ass but nevertheless what else we're going to do right? We've got a lot of that to do for next few days. Thought, thought, thought like that. I'm not going to give you the pull result because you know who or what you fear most. That's the same pull from yesterday you'll notice and you won't notice because you don't have any power. So I'll read that once we're going to show an end. I'll just stay there for a while. Not that we're trying to be lazy or you know, it's just no point to it. Right. I mean yesterday and I'll give an example yesterday and our website and Josh is still continuing to put those stories on there. I have no idea why I guess because I'm sending him too many fields. Well, sometimes I didn't do anyway. It feels like he's getting that big raise coming so I might as well work his ass off right now. Any good calls for the info yet? Yeah, we got great info. Good. Thanks for asking. Okay, here we go. We got two gas stations and coral springs that opened. These are only walk up just like pretty much every other gas station. One on wild. Right. One on wilds between 440. Start nitpicking with a brand name Zano Camps area. Wilds between where 441 and Riverside. Okay. There's also one. There's a son of a co on sample. Anoko Sonoko like I said. And on sample and Riverside. Okay. So there's also two dominoes that opened up. One of them is 400 East Oakland Park and Fort Lutterdale. You. Hey, let's not go get into brand names. Oh, I'm sorry. Right. There's another piece of place open. 3416 North Ocean Boulevard. North of Oakland Park. It says. Excellent. So our site pizza for lunch and Virginia and for snacks in between is what it looks like. There you go. Excellent. I think we're doing a hell of a job if you ask me considering the fact that I'm 12 Hurl miles away and that you guys are sitting in sweltering conditions. Yeah. I'll be can't look out the window. Now there's not studio does have a window, right? The water where Josh is. I'm still in the old studio of a Josh in the control room. He can look out the window. How big are you? Well, he we just didn't like way. Why is that? Well, because he has place spots at computer and there is messed up. Nobody. Why do you want to be in the old studio? I thought it was real hot in there. It's hot everywhere. First of all, in second of all, I like it in here better than in there. I don't blame you. You might catch some kudis in there or something. You might come. You might wake up in the morning and all of a sudden start looking at the morning line. I don't know the ball games. Don't forget to pan to game Saturday at the Mac Arena. Forget about it. Not going to happen. It's been postponed. Now they could have played the one last Saturday. But I guess they were afraid nobody would have shown up. Especially for Ottawa. The water was hot. But nevertheless, and they got Marty Hamblatt. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your dream. Any questions? This is one of the weakest, most faceless indictments in America. It's a charge that cannot hold up even under the most glance. It's true. What a down in that DC sound. The first thing is said when Thomas not allowed. For the Lincoln pay button, and for that we burn it up. But still, they can edit that we call your blue. For all John's in there. And work that guy, John's in there. Who said the corporate donations to the candidates and debate today were not for Tom away. John is a little watching some jam and a stroke. But for the hospitality in the face, we're cheering at Tom the laborers today. And getting mad at them with the sound in the face. For all John's in there was bad. Guy Tom to lay, who just used that in our government and the criminal face so now what's going to take Tom to lay. I have done nothing wrong. I have done nothing wrong. Or I might add my precedent. Hey Tom. That's for you. It's 1103 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy Wednesday, do you? I'm not sure. Even though I'm not there, I'm caught up with the confusion of the whole situation like we don't have one day from the other. No, not hysterical. I wouldn't say I'm hysterical. Not like K and a godfather. She's hysterical. Was that Connie that was hysterical? I think it was Connie. It was you that whatever was him. For Carl or we'll see him no more. He had a cometh. Yeah. No flights at fancy airports are limping back toward normal. See flight officials in forlardale. Miami say progress is being made. But suggests passenger check with the earlier line. Airports in forlardale. Miami began to stir back to life yesterday after damage from hurricane. Wins forced to shut down a flights Monday officials. However, and forlardale. Now this was as of this morning before the show. I don't see anything new yet. You see anything new on your crawls on your 4677 and 23 and 51 and 110. Officials at 4 Loderedale Hollywood International expected to decide soon when the airport reopened a commercial flights. The facility had one runway operating for private planes. Well, screw them. The closure marked the longest forbroadary airports in Turric King King in October of 1950. Well, you know, that was named after. Oh, the airport face two major setbacks. Power was yet to be fully restored to the terminal building. And the airport's water pressure was too low. So Jim George Tom George yellow airport director. Both of these facilities must be fully operationally. And it was uncertain when commercial flights had been operating. We nice to know sometime between now and a week from the Simha store. Is that today? Simha store? That's what they said yesterday. I can't say about that. Meanwhile, my name is National is open. We open around noon yesterday. But as of late afternoon, only one arrival, a flight by President and carrier TAM was confirmed. But I was yesterday. Let's see. The ticket counter main empty as they milled around the airport. I think we'll never get home. I don't want to go to this story. And Miami was open trapped there for unusually light yesterday. I've known the 2PM ticketing agents from most airlines had arrived at. See, this is tough to do this in the past tense because these stories are. And this is from the hero loss. Like I said, they were doing a pretty good job. Till we got to this American Airlines said it was scheduled to launch five flights from South America to tonight with the rivals beginning to soon as five o'clock this morning. Our first domestic fee arrival order departure will be around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, we're going to go. The airline spoke to him in a village said, our one of she's can do a Roger Valets. And Jose Valets. Okay, we don't care about huh? Who? Some people. Johnny Green Giant is dead before we get to any more of this stuff. Eleanor Dressler, he's saying, Ho, ho, ho, in the TBA. Oh, boo, boo. By the way, it is simple. Ha, story today. Told you. What'd you think? I looked it up on Jewish calendar on. Yeah, I'm on good for you. Oh, that's right. You got the internet student. It's good. We don't have the phones though because well, we got the phones for off the or not for on the year. Correct. And that's probably just as well. Elmer Lind, Restler, Jr. He's stole vegetables to generations of TV. TV. TV watchers as the booming voice of Jolly Green Giant is dining with 80. Dressler died. See, this is not good. You know, we died of log cancer cancer. Uh, kind, but cancer. See, now all those vegetables have to post and give you like all those antioxidants and human body. Of course, maybe he was smoking, you know, Winston tastes good like a 20 or 30 past that he should. I don't know. Dressler died October 16 who cancer, according to daughter Terry Bennett. Dressler was an entertainer when singer for nearly six decades, but his voice rang through millions of households when he sang the simple refrain. Holy Hall of Hall in a jingle for green giant food. That's all he said was, oh, oh, oh. Maybe that's why he ate too many of those. He croaked or just hosed. Dressler can't just native move to Chicago with his wife in early 50s to study voice after turning with a production of South Pacific by the 60s. The name of that when it carved out a career singing and clubs TV advertising in jingles. He recorded 15 albums with a singer's unlimited jazz group and appeared on the CBS television show in town tonight from 55 to 60. Agingles with the most consistent part of his career in Atlanta rules for Rice Crispy cereal, Marlboro cigarettes. See what I'm saying? The hallbrom man probably did him in. Amical oil and dinty more can be stew. Oh, fat. Hey, I'm having some dinty more for lunch. No, microwaveable. It's that the, oh boy. I hope the toilets are working in that place. Clear the hallway clear the decks about 1215. But here, we recorded the whole whole for Jaliguin Jack commercial. Most recently about 10 years ago. He we hold it. Okay. Well, this is all, a lot of this is redundant. Oh, yeah, what's the best we can do is pass along whatever we got. And then you've been for yourselves. That's bad. That's true. That's that we're in sensitive mindy. But what are we going to do? We're going to come right up. Right to your own and bring you water and gas. Why not? Speaking of water? Yes. The day you beach city hall that was giving out water and ice. They're out of water. But they have ice. Okay. Well, if you need ice and of course the amazing part of it is that ice eventually, if you want to sit around long enough, turns to water. How do you like that? Just sit on it a little bit. Yeah, just like hanging around for a while. It'll turn to water and then you can like, go up and up. I probably should do the thing about the, well, I'll wait. The city by city situation is first boiled water order and things like that. Okay. Because we're not getting any updates on that on these online things. And that would be mighty helpful. Okay. Anyway, the sun sent us says no power, no gas, no water for many, no help. Software ratings began to comprehend the effects of hurricane Wilma on Tuesdays. It became increasingly clear that residents will spend the next few days waiting in lines for basically supplies, scouring the area for gas like poor George did this morning. All over the place. I would know we're no luck, by the way. Covening warm showers and working toilets. Turing away debris and overall kicking themselves from underresting in the damage of category two storm cover and seats is two there. One of three. One of three? It was. That's why Lawrence Walker was out there in the yard up. It was a one or two and a three. It was a three. Although state officials had bright about her and here's the best part. You fat ass governor, you've thrown you below me. You and your buddies there was FEMA and your, your crooked buddy or brother. El Presidente. Hey, Browne, you're doing a heck of a job baby. You two fat ass, Jed. Although state officials had bright about their readiness for Wilma trucks with water when I didn't start arriving in Browtcholay yesterday. Didn't even start showing up. Palm Beach in Vade County also reported problems as a result. Tensions ran high and some fights broke out as residents complain that help was not coming quickly enough. I'm gagging. I'm just thinking about it. Everybody wants everything yesterday said, Paul ready or we do whatever his name is of open park who began trolling for water and ice early Tuesday, but found a local groceries to already have been picked clean. Pick clean. You know, shouldn't they have a limit? Oh, they were just showing some guy pull up one of the gas stations that was working with a pickup truck. Overflowing with gas canisters and just fill it in a muffins you mentioned then. Yeah, shouldn't they have a limit when people are on in desperate straight. Right. And now what people who are and hog everything for themselves, you selfish bastard you. Look at what they're like grab up every single of bag of ice and every bottle of bottle of water. You know, something I hope the people do that. You know, a lot of that really bottle water in the thick plastic jugs. The chemicals reach into the water. I hope that water kills you. I think like that. If you take too much of it, you don't take too much. And we hope you survive it. Let's see, water was restored many cities by late Tuesday, but water pressure remained low. And most residents were still crossing the blow water before drinking. Tompill will be present. Jorge Santos agreed as he surveyed his smashed in house and car. The car remains suspended in the air by the roots of an upward in 100 year old. Ficus tree. Car was suspended in the air suspended in the car. Car crack. He went to record. Car. Car crack. Or is a lot of that going around. Or a Jorge across the region. People went into scavenger mode. They were going to be standing on those few sources of water food and gas. They could find most ignored plays from government officials to stay off the roads. Still full of the green without working traffic lights. As a result, traffic ended to clogged condition. Stay off the roads. You will limit takes you many acts unless you go to get like some crucial necessary supplies and stuff. You know, we had a pump and a park spot that I scratched up because I'm sure they're not open. But it would be nice to find out from them to get a fax. And we didn't have any power over there. Price driver, of course, is he's let us down. He was here. He has no control. No one has seen him today. I am pretty sure that they're giving out food and water. Pop it on park. I saw that on some of which I used and I couldn't find that again. So you can't find your guts out. I'm sure. But they are giving out the ice and a food. Also, are you sure? I actually just want to go with water and ice. I'm not sure. Well, I'm sure they got a lot of them. We need to round. But if they have no power, they can cook them. They know so the raw ones. If they have any auxiliary power anything, it would be nice to get from Steve Wolf or Dick find where somebody with a fax to me to let me know what's going on. Yeah, right. Right. Our fax machine is working in my foot. They have my number. Direct. They don't have to. They don't have to tip through you. Okay. Right. In Carl Springs, hundreds of residents made this with to buy generators. Line up outside of Home Depot at 5am this morning. Temper is cleared when a steady steam of city police officers and firefighters begin driving the right of the rear of the store to load police cars and personal vehicles and the crowd. A police officer, if we kept mulled thing off, they would arrest us. We said, so put them a climate 59 he reached for his handcuffs. Sheriff Ken Jenny, the possum. That fash is that looted. They were said he expressed the wise for the national guard that I stood through days because the workload on deputies were putting them on orders from me and help he said. Ken Jenny, got help you if you have to depend on Ken Jenny. Perfusion made an effect from 7am to 7pm and Broward 8am to 8am to 8am to 6am in Dave. Precious also mob the publics and sunrise that open 8am to morning, 250 cases of water in one hour. It's been pay us since storm manager Luis Gonzalez. Scott Cabas City drove all day from Fort Lardadell to Boinden Beach in search of gas. All the story here doesn't say what was more to it I guess. Whether we found it or not, wouldn't be nice to know Scott got his gas. Yeah, come on Scott. When you go to the insurance, you're like green by a little, bring a couple of symbols of gas by a report you're in. This is a new Roger. A stench of palmador covers over this performance by the Dalton. You're fair, Ed. You're fair, Ed. You're so nice. It's hungry. It's for every girl in this world. It ever has when you get me sure I like. I'll be changed. So this break-up I feel is the best thing for me. No fibres I've got. I feel the best and patience. When they should do it, we'll just get a good attitude. I feel the best. I feel the best of my life. I feel the best of my life. I feel the best of my life. I feel the best of my life. I feel the best of my life. I feel the best of my life. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118. It's 1118. I said the song is a fact in the house. It's 1118 at 5. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 1118. It's 718. It's 1118. It's 1118. I do 10 service It's up in a still unit of five sixty wqm anyway I'm back and I would have been back even sooner except there was some broad down there in the Consiers. Oh you can you supply the shower head and is in expensive about that I'd be there and if I wouldn't have interjected I would still be standing And I said excuse me, but I'm gonna major her Package it and then to find out I got a new AC and this down there too I like that. Yeah, so we can like preview that on the year and then see if it's you know Clean a lot of that go to row with the bras in your way this morning. Also wait a minute Now I don't think we can do that though can we do what oh? That's right Better not do that. Oh, I just think I thought about that We got no technical situation going on that we don't want to really discuss To open leave the AC has always clean what could be other parts This is not ACM oh H C And they tend to get a little potty moth lately because they just yeah, just kind of devilish Okay, here's some important stuff. They ought to get so many here that crap anyway They want to hear a new his information in formation just like in the prisoner We want information in Here's some rower counties been improved for FEMA assistance for both small businesses and individuals Number to call is 1 800 621 3362 people must say ball receipts because FEMA assistance is only for reimbursement was announced at the Broward emergency operation set of this morning 1 800 621 3362 as have to say number I give out only moments to go probably Salts for life Let me look does that spell up people 1 a and it's that's it 1 800 621 FEMA 1 800 621 3362 FNL said the hopes to have power restored away majority of Broward buy oh no So just what's today today of the 26 final member 8th and Everyone in the county back on I would like to see by November 15 I see 647 thousand people had power restored and South Florida so far, but most of not in the Broward can that number be right? I think they're I'm next to zero on here. I know I guess that's right Lynn Shattis of FNL said 10,913 people are working on restoration efforts from midstate Lucy county South Indy the Broward emergency operations center said they have 16 sites that up for water and ice and Said 127 trucks are being escorted through Palm Beach County by BS O deputies in addition Electricity has been restored to the public's warehouse in Del and dear field beach and so the supermarkets will likely have Isomailable later today they'll make be making the ice as fast as they can neck with news Kelly good electricity's been restored to the public's warehouse in dear field beach and the supermarkets stores We'll likely have ice available later today and they'll be they're making it as fast as they can in the ice too The port everybody's channel maybe we open later today There is plenty of fuel locally, but few gas stations have the power sources to provide it to drivers well, we're working on that So came let's put that in my let's say hang out of that pile FEMA 1 800 621 FEMA 1 800 621 3362 now Well, what am I gonna get to my all the service stuff? Yeah, I feel I don't know And I'm only I'm not sending any more unless there's something major Josh Whatever you've got now for me. That's it for the day because Well, what's the point of me putting a big burden? You know and have you do a lot of work and nobody's gonna read it? Oh, I didn't hear you out of the phone. What was that? Don't look so bugged there Josh you heard it. I said I'm gonna send you 50 stories for tomorrow smart ass Okay, now we got any more info because I want to make sure we get this on right away if we get anything good We're getting a lot of good stuff about gas stations and about a few restaurants jack around a pizza's open plantation Anything else just as a gas station list of Josh gaming you know It's saying that we'd have more date county locations for food because data's got quite a few people right online and even Yeah, this morning Evan Chura South Also what what's the story? Why is anybody calling yeah? Why are we getting the info? And they not putting it up on your crawler on your TV? Oh, they're putting a whole bunch of crap on the crawlin nothing like that It's not like ice water ice water. That's all they care about it Well, maybe maybe something like a two on a little some more than just ice and water, okay? I realize what you don't have your teeth in your mouth. It's kind of hard to chew on solid food, but maybe some apple sauce I could read off some of this stupid stuff going on the crawler like if you see a down power line Don't touch it call it please, please like that NBC the more you know Yeah, the more you know the stupid thing that even a two-year-old child knows Oh, like they're educating the world. They're much of horrors like everybody else. It's GE when a damn oil business You're in the business with all those contractors over in Iraq. You're a bunch of crooks too, okay So don't give us a song to dance. Are you lunatics at GE that on NBC and CNBC and MSNBC etc The federal government has approved disaster rate for individual homeowners and renters Federal officials agreed last night and this was before the thing that I just did about for the small businesses But anyway Federal officials agreed to do not to give direct strumatists South Florida homeowners and renters who suffered damage from Wilma the decision means that homeowners and renters and Dave Roud and Palm Beach counties will be eligible for cash grants from FEMA worth as much as $26,000 To cover uninsured expenses including home repairs temporary lodging and funerals Funerals Nationally FEMA's average disaster grandest $2,500 to those who qualify Private aid also makes residents eligible for low interest loans with up to 200 grand Repair replace primary residences and 1.5 million for small businesses Cash for private strum victims was initially limited to residents of Lee Cog or Monroe counties the counties first struck by the storm But several members of Congress who were really pissed off and rightfully so pressured FEMA to add other South Florida counties including Dave and Broward annoyed that the federal government refused to provide aid for local residents after Katrina struck an August governor Jeff Bush your fat ass cousin also made a push a easy poofing of all right It's beyond comprehension for me FEMA's coach writing at a time when we need to have a sense of urgency US representative Kindred Meek of Miami said Tuesday at noon as he looked down in Alapada, Opa Laka Liberty City Other by many neighborhoods from a national guard blackhawk many the older homes had missing roofs on a one block stretch of Liberty City Where a new home stood among a smuggish board of old construction all the older houses had somebody a roof damage the new home had none Escorted by local officials female officials began local damage inspections in Broward and Bayed scour neighborhoods for damage US representative Dedi Wasserman shows the Western toward the Share on village in sunshine village mobile hun parks and baby with one team the new the strong will hit this part of the state to me It seems like a real low brainer. She said of individual assistance in other words FEMA sucks FEMA workers assessed home damage on a scale of minor major or destroyed many of the baby mobile homes Which had trees through the roofs or their sidewalk split open world destroyed by famous survey or Jim Yost Well, I'm sure is related to former great third basement eddios to the Washington senators We want to get to help them as quickly as possible. Yo said we have to follow photo call before the money starts to come in But we're working to get it here quick one mobile homes split in half by tree head Whereas FEMA's spray painted on its side a lot of people are frustrated by the destruction Just wanting here that help us on a way Yo said after speaking with that homes owner FEMA director are David Paulson all boy Said his agency will have seven disaster recovery centers You know as interesting because FEMA is a disaster when you think about it They'll have seven disaster recovery center set up and Florida this week they already have 160 medics in the state feeding patients Paulson who was trying to drive himself order some time today acknowledged in recent days that delivering ice water and meals was the biggest challenge That was a problem yesterday several ice-a-law distribution centers and they'd browned ran out of supplies were open late and some in Palm Beach kind in by the Opening at all Okay, well, what's the point? Don't say what he said You're not gonna yeah, you can ask your teeth and get angry like your armpit. It's not gonna make them any more any better or anymore F faster. Okay, I got some more Please in cutler Ridge From you read the drive to 200 street. I guess they have power back a guy called us at all the gas stations over there open Oh my god, and there's a burger king open. Oh Everybody go down that way. They get all the way up. You get a cheese wrapper with a bacon cheese wrapper man It was some of the mulling on rings would be great. That is only if your servants are working well, that's good Now said again the color range in color rich. Yes, you you reka drive Basically to 200 street. He said that there's a bunch of gas stations They've got power back over there and He said that there was a burger king open gas and burger king which of course there could be a connection there not necessarily that end oil right there you go So that sounds very you go over to get a 20 or 30 of those breakfast cross sandwiches to a big good Without the egg because we get the egg, you know what's gonna be happening all day long. That's not good We're looking for gas the not necessarily that kind of this face meal I'm proud you need a Late name and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla house with soap late from humans and listening to the meal Okay, I'm gonna eat the hour Do I want to say that you're my me for water. Yeah, but do it You know they died in the lazy and I race past the team Then they come from my vacation for a full longer to let you Swing your partner rounding around now do a little swimmer through the war. Let's down swim to the left To the right there we go Sign a little mug out. Don't see no Oh People Some of the most A ratt! In the powerful state you know what color's- of literature. What will ya know how many self-ила mature servant Owritt heard hats eat dry soft or syrup off Merron custic hunger reels哥 Stephen Bebby Barry broken Has been bad and is crack like life with me, and I bet she feels crappy, got more of a synchathy who has been giving his to me. On the roads, there's no one we need all the stars. Well, she's misprint and proper, and no one can stop her from telling her lie. She's the most powerful, but she did, and was constantly dead. She's the most sacred, and a lot of stars. Okay, so I'll go to a Q&A. We got the molemeister back from his travails and travels into a clock. Then we got MADOGAD4. Perkin, out loud, is 7 from in the studio. No more Bernie Cossars, because obviously, he got no power. World Series game number 4 at 930, and 9 o'clock, and it can't for all of that. The highest of Houston, at least with win 1 game, but at the first time, he's never won a World Series game. Be nice for him to win 1, wouldn't it? Just 1. Yeah, but in the second half. Even with no power, public storage and dignity, Bts and Hollywood customers were roaming the aisles and stocking up on more food and water. The stores were running on backups generators. Had only non-perishable items available, plus some fruits and vegetables that don't require refrigeration, like apples, okay, they're right or refrigerate, but they don't have to be right. Sure, like veggies, salad, What vegetables don't require refrigeration? Carrots, boo. Big sellers were water, chips, bread, cookies, and cases of beer. How high? Jennifer Jeffords, Mazo of the Indian Beach trip to the chances stock above Tashi forgot, as well as the carbohydrates and sweet she had been eating before we'll arrive. All of these things were not supposed to be on my diet. All of these things. Said the Jeffords, Mazo, whose car was stocked with pasta, and the oreo cookies and loaves of bread, Atkins is out the window, what you can find, she said. Speaking of that, Merck Griffin's on a new diet, it's the Chris Atkins diet. Anyway, here's the distribution, this is going to take some time, I don't know. And I got this list from the Harold, cancellations and all boy. I'm just, well, I'll do it. Do it. It's pondery, so. But people want to know, you know, they want to know. Very assortment of the things that the distributing supplies around South Florida. Now this again, this is from yesterday, although it did make some alterations on here. Don't blame it, I'm not still coming to the P.M. Our lawn, if somebody's place is ran out. And we never did hear from a pump in a park, did we? No, no, no. Nice going, Troy. You're right on top of the baby. Vane of beach. Stane of beach city hall. Now wait a minute, didn't you tell me that they were out of something before was that not the inia? Yeah, that was a, yeah, they were out of water, but they still had nice to lime ice. And if you let the ice melt guess what? Voila water. They even see the hell, one out of a West any beach. Boulevard. Baby, T-Taps Park. Did we have something about T-Taps Park too? We did. That was a, I don't know, something. Well, it's hard to keep track there's so many zame. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They were supposed to open with water and I said nine a.m. but they never did. Yeah. That's, well, I'm not giving it then. How long they'll be? Charlie Wood dog track. He's a one-door federal highway. Charlie Wood. Oh, David busses Park and lot open the place of a police, please. Do not enter from a serving road only from Sheridan Street where they were lined up this morning from all the way to the Gulf Coast. Wild Maners at Haygan Park 2020 willn't dry. Cooper Zitty. Let's see some of these say hours to come and yeah, I just hate to get people going to places and then surprise. Cooper Zitty, Icewater and Food will be available at Bryan Pickleau Park. 95 or one Sheridan Street. Hours to come. Carl Springs, just call 95 or 4 4, 3, 4, 4, 10, 1, they'll be happy to tell you where to go. I'm sure. Daniel Beach, where were we going to end that? Hollywood. Residents can pick up water at Oakland, plant, Oakland, now let's see. See, they were peeing stuff on here. This is the Harold, the sunset and like I said, the Harold did much better. A lot of day of lakes have just had a number of water hill. I saw water at the City Hall Park at 19th and Northwest 50-50th Avenue. Miramar, Residents can call 9-5-4-602-4357 for City Service questions. We'll refer you from 7pm to 7am until further notice. North Lauderdale, sheltered park lakes elementary school, 3925 north state, where a 7-loader day of lakes, two truckloads of ice and water will be available. This is yesterday. See, they didn't redo this in the sun, central. They suck. Plantation. Call these citizens hotline at 9-5-4-5-5-2363. 5-8-5-2363. Sunrise is offering up the sun and throbside, but nobody's got power to this kind of stupid. What do you expect in sunrise? The camera at the G'day Hurricane Helpline, 9-5-4-7-2-4-24-2436. Western residents can call 9-5-4-3-8-5-2000. Well, manners call 9-5-4-8-3-1-4-1000. Oh, good God. In Boka. And the city is just ice and water distribution centers. And these were for yesterday. So who knows if they still have them? See, if they would like to give an update on these things in these sun-central, you lunatics. You maniac. You fairer. Here's the other thing, heard says. Dave County. Hey, I like I said yesterday. We're doing the best we can, but some of these places are either going to be out. And they're not doing a good job of updating this stuff either. Are they? Nope. Distribution centers for ice water are the supplies in Dave County. Home Depot, 157-50 Southwest 88 Street. The Metro Zoo. Harris Field, 1034 Northeast 8-Sweet, and the Homestead. A million-year-old park, 4-1-8-65-3-high-alia. The Orange Bull, Miami-Dade North, Miami-Dade Kendall, 80 Barnes Park at 34-1 Southwest 70-second Avenue, 10-Me-Mee Park, the Maldon 100-60-3rd Street, landmark property, 2600-north West 47-A. Oh, this is a list of 50,000 of these by the way. Hadley Park, 14-0 northwest 50th Street, Miami City Hall, 35-Hurpan American Drive. In Broward, oh, here you go. This is updated. Like I said, let's hear it for the hero. All right. About 10-Mee did something good. Oh, this is updated. The plantation heritage park, 1100 South Tiktre Lane, Plantation, and O'O'Well. Toppo Park, Honest Track. Say, I told you, Josh, told you, even though they're not communicating with us, Toppo no Park has got water, and I said, making things nice. And maybe that let you go through the stable area there and you can find some other interesting things. Tamark Wind, the Center, 86-A-Well, West 24-2rd Street, there was a guy sitting next to me the other morning at Woodbine. It was obviously one of the horsemen who were horsemen. And he obviously had been doing the two-step in it, or a three-step, or some, oh, and he just kept not winning, but you know what I mean just hanging on and hanging on, putting in another 20, and up, oh, please, all the tagging guy, obviously trainer or something. Please take that stuff away. Do you ever like it? I don't want to get into it. They're good at it. Markham Park, 16-O-O-1, West 1804, and sunrise. North Dominity Park, 56-A-1, cross-brain, driving cross-brain, quiet water's park, 4-1 South Paralyen, road deer field, beach. Hollywood Dog Track, we gave you. Hollywood, how old they park, 800 north federal highway, 4-Larddale. The Collins Community Center, named after Dennis, of course, 300-100 northeast, there are Davenu Open Park, or maybe Joe Collins. City Hall complex, 21-100 north west, 55-Dab Lauderdale, then, with Park, 4500 northeast, 20-second-aven light-hust point. Mirror-Mars City Hall, 23-100, civic center place in Mirror-Marth, the intersection of High-Edit and Red Roads. Rolling Oaks Park, 176-30 South West, 56-St. in South West, France, and it's at Roaches. Brian Pickle, all park 95-1, Sheridan Street, a three-tapped park, we don't want to plug that, because until we find out they got stuff. Fort Lauderdale City Hall, 100 north Andrews Avenue, the open plaza, 3000-knockland open Boulevard Hollywood. In Monroe County, Keywise High School, Sherville, of School of Marathon Airport, Crawl Shore, High School, and Mile Marker 90. And we know the daybroward and Palm Beach and Monroe County Schools closed all week. Arts dies, these have Miami Schools closed in daybroward and Monroe County's Penny for the Notice to Brain Washington Stuff for a few days. If college admission and placement exams postponed and access across South Florida, students to be notified of the makeup date, FIU closed all week. University Miami closed until Monday's if it makes a difference. Homecoming events cancel football game proceeds, proceeds. But didn't they change the time on the till noon? The hurricane game? Well, for this go. I'm out of here. I heard it. I heard a promo from some home all that they change it till noon. I believe on Saturday. We don't know. We're getting it. We've closed all week. I think we just said that. Very university closed all week. Miami Day college closed today. FIU closed all week. Linear diversity closed yesterday. Well, that's good. BCC closed through Sunday. Nova closed through Sunday. The Arts Institute of Floridaity closed until Monday. Carlos Albazoo University closed today. What is that? Carlos Albazoo. 9 internationalists reopen. 4. Floridaity of Hollywood Airport closed for the notice. We're not getting any more reports about that. I'm scouring. I'm looking at, I just, not in good. Palm Beach International is open. There's something to think about. Those people trying to figure out a way to get back or get out. Palm Beach. I've actually done to know how to set square that Mollmaster came into. You think? Probably because he lives in the North Atlantic a lot of sense. Florida Keys marathon opened daily. That was only the airport. And Key West International Airport is pending. Whatever that means. Patent pending. Passed views advised to call their airlines and determine when service will resume out of Miami and Fort Lauderdale. Some flights are not operating even though Miami is open for example. Just call the airline and when it's out check it out. I'm not giving the airline numbers. Okay. If you can't do that for yourself, you're mama. Miami they transit. Metro rail service suspended three to five days for repairs. A bus bridge. To public buses. Parallel of the metro rail. I don't know what that means. Buses running on limited route. Buses are running on a Sunday schedule. Monroe County, J.G.T. Buses from Homestead to Key West Road. Resurms today. Suspended until further notice the Browd County transit. Ports of Miami date. Everways in Palm Beach. Opened a day that daytime vessel traffic. Miami closed in cargo traffic. The traffic told tomorrow. Port Everglades is pending. Alligator Alley told suspended east and westbound directions. Florida turnpied. Toils reinstated today. All high sea. Between exit. 2.42 and 309. Toils remains suspended. For turnpied. It's one to 242. The Pope Parkway told suspended. What if that's where a Pope's salad and he hangs it out. That's cute. So aggressive. Expressway. 869 told suspended North and Southbound. Sometimes Godway Bridge told suspended Northbound. Miami did expressway authority. All tools suspended. The Dalton that onshore of the gratin. He's never quick expressways. The causeways in a man. Vt we've restricted during curfew hours of 8pm to 6am including the Venetian. The due to totally 79 feet of the carthro causeways. We've prepared to show ID. Because stop is going to be stopping in there. If you don't have ID, you don't have a reason to be there. If you don't live there. Get lost. And track. They'd Monroe. Browd stations closed today. Auto train resumes. The Southbound service between. Lorton Virginian Sanford. Oh, that's going to work in Virginia. All right. New York to Miami Silverstar and Silver. The Southbound train is out of Orlando today and tomorrow. They're running. Courts of let's see. Closed today. Closed Monday. US District Court 112. Dishal Court 162. Closed. The 162. Dishal Court in Monroe County is open today for limited service. Postville service delivery resumes day. Most of the day, Browd and Monroe. Service is maybe unavailable or limited in some locations. Power outages. Made delays. Sorting of your mail. Okay. So if you feel better about mailing out your checks for your bills. Because it'll probably take a while. Every time you expect that, like they go through the bank the next day. Right. All right. Oh yeah. A lot more to come by to wear that list and more list. Oh, the stuff has been well. What am I going to do except the pass all we've been in for? Okay. Can you go and poke coming in on the phone? No. No, why not? I don't know. Come on. Call us in and give us a good. That was good stuff about that coverage and that was good. Very good. And gas. Right. Which I see the connection. 1214. Nobody. I. I. Plame game announcement today. No indictments today. Little disappointing. But tomorrow or Friday for sure. Whatever's going to be. Case or roster. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. That's my opinion. I might Disney. If you can't say, you go, show this to me. I'll. If you can't. If you go, show this. Take him out. If you will. When is. I love. I'm afraid. We'll have to kill you. And we'll have to kill you. Take him out. Lord, we'll have you. So do I. You go, show this. You must die. You are and be perfect at home. And beside. We may. You all. Do I, you go, show this. Do I, you go, show this. Do I, you go, show this. You dirty. only 2.7% of a Broward homes that lost power been restored as a 11 o'clock this morning. So this is a Florida power in loop. In date, how many 14.7% of homes are back? See that they're like kicking our ass. Data is kicking Broward's butt, all they didn't get it is bad. System Y, the utility said nearly 20% of all the customers, system Y, who lost power, now have electricity. 647,000 out of 3.24 million. Let's see, the rest is, the utility is telling customers that half of the dark and homes will be restored within 2 weeks, 95% within 3 weeks and the rest within 4 weeks. So unless you're very unlucky, well that's a long time. And that is, wow, I get out of there. I'd pack you, frankly, up in some like, a Ruba. We got family and North Florida to get the house and in the hills there that we could be at, but they gave us some of us have to work. Anyway, let's get back to this list of stuff, okay, do you? Let me give our phone number again, not that we're putting you on the ear because we got technical situations, but Josh would be more than ecstatic to pass along some useful information. If you got it like restaurants, gas stations, drug stores, walled greens, things like that, anything that's open, yeah drug stores are good. Yeah, 560, 560 or pound 560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. And Josh will take you in full and if he gives you a bunch of crap, well, there's a good I'm sure. Oh, no, sir, because he's the five can't tell me where you are. Yeah, I'm not going to put up with that, believe me. He's not getting paid enough to put up with that kind of garbage. Or it's for taking information. That is really it. I mean, if you want to know a phone number like FEMA or something like that, in fact, I'll tell you right now, 1-800-621- FEMA, 1-800-621-3362, see, so I'm about bugging with that. So the forceful service like I said resumes today in most of the day, Broward and Monroe won't be perfect but then again, hey, they're doing it man. Trash pick up. Dave County ongoing assessment, once the county affaires the damage, they'd be pretty comfortable beginning. City of Miami, regular scheduled garbage collection has been zoomed already. More old gamers, trash pick up resumed yesterday but expect collection a day later than regular scheduled pickup day, recycling is suspended so further notice. North Miami, regular garbage pickup, bulk service not operating on schedule. Well, who cares? Broward. Unincorporated Broward, garbage recycling and bulk trash pickup have been suspended. Tally would trash pickup begins tomorrow. George. Clearer mark, regular trash pickup has been zoomed. We removed a beginner of a mature, dear field, beach regular pickup rescheduled today. Oakland Park, bulk trash pickup for the week of October 24th and we scheduled a week of something in there. It's left off here on her. Well, not now. Okay, week of something. Hurricane, Dave, we picked up late this week. Residential trash pickup in Oakland Park will begin tomorrow. Lighthouse point, Dave, we pick up a started regular trash pickup on regular schedule. Carl Springs trash pickup is on the moral. Why do people say that on tomorrow? I hate it. Do they say that? Yeah, that's right. Obviously, you want tomorrow. Monroe County, limited garbage pickup begins today. Hospitals, Evan, to our hospital, I'm medical say the emergency room is open today. Cleveland Clinic procedures are canceled today, but the emergency room is open. Jackson Memorial, procedures canceled, the clinic's closed until further notice. Fred, your woman, her to call Jackson maternity hotline at 305. 585 2229. 585 2229. Soath Miami and Mariners Hospital reopens today for all services. Back this doctors and homestead hospital remain close to a for outpatient elective procedures. Okay, public places. I mean, I could go on till midnight, you know, and why not? Micro Zoo close until powers restored all they do have a water and ice there for you. That was on the list right, right, right, D-Man. I forgot. It was on the list. The Miami Museum of Contemporary Art Coastal for the notice. Miami C. Query and Coastal for the notice. The Paragungal Island closed. Miami pubic library close to for the notice to dolphin mall partially open and 10 o'clock this morning. The movie theater will be open. The falls close today. So the dolphin wall, the movies we own over there and catch a slick and then, sure, watch that Edward armor loaded. Yeah, that's good. They tell me. And obviously they got January, just near so they got some AC and probably the snack bar will be open too, right? I would imagine. You're a whole bunch of candy bars get your teeth all right and out soda. Yeah, get some of some of them big gulfs. So big. I'll have a look. See, one thing if you go to any place. So they bring it to you like in a bathtub. Residents of these communities are advised to boiled drinking water. Miami Beach, Dave County, residence, Earth's, the limit water usage for personal hygiene and cooking. They boil water advisory is not an effect. I didn't understand that. Well, do you understand that? Nope. Say it again. Okay. I'm done. Just reading what it says here in part of it is chopped off because they have a website that's got problems. A browned county, these places all have a boil water in effect. Coconut Creek, your field beach, forbauderny, a Hollywood, a lot of their lakes, a lot of their lighthouse point, open park, parkland, Pembroke Park, plantation, including something up to Broadway Park in the area north of sunrise, but we're about between 56 to have in sunset strip, west park, Miramar, north of southwest 25th of southwest 25th of southwest 10th street, Tamarack, Wilton Manors, what are they about to see? Unacorporated area about it by Broward, what about on the south and northeast 25th the way on the east, northwest 15th court on the north and northwest 38th Avenue on the other side. Whatever it is. What's the other? Yep. Parks. We care about the parks? No. No. To report price gouging, here's the price gouging hotline. 86, 6, 9, no scam, we're going to just try to add a 9, no smid. 1, 86, 6, 9, no scam. Should I give the auto insurance out? It's a little premature for the homer auto insurance plans to out? I guess not. I guess not. Well, it's just three major companies. There's state farm 1-800-732-5246, 1-800-732-5246, all state-for-the-in insurance, 1-800-547-8676, 1-800-547-8676, and nationwide insurance, all know there's all bunch of them. 1-800-4-2-1-4535, 1-800-4-2-1-4535, USAA, 1-800-5-3-1-82222, 5-3-1-822, at least 2-2 keeps during the Saturday hiddhamd. I'll give this as property insurance, 1-866, 4-11-C-P-I-C, 4-11-C-P-I-C, see? First lady, auto and hom insurance, 1-800-2524633, 1-800-2524633, progressive auto insurance, 1-800-777-647-7777, 777-7777 for progressive mercury insurance group, 1-800-987-6000, and national fund insurance program 1-800-4246-1-800-4246-1, 1-800-4246-1, by the way, claim it should have their policy number handy. Don't just call it, say, I'm Loshi Pupagatti and I've got some problems. Have your policy number with your or it's gonna be, you know, here that dial tone. Now, here's a whole list of events, Friday night fights at the Sanford Affair Frightnight's canceled, till 7pm Friday. Frightnight 7pm Friday, it'll be on. For a lot of the national boarship votes are postponed, or for the notice they're gonna have to like squeeze that down to a very small period of time. The United States' Monday concert at the Bank of Atlantic Center post-Bone New Day TBA, Vitoise concert postponed to last week in December, exact ATVA. Von Jovi, George is just crestballing out deliad, weeping. Tickets said to go on sale Saturday at the Bank of Atlantic Center, we'll hit the box office at 10. So, tickets will go on sale Saturday at the Bank of Atlantic Center. And here for a lot of your people, the Domino's Tournament, the Florida Foreign Trade Association Domino's Tournament, definitely postponed the tournament, so that's some bad news for all the old green tooth crowd. David, anything else here? Any interest? I mean, no. Now, Pet Clinic. Robert County, low-cost pet vaccination clinic postponed till November 19. On here's the one that we had yesterday that likes so much, plus Araratas de Vajor. I see that well? The great, the great love that, La Sararatas de Vajor, rats below, premier postponed some money, 18, at the TBA for a tower. How do you like that? Thank you, everybody. Okay, so that's to some of what's going on in the, oh, geez. My head is swimming from this, you know, for a long time since Andrew, thank goodness, not long enough though. Remember those days? Oh, yeah. Of course, in those days, we had like Chuck Meyer, we had Jennifer Remin, we had a lot of her head. A news team, a news team, like on a back in the day, man, when we was like a real talk and news station, as opposed to a sports newspaper station. I mean, what does any of this crap got into a ballgame? The fifth is Neil Rogers. It's time to get it on. The great, come to see what can be seen. If you know we'd never felt it alone. If you'd find an e-ose ball, where they had to count what and hello. But now it's time for him to pack his powder and go slow. They told her that no one loved her, no more hot patches and more. Woman, they got her hot grunk in life when she played British in charge. What her been before he came to America is now his daughter. I guess they'll win if he did, they did what to trust her, what was both. No, no, no, no, no. Go this effort for him. I love her love with her. Yeah, I love her love. Take it, take it. She will get the care. Hey, I'm your man. Yeah, I love the watch that I love. She loved the soul. The marriage was the song. You said, It's 1233 at 2 a.m. the mobile master back at 2 and then the mad dog at 4 and then a bunch of hurricane stuff. I guess this is appropriate. All right, can I like, can I just go nuts here because I have a million go nuts. I read. All right, I have gas stations on 144th in US one, 120 fourth and US one. There's two open on 152nd in US one. There's a Wendy's on 139th in US one. There's a Burger King on 132nd in US one. There's a home depot on 136 in US one. The avent her a mall food court open till six and they're proving everything supposedly so. Excellent. So that's close enough. What else? What else? We could get to lawful. We've been reading there's a home depot in Kendall and a guy called said they have nothing to stop reading that they have everything. So if you want to cross it. But I ever say anybody has everything when I say that. Well, food and I've seen me water and ice. That's what I'm talking about. Oh, the home depot. So they have nothing to turn people away. So I'm okay. Okay. There's in Pompano on Powerline. A lot of gas stations are open right by Pompano Park area right there. I'm like Cyprus Creek and Powerline and McNabb and Powerline. There's a couple of gas stations open. That's all I got. Well, that's great. See, then they can go over to Pompano Park get some ice and water and maybe a few snacks or whatever they're handing out or some of them horse droppings and then they can get gas in the hood too. I do have a read does column which I probably should read. Okay. It's called Dick at the heart of darkness. Okay. About your vice president. I did a little part of it. Probably most of this for tomorrow because we're not going to get the indictments the anyway and your president. Yeah. Pull bushwood loose an election of held this year and majority would vote for a democrat over bush of an election where held this year. But it's not the latest pool released yesterday. Fifty five percent of the respondents said they would vote for the democratic candidate and this is just a generic anybody. Yeah. If that's why. If that's a great right. If Connie were able to run and even in his present condition they might vote for. And only one in 10 Americans said they believe the Bush administration official did nothing illegal or unethical and connection with leaking of power. We claim only one in 10 90 percent say something happened 39 percent said some administration officials acted illegally in the a matter and the same percentage 39 percent said Bush administration officials acted unethically but not necessarily illegal. So there you go. Now more in doubt rights. Dick in the heart of at the heart of darkness. If you're with elected he sometimes gave visitors a tour of the love alcova off the overlosses where bill tristed with Monica. The notorious thought where his predecessor had dishonored the White House. And Lisa was only a little pantry and little panting. If W wants to show people now where the White House has been dishonored and far more astounding in deadly ways he'll have to hold him around every nook and cranny of his vice president's office. Then go across the river for a walk of shame to the rummy empire the Pentagon. The shocking thing about the trellis of revelation showing Dick Cheney the self-salt misdorst dog America. As the central figure in the dark conspiracies did use up a case for war and demonize those who try to tell the public the truth is how unshocking it all is. It's exactly what we thought was going on, but we never thought we'd actually hear the lower details. Cheney and Remy the tool good come Padres from the Nixon and Ford days and a cabal running the country and the world into the ground. Threatened by their poisonous obsession with the wreck while Juniors out of the loop playing in the gym were on his mountain bike. Mr. Cheney's been so up protected by his portraying guard all these years that has been hard for the public to see his dastardly deeds and petty schemes. But now because of Patrick Fitzgerald's investigation in Canaan talk from Brett Skorek often Lawrence Wilkerson. He's been flushed out as the harder darkness, also furious, strangely back to the man W. Anthony named Vice. According to what time story yesterday, Scooter Libby first learned about Joseph Wilson CIA, why from his boss Mr. Cheney, not from a Ford as he'd originally suggested. And Mr. Cheney learned it from George Tenet according to Mr. Libby's notes. The bushhogs presented themselves as protectors and exporters of American values. But there were so fevers you're about protecting the alternate reality that they constructed the links on America and fulfilling their idea of fixa about it and vaining a rack they perverted American values. Whether or not it turns out to be illegal outing a CIA agent undercover or not, simply underbinder husband story is roversly sleazy. This no leak administration was perfectly willing to leak the internet to hurt anybody who got in its way. Vice also pressed for a loophole so the CIA could do torture or light on prisoners in U.S. custody, which out in McCain we buffed his torturness. Senator McCain is responded as sponsored a mention to bar the cruel treatment of prisoners because he knows this is not who we are. Remember the days when the only torture was listening to politicians resettling the best TV lines at dinner parties? Colonel Wilkerson, the former chief of Stanford colon pop broke the code and denounced the vice's vortex calling his own involvement Mr. Pauzy when speech infected with boggit Cheney and scooter malarkey the lowest point of his life. He followed that with a blast of blunt talk in a speech in the off-aid piece in the LA Times saying that foreign policy had been hijacked by a secret of little lobe cabal that hated the synth. He said the cabal was headed by Mr. Cheney, a vice president who speaks only to Rush Limbaugh to symbol of military forces and Donald Rumsfeld to secretary defense presiding over the death by thousands cuts of our overstretched armed forces. I believe that the decisions of this cabal were sometimes made with a full and winning support in the president and sometimes with something less Colonel Wilkerson wrote more often than not. The national security adviser, Condoleezza, Rice was simply steamrolled by this cabal. Friends, go-croft, Bush and senior close friend Lara Schriek, this week to Jeffrey Goldberg and the New Yorker, we're reading his Australian event from W. and his old protege Condy. He sustained Paul Wolfowitz's an eye view toopin and said he didn't know his old friend Dick Cheney anymore. Vices aligned with the neocons were determined to finish and record Mr. Scrocroft and poppy had declared finished. Let him believe the nation into a morass. TOOP, that's there now a 2000-a-gruesome milestone. The reason I part with the neocons is that I don't think in any reasonable time frame the objective of democratizing the Middle East can be successful. Scrocroft said if you can do a fine but I don't think you can. And in the process of trying to do it, you can make the Middle East a lot worse. W should take the Middle or Freedom away from Mr. Tenon and give the Middle's to Colonel Wilkerson and Mr. Scrocroft. That's Marine Dahl's call. Now, here's only this F. E. Melola numbers as of 11. In, let's see, we really care about some of these who know. In Broward, 839,000-turned people still are out with power. 23,600 restored. Well, that's week week. Well, I understand they had those some stations blown out. Right, let's make all the excuses which here. Why are they so proud to be here? 8,600, 600,600, 700 people still are out of power. 56,800 restored and in-day county where they seem to be doing the best. Not to get out of lessons in-day but boy. 815,500 were out and 141,000 were restored. 815,000 still out. Out of the original line 50s. Almost a million originally in-day. Ready for that? So that's the latest as of a loaded clock this morning. And now, I've got a list of 14 pages from the Sun Sentinel. And a little bit later about reading anything from them. Although some of these are all peruces because, for example, to show how much better a job the Held is doing and being updated. In the middle of this it says, US Postal Service in Broward 8,000, Rose Ben Kertel. Well, we know that's not true. We know that the Postal people are doing their thing. I think a lot of this is still from yesterday. It's just, you're lazy there to Sun Sentinel. Okay. Get those damn jurbles together there and get them put them in the meat grinder or something. Get them going. We don't have any power up here. Yeah. Two bad. I'm going to give the bank a line of plays over here. We're not getting a list of any other banks that are open, which is kind of shocking to me. And that's shocking. It is. Because people need their cash man. They need that ATM to be open. They want to go in there and get some cash so they do find gas open or food or something to survive on. Maybe just maybe they might be able to pay for it. This is meal ruggers. The price, honey. Well, he's a fellow has a nasty, old, good-cut-up-honey, from his daddy. Oh! And if I step my little brat, he's always an agenda that's nasty. But he's a fellow has a nasty, nasty, noble, fair play. That is a present and so does. Who doesn't have to run? And when else is gone, oh, anybody's well just who's right in? He's gone. He has a golden spoon. He was born with others, so look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gas. Keep it down. That has to be nasty. Oh, we'll give our civil rights the way. Whoa, guys. The tala has a nasty, noble, fair play. You fair. Well, you're very, very happy to do with very, very few. Who never takes a suit by next year? We'll always prove she's hard. She's hard. She's hard. Any smart food with that grace, a good-fity with K-wise. We think they call it filth. for you anyway. He's a fellow as a 90. Oh, he's a KKK, not B. Oh, daddy's a fellow as a 90. Oh, a family. Come home, let's do this step. Come home, they all. Let's go. You know, you see him on all these press conferences on there, and reassuring everybody in their all-for-parent, and he was going to do it right now. And confidence is an omnisystem. Not low, but just non-existent. Okay, the following bank and ladder extors are now open. They'd count eight, eight, seven, oh, five, Northwest 35th land. South Miami, 62, oh, two, South, six, you highway. Flagler, 7900 West Flagler Street, 10-dale Lakes, 87, oh, one, Southwest 137-Av, high-Eliya, 1455-West 49 Street, Kendall, 14-O-O, North Kendall Drive, one-biscayne Boulevard at two South of the scheme Boulevard, one-biscayne. Brickle at 1101, Brickle Avenue, and Broward, a bank and ladder open at North Coral Springs, 4695 North University Drive, South Pembrook at 1,200, 1, 1, 2, 0, 0, pound, and a pound Boulevard. Jack Irranda, 1901, North Pine Island Road, and Mainlands at 42 of the West Commercial Boulevard at the Mobile ATM fan. Did I have more than that? I think. All I got such a huge pile here. I mean, I got those 14-A just from the Sunsonnel. Some boys might be accurate. But I wouldn't count on it. I got some new stuff as well. Good. Great. Excellent. Let's delay it on them. The target, a date land is open. There's a little Asian Cafe called Lopan Asian Cafe. A date land station, 8332 South, 60-highway, the Ropantel 7. Excellent. And the Metro Deli. Also the, you heard me? Don't start doing it. Are you got more? I just going to say right up the street from the station of 441. I'm staring at the stadium diners open. Wouldn't we right up the street? It's right across the street. Yeah. Right up the street. Right next to Chuck's. Right next to Chuck's Subcenter. The stadium diner is open. Man, did they bring you anything? No. Come on. Well, I'm sure that somebody in there will go right across the street and bring you guys something. Come on, Lisa. While the money had dropped in that place. Yeah. Lisa is the odorous. Come on, Lisa. Let's go over there to the stadium diner. We got some starving people here. We're, you know, we're hot microphones, man. Slave it over hot telephone. Let me, yeah, chili burger. Be nice. Doing it for men is pubic service here. Pass along all this information. In fact, I was just thinking, which is unusual for me. I was just thinking, I wouldn't be surprised if like tomorrow. I get a FedEx from down here from the Beesley Zoo. You know, I'm probably underwater. Would it check for 100 grand in it for me to split up among us three? Yeah. Yeah. Something I gave about 50 to George in about 40 to Josh. Yeah. No, I'm just thinking we ought to get like something extra for this. Yeah, something. Hey, you know what, we're, of course, with a tremendous help of the QM news department. That's another reason that it's such a joke. The tremendous QM news ability. But doesn't have to do it a bargain or somebody wearing a John Strab. We know absolutely nothing about it, okay? So the fact that we're able to do this just with the internet and our own, whatever, stupidity. Okay. That's what I've got for you. For your most back of South New at two, I'll tell you about history of it. I'll tell you about history of it. I'll tell you about history of it. Okay, ma'am. Metro Deli, 70 Northeastern Street is open in downtown Miami. You can call it a 305-3713-5859, order where ahead. Oh, that sounds really good. Whenever you're nice for some kishki right now. That's the Silverstone Graze. I don't know what you do on SimTostura, but it must be something. Oh, I could go back to that website. I've actually seen them. I really feel about this now. This is really bad. I have all the power out on SimTostura. I wonder if it affects your Mazizza. It's good to think it didn't happen on Hanukkah. Maybe it might affect the way the Drittel spins. Anyway, I did leave a bank in line. Let me do that thing about FEMA also. Please. Please. Broward County has been approved for FEMA assistance for both small business and individuals. The number to call is 1-800-621-3362. 1-800-621- FEMA. People must save all receipts because FEMA assistance is only for reimbursement. It was announced that the Broward Emergency Operations Center this morning. 1-800-621-FEMA. 621-3362. Rumors that Miami-Date has widespread water contamination is also fuel the Mania for bottle of water as people perhaps unnecessarily are standing in line for hours. Oh, the shame. Not that people panic you understand that the people start getting real, nervous and overly esicotic. The only ones facing water problems in date county. Resons of Miami Beach which has a boil water order in those relied on well water and like the power to work the pumps. If you live in date county, you're standing in line for water. Go home. So date commissioner Carlos Aminis, probably close kindergarten Jose, open up the tap and recall you want. He's so it's easy for him to say. One man was said, this is in date county. By the way, please understand that except for residents of Miami Beach and those who have well water. One man was so angry about the tainted water that he angrily confronted another commissioner outside his district office in West Dade. He came at the yelling, I'm not going to give my son contaminated water. Said Jose, P.P. Dia, shingness and disbelief. I told him, sir, your water is fine. Hold your water. Your water is fine. Nice going, P.P. But to lazy game for distribution sites and running yesterday was a firsteration for local officials. They had mayor had even hopped on a helicopter lately. Even in fluromson air reserve base, the staging ground for a FEMA supplies. There were some kinks who said, one of the problems local officials announced the time sites had been opened before the inverter actually arrived. When the supply trucks were delayed leaving homestead, folks already have been in line for hours. See, there's a little premature evaluation. Not a good idea. Don't get people's hopes up and then forcing to get their real early in the Hamster and the fresh to hours because then they get pissed off. And then they remember that law that went into effect and thought, I told her one, they said, I'm being okay. We're not going to put up with this crap-known mole. We want our water. We want our ice, etc. And so on. All these things. How do you like that? All of these things. Okay. I'm in co-haring from this. Oh, it's great. I'm going to grab the hell of a job. I'm really cutting that bonus check they're going to send you. Yeah, wait till we get that big bonus check from the beeslies if they ever go get out from underwater. All of them to be honest with you, Joyce don't come up and go. Well worth it. The least I could do will pass on the bonus as long as Joyce don't come back speaking of bonus. The least they should do is give us the full bonus instead of half for that summer book. That's an excellent point. I'm a very good point. Let's suspend that 50% bonus bull crap for December book. Considering the tremendous life risking job we're doing. Look at me for crying a lot. I'm sure my high rise, especially some of us don't work less during the summer but putting my life on the line. Yeah. Put my life on the line instead of punching it would bind and that would be fine. With money that was all mine was at any rate. And those papers. I already gave this. Yeah, see I got so much stuff here. I don't know what I'm given or not given. Now here's this 75,000 pages from the Sun Sentinel. You see I knew that reading on the air eventually would come in handy. Something useful I might put on the air. All those people like McGill. How's McGill doing by the way? Is he, he showed up and then I take me to cook off again. Really? He's got the newborns so he has issues of his own. Doesn't really sound like a pretty lame ass he's used to me. And what they're always, Adam doing their wives and sales department working. What are they going to do? Sells spots? They're going to try. You know, and this tries to add for it. It's very disconserting. I mean, I'm going to be at least found the thing about pumping a park having the water and ice. But that was in the Sun Sentinel, where the Harold somewhere was not, it was not from inside the building up from anybody giving us any information. And maybe they don't have a power over there to to send me a facts, right? Right? At least. Our facts was because I'm sure that there's no racing over there tonight because if you don't have any power to have any lights. And even though some of those guys over there probably would do a lot better in the dark. I just don't think it's going to happen. Well, anyway, here's what's on and what's not. Some of these are ideas that I'm not going to waste my time when he's going to like the eat off and rose levy Jewish menu center in Boka for Simhustura. Forget about it. National walk for Hope to cure breast cancer. Benefinity city. Hope has been rescheduled for November 6th. These sawgrass mills. Let's see. They got a few bank of land. French has been out as many as I had. The Sun Sentinel is not up on us. Maybe because it's a brow routine and a heavens and problem. Okay. That's kind of some slack. And some of these things have put on her. It's day that October 26th which is today. But it's got like the town center in Boka because Tuesday. Well, Tuesday was yesterday. You jackass, you idiot. You fair. Yeah. That's that. Look at us. They got the date for today and they got brown schools of enclosed Tuesday. They made schools be closed to. I think I wasted 14 pages of fast paper. How many maple trees do they have to cut down up here for print this paper? To me. Right? If I you will be closed Tuesday until for the North. We don't care about Tuesday. This is old newsman. This is sad. And this is also the same budget nonsense where they got to think about the Postal Services been curtailed. I'm thrown aside. I don't trust anything that they are putting these lists. All right. No, no seriously. I'm throwing it out. I don't want to weed stuff. It's either eight years old or incorrect. Let's fix them. Calls instead. That's not. We can't do it. And by the way, somebody ought to be looking at that situation. I don't know. I got something you can trust. Yes. Our friends, howies are open. Only for pick up. Only for what? Only for pick up. No delivery. That's 24 or 30. South State Road. Well, who's going to go get you your howies? I just had to pick some up on the way out. Where you go. Another bulletin that I thought was kind of cool on the West 49th Street in High Lia, a gas station, a huge fight broke out with like 40 50 people. The SWAT team had to go down there. Oh, right. I'm hoping to see that on the news. That's your hotheaded people, George. Yeah. Well, in high Lia. Maybe they were late for the cockfight. Maybe that was it. I have no word. I wasn't even postponed or not. I think they go on a later. Or in high Lia. Yeah. It's cockfight. White's Rainer Shrine. Oh, here's the thing about sinhustor. That's somebody facts. And thank you so much. Look at those. Sinhustor means we joy seeing in the Torah. This holiday marks the completion of the annual cycle of weekly Torah readings. A real hot thought of no cock-so-hoi said to the Imamah. Each week in synagogue we publicly read a few chapters from the Torah starting with Genesis chapter 1, the silliest one of all. And working our way around to do the round of E34. On Simpsons Square we need the last to report. And then proceed immediately the first chapter of Genesis, reminding us that the Torah is a circle in ever ends. The completion of the readings is a time of great celebration. Their perception to run us to the God-caring Torah schools and plenty of high-spirit at singing and dancing. No, you're your. Like that. With the Torah's. Don't drop the Torah by the way you'll burn in hell. Drinking is also combing during this time. In fact, in written literal source, our commands performing to priestly blessing earlier than usual in the service to make this surely co-hanime are not dropped with the time come. At a co-hanime like the blame? As many people as possible are given honor of Aliya, reciting a blessing over the Torah reading. In fact, even children are called for Aliya, blessing on Simpsons. And in addition there's many people as possible are given the honor of caring a Torah school in these possessions. Children don't care the school. Children don't care the school, they're much too heavy, they might drop it, and then they burn in hell. But often fall the procession around the synagogue, sometimes carrying a small toy tourist, stuffed plush toys or paper scrolls. And that cute little toy. A little toy one. And some of the guys, confirmation ceremonies or ceremonies mark in the beginning of a child, you would say, in case they're in hell at this time. Oh, to many, after-right, and some of how store holidays in which work is not permitted. No say permissah, a key, how do you like that? So while you choose, go home. This is new Rogers. Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. I'm dying of a hair. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Don't scare the bat to the bird. Even out for a catchback work, you have to, with all the lonely pub of my life after any hour. There's information there, you want you to know. So the character teaching wonder control. Wake up the future, what they're in and do. With all the lonely pub of my life after any hour and two. You lay in front of some of the sharing the show. In the marriage of a father's house. That's not something you'll see other news. With all the lonely pub of my life after any hour. To be our addition of a girl who's seen me. That by a simple tribute artist, brave. One or two at five, 60, I'll be the queen. Happy some hard story, by the way. Okay, now the Palm Beach post, which I should have been checking there stuff more often because it seems to me that they're doing a stellar job, at least partially. Yeah. Because they updated this as a 1234 PM today, which is only half an hour ago. State and federal trust were delayed loading and uploading unloading supplies released 10 distribution sites this morning. Assistant Palm Beach County administrator Vince Bonavento said, A official for certain caution at the S.A.S.A.'s confusion, where state truck stock would supplies around the south Florida Ferdrons and not the distribution sites themselves as anticipated. Two trucks of water, two trucks of ice and one truck of ready-to-week meals are at these locations in Palm Beach County. Calorie Judd grew, 41-central proud with me wrote lots of hatty. Palm Beach Community College, 42-central Congress Avenue Lakeworth, the South County Civic Center, 167 hundred job wrote unincorporated Del Rey. South Florida Ferdrons, 96-central Southern Boulevard, unincorporated West Palm, and Belgrade Fire Station, 525 South West Second Street. Maybe they'll even let you slide up another Greece poll at that place, huh? Maybe if you're lucky. Supplies run a way to larger Dean Stadium in Jupiter and now North County Court, or what I said, part of this has chopped off again. I hate what that happens, don't you? These locations are scheduled to open by the early afternoon in Palm Beach, Palm Bay Park, Palm Beach Park, P-O-N-P-E-Y-P-P-P-E-L-E-L-11-1-North West Second Street Del Rey Beach. Well, it's a recreation complex, 24-9 West Avenue H, in Riviera Beach, gains Park, 50-1 Australia, and Avenue West Palm, and the Book of Municipal Center, 60-5-1 Congress Avenue North. Let's see, Palm Beach International is open. First flight to the part of this morning. My name is International Open, I'm a Yati Adiati Adiati, of course for a lot of it, I'll forget about it. Port of Palm Beach is open. St. Mary's Hospital in Goods, Mary's Hospital, have running water. Goes on. Well, that's it. I don't want to matter what you get in the stuff that's like, maybe it's this, and maybe it's not in a way. We're not going to play that game, are we? So how is this open? And the stadium diners open, I'm sure that you've got, like, I'm less than all kinds of stuff that came across already. Come on, Johnny, come on, Lisa. Send us a chili burger. Making cheeseburger. That would be good. I want 30, okay, these guys are going to want to have a van moose, it's great. Okay, well, they get some, to go order, to say, no, it would be good. And where you're going to get your gas in, away home from all the other city. I'm going to be driving around until I run out of gas, apparently. Well, but all these gas stations that we got called in, and you ought to be in peace of cake. Yeah, cake. Look at the signs and be long-distance. Oh, from all the way to, tell a hand sign. They just showed on the TV some crazy person being turned away because he showed up at the gas line with a, with a jug, an empty jug of tide and an old paint bucket. And obviously they're not going to let you put gas in those things. And you know, this crazy old crackers, like, you know, walk it off, person and screaming. Oh, we had a bunch of crazy old crackers, too, huh? Yeah. So what a combo. Have a gas canister. Yeah, that's probably a pretty good idea. Of course, if you don't have a gas canister, it's original when you hear it. Yeah, I don't know what that's been put in anyway. Right? Right. Now, is there any of this stuff that we want to repeat? Because I got, I got my other regular stuff. Huh? I don't want to go through this whole thing about the city, by city damage identity. What's the point? Look around. Look around and you'll see. I like that article you read. You should read some more of that, even though you didn't know. What article? Like that. Yeah. You got more like that, I'm sure. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, you are so bad. The instigator, man. The engines in the industry. Man. I just want to make sure I get all this info on here. And I know that, you know, not everybody was tuned right in there. Lieutenant clock this morning or whatever the company I finished our crossover. And if there's stuff that needs to be put on here. Are you keeping the list of those gas stations? Yeah. Let's give those again. Because we got the new ones there at Keller Ridge is good. And the Burger King, the Wendy's. Oh, man. Broward Boulevard between Pine Island and University. That's a jack around the plaza there. Sit go over get jack around. What's your console for? Meacing 441 in Riverside, wherever the hell that is. Like up in West Palm or somewhere like that. Snoko on sample in Riverside. BP West of the Palmezzo in 58, which I don't understand that. But that's what it says here. BP and Snoko on Sterling and Palm. BP on 120th and Coral Way. A Sit Go on 37th Avenue on the Palmezzo. BP and Hollywood on Harding Street. Old Griffin in US1 BP. And then what Josh just read there. 144th in US1, 124th in US1 and 152nd in US1. I send those our date county addresses. You know. And that's the US1 is in Dave County. Last time I checked. Well, I mean, it's all over the place, but those street numbers would be in the county. Yeah. Federal Highway is the Brown. I got some new stuff also. Poppidions in Cooper City share then. Oh, I'm in on Flamingo are open. I just pick up only obviously. And there's a place called the Chicken Grill on 258th Street. That is serving. That's oh, I got it. No, okay. It's good though. More and more. Oh, no. There are more city hall. It ran out of food and water. But five trucks just showed up with it. By the way, why do I keep saying that water nice five truck? You keep throwing the food in there. I don't know. Can you tell him hungry? Yeah. You're going for the food. Yeah. I think that how is what is sent somebody down there? I really would be aware. They're like, uh, and practically part of our business. They're like in bed with a sort of speed. They're family. Yeah. Or at least a stadium dinner. It's right across the street for crying out loud. Oh, well, one time I had that island from there. It was very good. But I had those eggfarts all day. Yeah. Yeah. What if they had to have the food? Oh, at least a break it over personal. Come on. Lisa, get with it. Bring some food for these guys to a lunch on. And some food here. I heard just shut up from the LA Times. You know, Lawrence Wilkerson. I had that earthly estate. But this is a follow up. Okay. And again, I'm not sending a whole bunch of stories to you for the website, which I know breaks your heart. But it's just there's no point to it because there's nobody. It's got a power. And I've diluted myself into believing that all these people around the rest of the world are looking at our website, read the stories. They may be going on our website and obviously they are. But I don't know what they're doing on it. I don't know what the deal is. All right, Maria. We should be on strike with those stories. Yeah. We're going to start strike with the stories. Do people start reading? I like that. And that of course, when you get your power back. We do have 743 votes on the poll. I bet you would get to 1000 by the end of the week, maybe. Who are what do you fear the most? George W. Bush. Pockets of the people. And that's what he's picking. He's picking the pockets of the people and his nose. George W. Bush, 182, they fear religious nuts, 186. Laws are free to him, 63. All those three time together very tightly. South Florida, Driver, 38. Big Chaining, 36. All they age 34. Black folks, 28. Terrorist, 27. Job laws, 25. Hurray Caines, 21. STVs, 15. Of course, the people are further hurricanes, most they have no power. Burn flu of 15. Gays 14. World War 13. Cops 12. Turn 80 is 8. Criminal 7. Flying 6. And Joel Fineberg's job 3. He only wishes he had a 3. They never cracked a 2.5. Any hour in the RBI hour. And this last summer book never cracked it. In fact, I think it was the biggest number 2. 2.2 or 2.2 or 2.4. 2.2. And now he's Daniel Bastard. Probably some of his people, you know. And Stu Goss. A punishing pummeling using that you got pummeled by the hurricane. The 790, the ticket took a pummeling like he wouldn't believe in that summer book. Humphrey did well. The mole mice remained nice. Come back there. The new one improved mole. With that two balls spot. Mad dog is usual fine job. And of course, we kicked ass. We mostly George. Today 7.0. Oh, sure. I didn't like that. I should have already played that all day today. Nothing we want to sound selfish because who you know, people are trying to get their lives back together again. Just a little bit of gas. Get some power. Get some food. Get the water. 1. Dammit. But hey. We'll still take it. Lawrence B. Wilkerson of the N.L.A. Times rights. The White House Cabal. He served as chief of staff to colon role in colon pal. In president Bush's first term, some of the most important decisions about US national security, including vital decisions about postwar Iraq, were made by a secret of little loan Cabal made up of a very small group of people led by Dick Cheney and Don Rumsfeld. When I first discussed this group in a speech by S. W.K.K. the New American Foundation in Washington, I comments caused a significant stir because I had been chief of staff to then secretary of state colon pal between 2002 and 5. But it's absolutely true. Absolutely. I believe that decisions of this Cabal were sometimes made really full and winning support of the president, and sometimes with something less. More often than not, the national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice was simply steamroll by this Cabal. It's in-seller and secret workings were efficient and swift. Not unlike the decision making one would associate more of the dictatorship than a democracy. This further process was camouflaged neatly by the dysfunction and inefficiency of the formal decision making process, or decisions that they were reached at all, and a window way through the bureaucracy with its dissenters of structures and guardians of the turf. But the secret process was ultimately a failure. It produced a series of disastrous decisions that virtually ensured that the agency charged with implementing them would not or could not execute them well. I watched these dual decision making process, these operate for four years at the State Department. As Chief of Staff for 27 months, I had a door joining the secretary of state's office. I read virtually every document he read. I read the intelligence briefings in spoke daily with people from all across government. I knew that what I was observing was not what Congress intended when it passed the 1947 National Security Act. The law created the National Security Council, consistently president, vice president, and the secretary of the State and Defense, to make sure the nation's vital national security decisions were thoroughly vetted. The NSE has often been expanded, depending on the president's office, to include the CIA director, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Treasury Secretary and others, and is a committed staff to sometimes order 100 people. But many of the most crucial decisions from 2001 to five were not made within the traditional NSE process. Scholars and eligible critics of the U.S. to sit making process may rightly say, so what? Have an all of our presidents in the last half century failed to inform the usual process at one time or another? Isn't the president's prerogative to make decisions with whom ever he pleases? Moreover, can he not ignore whom ever he pleases? Why should we care that president Bush gave over much of the critical decision making to his vice president and the secretary of defense? Both as a former academic and as a person who's been in the ring with the bull, I believe that there are two reasons we should care. First, substitute the pressures from the process and the past led us into a hosted disasters, including the last years of Vietnam War, the National Investment of Watergate, the Iran Conference scandal, and now ruin this policy of George W. Bush. But a second and a far more important reason is that the nature of both governance and crisis has changed in modern age. From managing the environment to securing sufficient energy resources, from dealing with trafficking and human beings to performing peacekeeping missions abroad, governing is vastly more complicated than ever before in human history. Further, the crisis the West government confronts today are so multifaceted, so complex, so fast-breaking, and almost always with such incredible potential for regional and global ripple effects that the two departments systemic decision making process laid out in the 47th statute invites disaster. This counting the professional experts available within the federal bureaucracy and ignoring entirely the manpowerable but often frustrating the scented offender arises they're in, makes for quick and painless decisions. But when government agencies are confronted with decision to wish they didn't participate and wish they quickly disagree their implementation of those decisions is fractured, uncorordinated and inefficient. This is particularly the case of bureaucracy's codependence youth that decisions are in strong competition when one another will scarce money, talented people, turf or power. It takes firm leadership to recite over the bureaucracy, but it also takes a willingness to listen to descending opinions. It requires leaders who can analyze synthesize pondering decide. The administration's performance during its first four years would have been even worse without Powell's damage control, at least once a week it seemed piled through over the to the awful office and cleaned the dog poop off the carpet. He held a youthful experience president's hand. He told him everything would be alright because he is the secretary of state he would fix it. And he did. Everything from a serious crisis would China when the U.S. reconnaissance aircraft was struck by Chinese F. H. fighter jet naval 2001. So the secretary's constant reassurances to your pay and leaders following the bitter breach of relations over the Iraqi war. It wasn't enough of course but it helped. Today we have a president who's appropriating a 38% in the vice president who's facing a racial limbo on a civil military forces. We have a secretary defense presiding with the death by a thousand cuts of our overstretched armed forces. No surprise to ignore the set of such as former armory chief of staff general Erich and Seki or former armory secretary Thomas White. It's a disaster. Given the choice, I choose a frustrating bureaucracy over an efficient cabal every time. It's an disaster this way, Sam. You realize we have not built a new refineries since the early 1970s. If you're too ashamed to buy a job, that's not your idea. While people round you play the round of relaxation golfer. He was on vacation, I already used a cup of tea that's ever been so hoops. And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You with the world busy having heard a passion don't go. You're investigating the fate that's real bullshit. Zoning is such a waste of ones that don't you can't lock up so it don't continue. But no one will get blamed like with agent playing no heads will roll. Or a gambasper is this the slap on the wrist and no charges file. What a surprise. So you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new mess. No, find it. Under death toll a swift in the pole that's no problem. You'll fix it. You're a spinner, she will deal with you will lose. Because that's their job, as for usual. Son of a bush is a foot in your touch. You're all in it. We just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no brain. I'm a problem, son. You made it off the years that these and those know us. You have no shame on shame. What's that? And what's with that swerve you stupid jerk when people have died of. So the bull beats you should be impeached and we're in the impromptown. Do you know a hall of favor and get them out? You're here? Yes. It gives you affordable coverage for major illnesses. Good. It's 20 after one and five 60 WQM. Question DVDs, Garce Riot. See this story? No, let's hear all about it. Our Xenia agent hits that good old-time religion baby. These root of all hatred and evil in the world. But happy Sympastora. One person died in more than 90 were injured. His thousands of Muslims died outside. They caught the Christian church Friday. See some of this is little ancient because we haven't got time to get around with because of this hurricane. To denounce a play being offensive to Islam. Police responded by being the protesters and firing tear gas in the crowd. Police said 52 protesters were arrested as people hurled stolen. Smashed windows and tried to storm St. George church. Protesters also said a police car in fire and wrecked eight other cars. The interminister would be saying this statement. If we talk about the associated press off. Police fired rubber bullets in the crowd. Police fired rubber bullets in the air. They tried to disperse the crowd. One protestor died after being trampled in the inhaling tear gas. The protesters described the protesters as fanatic elements who escalated a negative reaction to a play. The ministry said about 5,000 Muslims march to the church after Friday and prayers in mosques. The riot was sparked by the distribution of a DVD of a play. It was performed as a church two years ago. The play I was blind but now I can see. Tell the story of a young Christian who converts to Islam and becomes a solution. Oh, I see. I do like that. The church is directed to Reverend August Stinius. Said it was difficult to explain that we actually were one time performance that took place two years ago. There are so many questions on what is behind all of that. He told the AP in the telephone interview. He denied the play was offensive to Islam because it's Christian hero. He's ultimately saved by a Muslim friend. All the public might seize all the time. I do like that. Here's a good story to get little chocolate on you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But since we are sick. Ontario, California. A man was arrested after neighbors reported seeing him as sexually assaulted as families. Ten year old female, a lot while are police said. We've all though, as kids who are 39 was arrested for investigation and two kinds of sexual assault. On animal, according to a statement from Ontario police to take the baby McBride. How old was the dog? 10. Well, that's the same thing. How old were you? How old were you? 10. How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? How old were you? Just like Old Old Old Old Old Old Old Old Old Old Old old old old, old old, old old old old, old old, old, old old that that was like Old Old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old, old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old old. How old were you? How old were you? and heard the dog cry and pain when he was in the doghouse. He was also reporting his arm and his backyard rest and woman's bra and panties dancing with a broom handle. That kind of stuff goes on in sweet water every day. His arm was booked at the West Valley Detention Center currently San Bernardino County Sheriff's website. The inland valley humane society took my way into protective custody. The family might not get the dog back if he seemed to be sexually assaulted. It might not. Studies of journal likely between abusive animals and abusive humans. How do you like that? A large percentage of sexual abuse is stirred out of using animals. That's something. Oh yeah, I knew that. Did you know that? Documentaries about, you know, like Jeffrey Domber and all these people. I see. He was one. Or they had animals like top of them the freezer and yeah, well, he would torture them. I don't know if he kept them on ice. Faster. Well, he got his anyway. Jeffrey Domber. Well, see him, no, no. Now, if we had anything new coming in or what? The only thing I got is a shelf station on Andrews and Oakland. It's to open. Well, don't say the only thing you've got. That's important. Crap. Andrews and Oakland, that's where that hot dog place used to be. That I can never think of the name of it. It began with an R. Dave. No, what I'm talking about. Did it begin with an R? Yeah. Andrews and Oakland ran the corner there. But it's gone as moved or something. I don't say. I'm just going to bring for about that. That was a good place. It was a sponsor about 100 years ago. That when we had those. What are those? I don't know. Hey, our sales department's working diligently. We're going to update on Pompano Park from Troy yet. No. No. He just, I don't know what he's doing. He's probably over at school. And so I was hanging it out. I just don't get it. I mean, I realize that these people don't have it off a lot. They can do it in there. But just just to like screw off and disappear. Now, I'd definitely done vacation, which of course, what can we say about that? Do fairy. Good time. You think what I'd say? We didn't think that would be these emergency situations going on here. Like post-bonded vacation when you think that. Oh, I sure is. I think it's a great idea. I think I'll go get out of town. All you people at a live that have survived through this. Obviously, if you're listening, you must be still alive or very close to it. This should be a good lesson to you. This bull crap about paradise with all that we spoke to my close personal friend who's returning it to. They'll paradise my ass. Just not violent. By the way, was that place where we know? That said, very good. Somebody called you with it? Yeah, somebody called me. I know that. That's why I said, thank you very much. Reno's. Not Janet. You did something I had good shakes, but not the kind of you like to have in your body. But they had the greatest hot dogs. And what else they had there? Burgers and all kind of good stuff. Reno's. Great. I mean, rings. Right on the corner of Andrew's and Oakland. You're a started changing quite a bit. You know what I mean? What do you mean? No, I don't know what you mean. I don't know. Okay. Anyway, 26 after one, we got the mole mice to retool these back from all kinds of places that we got mad dog in the house. Hurricane hotline is seven in the studio because naturally they can't go to a restaurant that's like a tourist. World Series game number four, nine o'clock fall, but it can't be in show probably in the wee hours of the morning. This is new Roger. Want a lottery pop little boy? Grab hold of your yamacash and get ready for a Broadway show. You want one a pass over? It's Pildland roof as you've never hated before starring Roger O'Dowell. If I were a single. Y'all a little bit, little bit, little bit, little bit, little bit, little bit, little dumb. Owl and water said, yet to me, if I were a dress I'd drink. And hardly by your sting. Let's make a match later and make me a match. I like to pitch so he'd let a catch. Holy, girl, help her fish. Roger and Harvey, even singer Fiddler on the roof the well already. Don't lie, son, dad. Don't lie, son, dad. For a waste, for a game. And even though I could win a match. And here is one shot that you'll pay. Fire is so changed, tender, it almost is in kosher. Don't miss, Rosie O'Dowell and Harvey by your sting. And here's Pildland roof. There you go, and not our simcustorals. I'm a little special for you. It's one pretty one at QAM. I'm looking for updates on a four-later day or four can't find nothing. And you know, last two days, we haven't put on our partners, their channel six. Not even for one moment during the show. They're not giving us any useful crime. I don't know if they're giving us anything over the phone, but we can't pick them up without the cable on the TV's here in the building. I see to put their audio on as we could. What about the channel's seven stations? I don't have to say that. I don't have to say that. They're very far out of the way. The episode doesn't make my day, but they'll probably be on the other side. There's a hit for the other. The other has been the stations, the fences, and many places because of the win. He's not saying anything about it. Who is that? That was jab. Oh, that was your fat. I scoured our couldn't get rid of that. I'm like mumbling. He was mumbling. He can't explain him, man. He's a loser, and he's people in Florida just near. I don't know what it is, but those people that continue being blighted by his BS, I don't know what what to deal is. Maybe no one is to plan and would blow or something. I don't know what to deal with all about this. I don't hear how any we could use her. Anything. Yeah. It blows. Don't panic about bird flu state top officials. I got it. I'm not that's the thing now worldwide. That's just US, but it's like getting everybody into a total panic. People shouldn't panic about a puzzle influenza pandemic. Despite the steady spread of a deadly strain of avionthule among humans, leading health officials and politicians said yesterday. You follow that? I got it. More than 60 people in Southeast Asia have died of bird flu in the avion of break has made its way to Europe. Experts say the world is overdue for flu pandemic and predict the most likely cause will be an animal strain which mutates. They're straining it. Despite increasing public nervous's Margaret Chan assistant director general the WHO said the general population should remember it's relatively hard to catch bird flu. We're not in a pandemic yet. I don't want the community to have unnecessary anxiety. She told Reuters in the interview. Chan and Canadian officials said the publisher understand there are clear differences between avionthlu seasonal flu and a pandemic which could kill tens of millions. We're taking very drastic actions to reduce the risk of avion influenza. Minimumals in birds said Chan was an auto-wedd or less major national conference yesterday on combining future pandemics. Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin told delegates that the global fight against the flu pandemic could be undermined if government still would have remained Hispanic and even of widespread fatalities. Speaking of Paul Martin by the way, the Canadian government is pondering soon the gun manufacturers in the US because of the recent epidemic of gun shoe and crimes here in Ontario. Yeah, I think they're good luck. There they're no they're starting to butcher up now they're not putting up with any more of this crap. It's not just the software lumber thing. Now they're starting to like it. It really pissed off. Like Cretchen was with Bush. Among the most profound challenges we face is communication with our own citizens public fear and bad information, I'll could easily snowball into panic Martin said last thing we need is people panicking. Okay. It would complicate our collective response to a pandemic immeasurably magnified's potential impact. Our best antidote will be clear honest and consistent as assessment of the risk we face. The ability to swiftly gather information to speak with one voice in frank and constructive terms early and continuously in English or French he said. He's a fraud by the way, do you know that? I do that. Paul Martin. Lincoln is Jacques Martin, a coach of the panthers. Panthers one last night, four to three overtime in Pittsburgh, we still have a one game and a panther again said he's been in a postpone at the macro women. Thousands of attacked in Portrait Farmers demonstrated in Northeastern City some two day demanding action against irrational fear over bird flu, which is international consumption of chicken by more than half. David Butler Jones, Canada's public health officer said Avian Fluids shown no signs yet of turning into a human virus and warned against stockpiling anti-viral drugs like Tamiflu. That's what we do see in general pandemic, which we have not. We don't know for sure to understand a viral little bit of fact to be told in his conference. A pandemic of influenza could be in one year. It could be in 20 years. Martin said a panedemic would require unprecedented coordination and cooperation among countries. Our planning and preparation for a pandemic will in our human body help to put us in a better position to respond to other emerging diseases, to natural disasters and threats of bioterrorism will make face to the future we said. A vaccine against future flu pandemic won't be available until scientists identified the exact strain. Next thing in health minister, Julio Frank said the best way to ensure sufficient vaccines in a pandemic was to transfer the necessary technology now to nations like Mexico, India, China and Brazil. Oh boy, that Southeast Asian, that whole deal over there, man. I think they're eating a little bit too much raw dog these days. Holden and I'm not in Ontario, California is not going to be too happy about that. Maybe that way is taking away his buddies. Okay, and before I do any more of these, because you're pushing me on this crap. Well, now what else do we want to repeat here? Since you are trying to be a little bit useful, I don't know about the pass out from the heat. Really? Well, we've got the way to see you. I didn't know they were kind today. I'm looking for updates and updates. I got nothing absolutely nothing more about the four-loaded in Hollywood Airport. My premier port is open, not a full schedule, but I must begin back to a fairly normal faster and anticipated. I got called in and said, I don't know if this is true, but I got called in and said that the Fort Loretta Airport will be open tomorrow. The reason it's not open today is because nobody can pick up the people. There's no gas for the cabs, buses and all that stuff. I don't know if anybody want to pick up the people. Yeah, I mean, if there were people there, how the hell they're going to get out of there. What does it mean? Meaning, cabs, buses need gas, nowhere to get that. So, hello? Hello? Yeah, you're there here at us? Hello? What just happened here? Uh-oh. Yeah, I'll call somebody. Oh boy. What's going to be faster? I'm going to go to a place. I'm going to find kettle of fish because I'm not here nothing from down there. I haven't got the foggy idea. I'd go to a break. I'll go off here. Can't get in my air. Cheek double your phone. How many drugs did you take? Cheek double your phone. They must have a fucking surprise. You get your pamphlets grab your ringtone. Because you're daddy a bitch of good shine. Cheek double your phone. Here's another million from the middle of it. You want to be the president. Leader of the back. Remember of the youth of the earth. You're a baby power man. You've got enough money to make it. You have the country for a party to play. Cheek double your phone. I've got a gift like a pair for today. You want to touch my phone. You want to get boneless. You want to touch my hand. I'll go home. You'll be my boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a fight as well. You're a fighting today. The only one who offers his weight. It's a global gift and we decorate. So go ahead and let's go. You're a boy. When you hear the same song of the same day. Open your mouth. How many trials is this day? You're a boy. You're a boy. Okay, well, the original is I'm still here. The bad news is I can't hear a damn damn. I'm just a shitting you author. I'm just cutting this thing down. I want to waste my battery on here in your stuff. And anyway, 14 go to and just in the middle of a sentence. They're Joshua. But it's a period and that was it. That was the only order. It's obviously somebody that he looked at here. They're dealing over there on the end of the situation on the phone lines. Which shouldn't be surprised. It's a miracle that we've been on at all. Hey Neil. And of course, clearance went. But it would be. But I like that. Well, engineering people are busy working out of the things. Right. I'm sure they are. I can imagine what's. Hello, we have some of the stuff that I've got. And then I'm going to get out of here. Right. Neil wears take under. We've got more coming up at two o'clock. Maddog at four hurricane hotline in the studio at seven because everybody else is screwed up outside. World Series game four nine o'clock in the end of the camp. And after the world's serious probably ends tonight. Unfortunately. Anyway, Broward County has been approved for FEMA assistance for both small businesses and individuals. The number to call is 1 800 621 33 62 1 800 621 FEMA. I've got to save all your receipts because FEMA assistance is only for reimbursement. It was announced at the Broward Emergency Operations Center this morning. MPNL says they hope to have power restored by seven years from Sufus. Okay. It's not looking really great. A majority of Broward by November the eighth. Today is October 26 that's five. That's 13 days. Just shy at two weeks. A majority of Broward by November 8th. And every one in the county will be back on. By November 15. Lynn Shattis of FNL says 10,913 people are working on restoration. From it's St. Lucy County South into Miami. And I can give the ice and water stuff again, but I'm not going to do. And I think what you want to do is take like the last couple of minutes. Not that I can hear you. Right. But you can take last couple of minutes and go back with the gas stations in the food again because we've got to get around the pizzas open and how is the stadium diner and a couple of fast food joints. A burger king and a Wendy's in South. Get ready. Josh. You got to go. I'll take the brick a little bit early and then bail on it here because I came here. You at all. Anyway, here's one more column. Frank Rich wrote in the minutes again from a Sunday. Do any of these because we haven't had other fish to fry or else nothing on the year. I'd probably be really good right now. Frank Rich in New York Times on Sunday Carl and Scooter's excellent adventure. He says there were no. All right. We can sell loose in and I'll cut an 911. There was scan pedigon planning for securing the piece of bad stuff happen after Merck invaded. Why exactly did we go to war in Iraq? It's still as impossible to be sure. And this remains the most remarkable thing about the Iraq war. Right from the Yorker journalist George Packer, a missing tentative liberal supporter of the invasion and his essential new book, The Assassins Gate, American Iraq. Even a former Bush administration state of Abba and official was present at the war's creation. Richard Haas tells Mr. Packer that he's expected to go to his grave not knowing the answer. Maybe with the lead investigation I've reached in its climax and Washington continues to offer big clues. We don't know yet whether Scooter Leather Crowe wrote his committed accruing the more we learned about their desperate efforts to take down a bit player like those of Wilson. Before we learned about the real secret, they wanted to protect the Y of the war. To piece that story together, you have to follow each man's history before the invasion of Iraq before anyone ever heard of Valerie Plain Wilson. Let alone lecture identity as the CIA officer. It's not an accident that Mr. Leather Crowe's very difficult trajectories, one of Washington policy intellectuals, the other of Texas political operative, would collide before Patrick Fitzgerald's grand jury. They're very different men who play different White House rules but they're bound to get the now by the sort and shared past that the Wilson Affairs exposed. And Mr. Rose case, let's go back to January 2002 by then the post-time level war in Afghanistan and succeed in submission overthrow the Taliban and done so with minimal American casualties. And a proffola speech to the Republican National Committee, Mr. Rose for the first time openly advanced the idea that the war on terror with the path to victory for that November's midterm elections. Candidates can go to the country on the issue we said because voters trusted the Republican Party to a better job of protecting and strengthening the America's military might, and thereby protecting America. It was an early taste of the rhetoric that would be used eventually to smear any work critics as unpaid periodic. But there are unspoken impediments to Mr. Rose plan they certainly knew about. Afghanistan was slipping off the radar screen of American prisons, most grandiose objective to capture Osama bin Laden dead or live hadn't been achieved. How do you run on a war if the war looks as if it's shifting into neutral and the number one evil to raise the scape. Harley had missed a row given his speech and posted it to the first erosion of the initial near universal endorsement of the administration of response to 9.11. A survey emerged 2002 found that while 9.10 Americans still back to war on terror at the 6 month anniversary of the attacks, support were an expanded long term more than 5.2%. Then came a rapid barrage of unhelpful news for a political campaign pouted on supposed Republican superiority and protecting America. The first report that the Bush administration had lost bin Laden's trail in tour aboard December 2001 by not committing ground proofs down and down. The first indications that intelligence above in Laden's desire to hijack airplanes, barely caught in prison and Bush's obviously 2000 on Crawford vacation. The public accusations by an FBI whistleblower, calling Raleigh, that higher officer repeatedly shackled Minneapolis agents investigating the so-called 20 of hijackers, Aquarius, and the selling that is before 9.11. These revelations strip their tool by Memorial Day 2002, a USA today full of fondances for what the US was winning the war on terror, a steep drop from the roughly 2.30 holding that conviction in January. Mr. Rob could see that an un-talabied and largely underground war against terrorists might not nail elections, if he's the result of shock and awe, it was a permission to propel dog or her. Enter a scooter stage right, as James Mandy tells him his definitive group of, prepared rise to the Vulcans. Mr. Levy had been joined into the hit with the Cheney and Falwell for what since their service in the defense of Robert Bush 41, where they conceived the neocon manifesto for the buildup and exercise of unilateral American military power after the Cold War. Before Bush 43 took off, as they became fixated on Iraq, though for reasons having much to do with their ideas about relining the states in the Middle East and the Middle or nothing do with the stateless terrorism of Al Qaeda. Mr. Boots, the stains such intervention is one running against Al Gore, but he embraced the cause once in office. One other's might have had ideas American military commanders testified before Congress above the troops and equipment of March 2003. The path was clear for war in Iraq to service the political vile where the Mr. Rob needed for the election year. But here it was an impediment. There had to be a why for that invasion. The very why that today can seem so elusive that Mr. President calls Iraq the Russia monovores. Abstract and have a debitable neocon notions of marching to Baghdad to make the Middle East say for democracy and make more secure for Israel would never fly with American voters as a trigger for war or convince him the situation was relevant to the fight against those who attacked us and American's House Adam was a despid mass murderer. That itself was also an insufficient to ignite a popular groundswell for regime change. For all of the summer, but still it was an utter utter. If we went in alone for Roman Bush to get what they wanted most planned that midterm election victories and for Mr. Olivia and Mr. Cheney give what they wanted most of war in Iraq for reasons pre-dating 911. They realized they're going to war for going to war and to be replaced by official more scalable ones. We wouldn't be invading Iraq to further robbing domestic policies or neocon ideology. We'd be doing so instead because there was a direct connection between Saddam and Al Qaeda. And because Saddam was under virtue of attacking America with nuclear weapons. The fact that an intelligence had to be fixed to create these wise. Any country to re-evident said to be dismissed or suppressed. Mr. Olivia and Cheney were in the point of room of the disinformation factory. The vice president's respetitive hyping of son of nuclear ambitions in the summer in fall of 2002 as well as his persistence advertising bogus Saddam kind of tries were fed by the As we know from any journalist of the accounts, Cheney and would be built their case by off and making an end run around the CIA, State Department and Tuggets had defense intelligence agencies. Their ally and chair-picking and Tuggets was a similar cover of new consulates led by Douglas Fight that the Pentagon. This is what Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson then secretary of state policy wartime chief to staff was talking about last week when he publicly chargedized the Cheney Rumsal Kabaul for soy potential disaster in Iraq, North Korea and Iran. Joseph Wilson wasn't a player in these insulted circles. He was a footnote who began to speak out loudly only after Saddam had been toppled and the mission Iraq had been accomplished, supposedly. He challenged just one element of the WMD evidence, the Iranian that Saddam's government had supposedly been seeking an effort at a few words ominous mushroom clouds. But based on what we know about Mr. Olivia and Mr. Rose hysterical over response to Wilson's accusation, he scared him silly. He did so because they had something to hide. Should Mr. Libby and Rose have lied to investigators or a grandeur in their panic, fits she'll bring charges. But that crime would see may misdemeanor next to the fables that day their bosses fed the nation and the world is to the rise for invading Iraq. Not to mention the 2000 get Americans of course. Okay, see you tomorrow. I'm here, is Neil Rogers. This is a great night. By 60, oh how did it happen? See that? I'm happy. We played at the rock and roll. Pump up you, sir, got my show. Who is that? That's green seal. Dancing in the dark. That ain't no sense in the dark. That has arrived often. Here. Here. Hands on the dark. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Next, when men were men and women with taxi did. And then a worried man has their figure on a postcard. Who? Never mind your boron. And join in me today in a very spatial guest. This man's like a con! To me, the derivative of the bull. Then William. And they've said, what do you know what he is saying? Oh, I'm just rolling merely along. Sorry. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Busy. I keep them busy. I work at a bowling alley's cleaning ball return machine. Those fingers taste so bad. I'm glad I don't have a many more. You're not any more, he says. Any more? Oh, doctor. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. Hutter the noise. That's your Riot. Not provoos to pop in. Thanks for the heads up, dead. Good boy. Got to change these songs. Hey Josh, I don't want to read anything to you. Oh look what's wrong on this Right. Go ahead and throw it to Todd for the sports update. We got one minute till 2 and maybe one of us has anything to say He'll be out there Figuraries have these four trillion five sixies