If it's free it's me I'm not my way to the call and I pull my holding mask and I'll give a free condo face I said the boy in the back of the house. Why you leave? I got a whole new spoiled old fool. I know everything that's going on with Dado's. Why I even know was a new my job rule. I'm hit to the giant daddy. I know I have no way play when they drop a voice Trans Wait stay I know by the way, I have a safe trip to Toronto, Ginger, be safe. Yeah, after me four and a half years to figure out what most problem wasn't finally done to me at the dentist yesterday. He suffers from a really bad case of ginger virus. Anyway, it's a 10-old one. What's this? Oh, boy, there's something really a stinks rotten here. It was the 1958, is what I looked at. That's okay, hangs to the big rush, he's going to get out to the airport. How come they couldn't play like a comedy bit at the end of the film at the time? Like what? Like what? I would have been more than happy to loan him one. I would like, like for example, like that. But the question never less. Anyway, let's just see what we had yesterday. We had 19, every 50 votes on a 40-year student. If I'd left it up there right till 10, we'd have way over 2000. That's pretty impressive. Impressive. When you say, oh, I could say it way better. Do it. It's not worth it. No, no, no. Which of the following trend restaurants is the best place to get a decent meal. No fast food, joints will do that in the separate poll like in about seven years. Cheesecake factory 307. Outback to 94, man. They were like neck and neck, no, is to no. In Rootschrist steakhouse, which got a really late start, 177. See, I never put Rootschrist on this particular poll because I was thinking more of like more pedestrian places where, you know, you know, yeah, it's a little unfair to what. That most slippers could probably go eat as opposed to Rootschrist where you have to mortgage the house, but it's well worth it, boy. It's really good. But anyway, Rootchrist 177, flanagan's 125. I'll be damned. I may have to come back to town just to try a flanagan's. I doubt it. No? Well, I doubt you will. I mean, it's fine. I don't want to go through this again, but then in Joshua started to know it's a restaurant at Barrel. What is it? It's a barrel. Hey, by the way, Josh, nice job. It was Marlon's last night. What am I supposed to say, anybody? Boy, he is certainly. Boy, he's certainly. Surely you don't have to dig a person. I mean, you didn't piss these last three games. I might be like, I said, yes, I might as well have. God. At least they're consistent though, you know, 11 on Tuesday, 11 on Wednesday. They won't give up any day because they got the day off. I think we should just force it because they would just be nine enough. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, nine is it. That's true. Then you don't have to be had a serve at the investment. Just say their team is protesting and the team is having a fit of old age or whatever. And they just just let the braves have it. Graves already clenched, right? Yeah, they already got it. So that's already done. It's meaningless games. Why should I take a chance to invite getting hurt? Or anybody else getting kicked off the team? Houston's 98, Chile's 92, Karabas 74, Cracker Brawl 74. Karabas for what everybody would say is they must be really good. Must be the one you say later? I have not. Yeah, I eat there all the time. Really? I do. I'll be damned. And you have to pay for it? Well, my buddy happens to be a chef there, but. I still got it. I still got it. I don't want to go to my team. I'll get out of here. You're a really great. We're not paying for meals. Hail how 69. McRoney, grill 63 moved up fairly nicely. All the one I see, Cracker Brawl. I can't come in a Cracker Brawl because I never ate there. It's just not right. I think Rackerel is hot because you know how when you take a road trip, your options are limited. Yeah, like Stupies, right? Cracker Brawl is the best place that you could possibly stop at on a road trip to get. Well, I'll be damned. Party, you know, like pot roast dinner or meatloaf or something. Well, I'm pleased to just put some of the students had 98 and of all of guard, which was right after McRoney, he'll grill 150. So Houston's thank goodness for that. Reinforces my faith in something. Roadhouse 46, bonfish, mill 45, the red lobster 41. Feb. Top 36, Boston Market and TGI Friday, 35 of peace. Tony a home must 34. Longhorns, they've house had 32 vote. Apple beast 28. Hovers 25. Now, that's a place that's a hooter bar with the food. Sonny's 23, La Carreta had 20. Where's Las Vegas? Oh, La Carreta passed him out even though George says, see, you don't know your Cuban stuff. That's right. That's why the Cuban state you like to do. You just, you're a turncoat. La Carreta is a big chain that's all over the place. It's a bit, no. To go with nearly as good as Las Vegas, which is perfect. Benavins 19, Smokey won't say 18, then he's 18. The melting pot 17, Las wages 15, time with Ruby 2 days only 15. Pizza 10. See, I would disagree with that. I mean, pizza does not, I wouldn't prefer that for pizza, but it's really not that bad. No comment. I hopped and Bobby, Bobby from the worst seven. Come on. Pizza hot, it's, uh, then those Pepsi people are so fond of. Right? Now I love Pepsi, uh, but nevertheless. Now what is this, frankly, just, I mean, this is from a Leonard, who obviously is doing very heavy drugs this morning. It says vice president Bush's drug addict son would be a two-term president for the poll. I assume that's the bad for it. Oh, I see for the poll. Oh, I thought this was just a, a rain on fire. That's already kind of on there with the neo-nots. 20 years ago, would have been, uh, I would have been 85. So that's right. Bush, that Bush won, Bush 41, whatever you want to come. Uh, that is drug addict. It's going to be a term to, to term president. Put that on there. I think it's good. I'll get a lot of vote on today's poll. Okay. Without further ado, we'd be fortunate about my latest bad movie that I wasted time watching. I stand in the good news. His George also saw it and agreed that it was sucked. And I thought it's, see, this can be like another free public service of the show. Is that we warn you about really bad bad movies. So that it'll waste your time, right? Watch it when it comes on a cable or, uh, God forbid going out and running or buying a CV, the DVD. It's an important service considering how short life is. Right. I mean, you've only got so many hours, you know, on a big clock in the sky. You've only got so many hours that the Lord's got a sign for you. And, of course, when your time is up, is they like to say, That's it. That's it. But it would put a big amount of being. And that's it. So why would you have one of waste an hour and a half? How long was this flick that I watched it before I tell you what it was? Didn't say on here. Too long. It was like three minutes. It was too long. Anyway, today's poll. I've got a lot of facts this in yesterday. In fact, I preempted the law I was going to do because I like this one so much. This one is a beautiful poll. If someone had told me 20 years ago that blank fill in the blank, I never would have believed it. And I saw that immediately. Thought that's a dang good. Can you imagine all the possibilities in there? Right. So here's what we got so far. 335 votes. My God, it's only 10. We haven't done the first break it. We got 10. And 35 votes. Hallelujah, man. What a great idea that Eric had by putting that poll back on the top. Right, Josh? Right. We really, how we survived. That would be good poll also. Who was more of an impediment? Rimmer or Eric? Just joking, Eric, relax. He is so uptight. Anyway, if somebody told me 20 years ago that government would be stolen by neo-Nazis, and everybody would believe the 121. The Gams would be three bucks a gallon, 56. Water would be selling for a bucket serving when the little bottles, 41. I'd be stuck in South Florida and radio music would suck this bad our time with. But third man. That we all have cell phones, 21. That neo-Rages would still be on a radio 18 that old koot. But there would be 700 TV channels 18. And that to be movies on DVD has got, oh, and you're right. Nobody surprised by that because we've had this evolution of sound in the video from a, you're always taking. Old real-to-real table. Actually, before that, we had the Edison cylinder and real-to-right tape, and then we had like a cassettes, and we had the eight tracks. And we had the VHS and Veda in about two minutes. And then, of course, we've gone to DVD. And one of these days, it's DVD, DVD, DVD. Right. And then nothing. Then just storage. We are storage. Well, we already got that kind of on your DVD with your DVR and PVR. We do this storage. That's going to take over and there's not going to be any, like. It's not referred later on. Maybe right after the show is I'm launching it a little bit. I might watch that great CVC documentary. Big shiver that was on last night's night. I was like, was on, huh? I needed to teach you how to burn DVDs on your computer. Why do I want to do that? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Anyway, last night, I actually would be much more productive thing than watching that horrible movie. I came across last night. I wanted my 80's sitting in channels, you know, where there's nothing on. I mean, you know, I could have watched a Marlon game. And it said 11,000, some odd last night. I was like, what would you say about 3,000? Not even. No. You know, something I can't blame anybody for that. The way they're playing, they're playing. We can have who would want to blame anybody for having. Yeah, I wouldn't go avoiding the punishment. Unless it was your job and you were getting fed free food all day. Don't get fed free food. No, I think they've done something with a 7 bucks. Yeah, that's right. Well, I'll tell you one thing is we look back on this season. It may not have been as successful as we thought. When you think of all the free food that are audience brought you up in the press box. Just at one time, right? Right. Troy. Yeah. It was a client kind of. Yeah. It wasn't just a pedestrian list. It was a client who was trying to suck up Troy from balance for life. I didn't bring any public in who she would buy the real feast. He's a good guy. He's coming up, uh, keep coming up to the booth. Which is kind of surprising because that was Troy strafford's account. So the fact that he actually had a good guy put up with Troy. Troy is in there this morning before the show, he was somewhere to dance about how he's been hired by Comcast. And he's going to be doing some high school football. He's going to be doing the color on it. It's said when someone, I don't know what color. He's going to be the color guy. So nice going Troy here. Yeah. Something he can not now. I know why he comes in every morning to kiss my ass because I'm the one that put him on the map. I've made him what he is today. A bald headed ex-joc. Flunky sales guy. But he's moving up in the world. He's becoming like a bald cast. Now what was I just, oh, about this horrible movie. He happened. Well, I'm, I must confess to those who ingredients that got me hooked and I realized that I'm not the only one. Louise Fletcher was in it which I love the least. She was so great as nurse, so ranched in the cook was nice. She also played Watson and she played that and what her name was in actresses. Yeah, whatever her name was. The mother. And she was also, I think, in, um, Oh, man, Troy or something like that. She wasn't the mother in the actresses. What is it? She wasn't the mother in the actresses. What was she? She wasn't in the actresses. That was somebody else. No, she was an actresses, too, or, oh, okay. Not the mother. Who might have been to play the mother? I don't know. I forget. Yeah, you do for a Watson name from, uh, Requiem for a dream. Ah, ah. Oh, come on. I don't even want to know this. You're the one that's supposed to still be living in breathing on the old fart. That's what I smoke a lot of it. I'm the scene now old fart who's a 20 years past Alzheimer's. Come on. Requiem for a dream. I don't know. Jennifer Conley, Jared Lito and. Ah. Okay. Anyway, this movie. So I got hooked because of least lecture was in. She was, I think, an exorcist two or three. The one with Richard Burton that was really so bad. She was just, but she was great as Miss Ratchet and, uh, she's a great actress. She has unfortunately taken a lot of bad rules. So this will be she was in it and also there was this, so these two teenagers are very good. Ellen Burst who played the mother of any exorcist and of course played the Sarah. Sarah Golds Barb in the Requiem for a dream. I love Ellen Burst and two anyway. I guess we would have to do the break. I'm not having that crossover really throws me off and then starting two minutes early. And I tell you what thing I'm putting in for some overtime heavy duty for this. This is real Roger. This is five 16. No. Pick up those checkered pants in celebration of Black History Month. CBS television proudly presents 16 average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the most unprodiving places on earth. It's Survivor Company who will survive the drive by Vogue. As a two tribes. And my baby daddy is company for the immunity bling bling. And not get voted off the. The bylor by a two and a half white man on CBS. Do you ever die to vote on a poll? Take a few. Can that and that's not bad. It's only 10 17 feels like a noon already done that. Yes. I don't like that early start kind of jazz but nevertheless you know being the team players that we are. Before we get to that awful movie. Here's another good one for the full. I like this if someone told me 20 years ago that people would still be glorifying Elvis. I never would have believed it. Right. People would still be glorifying Elvis to king the queen whatever it was. Or he just would mama till he was like 40. And she was about 85. Yeah. Well Elvis would probably tell the answers to that if he were still alive. Let's say Jim says here's one for the thing today. Inspired by the study of program today. Who is the squeakyist? Oh that's a poll I see. Who is the squeakyist? Black Sea girl. Tommy. It says the beast is out of squeaky. What's on the beast being squeaky to do? Squeaky queen maybe. Yeah. Josh. Clarence. She actually didn't call him that. Clarence said that he gets a little squeaky at times. By the way, if he looked at horses and horses and horses and horses and horses and horses and Oregon, but Brownie, you know I haven't Jim but I'll take a look at it later on. Let's see who told me 20 years ago that mommy would have hockey. Are they do? Oh. Okay. Guess he's talking about the Panthers. Hockey team. Let's do a hockey show. Oh. So let me tell you about this great movie the anniversary party. Well that was two days ago. So many bad movies and so many bad movies and so many bad movies. That was really bad. And of course, garden state was awful. Which I think that's still on right now. If I could just find a damn channel for that. I could put that on. Put it. I put it all the sleep. Go after charge. Put your back into a coma. No thanks. We're going to hell is it. Gardens state. That's over with. You looked out. So bad. awful. But worse than any of those, far away, flowers in the attic. I started to say before. I so weirdly interrupted myself that Louis Fletcher was in. And so that gave me the hook. And then of course there was that teenage. There was four kids who got locked up in the in a room in the attic in a whole field by mother, bitch. And I don't think it was a true story at all. It was based on a book by VC Andrews. I don't think it was a true. Okay. But anyways, so the teenage pair, the grill, there was something there for everybody. There were like about 19. I would say probably supposed to be a little bit younger than that. But I would say good like 19, 20ish. And she was real protein. He was real protein. And she was kind of caught my eye and Louise Fletcher. I thought even though it's said on the bottom on the info, it had only two stars. I'm not paying too much attention to their stars anymore because if a garden stick to your four stars, I mean, you know, what the, what the stars mean. So I walked flowers in the attic. I say much to my this man. I got almost from the very beginning. And if there's anybody in the audience who hasn't seen it, don't. Right. Old movie. November 23rd, 87. Here's a great review. Washington Post, staff writer Richard Harrington. It makes you feel so good when you find a review that agrees wholeheartedly with yours. And in Georgia, read too. Flowers in the attic is slow, stiff, stupid and senseless, a film utterly lacking in motivation development and nuance and further mark by embarrassing flat acting and directing. All I can say of that is you are. Absolutely correct. The only possible reason for its existence has to be new world pictures hope that some of the four million people who bought the late VC Andrews book will flock to see it on the screen. Some 60% of that original audience with teenage girls and at the theater where they screening was caught, the audience did consist largely of teenage girls and young women. But even they seem stunned by this year and after two to the filmmakers. As a feeble, I'm not growing up in assuming responsibilities for one's life and whose book had much to recommend, including solid workmen like work women like writing. But the screenplay by Jeffrey Bloom will also directed seems to have been written in crayon. He'd like to have made it a shining, but I don't care why this is going down as a shiner. This was supposed to be directed by the way by West Crayon. It's what all the posters said when his movie came out 18 years ago. But then Jeffrey Bloom came in West Crayon probably said you handle this piece of crap. After an ideal family intro worthy of Stephen Spielberg, handsome father, gorgeous mother, two teenage years and twin types, tragedy strikes, eliminating the father forcing a suddenly penniless mom, Victoria Tenant, to take the kids to granddad's house with surged out to me as big as Buckingham Palace only secluded, but she's never mentioned the grandparents to the kids at a apparently vice-versy. Seems granddad's dying and has already cut her out of his will after disapproving the marriage in her family as it was. Grandmother Louise Fletcher's convinced the kids are the devil's spawn, though they looked just like your average television sitcom group. To keep them a secret she and mom locked them in the attic pretty much for good while mom tries to win back granddaddies, love and of course the inheritance. In the book it all makes sense, but don't look for similar sense in Bloom's film especially if you never read the book. His script offers no clues, no definition, no evolution, worse nobody seems to least been motivated to do anything including escape movie patrons accepted. When it down Bloom is Earth to such hurry cliches as long shots of the house in the state were in Charles Adams country and that wordless, tooless singing that's supposed to imply insanity, spare me please. Poor Tenant's absolutely ridiculous is the mother looking to obliterate her past and Fletcher should talk to her agent about these stereotype evil roles in which she's become increasingly tedious. As for the kids, the insurably cute twins Lindsay Parker and the curly herd Ben Ganger, who actually looks like the heart-lover marks his son and those bec sure some of the term teens, Christie swans and Jeff Stewart Adams and 1d to why it takes them 6 months to figure out that something is not quite right. It looks like old Jeff's a strong synopsis while maybe he's his dumb as one too and maybe that attic which is as big as a condo and furnished like a mosa gallery of imagination isn't such a bad place to be. However any theatre plane this movie most definitely is. And one point one of the kids complains that all the money in the world isn't worth a living that we've lost a sentiment sure to be shared by anybody's friends a half a dozen bucks What a great review, huh? What was that person, I'm gonna? Richard Harrington and Washington Post. All right, November 22, 1987. How many QAM hello? Yeah, I just got back from Rome, maybe. How many QAM hello? Yeah, sir. That's three great good ones for the poll. The three, okay? Yeah, one would be 20 years about what and know the dolphins look so perfect. Okay. Number two would be if Polkner will be so popular, and my third one is Michael Jacksonville Whitewellman. Okay, not bad. It's pretty good to be attractive. How about that we have a Nazi Pope? Well, no, I knew that was. Oh, it's gonna happen. R.A. Four hundred and eleven votes is not even ten thirty. Boy, we are really, you just smoke in here, we had a roll with his all about. Smoke in the rear, we're good stuff. Five six, seven, five, sixty. There must be eighty Zijan things you could put in this poll, but they're a little bit slow. Five six, seven, five, sixty. The Verizon and Singular Wilder's line. You'll be pleased to know Miguel, I'm sure it'll be very pleased. And also little Tommy Jicko, I guarantee you sitting right there by the edge of the radio. Doing a tap dance in his pants. I don't have, you know, there's not much going on. You know, the time to lay thing, what does he say? That'll play out, you know, I'm saying. Yeah, well, I'd like to say, you got a few little bit of a pile here, but not a big pile. So we probably can think about seventy, eighty thousand calls between now and two. Yeah, I think it'll be really good. I'm sure like line nine. WQAM. What, no? Yes, sir. I don't want free poll, man. All right. That property in South Florida, would be what this much money. Okay. Kind of hold on. I don't understand it. Okay. Damn it. Kind of boring. Like I said, we'll put it on here. It's really boring. Huh? Yeah, but. We have a true, who the, who the fuck would you 20 years ago that property that, like a shit on a sweet corner somewhere we were with about 400,000 right now. Who would have thought that? Effective we didn't know that. I wouldn't be here right now. Got any QAM? Hello. Neil, I was going to go. Yes, sir. I got one for you poll, but less guys just saw my thunder, but I'd say that poker would be on TV. You have thought that, though. The guy said, just two calls back. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Well, I'll see you in the last guy took this guy's, so he's directing his region. The poker would be on TV. That people would be watching poker on TV. Hey, if they watch golf, they'll watch anything. Yeah, I would say that watching cards is a hell of a lot more saying than golf. At least there's colors. Plus, nobody gets wet. Well, WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. Neil, for the poll, I have that. Someone would want to up Joe Ford as a super-disposed and in US history. Okay. And that'd be W. Okay. All right, take care. See, they want to put a lot of, you know, which is, how do I want to just change the poll and put just everything on your vanshing board to read a little problem. I want to have a more on, and we have an illiterate thing. We have an illiterate thing. Dufus lying, db is dangerous, yad yad yad yad all these things. Yeah. But, you know, put whatever you want on your job. Yeah, it's already on it. It's in your hands. 421 vote and they even 10 30. So let's take a look at that award winning. Mr. Ginger Vitis has come along with two. Mohour David did that. The doors are back in time. It just sends me into another dimension. Another intimate, the eighth dimension. Marla Maddaga, for a 630, got your Marlins on. No, that's yesterday. I'm on a wrong page. We don't want to have no barlin games. Sorry. You're going to get a reprieved. I'm sorry. 4-7-3 hours for the Maddaga. Now we're talking some heavy duty. Boy, baseball season coming to a close. He's going to have to go into training for doing three hours. Hurricane Hotline at 7 at Bernie Cosa, our state thousand South Miami. The beast at Bernice from 9 to 10 with his, the Hurley King Crap. And at Kaplan tended to kind of a pristine schedule. This is a new Roger's. I saw it this is 516A. And I'm out of my doubt. 560. Oh, how did it become? See that? I'm happy. We played at the rock at Roll. Oh, you were there, got my show. So what is that? That's green tea. That's the new star. So the bad. That ain't no sense within the dark. Get that treasure I opened. Hey, kids, they said it or not. How did it all? I did it all. Bernice, you did it all. That's what they made. And we didn't. We'd taxied it. And then it worked. They picked it on a postcard. And the mind got baronic. They had joined me today in the very spatial guest. This man's like a god to me. The innovative of the bull. They said William. Hey, Ted, what do you know? What do you say? Oh, I'm just rolling my early along. Pizzy, are you keeping busy? I worked at a bowling alley's cleaning ball return machine. Those fingers taste so bad. I'm glad I don't have a many more. Yeah, that's any more he said. Any more? Oh, god, that. You. You. You. You. You. Hey. But you're right. Not produce the poppin. Just. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Hey. Hey. Thanks for the heads up, Ted. What's the dooderoid? Ben, got a tinksy socks. 1033, 20, this time before 11 at 5, CCWC, here's a good one. If somebody had told you 20 years ago that Rick Sances would still be on here. I'm seeing an endoless. You just said no way Jose. I don't know if Sances are still beyond TV. Got that. Got it. 453 votes and it's just barely 10 30. Man, we are kicking big smelly. A butkist. 459. Some of it told me 20 years ago that the government would be still in my Nazis. 152. The gas of the three bucks a gallon. 69. That water would be sold for a buck of serving. 52. Actually, they were show last night on that. We'll be sugar. What's the name of the movie? Big sugar. On TVC. They were shown in schools. And the venue machines. It's a buck and a half for a bottle of water. And only a buck for a soda. Which is part of the scam. I think sugar people. So in other words, well, you get the picture. That. More encouragement to buy that sugar. That poison. Sugar kills baby. Make no mistake about it. Sugar kills our soup car. That's a good idea. I'm a man. I'd be stuck in South Florida 44. That was Georgia's choice. Yeah. They did 20 years ago. You'd like blown your brains out on the spot. The radio music would be this bad 38. We don't have cell phones 28. That was mine. George W. Bush would be present for two terms 24. But Neo Rodgers would still be on the radio 22. That there would be 700 TV channels 19. That Florida would have a hockey team. And of course, we got a pair for property value in South Florida would be so high 3. That the dolphins would suck so bad too. That the dolphins would be so popular one. That people would still be glorifying Elvis one. And there would be movies on DVD is got the big. That was also mine. Paul Giusey. That was probably a good one. Paul Giusey. That was five, six, seven, five, sixty. Let's see. Saying they were caught off guard again. By the number of people in need. FEMA officials close a relief center early yesterday. After some of the hundreds of hurricane victims in line began fainting and triple their jadee. They were swoon and over there. The midday closing of the Houston disaster relief center came as an example of financial tenants . officials and areas had hardest byorder. Crisis a repairs response to the storm. With one, calling for E. Clinton . This is the right strategy. Ye beans gone. But they saw some bands that I took care of to see a red Perce. A Breaking School who passed home in measurement. Center when we opened yesterday, the Center Offering Health from our variety government and private organizations initially opened for Katrina refugees. It closed last week when Houston was evacuated before Rita. The line started to form a Tuesday night and his temperatures reached record highs. Some people faded had to be carried off by police and other refugees. Nice going FEMA, man. They're on the chaff of it. They're doing it. They're re-learned by their mistakes. I'd like to take all those FEMA people and sit them down and tie them up and force them to watch Garden State. Wow. Garden State. Pretty hard. Flowers in the attic and the anniversary party all side by each. Let's see if they can survive that. Steve says if somebody told me 20 years ago there would be an internet, I never would believe it. That's the choice. And it's a good one. That we'd have the internet. Thanks to Al Gore. Thank you, Al Gore. Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices. Of course, that should be President of Gore. Since we all know he won the election in 2000 and we still have those ugly visions of them counting those hanging chairs in Florida and cancer in Harris and the juxtapes through that Fed as governor helping steely election for his dumbled brother. Just stop and think about that. Okay, stop and think about that in a week and speaking of scary and public to death, those of us who live through the turning of the millennium. All the underwater is going to stop running and elect us going to go off and we're going to have like a no-nipsy of bombs. They're going to start like picking off. Playing the following out of the same block from the sky. Got a little bit of a little bit of a fall from your home. It's going to be a losing mess. You know, all the computers are going to offline the universe is going to go down all boy. Don't forget the boy. Look, everybody in a panic. What? The boyling oceans don't forget that. The oceans are going to boil and boil. All not again, Red Cross criticized urge to share cash. What I said about the Red Cross. As it's hurricane relief donations there, they won $B in dollar mark more than double all other charities combined. The American Red Cross is in countering sharp criticism of its efforts in mounting fresh and issue of funds with smaller groups. The complaints that Red Cross operations were chaotic in some places, inequitable in others, have stung deeply within an organization that's proud of its overall response to Katrina by a furthermore devastating natural disaster that's confronted on US soil. Their soil over there at the Red Cross. It's frustrating to see thousands of volunteers out there every day away from their families helping people, said, spoke to them and they're for a gold bird. We never said we were perfect. We're just trying to do our best to restoreinary circumstances. The frustration stems partly from the fact that the Red Cross has worked to avoid a recurrence of the humbling fundraising controversy that flared after the 911 attacks. Back then, the Red Cross raised about 1.1 billion. It's record so far for a single disaster. The organization was a sale when donors be legally learned that 200 million there gets to a being your market of a pair for future crises rather than help victims of 911. Red Cross President Bertie and Healy resigned. And money was shifted by wonder if she's related to a Glen Healy or Mary Healy and Paul Lindh, not Paul and Peter Lindhaze. She resigned. The money was shifted back to 911. Liberty Fund in the organization promised great or accountability in future fund-waves in campaigns because of that experience, Goldberg said the Red Cross has determined to use its massive donations for purposes and donors who are asked to support. These including emergency shelter and food plus short-term financial aid, but not long-term recovery rebuilding. Such efforts have never been part of the Red Cross. He said, you know, everything is somebody else's job. They're uncoordinated. They don't talk to each other. The left hand don't know what the right hand is doing. Everybody's point in 16 fingers usually the middle one at everybody else. We found out that the Apollis chief and the mayor and New Orleans were good high school buddies totally both incompetent, unqualified. We found out that all the stories about the people getting raped in shot and dying like creative, swimming like flies inside the astrooma and a convention center were a grotesquely exaggerated. Most of them just made up. All of these things. All of these things. But nevertheless. See, I'm thinking that maybe if they would have just left the men. But now we know why they didn't let the media inside the superdom. You know? Now we know why. So they can just make up any kind of BS that they wanted to. And also so that the media couldn't have shown to the world just how totally unprepared they were and how all these people were sucking in the go to these two locations. And they had no food and no water and just grotesque conditions. And it was like a nightmare, a total nightmare, but nevertheless. So all this business about, hey, have no fear, man. The government was safety. Safety. The government is there to protect you in case of a terrorist attack and case somebody pees in the backyard, whatever it might be, man. Forget about it because they haven't got a freaking clue. This is a meal. But you're going to heck with your eyes, or you can. This is five six six six. Of course they. Oh God, Neil. Goodbye. Next one. Well, you believe that. Don Adams is still alive and loving it. And since pressing two bottles of his favorite animal mix, would you believe he's in robust health? You've been through to the sea. Oh, about Inspector Cadden is a feeling too well. I think I've got a 99. It's the old bit comic who had a hit series with a bad Derby's an a tasked trick. Hello, I'm Bertie Go Bell. And I hope you're sleeping well with my final award. Stuck out of the ocean. This is chaos. We don't get over the right there. It's green. Your emo friend for chaos to take over the white nestle. Number two, they shot. You already have pushing them. You're dead. Oh, sorry about that. Hey, how's he doing? I'm dying on the hand. I've been saying this for years. It just makes me as pleased as punch and proud as a peacock. Whatever that means. I haven't always been saying that it's America today is a celebration of mediocrity. Yeah, you can say that. I'm even example Josh like an evolving. There's a runner on second. God comes to bat. He gets a ground ball to the right side and the runner on second goes to third. He goes, bad, he goes back, he's out. But he goes back to the dog. And they're all high-fiving him for grounding out. Well, it's moving the runner. Yeah, he will be running into score. But I'm going to take something. Ten years ago, 15 years ago, if they did that, and they had people who said, are you crazy? You go just in a ground ball for Christ's sake, you morons. He just had a week ground ball. Yeah. Hey, everybody's high five and they're fist in their wrist and their eye out. I can't say what else they do. I'm going to do it. I'm back to them. Then trip and smirk in Tim Freight's right down the middle. Mediocrity is the new excellence. And he is absolutely. Absolutely correct. God is some right on it. He says, one thing you can say from mediocrity. Lots of people excel at it. The same cannot be said for public service, which has become an assay more on like social security or spot at all. You don't see them around anymore, do you? Lately, I go. I am the dog as we speak at the failure rate of everything done on the public diamond this country. This is exactly what I'm supposed to do. You see, government doesn't work just like they said. Even God has decided to give us a right-pancing. The first MBA present indeed, mediocrity, whereas they sting. Meanwhile, such companies is Hall of Burton Shaw and Bechtel. The same outfits that have made Iraq to playground paradise today. The movement constructed in New Orleans with the same mediocrity that displayed their overseas efforts. Here's the thing about mediocrity, which comes from the old French word for television, derived from the Latin of media's middle and the Greek Ocaris peaker point. Mediocrity means, middling, such as a sea student, for example. But the word has a strongly negative connotation, or I would have found a different word like Schmendrick. See, mediocre might be okay in the service industry, but if you're present at a first-size superpower such as the US, mediocre just isn't good enough, not even for submonners. The Eucharist is Azster, mediocre is only good enough for motion pictures, executives and sports and outsourced and stockbrokers. You can't run the world on mediocre, nor even hall a bunch of people out of a flooded downtown area. And that's the point. When America first topped along, a hail and muddy babe, excellence was the rule. Great men such as Benjamin Franklin, the Thomas Jefferson of Pain, the Thomas Jefferson and Pain, George Washington, Earl Schwartz, rose to the challenge of challenging times, and created a model for statehood so visionary which survived almost 200 years. Great men, the great women they forgot to mention in Great Deeds. Now we're all the similar crossroads in history as often as our splashing beer, my soup-stained cravat. And there are no great men in Paul, Tixamus one includes George Galaway, MP, but he's not one of ours. In America we're first out of greatness, which is just what the New York con movement is after. Hiroh bunch of party hacks, pocket liners, Sica fans and booze, romping the treasury and running up the national credit card, proved to the mediocre minds of the Pauline that government doesn't work. You're doing a heck of a job, Brownie George W. Bush said it was a ped-themed director, which George is standing as low as they are, he probably meant it. It's a brilliant maneuver if it's intentional, but I suspect it's just the same mediocrity that's sinking the country on a quantum scale. Clever but vigorous man and lover, scuttling around behind the wean scuttling dismantling of the government that's so that someday they can have their own feafdoms in the hills of Montana, or whatever rack-painted nonsense they have in mind, not that it will work. They'll just ruin everything for everybody because all the mediocre people that don't have cleverness on their side went along with it rather than it looked like they can't follow orders from their bedders, or whatever rack-painted nonsense to rings their bells, but as mediocrity necessarily advancing, I mean, would only take a handful of people a little extra in the brains department over through these bourgeois odds, right? No. mediocrity can't be controlled away, outright stupidity or genius can. With geniuses, you just give them what they want, a proton or cellar race to research lab of piano, some scratch paper, whatever, and they go do their thing. Really, it's so have a thing, you just tell them about Jesus or a myth or whatever is going around, and they settle right down to what we run to Hollywood squares. The equity on the other hand thinks it's better than you are. Talk radio and table TV in the opinion pages of the big newspapers. You remember those bundles that came wrapped around the Sunday comics are infested bedbugs fashion with mediocrity. Some fool told these people they had an audience next to you and they're brilliant, only they're not, they're still mediocre, but they're in charge. What is to be done? By my book, which only contains a half a dozen truly mediocre pages, but also looks at the margins of society, not my book. Even now above average folks, the front ones of our time are emerging from the stews of the Indian equity and I'm sure they'll do a heck of a job. But you go, one of Benter's can to live in Trip, what do you think? Who? Linda Tripp with that song, you know? Suggestions for today's poll. Here's a fact that's got four. That Hispanics would have number blacks in the USA. Okay? That today would still be in power. Yeah? Oh, great, but. That's six years later there would be a no Berlin wall. Well, we don't have to put six here. That there'd be no Berlin wall would come down. That no public official in Miami would be under criminal indictment. Well, I was with that on there because there was only a handstand of September. I start 11 years. Yeah, not Nune. 567. 560. Town 560. We got over 500 votes and I pulled some night in 11 o'clock yet. 537. I feel like we died in what to have it. No, too. Yeah, I think this is enough. I think this is good enough for one day. Yeah, let's quit. Well, I mean, Hank, you have us a little extra time there. Let's give all an extra three hours. What do you say for the mobile master for Mr. Ginger Vyre? Oh, don't go. OK, let's take a couple of calls. Yeah, I always do this. I promise I'm going to take tons and tons and I don't do it. WDQ, I am. Hello. How about the fact that 20 years ago, who would have thought to broadcast in badge of matter constitutes a threat to our liberty and freedom? Yeah, that's pretty much speech. We're everything in the past. Excellent. Don't be a given that badge of matter thing. No, no. Yeah, we can't see. No, I was thinking about that last night. How the public just sits back in a day. Take this so cavalierly. It's the stuff that we used to play at IOD 15 20 years ago, right? And that we can't play now. Words that you could say, things you could play, all of these things, you know? All of these things. Right. Yeah, that freedom of speech would be a thing of a past. That should also be rising toward the top right along the internet. W2AM, hello. Neil, happy Thursday. Happy for him, Pally. How's it going, Pally? I'm right. That's 340 of power. I hope they're good ones. Three. Who would have thought that 2000 Americans would die with no smoking done? One of them. The other would have thought that 20 hours would be collapsed. And the last one, who to thought journey will win a musical? Yeah. That might be a very... Well, okay, Pally. You redeem yourself here. You're a little wobbly there for a second or two. That's what less Cooper said. We'll wobble. I wonder if we'll wobble is very, is Kinder? That's not a lot of water. Waffle. Waffle? Let's go to the waffle. How come we didn't have the waffle house on our pole? Yeah, right. Right. It does not waffle us some more than just breakfast. Breakfast is. We should have put samples on there for good measure. No, samples in Ron. Don't give me that samples, crap. But there is still at one lungs. The one in David that everybody says, oh, there's still a lungs in David. On the David Road Extension. And there's also big boy. Right? Yeah, not around here. Hey, big boy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, there is the one in David. On David Road Extension, right, fine, 95. If I have to see the reliance brothers or what's the other big boy? Whatever it is. Okay. I'll take your boy. He's just got the godfather's in it. Okay. You better get with it, Mr. you better start to get around. Okay, making around. Not that far from you either. Right? I'll sort of do it. You better start to make in the tour of Hollywood, the community in which you live, the proud Hollywood resident. I have the proud Hollywood resident. Well, I'd be embarrassed. WDQAM Hello. Even my mother was embarrassed. WDQAM Hello. What is that all about? WDQAM Ola. WDQAM Ola. WDQAM Hello. Hello. Hello. WDQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And you know, one for you, Paul, who did it all 20 years ago? America will be fascinated with reality TV. Reality TV, okay, excellent. Thank you. The people would be obsessed with so-called reality TV, which of course has nothing new reality, it's all staged and it's all crap and it's a garbage. But hey, let's watch Survivor. And let's watch the fear factor in the Iraqi factor and the max factor, all the set of crap and the rich factor factor. Oh, you know something we haven't heard for a long time. That's a good mood man, oh man, in that true. That is true. Your coast personal for people. I mentioned WDQAM. Yes, they call her. We do in your enriched factor. We heard from you to one of them in a long, long time, to which we say, No, not that what's saying against them, but it's just to give it a rest. Another four or five years will be safe. Come in QAM, hello. I nail. Yes, sir. I got some for you, Paul, whoever thought the day would come with me, Orodgers would come on here every day in cry about push. Uh, I'm going to throw you that. Yeah, too. You're cute. Why are you guys so as to complain, you're fucking whining? Keith, yeah, but you're listening every day, paling, we appreciate it. I don't surprise somebody. Tanya, I know. Yeah, must be only me that's complaining about Bush okay the country is forming it tomorrow's about this angry crap, but you're just such an old-today man old-today how come you're not dead yet? That's what the whole audience wants to know. Give us the date and they will be right there. We'll send you some pansies. Okay, some dance it'll you Ferry the thanks for listening like I said as Mike Seagull would say thank you very much for your call or was that me for that you used to say that I think both W2AM hello. I know yes sir. I got one possibly for the poll possibly. I never would have believed that the mainstream news media would have sunk so low in 20 years. What do you mean by that? They're not any different now than they ever were. They did the same thing during Vietnam. Well, how about watergate though? At least they tried. You know I didn't say they're cowards. There's stuff of that with that and that was woodward and burnstone. It was a Washington post that was one newspaper and two reporters and that was it. I mean you know okay that's a media would have sold out Tony and that's a good point. All right. Thanks pal you sold me. Okay. You're using. No, he's right that the whole media wouldn't have cave in that the media would cave in. Oh, there we go again complaining about Bush. Yeah, but my Bob I yeah, that's right. In fact, so two new get-em-arting was complain about Bush and bitch and thanks again though Mr. President. This is the only show in America where every day we thank your President for those little gas prices sir. The crusty old fart. A little crusty old fart all the time. I work here. I wonder, yeah, I was wondering about this because I cut some real wicked cheese in the shower and of course I really enjoyed it tremendous along and I was wondering if women enjoyed the smell of their own farts. Oh, I'll go ask like well I'm serious if you ever thought about that. I mean it's a guy thing. It's disgusting. You know who I mean that's great. You know that everyone does. Yeah, well women don't fart. Here's a fact that this is 20 years ago. We wouldn't all be flying on unless they were at woodbine and then oh, I just want to soon that we'd be flying on super sign of trains by now and they're who would have believed it. Super sign of trains, you know like in the tits of these. Yeah, let's see. For information Ashley Smith, the crack and was celebrated on old Prius, but a for her courage. Oh, God, Almighty. What a mette-cheese in. The author of a purpose-driven life was there also to celebrate her. Oh, you're little bit behind the times. Oh, I guess you didn't know about the crystal mess, but that's you know, that's the way by the way, that's gotta be one of the I crack up spontaneously just thinking of a crack up all the time. Just got any weed, no, but I got this mess. Yeah. I want a half into that happened. Hey, maybe she maybe when she said her life was a myth until she found the Lord. Yeah. And that what she said. This is the Neil Rogers show. Very good, auditor Boire. You win in the jungle the bottom of the earth Here we go, let I get Let the season that still count on fame You're feeling just for a few months See you in the end, if you grab victory It's a kind of survival that you fly out to have When the gate is gone, the men are hiding Okay, let the two of them down by the one fire fire All of them trying to win in the jungle Okay, I'm survival Now the thing, lose my two ways They'll throw hands as blood could change the earth You'll chip to pee, I'm like the first bite And done, done, sleep, let's lie They'll throw hands as blood we are Now there's the fire, the Thursdays of TV And it's not that heavy, all I need And come out again Why don't we, we're not where I've left And I'll play a role, feel free Crumb up, get off this thing down Okay Hey, so long ago before a happy birthday Today we must have almost over, can you believe it's almost October Holy, holy, man, it's almost 2006 Here's a story that really frost my eyes Those kids like this, what do we do with kids like this? Shintin in the lake Waterhill World Palm Elementary School was put under lockdown For an hour this morning after a fifth grader called 9-11 Report that another student at the school had a gun BSO Spokesman Jim Lay it all set After searching each classroom and I find a good weapon That they talked about a student who made the 9-11 Called 8-15 this morning, a student who wanted more than a thousand With 10-10 school at 1951 Northwest 56 Avenue It was a real pain in the ass school His own, admittedly lied about senior gun lay it all He just made it up And the kid will be arrested on charges of making a false threat And all set and then Shintin in the lake That's right, teach him a lesson that they'll never forget Shintin in the lake We're not over here, then Shintin in the lake Bad M. Sobiet I'm tired of a punky kids, y'know I said we need to exterminate him right now A lot of people need to be exterminated Let's see, here's one from Jonathan in plantation If somebody told me 20 years ago I'd be alive after doing all those drugs right be this fat It's a Jonathan in plantation Okay, I guess that's what does that mean? It's not technically Yeah, I'd be alive after doing a lot of drugs or I'd be this fat Those are two good ones Jonathan If you're actually here and by the way put down the breadstick Fill in gainsville floor, this says If someone told me 20 years ago that most right we taught most talk radio In the country we dominated by right wing Nazis I never would have believed it I like that Nazi A-holes He said it was a bad fact Okay, that most talk radio would be Right in Nazis How do we want to put it? It's in Josh's capable hands He's under no stress at all because the marons have been eliminated They're playing like crap He does no interest in any scale Got a day off today with a Marlon stuff They're going to forfeit those three games against the braves this weekend I'm sure taking Josh courtes is advice When you think It's a gambit's only going to be nine nothing, y'know That's right, nine is it That's not too embarrassing and at least they'll be consistent It's not 11 no mole 588 votes Any moment now we're going over 600 here I think we still got a little bit of not to please with that We had a 594 like I said It just a matter of seconds will be over 600 votes on this award winning worldwide famous pool How do you like that Jim and Sarty? You old-tod I'm thinking right now that we need to shorten down that crossover with Hank at 10 o'clock Okay Not because of mole because mole is jealous of the fact that we actually like each other In fact most of the people in the building like each other are set for a while No, no, no, no No, no, because I think it's an impediment to our show And not an ocate of hump or but it's just you know It prevents us from getting going, y'know Okay You see what I'm saying? Yeah, right up and somebody's going to be a little pilot Let's convince that down like two three minutes Right? I mean there's not that much new stuff going on If it was one thing when I was doing the summer two day through day schedule And the hump or night and then, and of course he was on vacation at half the time Two, so we didn't have much of a chance to Can regulate together But I think we got us cut that down 594 I bet you if I refresh it now will have 600 votes on that floor I bet your life on it 597, oh, if someone told me 20 years ago that the government would be stolen by Nazis I never would have believed it 190 The cash would be three bucks a gallon and 74 people said that water would sell for buck A certain 50, 65 That would be stuck in South Florida 50 along with poor George The George W. Bush would be present in for two terms 47 That radio music would suck this bad 44 That we don't have cell phone 34 That the old rages would still be on the radio 29 Not can bush every day Fuck up, like that There would be 700 TV channels 20 Property vans are Florida, B.S. High nine, that Florida would have a hockey team 8, freedom of speech would be good, 6 That we'd have the internet for only 4 Rick Sances would still be on TV for That his fan is with our number black 3 That's because they don't have a popular name They don't know how to divide or add but they sure not a mobile play People would still be glorified Elvist 3 that the Berlin Wall would come down to How about that the Soviet Union would crumble Huh? Okay? How come I just thought of that that I had to put that in somebody's mouth But why just don't get it? The Soviet Union would crumble Who would have who would have thunk it? That people would be infatuated with reality TV1 That's still been still being power 1 That poker would be popular 1 That the media would cave in and that there would be movies on TV Both of those have got the big I'm going to refresh it now, I guarantee you man I'll bet you there about rock these life on it Rocks he burns steam 6-0-4 you're safe, Rossy George is going to the in gallows but Swaco you'll find your way Is that what they called the gallow away? Oh, you know, sad 5-6-7-0-560 come on you You said you're going to take a million calls today And you're just not working on your rapid it But like that just because that little fart they called him that old towed Who's got the he's got that Tom Edison thing up to his ear You know what I mean he's got time Edison thing up to his ear Ear horn and just wait till it blurt's out WCYM hello Hey, what's going on? Yes sir How about Michael Jackson being out of jail? Who does thought that's one year to go? Oh Oh, that's right Oh, that's right Oh, yeah WCYM hello Hey, you know he's doing Okay, sir, I got a deal with through the poll I hope that white guys would want to be black rappers Yeah Yeah, and the tiger woods is a you know the best golfer You always just have to think about that I'm talking about cyberwoods it's easy to do that white guys would be black Where would try to be I don't know See that's not really something new because back in the 50s there was like Pat Boone was singing like Always back when it was not fashionable to play black artists on a lot of radio stations They were like white guys just singing them trying to be R&B or I assume he emulators like Pat Boone to in 2D fruity And in fact he was kind of fairie 2D fruity WCYM hello Hello, yes sir Yeah, let's go for the deal Speaking Neil, how are you? I'm great What about the term that we end the governor now And that is outstanding. He told me that like 2 years ago I just said no chance I know I would be 20 years ago, but still I'm in shock I know the movie I never thought I was going to be a bumper It is scary. It would be like a We're sliced along the imprisonment It's very scary Although it would be an upgrade I think thanks a lot, paley Yes, sliced along would definitely be an upgrade Several several class sizes Arnold, the terminator would be the governor of California But what did I say when that happened? I said this is the ultimate moment in the coming down of America Or maybe nothing else I mean not that we haven't had celebrities before we had Ronnie Ray gun become president stuff like that But this translated by city miles At least Ronnie was the great communicator He had a slick with a super polish in the hair The slick delivery to slick look the whole deal But the terminate he can't even speak English And he has to really let you know You know it's not here anymore these Republicans They're all you for work about his landslide Getting gay Wilson out of their California All over he has to change the constitution So we can have people to work for in America like in prison Now that his popular he's fallen on tough times His ratings are dropping like a bowling ball from the Empire State Building Now all of a sudden under right wingers are saying Oh we need to change that that we have to address that right away I don't think so I really don't think so we have bigger fish to fry Hmm, right fish 12 o'clock man, I'll make you guys all the mercury in that fish now Don't beat the food in the audience man I'm saying that right now That's I feel bad for them people and all the other stuff but do not beat net food in all the audience Don't be going for that key job gumbo That mumbo jumbo gumbo because it is a gumbo is what they were saying We're saying that during the whole Katrina thing It's a it's a ugly gumbo in the streets Oh man and that of course is what's in gumbo I think And what's the other one where they clap for all the stuff in it Gulach no no not Gulach that's Hungarian I'm talking about that like a it's a soup. Oh, you know what I'm talking about What what they call a different seafoods in it. Oh, it's a seafood chowder No, buge base. Oh, oh, yeah, buge base which they got like crab legs and peples legs and all kinds of body parts God only knows what's in there a few few drop in from the hurricane. Oh boy. William Bay's my ass From it's after 11 at 5. 60 WC. You haven't got a big ugly ball spot And probably covers the whole top of your head. Here's the answer for you Not one of those mouthy looking pieces if you want people laugh in the rasa effect That's the best way to do it. Walk around with a mouthy looking piece But if you want a great looking head air chuck out here. He's the guy you want to call because what he got Ziggins and dollars or just a few just two nickels to run together You can't get a better more natural looking piece than Charlie's natural airline system for over 30 years now Not 30 more lifetime almost as long as this copies existed Charlie's been doing it for all these guys with the best of most natural system in the universe Go for getting out the most critical area of any her system is they hairline and Charlie's new Skillet care system is 100% aren't detectable. Looks like real hair as opposed to a musk grant And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing lose, but that shiny nasty ball spot Because all you have to do is try Charlie's system for a month for 30 days Not 30 minutes after a month if you don't love the way looks and feels if you're not getting laid 70 80 times a day Return for a full refund make to call today 1 800 321 2413 be sure and tell him that you heard about it Here on the yard you're showing it your special two way. I'm 200 out of this guy off the regular $800 price of the natural airline system You will look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Here's that number again 1 800 321 2413 Be sure and tell me a first ran for Tordi to call or on a wicked way, but Charles Alfie or E dot com This is Neil Rogers This is 562 8 A A Your Bush Bush Bush He caught his special ganchant who went and they went into close Who judging how well had his buddy got at T of three Russell Dog toy Yes Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the consoles? Who brought the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? Who took the toys? that's what a lot of work when I did that few months ago and I was a labor of love, as Eric would say. Yeah, a lot of drop in is there. Anyway, Richard Fatmagus, you're not impressed. Richard says the power of nightmares parts one to one. Well, I don't have that fancy piece of a criminal. You got there the shortcut. You know, I have the strawberry shortcut, right? You don't? No, do I want one. So the power of nightmares parts one to three on a website are not working. So I tell you to tell me the Eric and its straight new. No, I had to go elsewhere. It says can you have your webmaster fixed it, please? Our webmaster, get a hold of the webmaster, please, and tell the webmaster to a good woman. The problem is it was explained to me is that the source that we were linked to originally, that has disappeared before you have to go to other places and download it in different ways using bit-torned, etc. And so on, and it's not available in that form anymore unless we start another website for just a while. No, I'll forget about it. We give it a question. It was on our long time, you had your chances, okay? Richard and we all do research. Richard is invited and various other places and various other places. Go on to cbs website cbs.ca and I guarantee you can dig it up. Anyway, the 20 years ago, if you told me that William Shatter would be on a hit show Boston Public and Winnie Emmys for a never-ending believe it. Okay, that William Shatter would be, uh, Emma here. Alright, so now you don't like that? No. No. I'm trying to be nice to Richard after we poo-pooed his a power of nightmares when he's right about that people ought to be watching it. But we give you, yeah, we put all the stuff on there and you won't watch it. All you want to see is naked pictures, right? And a lot of flesh and, you know, that's right. And even I admitted that I watched that movie last night in part because I thought we're going to see something good on there and I did not see nothing good. But with that Louise Flutter and George Watcher because of that hot chick on there in Clarkson. It turned out to be just a piece of crap. A piece of turd flowers in the attic, my ass. You've been watching all that. Yeah, that movie's there. Yeah. And even the good ones. Like what? Ooh, that was a shot at no. Yeah, I was a shot. See, if you had some second powers like I do, you know that have an envelope with your name on it sitting in the living room right now with Stamps on it, two Canadian Stamps A, you probably wouldn't have said that probably. That was George. Oh, that was George doing his best shot. Yeah, that was a good one. Yeah, that was a job. Trying to get his ass in the room. Listen, you didn't like the movie. That's how I like it. Somebody got a kid here for it. I mean, you didn't like the movie. That's all I, there are many people I have. Talk to about that. And people your age don't like that movie. It's all I can tell you. I don't know what that is. You know, when you're old funny, deadly fart like me, you're just astonished that anybody would like it. It's just either, I don't know what it is. It's a generation crap. I have no clue what it is, but people are your age don't like that work. So I knew a punk's out there. Anybody under the age of 100 don't watch network because you won't like it with William Holden and Peter Finch and fade down a way and Ned Bady and another cast that's just unbelievable. Really about it. Everybody in this great. Nevertheless, 649 votes on a poll. That's what you ought to be constantly paid and on is not networked. That's what you're right. There are so many bad movies. Well, they just grind and now, you know. Well, you know, I mean, sometimes they're not, you know, I'm not going to watch exhibition this talking games. I mean, I'm sorry, exhibition sporting events. I just, what's the point? You know, what is the point? Well, the sports has to get on. It's like watching a porn movie where nobody takes their clothes off. I mean, what's the point? It doesn't count for anything. It's like these last three marlin games with the braves. Okay, it's going through the motions. It puts the motion in a casket. I mean, while with anybody short for that, if that's the best you can do tomorrow and for this weekend is go to watch that garbage with all the respect. You know, I always say the other go after and support your teams and set up and so on, but in this particular case, you have to be crazy to go. You know, if I already paid for the tickets, give them away, give them some kids, give the charity, punish them. Line 9, WCWM, hello. Sure, but he showed what a green, the manager. WCWM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm in the car now, the car line. That's last weekend, Galaway was on. I don't know if anybody's talking about that or you. Are you going to talk about Bill Mar, are you? No, no, he was on TV with that CNBC or not the CNBC or not the CNBC or not the CNBC or not. You mean? He's been. Yeah. He was debating some guy. I don't know if you saw that. No. Okay, he's got a real mesmerizing way to talk. I don't know the exact center. Wow, yeah, it's a British thing. Man, it said good thing. Yes. But everything, you said this true. And until we actually mature the nation and realize that we can't be hypocrites in the world. Yeah. He's great. I say George Gallo, we're left. Let's change the Constitution for him and make him the president. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Well, I mean, now you correct me. They scotted, okay? The scotted. This is not, there's not something to be proud of being Scottish. Well, we're still in the invented golf. That's too ending up the Loch Ness Monster. This street stretch is at the Irish. I don't know. I don't know if you can tell the scottes. Yeah, the scottes. I think that's three strikes against him right there without starting. So I'm not going to pick on the scottage, but it's the good thing. The British like Charles Lawton, all those great British actors with a very Richard Burton, a commanding deep voice and a big balls and they, you know, just like Sam very authoritative as opposed to squeaky Tony Blair, you know, all of seeing the beginning after 9, 11, we were like respecting Tony Blair until we realized he was a total sellout. Because first you had Bush command, you hear him moving a little like that in Tony Blair would come on and he can speak very well. You know, but it's a British thing again. He's got that British effectation. So he sounds very authoritative and he's not one of those Brits that talks to that line he talk, you know. So he actually sounds like, you know, but George Gallo is great, but before the show, George told me you saw him on with Bill Mar. Yeah, I know that this aggravates many of our listeners. I don't care. I don't care if everybody listening likes Bill Mar. Just like Josh doesn't like network because he doesn't like it. This man I'm going to change my opinion. And because you people like Bill Mar, I'm not going to change my opinion. I can't stand him. Yes, I do with a lot of what he says, but I still can't stand him. He's hard to take. Oh, man. He's just a little nerdy jerk who like last and all of his own material and thinks he's very cute and very humorous and soccillary cases, vendors and who cares. Oh, man. I can't stand Bill Mar. I like John Mar. He's to do news on the King or 13 in Detroit and King or 14 in Battle Creek, Michigan. Who? And WABC in New York, John Mar. Oh, I didn't use man. I like Melos. Melomar. Malamar was good. Malacups are good. I haven't had one of those in a long time. I mean, no one I don't really want. No, no, no. No, I can't. I cannot. I have this ginger virus problem. Thanks to my friend. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I caught it from all when I was done. I have ginger virus. And not not bad. But when you got to be these men and you know, at sugar, you see, I think you can fool yourself because somebody keep taking a little extra medication or whatever if you're uninstall them and you keep your blood sugar with a certain level to think you're full of nature, but you're not because other parts of your body are starting to like a dial but air, you know. And your guns, let me say this again. Oh, can I know you got a lot of cute comments you come up with this in pre-joiced days, but you can't say now. A lot of coming attractions. But the fact that a matter is this, your guns are one of the biggest indicators of heart disease. I think we talked about that. Didn't we forget about the second? Nothing we want to get into a health thing because it's really boring and people like Josh don't care about it. Take care of your guns, Mr. Right now. I'm Tonya. Years down the road, you'll thank me for that when you dance and I'm a grave. You'll say, oh, that old fart he was right. That old fag. You told us about guns. How do you take care of him? You floss. Okay. And you go get your teeth cleaned every a few months. Like a real dentist. Oh, I got a great dentist here man. I was one of the greatest moves I ever made my life. I got a great dentist down there too, but you know, they actually told me what you're up there most of the time. You're really sure get yourself your own dentist and doctor there and I did. And this guy was great. And they did the panoramic x-ray of your whole, in the earth's sinuses and all your whole, and he said, boy, you're really, really looks great. I said there's one word to describe a gene. So I have good genes. Not because I've got good hygiene or because of the fact that taking care of myself right, right, which is a real skill. Maybe it was that Mars ice cream. Well, the one good thing I did look up before we do the break. I looked it up. I was always wrong about the leader in the court. Okay. A leader is like about 95 or 94% of a court. So it's a lesson of court. Okay. What does that make you feel better than I did to eat a whole court ice cream the other day? Oh, this is Neil Roger. I'm tired of a yes. This five 16. Eight. Hey, what's no heaven in the pebb, he and a two-piece myself? He puts a lemon in the pebb, he put it in the pebb, but it's not there on his board. They put the lemon in the pebb, he and a two-piece pebb. They put the lemon in the pebb, he and he put it in the pebb, he and he put it in the pebb. When they took it out, I'd say, mommy. I don't like it with the lime. I said, mommy. I feel a lot less like they were with the mommy. Yeah, I haven't built this sad memory since they just couldn't figure out that. They put the Lebanon and Pepsi and they took her door to work. They put the limen and Pepsi but it doesn't taste so safe. I used to drink and have it bet you would might be destroyed by the internet, would offer it by your own, would play for John and Oscar and the Lang. For our main family. I've been running. Maybe, Doctor, Pepper would be better. I mean, Doctor Pepper, the day'd be a Pepper to Doctor. Be sure to be busy. I mean, Doctor, I cannot find you to be afraid. I'm afraid sometimes I wish I was destroyed. If I could live in a Pepsi, I'd be too good in a way. Oh man, they put something in the history. I got your idea that. That was pricey. That was special. 6805 votes. We're going to have like a well over 700 by the top of the R.B. Newman. So a thousand is like a foreground-contusion in it. Yeah. He's wow. That is really special. Anyway, speaking of a putting the lemon in the Pepsi, let me just give you a more little advice, old Doctor Neal, which I'm sure would be the last one given advice. I'm sure a quick drink in the sodas, okay. Like my mother would say, Wait, wait. I just isn't like, wait. A sugar with the sugar. Caffeine free diet. Even if you're not fat, those are if you say, well I'm not fat, I'm not fat. Let's say again. Caffeine free diet soda for a double calorie reasons. Several teaspoons of sugar in every pan or bottle of soda. Some of the sugar. Several teaspoons, okay. in your teeth and your gums and your health and care your sooner later. There are a hell of a lot more people dying from sugar every single day and sugar related though, obesity and diabetes and other illnesses, then will ever die from smoking thangas. I've not even closed. Not even close. So it's really interesting to priorities, you know? I can't wait to watch that documentary. I'll ask, yes, I'll have to wait a few minutes because now I get a message from Muff. If one of our sales holes wants to come in here with two o'clock and pedal some account, I don't want to mention Todd Greck in Rooney or Day. Oh, brother. I guess we just still start confabulating Rooney and I'll be in the morning and start rolling off for Todd to come in and do his business like all the other sales holes like anybody with a brain. No, Todd's got to come in at two and like I said, my day was already started two minutes early. Todd, yes. You jackass. You fairies. We should be able to stop two minutes early. Like at the end, right? I think that's an idea. Let's pass that two minutes right along there to in fact, that'll be the two minutes I'll spend with Todd. We'll pass it along to my close friend. The end you're right is Junior. Don't know. No, myster. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Pretty good. I was just curious, man. Is your boy Josh Cortis the one that does that real estate commercial? He hasn't been commercialed. Did I know what? He hasn't. Next time it comes on if you want. Check it out. Did he have any commercials Josh? No. No. He hasn't been commercialed. It's amazing. I can't believe to be one of that same thorky voice man. Yeah. Next time you hear it. Okay. Hello. I'm here. Yes, sir. I've got two to talk to. Two years ago we have two world series minutes. Okay. You believe me. Speak to us. Okay. One other. I'm speechless because there's somebody saying something positive about Marlon's organization at a time when they're down and out. See, that's so untypical of South Florida. That's right. Who would ever thought we'd have two world series? Marlon's with a one two world series is it? Yeah. Which one of you? Good. There you go. Now what is this thing? I have one leader of anything. A 33-point-8 ounces. A court is 32 ounces. Well, whatever. So leaders more than a court. A court. That's what I always thought. A thwart. Okay. So then this other facts you write. Well, I headed backwards. See, I did on the comparison thing on the line and I did it way around. So a leader is 1.05 courts. So leaders a little bit more than a court. Let's see, who would have believed OJ, who most of us like back in the evening would turn out to be a double murderer? That's good. That OJ would be a double murderer. Or a single murderer or just a- Oh, look at that. John Roberts confirmed his Chief Justice. Got in unanimously. There's no difference once you're on the court. You're either on or you're not. John Roberts will be there and I'll be there along. He didn't get a unanimous. There was a pain coming over to the game. I heard a great pleasure. John's our congressional court. It was the whole committee. The president of the Senate, the vice president of the United States, might be in the chair, but that did not have any minute to hear. He ought to be in the chair. Interesting. We were trying to call around and find out how to deal with the court. This is a very highly ceremonial moment in the United States Senate. Only 16 Chief Justice has been confirmed. And if you look at the Senator sitting at their seats standing up to vote, that's also very clear. Not often done in the United States Senate impact. It was unnoticed during the impeachment vote to convict on President Clinton's back when he was in office. They don't do this very often. So it was clear that they wanted to make this very ceremonial. A lot of Senator Cesar will add the second vote in 14 vote, a member of the United States Senate can take the first being of vote to vote of vote. This is a moment in the American history of powerful moment. Anyway, here's the fact that says the Galilee, oh, it was Christopher Hitchens. That's why I wouldn't have watched it anyway. See, if it's like the people that say, well, I listen to Rush Justice to see what he's saying. Why? You know what he's saying? You know, it's a same old swivel. So while with anybody who watched Mr. Christopher Hitchens, the Galilee Hitchens confrontation, he's banned was quite an entertaining and enlightening. First of all, Christopher Hitchens is a pop-as- Suffolk grandizing, it's not turned right. Galilee is a rogue and damn good at it. The man is brimming with testicular fortitude. The Battle of the Brits was fun to watch. PS network is devoid of car chase crash scenes, blatant nudity, martial arts ballet, and requires the viewer to think listening to have some sense of insight, Rush Hitchhitted it. That sounds like a little bit of a veiled shot. I didn't want to see it. It's silly, veiled shot at Rush Curtis. I'll be damned. I'd be like that 705 on their unapool, and John Roberts is your new chief justice scene, the RENQUIS fight, and the Bork fight was the warm-up. The thing is, they just don't want to tell us what's the vote. Not that it makes any difference, obviously, it was overwhelming. But I mean, would he think they would put that up there? He said, today, it's all in Republican hands. All right, they're almost done with the roll call. What have the senators? We'll see how many showed up. They went through the roll call, one Southphabetic Lorder, beginning with Senator Akaka of Hawaii, beginning with Senator Akaka of Hawaii. Now they're waiting for some of the senators to come in and cast their votes. And then it will be formally announced the final telly. Okay, well, we'll keep abreast of that. We'll be glued to CNN. If I could think of it, we're going to turn out one of the movie channels. Now I've got to find some betterness. Maybe we'll find the flowers in the attic. Find it where? Or maybe we'll find the mouse. This is Neil Rogers. By the way, the mouse gives poison to the arts, which is on the cookies and the kids are waiting to try to run out of sensation. The hot thing get over with that deal is a sedative. He's got a lot of noise in the talk about me, I know he had a crackpot, that's very nice to say. If he wants the whole thing to say, what? I have you, no? I know what I'm talking about. Every morning, it's a condolent. I don't like talking about my work, but I said I have a sweet condolent. I have a lot of noise. The noise is a fact in town. The noise is a fact in town. The noise is a fact in town. The noise is a fact in town. Crazy noise? This is the noise, this is the noise. This is the noise. This is the door! This is the door! This is the door! I said the door is a package called Why you leave? Ah! I got a hole in your small hole pool I know everything that's going on in the paddles Why I even know all the Duma John rule I'm into the giant daddy, oh! This is the bag, oh! Cut dry! Whip that bitch! Yo, won't I take you site? I know I ain't no exully heey Will if they drive right voice would change Yo little smudies! That you boy! That it's wrong! You'll make that happen! I hate this man! That you can take him bite. Though Chipola's are going to kill Chipola Yeah, Chipola health scab! 14th of November less than a week away or is it the next Wednesday October 5th of the old these day view of the voice of your Florida Panthers anybody interested oh let's see Hallendale man writes latest camear jingle to see this though it started out as a lot to 20 oh to the red blood of the American way alive symbolizes symbolized by meeting potatoes pick up trucks and camear maybe we take uh Raymond to camear cameard in Cincinnati it's great and ended up as retailers fall advertising campaign theme I found love in a camear it's so accrued by country and Western Hitler Dereau Warley it's like hitting a lot of bubbled hell and they'll be smartening man Jay sure who penned the lyrics to the song recorded to a melody by four-lettered musician Eric Worst and it set off to camear to see what would happen it's on real he'd be saying sure who runs the marketing firm TMR multimedia is the first of many's no musician but he can turn a catchy phrase and he knows marketing the song which has been reworked and polished by Warley resulted from sure strategy to tailor tunes around brands is a way to squeeze extra mileage out of well-known names came Martin it's the red K and started him to compose the tale of a passerby but become so enamored of an employee that he follows the rinside down the aisle down aisle four ordered to find out she's got a boyfriend country and Western is the greatest storytelling vehicle sure a sentence with native New Yorker's breakfast rush that's to find 31 years in Florida and team our team immediately evokes the country and Western crowd saw the various kind of thing and had a ring to it it just clicked he said Warley's version of the song is different the six six tenancy and we worked their lyrics with a spicy your age more emphasis on the retail setting and a happy finale the guy gets the girl the words of central and upy tempo complete with tinkling piano keys in a fiddle all right I think we need a speaker hot fiddling and think we there's fiddling and they're tinkling which I'm sure Joyce wouldn't prove either one so it's a good thing J short or more for two or more the beesleys I go and J wherever you are now now right now right this second right what is our christmantees and here he is yeah writers as u.s. troops of star of 78 to 22 is the final vote their Roberts gets confirmed as your next u.s. chief Nazi justice 78.822.8 okay the yees have it was there ever any doubt what did it a long time ago well on yeah the combat to the u.s. troops in Iraq including increasing the tension the accidental shooting of journalists is preventing full coverage of the war reaching the American public writer said yesterday in lendard of Virginia Republican Senator John Warner head of the Senate Armed Services Committee writer said u.s. forces were living the ability of independent journalists to operate the letter from writers global managing editor David Stussinger called on worded array's widespread media concerns about the contact u.s. troops with defense secretary Hermann Kairman Rammisfeld who was doing testified a community day Stussinger referred to a long-forated disturbing incidents whereby professional journalists have been killed wrongfully detained and or illegally abused by u.s. forces in Iraq yours ordered to demand that rummese cold resolveies issues know the best balances the legitimate security and trust u.s. forces in Iraq and the equally legitimate rights of journalists and conflicts don't have an international law at least 66 journalists and media workers most of the marackies have been killed in the Iraq conflicts at March 2003 u.s. forces acknowledged killing three writers journalists most recently some men while he'd call it who we shot by American soldiers August 28 while on the summit in Baghdad but the military says the soldiers were justified in opening fire and maybe they were like some liberal comic pico journalists in that case it's okay to load our crap away right but I said something you know some yeah little something something that we're not aligned you got a gooshed a back in the line or but a bang anyway here's the appole result so far 737 most inside even knew yet we are so I just overwhelmed with this don't we feel like humble than the no we don't 738 if somebody in thanks again whoever were a fact to the seniors to this excellent pull person right we never did it even though most of the business before this is a goal in fact I wonder more somebody would told me 30 years ago that if somebody would have told me five minutes ago that I have to sit around until after to a clock because five records coming in I just said forget about it bob being the ice got that I am because all you got to say no you know right way I go back for the Kurdish and sales and right away they start a whole big similar about that if somebody told me 20 years ago that fill in the blank I never would have believed that that's the pull question that the government would be stolen by neo-nazi to 12 s the a winner no question that gas to be three bucks a gallon 88 the water was self-revocation serving 75 and George W. Bush would be present for two term 62 that I'd be seconds off for 51 the radio music would suck this bad 48 and we'd all have cell phones 38 the new rogers would still be on a radio 31 that there would be 700 TV channels 23 that's pretty much speech would be dead 17 that property value is self-revocation so high i i i i 13 that we'd have the internet 12 the term had to be governor california 10 that today would still be in power 10 the floor would have a hockey team nine ever sandwiches would still be on TV eight that his Spanish would have number black seven that the Soviet Union would crumble five that people would still be glorifying Elvis the king for people would be in fact way would we all be TV three the Berlin wall would come down three it's come from land down the dolphins would uh so bad three that the media would cave into the poker would be so popular to the marons would have two world series of championships one only one filament they all know because the marons have fallen hard times are right away everybody's off the bandwagon except that good guy to call them most talk radio would be right wing one their oj would be a double murder and that there would be more DVDs on movies on DVD none out of seven 38 and some of those movies starring oj like uh what was it what about the it was not earthquake about the fire was that one towering at burdo towering for no was that it i don't know yeah yes yeah he was all the other seven he's other and he was the one about the and the stadium where they were like trying to burn the blow up the state and he's in love with horrible uh but he sure could run fast five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty knee for rising he moved those are three dignities on the horizon singular wireless lines w q a n hello okay pali hey i got a couple things for it do a thing to do a decision uh in New Orleans that food issue was become a liar no where we all like stop on k i listen um who are you who are you who are you who are you based okay that's based it's who are you based got you listen um i got once you're pulled that you would have been twenty years from that of twenty years ago if journey which still be together as a band you just died to get the money or something i haven't got it out of that deal okay i can't get a point to George for second off my hand oh i can't see he's not getting paid a lot of dollars to the okay it gets way got a toxic George for wait till George is on again we can have for a little letter yeah and i hope we'll call you when i'm on vacation soon right very soon come to give you a m hello not soon enough yeah yes uh yeah i just learned a lot you know that i heard you talk about that hyper a couple days and you got to get like live on Mars it's a double CD that has like him playing what does band and him playing acoustic right well that's not one of the ones that the George sent me on four times it's the two that he sent me both the really not my can we on Mars that's where to go okay in fact i saw i think i saw that one somewhere no i saw that i saw it on my saw on the amazon dot com what's a good then harbour song actually the copper that he does he does actually healing by Marvin Gannon George will like that this is like my work yeah and he does this song the George's voice the light drives the orange and what is it? hey i know they do okay i'll tell you then harbour's guy is great he's starting to get me now it call me crazy but i think i just think he's got a more powerful voice than Marvin Gannon could be wrong about that but i don't think so i mean like Marvin Gannon a lot when you and i always have those arguments about Marvin Gannon the beach blurs rather they ever did anything because you got this guy believing it i loved Marvin Gannon i just said he's no beach boys right and thanks and also i was also no ben harbour he's gonna say i'd have to hear them side by side but Ben he felt out of power to say yeah he's got a great voice yeah where she has some great songs to go with her yeah i agree with that that's what i'm saying and even this caller said he doesn't read on the company old songs but i know nothing while with that yeah all we did for a reason is in the pays home and stuff like that what's in the house? you can all pick you up okay just give it a rest man hey Ben that's enough uh seven eight to twenty two john robbers since they knew chief thursday city west of cream court any interest no now we are in no foregone conclusion and they got all these a talking is there's no or old Donald from MSNBC who's another whaffler just next vote is a good show that i'm not gonna be there we got your crucial over here okay you silly as bitch can't stand you people in the media what else uh miss potter but we need her very very in mark and in fact they might be doing something mark and Harry Potter loving fifty six it five six the coveted q a m here's your last chance to save all whole lot of cash on brand new forwards and arms from for homestead we're talking thousand dollars in savings they've always treated everybody like family they want to stand off for you to join their family four nation wide is extended their four family plan offer another couple days to September 30th thought to be man for eight tomorrow's last two and right now at arms from for home state you get the same great pricing that every four motor company employee their families get not only do you get employee family pricing but also you still get arms from for the exclusive amazing tires and batteries for life program and for limited time only with an any new purposes you also get a color TV absolutely free all of these great so what you waiting for pick up the phone right now called David rich three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve they would guarantee you won't get a better deal on a foreign in place in town no bait and switch no phony deals in this spectacular offer is waiting for you only at arms from for the home said where they always treat your life family you'll find them in home state at US one and southwest zero seven street just point easy minutes out of the old eight thirty six like I said you will get a better deal any place else so you can waste your time shopping around if you want but first if you want to make this smart move just check them on a web arms from cars dot com and then give David a call 305 two four seven fifty one trouble ask them about the four family plan two day travel a little bit extra to save thousands of dollars that i'm strong four to home state this is meal rosers this is five sixteen one lot solid well this is the only hope is I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back about my nipples and that's when i listen to the meal mattress twelve two one hour before the Walk and lay down at the heart of your hand like when she claimed it was chipped home Warren in Naver in Luck and Mary's now is still I guess the Wiggit is just pain that wasn't trashed her Who was responsible for? Go that separate way You know there's lots of pain Go that separate way She will get the car And we'll come back She'll be there And look to what that call She loved the door for And Mary's was the door She was the one Probably 35.50. Here's a great fact From Dan V who says 20 years ago He couldn't believe that he's still be alive 20 years later That would be good. That's still be alive There you go, that's an excellent one Also he's a straight in my ass out here on Put Your Base And Jambo Liah Put Your Base His French is she said seafood type soup For stuff and Jambo Liah is an oil And staying whatever is in the kitchen over rice Jambo Liah I feel like dying Jambo Liah Yeah right Toma Laya, he probably is a liar. Anyway, Dan says he can't spell well because he's smoked too many spoofed man. He also says, Samasapo is Amsterdam great food, also over what? Samasapo and Amsterdam has got great food. What does that? Also by museum plan, plan, there are some good ones. Oh, come on. Come on, Dan, you have smoke, somebody. And I'm sure I know where it's hoop. For other. You tell me about good food and angst of them. Again, there's one Chinese restaurant that's excellent right there on the Arrocan, right there south of the Amra, Arrocan, right by the, just a little bit south of the Adam two so as black museum. I'm sure George knows where it is. Right there, yeah. You go upstairs and it's like in very, very good. That's all right. Most of my meals because the rest of the food there is Kakka. I want to get a snack every now and then. You run into Albert Heinei express there on the Amra. Right next to a McDonald's, not to Mickey D's. Anyway, here's another fact that says in response to your talking to your question, do women fart. Uh oh. I was flying back from Atlanta Center. They had the misfortune being seen the next to a large black woman. Oh man, right in the middle of lunch hour we're doing this. I say misfortune because because certainly after lift off, he began farting and farting and farting and farting and farting. It was the most. Notches, foul smelling, stuff. I had the aisle seat was literally. Literally, leaning into the aisle, gasping for breath. I look like a dying puppy. This is great. They're going across the aisle. Can't look at me as if it was me causing the smell. She seemed to be either nervous or had to take a dump because she was nervous lately. Tapping her foot. Hold on. She said he went into the do-fart and doesn't smell like sugar. It doesn't smell like sugar or spice or anything nice. Oh, it's a spice girl. Maybe that was her advice. Wow. That is a grotesque. Believe me. I've always said that there are probably no worse aroma in the world than a woman's part. That's the truth. I mean, I haven't done some good business doing. I'm sure all of you, but believe me. Oh, brother. He's speaking a woman. Well, close to being a woman, Jody Foster, I guess. Oh, I speak to a woman. Here's Ron Reagan Jr. Oh, I'll tell you this. Oh, brother. Hey, Ronnie. You're fair. Isn't that ironic? It seems like every right-winger lady has had some offspring. You know, whether it's Allen keys or Phyllis shoe fly or Tom Delay or Ronnie Ray Gunner. All these right-wingers set the question for your president that we know about. Well, we hope. Slide attendance, our rage over Jody Foster film. How do you like that bitch speaking about movies? By the way, don't watch your flowers in the attic or a garden state or a other one. And the anniversary part. Oh, yeah. Unless you want to write, we need to be pressed and peeled and throw a brick to the TV screen. Actually, the of those three, the one last night had the most potential. And I mean, it was horrible. It's awful. But head of potentially made an interesting movie. It wasn't. Right. And like that review said, the acting was so wooden and so stale and so bad. It just pondressed and caught anywhere. Just on and on. The only part that George like I'm sure is when I was in the bathtub. Chris, he's Watson. Yes. All said Z. Slide attendance, our rage over Jody Foster film. Labor unions representing most of the nation's 90,000 flight attendants have urged their members to boycott a new Jody Foster film that portrays a flight attendant and a US armarmorial as terrorists. They said that casting cabinet crew members as villains in the movie, flight plan was irresponsible in light of heightened security, concerns since the night level of attacks in which suicide hijack was usually very heavy on it. But Walt Disney Company film, which was in everyone released at the American Box or Fist last weekend, all boy, stars foster as an airline passenger who awakens from an inflight nap to find a young daughter missing. It turns out that one of the flight attendants of orders involved in a terrorist plot taxed by the planes air marshal. Was he played by Richard Hatch? Richard Hatch, Robert Hatch, when it was in the night of it. You're right. Richard Hatch. Yeah. A union statement issued on Tuesday also complained that other flight attendants in the film are being showed as rude on health and on caring. Well, now we're talking. This depictions of flight attendants is an outrage, said AFA international president Patricia Friend. I wonder if she's kind of from her parents, but your Bob Friend, although she would like to be your friend. Flight attendants continue to be the first by the defense on an aircraft and put their lives online day after day for the safety of passengers. Maybe she's kind of a, what's your name there? Nancy Grace, her grace Nancy, friend. I'd like to take our rusty nail and stick into a two by four and just. And AFA spokeswoman, Washington said the unions were that movie goers will take away the impression that it will make more difficult for flight attendants during the trestomy respective passengers. It is so irresponsible that the spokeswoman Corey Call wealth told writers yesterday. She said the portrayal of airline cabin commembers is evil doors adds further and so the long standing Hollywood stereotypes that if depicted flight attendants as the sexualized bubble heads or as harsh humorless disciplinarians or of course the guys as being gay. Yeah, what is that all about? I mean I know the furries can fly, but why is it that there's so many nail flight attendants who are like really? Why is that? Now you'd have to explain that to me. Oh, a Disney Sportsman said that in making flight plan was gross nearly 25 million bus last weekend. It was absolutely no intention of the movie. On the part of the studio are filled like a tweet anything but a great action thriller. We're confident the public will be able to discern the difference between fiction and the incredible job real-life flight attendants do on a daily basis. These spokesman said the FA, call for the boy, call for the boy, call for the boy with two sister unions, the association of professional flight attendants and the transfer born union workers which represent cabin commembers from American Airlines and Southwest. They for you and together represent 80 of the 90 thousand flight attendants who work for you. There you go. Don't go see the only class or only. Well, I wasn't like, I wasn't like, I wasn't like before I watched our flowers in the anis. I wasn't going to go see that movie but seeing that everybody's all lining about it. But what would you do a somebody want to do a Google on Louise Fletcher? Because she was and maybe it was actually just two. Which was a moment of Richard Burton was and it was really the war there were there were there three of them. The heretic was that actually since three or two. She was in one of them. She played an evil door or some bitch and they're out of no. I do get her confused. I get Ellen Burst and confused a little bit with Louise Fletcher and I get the girl's street confused within close. Am I the only one it doesn't? Well, in a lot of cases. Yeah. I mean they're both weak looking women but very similar. 7. 94 votes any second we're going over 800. What do you want to know about Louise Fletcher? Well, find out which accesses this movie she was in because you told me see. And I right I was confusing her with Ellen Burst and who's not related to Joe Burst and by the way. How's Joe Burst into anybody seeing him? She was in the second one. Exorcist two. Was that the one with Richard Burton? If you click on the way movie. Right. I mean, Richard Burton that movie was really hurt. Yes, that's certain. That was all. That was so. It's one of those movies. It didn't. It could have used a good sequel but unfortunately they didn't make one. I'm not going to say it didn't need a sequel but it could have used a good one but they never would like the old man. I mean why did they make old man part two? I don't have three in particular. The one who built Holden. The time with the bottle in his hand. You got to get to a adult Damien B. If you don't know he was holding it when he died. Holden what? Final. WWE QAM Hello. WWE QAM Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You are only hope you and George. Yeah we are. And when the price is right too like I told the guy yesterday who've been listening for 80 years the price is right. Yes. I got a question. Yeah. No. What is it with that guy? The door door door door. What is he? He's got ginger vinas. Yeah. That's the truth. When are they going to give him a timeout? No. He can't. He just can't do it. He's never been able to function with a right to human race. He doesn't understand it. Maybe I have one word that you can tell. No. Careful. Yes. It's clean. It's Boheeta. DOH-I-C-A. What is that? Then over here it comes again. That's a word. Okay. Oh no. No. Boheeta. Boheeta. Boheeta. Boheeta. He just has difficulty functioning with others. To be very honest with it, his three or four days that he was doing a show from the fan in New York. There probably was tremendous sigh of relief around the building. That way. See, if anybody's going to do a show from out of the building, he probably would be the one. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not coming back there. But let me do it. Huh? For its studios with a new one. No. No thanks. We did it on him here. Come on. It's past no. Don't start with that. Most of it. Now you see, I'm trying to be on my best behavior. Don't go back home. You people are starting up again. Hank's not even doing the cross over to the end. The family was quick to get to New York for some of the grocery restaurants again. There and he goes like Perry Colombo said round and round. You don't remember that song. I'm sure you've got to write there around. And if they keep running around. Not that in a lot of grocery. But it's just that South Florida is just not. It's not a racing kind of much of folks anymore. The people are going to racing in the world. They're all dead now. Find a way. Yeah. Nice. All right. Good talk. Oh, there's the appirses on the eighth race of Wood by last night on a surbrez. One day at the duty. Surbrez on Wednesdays and whatnot. Whatever. Here's what's happening online at WQAM.com. Enter the Vista Health Plan. My family deserves the best contest to an a trip report to the Bahamas from Vista Health Plan. With Vista Health Plan. The lead is for value. Get value. Get Vista. And that's what's happening online. A service on it. Support for you five, six, six, six. Two, eight. Maryland. God. June twentil seistorism. It happens. Yearemouth soldiers on June twentil seistorism. You felt.country resistance and kism. Everybody else. Consicleseau on Souther are you probably easy on Falling down. You've got to be a good singer, it's just about Jesus, David, let's be old. Oh, Jack! You've fed every time he sees a sister. Well, it was his new couple. Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she's nice to Robbie and he's done much like her view. No, it's all sister, isn't it? Yes, yes, yes. New sister, isn't it? Ding or sister doesn't she go to make her fries and we'll make her both eyes or day to soul. Ding or sister, sister, she's proud she's a gay lesbian. Well, she ain't like her big brother, what's the girl behind us? Because the English title is sister, has never had a misdemeanor and she never met a trials or mouse. No, it's all sister's for real. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, do do do do do do do do. The English title doesn't just do many guys, it's conservative and black or kind of balls. Can the singer say she's well, she's a gay lesbian. But did she this much daughter of a dated woman? Oh, my, she murdered Michael Jackson fella. And actually, well, like about it, maybe not, so yeah, it will be so bad. There ain't going all of us. Eight hundred and sixty votes on a pool. I'll look at that 15 passengers were on board when there's a trailways bus hit a wall in Seattle. You can speak about that, no. Also, they're like, now they got the formal investigation with an orange about police who were looting. We've seen little drips and rams about that, but there were police actually participating in a looting. I've seen a couple videos of that. So I guess some of them were like doing that before they like high tail and out of town. Right. Oh, well, and of course, you know, that's going to be a racial aspect of that. I hear a kid that were plenty of white cops looting to, okay, I would say. But don't make it an racial thing. Oh, child killed by blast and bag then. Another dead kid and bag then, any interest anybody cared. Pretty big on the march. Didn't hear that speech. Another dead, the rag. What is another future terrorist that we got with them? But I thought those were the people we supposed to be emancipating. Shut up, Tommy. Yeah. Eight hundred and sixteen votes even Josh courtes is overwhelmed by that, which takes his mind off those marlin games. Okay. Never did. I don't think that movie network. I'll take it one thing. You know what? I should have actually kept my mouse rod and sent you a copy of flowers in the attic and told you, this is really great flick your love at home. I would have warned. Yeah, you'd love, you'd love network compared to that. Boy, this was so ponderous and just, you know, and during the movie, you just kept thinking, well, the sun was, you know, a big strong kid. There was like a 19 years old. He could have beat the crap I've raised, but you know, with a pinky and mommy, I mean, how long did it take to figure out that mommy didn't give a flying crap about any of them. You know, but nevertheless, don't ask these questions because they make too much sense and movies don't make sense. It's just for entertainment, which this one was not. Speak out of that. The US Army is investigating reports that troops took photographs of dead Iraqis and traded them to a pornographic website and returned for access to that site. Army sources said yesterday, how do you like that? Army spokesman Paul Boy's tool CNN that a preliminary investigation has found no evidence of a felony crime, but both he and Colonel Joseph Curtin said the webpostings have verified, could constant a violation of the uniform, could military justice provisions on good conduct. There is no criminal investigation in the matter of photos of deceased bodies in the Wachtley and posted on the World Wide Web and honestly, Boy said any criminal investigators in the examines or rather Army criminal investigators, who haven't been asleep recently, is a preliminary inquiry, but found there's no specific evidence that they fell in the crime. Curtin acknowledged an ongoing investigation hour saying it was focusing on allegations that soldiers may have exchanged personally taken photos of dead Iraqis and exchanged for pornographic access. Chris Wilson, author of these site told CNN and give a member of the military serving in Iraq and Afghanistan access to the site for free, if they provided him with a photo for a ring they were serving there. CNN couldn't verify the authenticity of the photos and videos posted on the site, and will not include the name of the website because it's considered offensive by many people. We want to know. We also have Lakeland Florida said the military hasn't contacted him about the postings or the anonymous postures, and this is a special day of reason to. It would be a matter of free speech he said, oh, what's that? Since I'm not a member of the military, I'm not fine metal, I wasn't military. The Council on American Islamic Relations, however, said the Grizzly practice may violate international laws of war. Oh, yeah, the rules of engagement, the rules of engagement, my ass. That has to be the most stupid phrase ever invented by a bunch of idiots, okay, by a bunch of adults. Rules of engagement. You've got to cure your like money, Python says you have to be killed lightly, okay, not like a close impression like in a guy. Only the mobsters that I've got a band. I thought rules of engagement had to do with one of the chick has to give the ring back like if she breaks it. That's exactly what it is, okay. Where the hell is that? Oh, it's easy. Oh, seriously, where's that thing where son is going on about, oh, not that's not it. I heard he's. I heard he's going on about your taking this very personal way of thinking this is the army where you shouldn't from a mile away. What is that guy? Oh, we got it first. No, not that. No, no, it's this one right here. Nice to have you go, yeah. They want to give mixed up in a family business and now you want to go down a police cap and why does he slap you in a face a little bit? What do you think? This is the army where you should a mile away. You got to get a close like this. You're going to be a nice side of the league suit. Come in. You're taking this very first. Oh, thank you guys. I still have nothing to say about the godfather. Otherwise, we'd have to call up a one of our friends with a broadster. 560, 560, pound 560, and we've arrived in Siggit, a great pole. Send by one of our listeners. If someone told me 20 years ago that fill in the blank, I never would have believed it. Who the funk it? How many of you are in? No. Yes sir. Dorae on TV. He's got this look in his eye and the way he walks he takes a baby steps. I got to feel he might be a real light. He's got a gay son. And they're the ones that hate him. The ones that hate themselves. He's got that same scary look in his eye. He's got that little baby. He's got that little baby. Well, the goofy Christian and the white and the loafers look very similar. Anyway, one of the things he did. You found your fairy. Andrew Mitchell was on the other night, pushing her new book. Sorry to hear that. Yeah, but Bill Mara after, if he thought that there was a big business leading on editors. Not to run certain stories. Yeah, she said no, no, that's all BS. I just read a book. I put it in the bathroom for whatever. And Bernie Goldberg wrote the camp. Yeah, another thing we're back in pollution now. I thought that there was an election in Major military operations for over. Well, we're just mopping it up. Let's think it electricity back down there. We can see what we're doing. There's not a match George Bush that can make that. How about we can't clean up? I wouldn't worry about it, because Karen uses on there right now with an emitting Middle East and she's talking turkey man. She's we ended all straight and new. Well, you know, we are the, we are. How many times did you hit the button? Two. Okay. Me two. Okay. Two two. Oh, yeah, we got a two two. Oh, no, I'll start with adding. What kind of a name is that for a dot? 132. Let me read the results of the poll because we got some real good choices on air. This turns out to be a really, uh, thank you so much for that poll. That was so fine. Uh, if somebody told me 20 years ago, the government will be stolen by neo Nazis. 233 say I would never believe it. Gass of me $3 a gallon, 92. Water would be signed for a buck a bottle, 80. George W. Bush would be present for two term 74. I'd be stuck in South Florida, 52, a faint worse than death. Radio music was sucked this bad, 52. We don't have cell phones, 38. The largest would still be on a radio 32 and a price is still right. By the way, there would be 700 TV channels 20 or three. Freedom of speech would be dead 22. The terminated would be Governor California 19. We'd have the internet 18. To deal with still being power 16 Rick Sanchez would still be on TV 13. I'm lucky number Rick property value in South Florida would be so high 13. His Spanish without number blacks 10. Florida would have a hockey team 10. The Soviet Union would crumble six. The Soviet Union would have a two world series as a championship five. Berlin Wall would come down five. People would still be glorifying Elvis five. The dolphins would suck so bad for the media would cave in three. People would be in fact way when the LV TV 3. Okay, when we come a double murder or two. Most talk radio would be right wing two. Procure would be so popular too. There'd be movies on DVD one. Thank you so many finally voted for that just to make me feel better. And I would still be alive none. Well, that's bad. Of course, most of our 80 year old listeners out today and got no internet. I'm not an army. 16. All right. Don't go to college. We want no bad relations. We gotta be real nice. So good. So have a day shone. Stay loved to pick up five. To want no bad relations. And I gave it a chance. Of course, if in this nation wants to stop, they create. That's the hell that's on my stay. No, stay not really tough. Do they with no trouble? A fraction that is not no deal with no trouble? I say how bad it is to call the land just go down. We might just regret. Do we know trouble? Do we know trouble? We're dealing with no trouble. We're dealing with no trouble. We're dealing with no trouble. We're dealing with no trouble. All 50 times Republicans of course voted for John Roberts to confirm 22 Democrats voted against. I don't have the name yet. I've been looking in searching and scouring, but does it really make a difference? No. The Marty Ralph votes are ready. Inside a sprawling river side where House giant size Elvis Yoda, Chuckie and scores of floats of wind into roll, although the mummy, wicked witch and Dracula, will need some repair work from Hurricane Katrina's wins. Lane turned up Mr. Marty Ralph to more than five decades of involvement in Orleans, most famous annual event is worried about having plenty of floats ready. In fact, Lee float has been the operative order in the Orleans hasn't it? Anybody want a banana float? But he and other veteran leaders of the annual pre-letton, Vakanaal face other challenges. They work on plants to keep mates. That's the name of that restaurant and take a second. I think of in seizures. As the work on plants to keep Rex years Marty Ralph from being blown away, much of the city's population is scattered. Hotel rooms are scarce. The year isn't fit to breathe. The water isn't fit to drink. It's going to be a problem. Everybody says we have to go this year of all years. Is that what you're saying? I don't hear anybody saying that. We've got to go this year in support of those poor bastards down there. The city's already lost the sugar bowl. The NFL Saints in the NBA Hornets for a year. And a month after Katrina only a small part of New Orleans and semi-functional level of level of host organizations, biggest and wildest celebrations. But canceling Marty Grow, which was an estimated many years, unthinkable for some regardless of the obstacles. It's part of our culture of New Orleans. And part of the soul said Dickie Brennan, what if he's really the Dickie Greenleaf, who's popular right across the TV Palace, can't faithy? There's some will be ought to give to Dr. Eustle not that? What? The one I said is how this is Mr. Ripley. Yeah, I still have it. He's hate that. He was all brutal. It's a little bit too. Yeah, yeah. Everything into the subtle except for the factory. Well, it's not supposed to be. Right. Why shouldn't it be? That's the whole, uh, that's the point in your face. And anyway, is it really well? 870 votes on the pool. We're going to have 900 plus well over nine, or about the top of the yard. We're going to look on Bill Snider's face. Phil Abuster, the Democrats are threatening that if President Bush names another, a new nominee, another not obvious Supreme Court, who is, quote, an extraordinary circumstances that is too far outside the mainstream, they reserved the right to Phil Abuster and Republicans, of course, reserve the right to cut off Phil Abuster's for judicial nominees. And it's a nuclear option. That war could come down the line if the president names someone who's another not see right like, like, like, Hermann Gering or Joseph Gerbl's or one of those are brutal guests. Well, that was one of the rumors in that movie though, about Hitler was a he and real, fest were like, among many others really well. I'm just telling you that, you know, of course, in just rumors all of these things, 567, I've got a whole pile here that I need to get to, but I should take some more of these calls because I'm sure there are a lot of other great suggestions for this poll probably thousands of them, right? And once that was the delay builds up after about five six minutes and they hear me say that then we'll get like tons and tons of calls. You'll see. Like that one, seize but waitin for an hour. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I agree with you, Neil. Okay, great. Well, the fully voice still is really bad. Okay, work on it, we'll, but end the voice too. WQAM Hello. Okay, good. I can get to my pile for just a second here. I thought it was going to take some more of these great calls, but once we get to that, once, which is that level, you know what I'm saying? WCYM. Why's Promaster Chusses a Catholic priest in this town was temporarily pulled from the pulpit after refusing to support the state officials throughout against game merit. The urban George lying of St. Luke the evangelist was replaced last weekend by Bishop Robert McAmenis, McManus, minus of the Worst United Seas who led the Saturday evening mass in the Sunday morning mass of the church. The move came after lying in his associate pastor, the urban Stephen Labear, post an item in this September, 11 church bulletin, stating their opposition to a proposed constitutional amendment that would ban game mirage. The state's Catholic officials are leading a signature drive to get that amendment on the 2008 ballot. You're screwing up all our plans. The bulletin item read the priest of this church do not feel the taking support to the amendment. They don't see any value to it. They see it as an attack upon certain people in our parish, namely those who are gay. A spokesman for McManus, Leslie Delile, told the Metro West Daily News a framing hand that laying in Labear remain in place at the church. Delile said that the Bishop's intention was not to review the priest, but to present the church's teaching on the subjects, if they didn't know where he wrote, but first, your Cindy Hodge and said her church leaders, hands were slat very publicly. Bishop who made maintenance told us that Father George made a mistake and should not have done that. Everyone was stunned and Percy Rob Wilson was a rather stunning homily, homily, the bear declined to comment for the Daily News a line could be written. How do you like that? I'm talking about family. What are you people going to understand? It's not like a debate. That's a gay club you wore. He was that, Christ Almighty, even though he knows better than anybody. That's why he wore those snappy sandals. He knew what it was all about. Now they want to talk. Hello. Yes sir. This is WQA. Why you whispering? I'm not whispering. Okay, there you go. What do you guys want to talk to Uncle Newton? Who else would make these astronaut comments to you? I don't know. What do you got for me, Paul? Let's go. I have an old guy. You know, I was in the 40s and November. He had a guy. I'm not sure about that, but maybe... November 15, 1942 man, what's yours? 45. Tom, I'm over new. You're just a young pup. Well, punks like me have an opinion, sir. Well, what's your opinion? My opinion is that most of our views coincide, but you disseminated false information about... What is that? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Well, don't go play in traffic against dangerous. Especially in hell. I have a great day, Paul. Let's see. Here's a great thing. It says, two men we can't read it. This is the bad side where the war pictures have been downloaded by our troops. It says, www.now that stuff. Huh? Oh, now that's f. We can't read it. I can read the print. Now that's f. I've seen this already. Now that's f.com. That's website. www.now that's f. But I can't say the whole word.com. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. I've seen this in the past. Did you hear this? That meant that I hadn't. Sometimes I've never heard this, but it wasn't as hard as I've seen. But I haven't haven't until now. SUPER 5 They died in the lazy and I race past with a C-O-B. Oh, God, train up, don't put the blame on me. And they come from my vacation for a photo of her two-let's see. Swing your partner round and round. Now build a swimming through the war list down. To the left to the right, here we go. Swing a little mud out there, signal. Oh, God, train up, life in those people free. To the person the lazy and abandoned, and it is for Iraqi. Real American A-Hose. Real American A-Hose. We salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Is we learned one thing in the wake of her thinker treat her? Is not the town on FEMA Director from Michael Brown. What can Brown do for you now? Apparently nothing. And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast. Nothing. Mr. Baker, God, God. Fifty-two billion dollars has been allocated by the US government. But you've created so much red tape, the victims won't receive it till money comes. Show Michael Brown your winner. When all is said and done, you will lose your job faster than you can say. E-Colors. And if there's any justice in this world, you will be calling the Houston after-dome home too. Free on the Channel. So we salute you. Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Your clipboard, your stupid, native blue fever shirt, and your comover. You are a real American A-Hose. Absolutely. Okay, this is going to take a minute or two. Because I'm sure inquiry might as well know who the 20th Democrats were who voted name-led to balls. Who were they? And that in the Pentagon. It's leave it to the New York Times. Okay, but I had to like print this out. Let's see, we would have care about this soon. But there are a lot of G's. Dianne finds that in Barbara Boxer, the two-lady California Senators voted. No, no, no. Nice to all ladies, let's see. Oh, do you leave her been voted? Yes, Christopher. Do I voted? Yes. Joe Biden voted. No. Go Biden. No. Florida, Martinez and Nelson voted. Oh, boy. Hawaii, Ataka and anyway, both voted. No. Good. Illinois, Dick Durbin and no. Or Barack Obama, both voted. Nice going, Barack and Dick. I, Indiana, buy. Even buy a voted to know. Tom Hartman, Iowa, no. Who said, volsman on the air a few years ago. Paul Sarbaines and Barbara McCalski of Maryland, but you will know. John Kerry and Ted Kennedy both voted. No. But Sandra 11 from Michigan, Carl 11, well, I get them confused. Carl 11 voted to yes, oh boy. Stabin, oh, the other red Democrat and Sandra from Michigan voted no. Dayton from Minnesota, no. This is fine. I was saying, read Harry, read from Nevada, no. Will we renew that? New Jersey, Corseen voted no and lot in Bird, no. Old Frank, Chuck Schumer, no and the Hillary voted no. I was going Hill. I was through. Read from Ohio, no. That's it. Oh, and can't well from Worcester, Washington. No, Patty Murray voted yes. Oh, man. Oh, man. Jay Rockefeller, yes. Bird, Bobby Bird voted yes. Oh, and Russ Feingold, yes. What do I tell you about? Yes, I tell you about. Tell us. So, that's that. And you said, but Twaco is it must have offered him some free Hall of Arts something that was the end of that. 560, 560, pound, 560, just wasted a day. I could have read all of the ones I voted. But they would have been kind of like stupid one. Yeah, that would have been really dumb. 912 votes on a pool. It's only 10 minutes to one man. We have reached new altitudes and levels of greatness on a show to Alexa, which nobody's ever could believe. You know, just we just shocked it over one by it. How much a Joel Fibre is over one by two because this is part of our program, a QM, part of our client, destined plot to do anything we can to hurt him. Not so much the other station over there because this moped into just to hurt him to give him my grain head to give him skill to give him wild oozing diarrhea. Whatever we can do this to destroy his life. Because he thinks he's a sports, a radio amaven. He thinks he's a blockasta with scoochots on the stoochots as the general mangle. And Jason Salivekin was the person I was a story on that. Jai said, we were fight out to quit and get fired. What was that all about? I don't even know who that is, by the way. Another board on. I've no idea. You know him either? Jason Salivekin, the famous program director for four minutes at the ticket 790, programming such genesis is toast and omelette and Fertata and Marka in the dark. Wow. I just lost the internet. You just did. Uh-uh. It's a good thing I got this pile of stuff because you just lost the phone went to dead. You know, we're good here. Well, we're not good here. You're bad. Oh, and the clock just came back. When you just had like a momentary blip, but the phone is still not to no dots. What's that? Yeah, it's on. I wonder what is on. A really cool on her, anyway. One call. Well, I will not take it any. I said, I'm reading that. If I gave the order. Ok. Or no. Just like Connie, if I give the order, all the idiots would be good. Which is why I'm not wasted in my time with him right now. I've got some heavy duty stuff. But it's just, it's not, I'm not going to leave like, you know, oh, there it is. Came back. Somebody's Dylan in that build. Is I didn't do anything to you? No. You guys touch anything? Oh, so somebody in a building with the building is that. I said, no. that George Corso man tried to sabotage her show again okay I know what you're up to course okay we've seen you stick your finger in it back to retail gas prices continue to see saw today climbing by less than a penny see what's supposed to be pleased about that climbing by less than a penny oh thank you thank you Mr. President the national average of what's supposed to get down our magic carpets and dawn and little bit rock back and forth it's not the asset whoever's dawning in front of us and just hope they don't fart in our face I just I just I just can't get over that whole thing you know what and we've asked that we've done that pull already but the top of just the real they're all crazy all of the religions the stuff that they do in the rituals that they go through in a way that they're so a program by from the time that they're very very young and all this mumbo jumbo and hockest pocus and can't we focus it's just crazy and you got the orthodox over there they're dawning there were 700 pounds of clothing it's a middle of July and like switching all over to place they smell like septic tank and then you got the Muslims in the world on the carpets and the ground and oh stop stop stop all ready okay remember to sum by the holly stop stop stop remember that of course love the holly and of course they also did bus stop never thought about that before a lot of stops going out with them maybe they were like a stock cap group between the beetles and uh oh yeah there you go there's stop stop stop by the holly yellow ladle watching it unbelievable was was yellow epic maiden I don't know I don't know hope a bird was you honestly pretty good like I don't know show I don't know show I don't know oh my wait oh this is good that's why the full main kid it's an active god man they all got exactly for god with my Alzheimer's and I could say some of this trial for tomorrow like about how the Muhammad Ata definitely was known to pinnogund before 9 11 and back during the Bible in the classrooms all of these things I've got a whole bunch of stuff but you inspired me to do something S.T.E.I.W. under Spinger tips was at number one very good he was gloom and even more talent for the streets of Detroit Martha Reeves remembers how lady luck played a role in the start of her career not telling us that they're just thingy Detroit and I wanted to belong epic and be a proud of and decided just to be a secretary one of my jobs make no one else I even saw him out one anyway we're all while Mary Wells my guy was at number one in the nation Motown was developing still more new talent but this time not from Detroit California born Brenda Holloway became the company's first West Coast singer brought to the label by producer Hal Davis when I got to Motown what is I said to do what was like going to Disney I don't know what's certain you know he's a woman in the heart and day and I'm not a little tiny world in the little cast or everything this is the distance that all this commons are in case you have a notice that I did what's a dream you hear me say that by the way the Motown sound out of your pardon epic poker Brian says epic that's why just said while Mary Wells my guy was at number one now we're back to this again see screw me up oh I'll find it by itself I'm on a wrong set but anyway at least I got back to bed anyway it's the wrong just oh you got it oh I got it off I'll mention you're from 1960 up for the most fun you're at every star and somewhere recorded in 1960 I was playing all so you know what I'm gonna do what you can do but I'm gonna play in both like sign of I he's not not together we're all the way could do that if I eventually get those different sound or Marvin Gaze knows least too soon to become the biggest star in single and motowns history written by Norman Wittfield and the man who had the company's first hit no listen to the music by the way Mayor Sto I heard it through the great time the time time it was it was like I would shut up I did to use a game and you know knowing how big the record money was and how sick it be a time time be worse for it we try it yeah actually the phone for this sound like hell off better than it would Marvin maybe they didn't like Marvin because they thought he was gay that could have been it this is Neil Rogers this is by 16 so this is on this is not a tumor it's the ones to do I screwed up our shit up I should've played there's a bit your favorite Jewish rock and roll the stars your band it's Russia shot on a but I uh you know what you're doing well I don't I don't really care about any of these holidays anymore unless it means I get a I mean, it's such crap. It's also so much a garbage so I get them. They're all like mumbo jumbo to me. You can't like that gumbo in the Nolan's. Wait till you hear this before we get to it. And I did find see I found the Epristine version with all that all that crap on it. And anyway, well, I liked the way that sounds. Here's over climate is Arctic ice melts at a record level. Oh my god. There's no such thing as global warming boys and girls. And of course there's this big great debate. It's like, oh, I'm looking outside Is this on there if there's somewhere or does it debate about it? Convrig is 20% below average from this time of the earth's structure. Cycle could affect the earth's weather. There is absolutely positive. There is about a 4 second piece on CNN about this little while ago. You see that? No, it's taken a constitution. You were taking a great global warming in the Arctic could be swimming out of control sciences to one yesterday. His new figures revealed that melting of sea ice in the region has accelerated directed levels. Oh my god. Experts at the US National Snow and Dennis Center in Colorado Fritha Weeks has locked in a way destructive cycle with warmer air melting more ice, which in turn warms the air further. On you young folks out there, the ticket got to be around for a while. I buy myself a nice home up in the mountains somewhere. Last one, Tanya's. Yeah. Satellite picture show that the extent of Arctic sea ice this month did 20% below the long-term average for September. Nothing in extra 500,000 square miles or an area twice the size of Texas. How do you like that? Twice the size of your took us. I don't like it. If current trends continue, the summertime Arctic Ocean will be completely ice free, well before the end of the century. Oh, man. To better teach your kids to swim, those of you who are making babies right now teach them to swim real good. Ted Scambos lead scientists into Colorado Center said melting sea ice, accelerates warming because dark colored water absorbs heat from the sun that was previously reflected back into space by white ice. Feedbacks in the system are starting to take hold because he changes in Arctic ice happening much sooner than we thought. And that's important because without the ice cover of the Arctic Ocean, we have changed with respect big changes in the Earth's weather. He'd be saying. The Arctic sea ice cover is a couple of reaches its minimum. I've said it's September at the end of the summer melting season. On September 21, this means sea ice extent dropped to 2.05 million square miles the lowest on record. This is the fourth consecutive year that Melis has been greater than average and pushed the overall decline in sea ice per decade, up 8% from 6.5% in 2001. Walt Meyer also the Colorado Center said having four years in the world with such a low-ise extent has never been seen before in the satellite record. It clearly indicates a downward trend not just to short-term anomaly. Surface air temperatures across most of the Arctic Ocean have been two to three that resenigrated higher, which is a much hard new thing it is. I'll see two to three is integrated would be like five to six degrees of Fahrenheit on average this year from 1955 to 2004. The notorious Northwest Passions to Canadian Arctic from Europe to Asia were in tariffs, but since we're lost earlier centuries, there are cruise battle flick ice and bitter cold. It was completely open the summer, except for a 60-mile swath of scattered ice flows. The Northwest Passions, Northeastern Siberian coast has been ice-free since August 15. All 40 dead and three swiss-eyed attacks and bagged that just in on the CNN. Who cares about that? Another bunch of bagheads. It's probably all terrorist anyway. Sprintime, I mean, it's just incredible. I think you'd like five seconds. I've said a little bit. We'll continue to stay on top of the three car bombs exploding in the Iraqi city of Belad, killing 40 people. We'll stay on that storm. Yes, stay on that storm. I'm sure you will. All of these things. We'll see what's going to be back in the storm. It's true exploding in the water. Sprintime melting in the Arctic has begun much earlier in recent years. This year started 17 days earlier than expected. The winter rebound of ice were sea water refreezes also been affected. Last winter's recovery was the smallest on record and the peak Arctic ice cover failed to match the previous year's level. If you dropped the atmospheric temperature, then the ice will come back again. This is a distinction between that and the green light ice sheet, which wouldn't reform because of the moderate climate as far too warm. It wouldn't reform because it's just too warm. You got it? Everybody sing it. Wow. There's the European project that launched a new satellite next week. And it moderately thickness the Arctic sea ice and it check on the role that global warming plays in its decline. So much existed in the periodic weather system called the Arctic oscillation in blown thick sea ice from the Arctic during the 90s. Leaving tonight's more liable to melt in its flood bud. It's slow that warming baby and we're drowning over here. How do you like that? Now anyway, getting back to this. Oh that's not it. Getting back to Eradil. Sorry. Oh, see how stopped that one. How do we do this? Back? I could time both the same time. A little out of phase. No offense See I bet you know what it's all it could be done Marvin Gain then Harper doing it to what I heard through the great fun We also got a store with gladis Knight in the pimps don't we? Okay, well which one and I wish one is better? I don't like the sound of that do you? Little muffled yeah, let's see the boat Now I still like Marvin But the music on the up the day one I couldn't disagree with you more I think Ben Harper is 80 times a single that Marvin Gain ever would dream of even if he was still alive Alright, he's got more heart me got more small some more soul Marvin's a little thin if I'm saying Pretty close on the answer with a great M close it's a tough almost side by each and nose to nose But I think you're right. I think the funk brother just got better. No, maybe that's it. Maybe it's the music or powerful I think what we'll do maybe one of these days not tomorrow because it'll be too soon I'm gonna get really pissed off about this because they probably hated anyway. Well, we don't like that song anyway It's not all old people's music, but I bet you that Josh ain't too crazy about that song It's okay. I'm not a great but it's okay, right? I know what's apples and oranges, but as music goes as compared to movies as network history movies as this song is to music. How else is the different person? That song is fantastic I See what I mean the Martin is thin obviously, okay, of course also stuff I think about this and that's back in the early 60s The recording techniques and all that not the same is what we got now exactly nothing I mean they could they could make the back street voice on like singers and Sweden So you know Ben sounds just real excited to be doing it. What does that mean? Like you know he's doing a tribute to Marvin Gaye, so he's given it as all Well, it has all wasn't great that he wouldn't sound so I don't understand what that means Or the most I'll better do it that than any of his own stuff Well, what about the other thing you would must the sensations I know you won't say I guarantee a Ben Harper put out a Motown album and did all the motown songs with the funk brothers backing him up You would go out and you'd buy tent copies right away. Well one copy in that copy Oh, I learned that 40 dead in three suicide attacks. We just had that on the Rocky Capitol. They're carrying out about this a little bit of light I understand two of the car bomb detonated in one location a third in a mile I scum as your mic is on We've seen really care since the string of suicide Oh cure a philtration. Oh unclean unclean and she gives me the creeps. I can't you know who that is? I'm seeing it. I want to see no longer a news reader. Now she's an expert right wing commentator cure a philtre She needs to be amputated from the neck down at bitch. Okay, let's get back to the pull him back to the show Okay enough with this the music cocker ride. I want to hear that nine hundred seventy three votes That means we'll have over a thousand by the end of this half hour and a lot more than that one way. What do you think what do you say? You don't care. You see you can blow us a that's what you say if somebody told me 20 years ago that blank and I've already believed it That the government will be still by neo-Nazi's 256 that gas will be three bucks plus a gallon 103 that water will be signed for a Vodka bottle 87 George is definitely a bushing me present for two terms 85 that I'd be stuck in South Florida 60. Hey, their radio music was suck this bad 58 We don't have cell phones 44 that's a terminator when we go on our California 39 that Neo Rajas would be on a radio still 35 That freedom of speech would be dead 32 that we'd have the internet 23 that there be set on with TV channels 23 What about the 700 club? What about it? That till that would still be in power 18 ever since has was still beyond TV 17 property value itself Florida would be so high 16 the Soviet Union would crumble 10 his Spanish without number blacks 10 that Florida would have a hockey team 10 That tomorrow is what have two world series is is a nine that OJ would be a double murderer or eight the Berlin wall would come down five that Book would be so popular five poker that often with socks so bad five that people will be glorifying Elvis still five the media would Taven for that still be alive three that most talk radio would be right wing three that people will be in fetch Way to reality TV three and there'd be movies on DVDs Solamente Uno Is meal This is 15 So what we have lucky Hey man, who the era you? I'm Kurt Cobain. I was in the group in her bottom man. I'd have like him to planning use him a She just get hot to las the albums. I had money hit records. I was the most top on top of a world until I'm out of the hook and got shot man Hi, I'm Mama Cass. Avoid the hands-on was I'm Karen Cooper. Can I have? I Shut the fuck up That you don't cut. I'm buddy Holly have you seen my glasses? Look at all these other place cards in my table He's Richards Not sure and all the black grows Yeah, I'll be here in town for dinner. You long hit all the What's that oh man That's just the armor that drummer fell here from definitely a charger some of my Thanks Sorry as much as I love that it's not end of him. That even the same league is is not. I'm sorry. I thought I give her a shot. Hey, glad to see. Hope a Brian reminded me that TCR did a version of that. The good news is I don't have it. Good. Oh, thanks a Lord for that. Couple of Maker. I can stop payment on that check. Five U.S. Army soldiers were killed in Ramani today by a world, or yesterday by Roadside Bomb, the U.S. Marines finally released that news today. It was yesterday, but they know what? They're letting them, the bad news in little dribbles. The soldiers were a side of the second Marine Division, Marine Expeditionary Force forward and died while conducting combat operations. The death's remember of U.S. troops killed in the Iraq War. It's in 1936. That's the year that Jesse Owens ran in the Olympic Semunic and pissed off Hitler in 1936. But it's a bad number for us because that means that Americans, perhaps in no reason at all, just a base out of tackle eyes. Let's see. Two people were killed in the third was wounded when gunman opened fire. And all the stuff, a bakery in the door area and southern Baghdad. If I took the time where we never go to seven o'clock, then we'd all this list of all the murder and bloodshed, over and above the three car bombs that we just heard about in the last half hour. How do you like that? I mean, things are going tremendously well. They'll give me wrong. Oh, we're fine. Talk about all the good things they're going out over there. Let's take four, five seconds and do that. Wow. 996. And if I refresh this, we got a thousand. It's going to be amazing. Want to pee? Yeah, amazing. Are you fresh here? We got a thousand. It's amazing. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I can't believe how fast you turn on Ben Harper. Man, you're a sick of two and a half. I just send up the Marvin. I think it's fine. First, I could sit in all the ears. You're a few days not like the Marvin's. Yeah. I love Marvin's ears. They eat those in a heart. They eat those people. And Harper just blows him away. They're not even close. Another kind of a... But I'm not selling no records of Marvin G. Orben Harper. So what do you think? It's a make-of-came. I don't hear like a peer-elegant Kevin Tudod doing an infomercial to selling stupid ice records. So I listen to what myself. Okay, right here in this studio. Crank it up. I'll just blast everybody out of this building. Actually, in fact, better than that, I could have watched that movie last minutes. That stupid flowers in the attic. I could have watched my Motown movie again. In case you want to what we're talking about, like maybe you want to vacation or something. One of the fine movies of all time standing in the shadows of Motown. You've got to go out and get that steel and grab it. You ain't get watching. You're loving. I'll tell the funk brothers. Can we say that? Oh, we say that. We're going to get Joyce. The funk brothers. Just be careful how you say it. Okay. Let's see. Now, what is this thing that somebody just sent me? This looks like one of the like your friend, your chronic mark. Looks like... I don't know. Here are Phillips. It's something about... Oh, we were talking about. How are you red this? Okay. Long time ago, this was I saw it on the air live. It was in the afternoon. Several days during the Katrina stuff. And she had Nancy Pelosi on there. And she's just sucking up for the administration. Here are Phillips's. And Pelosi said, well, if you want to be a spokesman for the White House, you should go on their payroll. How are you, Rebecca? How come you're back to me? Oh, oh, crusty stuff. This crazy play old crusty music. What's wrong with you? Just come back to me. And it's not for a TV. Yeah. It's not a top of the house. It's a TV. It's not a top of the house. I was just hoping to think about some CCR did that too, which I was nowhere because I hate them like poison. Stop it think about all the more town songs that have been done over and over. Like that. I'm tired. I'm in here. No, I see it was Gacy and a sunshine bed. Did one with the what was your name? I have no idea what her name was. Who's that? Please die to play it. That a version of what? Dancing in the street. Oh, you got to be kidding me. You don't remember that? Oh, I can't even see it. He said it's not. I was some chick on her day. It was pretty good as my friend. I told you that I'm in a jettle boat. Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Just a phone call. No, no, no, no. Now I'll give you an example. Not that one, not Marvin G. But I can do this. See his music. Your voice is like a remote on the light, so a little... Yeah, he's in. And he's in the shower. See? I'm not gonna get Marvin Giggas. I love Marvin Giggas. He wouldn't in the same league with Ben Harper. You're just waxing those tells or something. I'm just losing your hearing and your waxing it. I won't be doing that waxy stuff. You get your old fine bird all bent out of shape again. Good. Because we're here just to get him all bent out of shape. We hate him like poison. Like poison. We wish that like a cockroach would crawl up his leg and climb into his leg. Back then just hang out. Just make a home. Maybe that mouse from that movie I saw last night. The flowers in the attic piece of crap. So of course to show you. As much as we like Louise Fletcher. She's been in some really crappy movies though. Same thing. And what a good example. People who are very talented but they have like musicians who get bad music. Right? And never go anywhere. Like Ben Harper and those two albumies in which both suck. And like Louise Fletcher was a great actress, but she's been in so many turkeys. It's very sad. Although it's kind of hard to do. Once you do kukusness, it's kind of hard to do that role here. Right. And also you don't really know if a movie is going to reek until you're already well into it. Oh, it's not. It's not. It's not. That flowers in the attic. You could smell the stench. I mean even though she was taking the bath all the time, they're just to be like half naked. 560560. How come I didn't get an equal time and that movie damn it for all the way? Huh? What's wrong on over here? How come he never took a bath? Yeah. WDQAM. Hello. Okay. Right. How many QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I want you might want to consider for your full. We're all pulled. They were still building. Okay. Yeah. That's great. Let's still go for the way. 20 years ago someone would have told me that they're going to end feature sitting present for getting a hover. Wouldn't have ever believed that would be. When a piece of presence for the hump or okay. Let me ask you while I got you. I mean, uh, heard it through the grapevine. Which one do you like better? Um, I'll tell you what Betty Miller did a couple of those motelpins. I don't know if she did grapevine, but she did he'd weigh that it was her who was sent to after. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. See, I asked him a question. I get a Betty Miller thing. Do you know Betty Miller? I'll bet you don't know who that is. Anyway, see, and nobody wants to answer the question. Yeah. I really don't care. I like the a better heart by much better. And I love the movie and I don't care what anybody says. To eat it. Josh doesn't like network. I only just watched it again this weekend, just out of spite. I've only seen it about 70 times. But it's just, uh, you know, I, there's certain things you look at him and you say, What's not to like, you know, somebody else say, Oh, that's a, yeah. I like, uh, I just don't get it. Like, uh, I've a Levine for example. Is another one Josh hates your like poison. I think Georgia probably do her, but Josh is like, No, I do her. I just don't know. You do her. When you relax, okay. Oh, I think I just heard an envelope fall off the table in the other room. This is new rock. Oh, right on that spot. These five, six, six, six, six, six, six. It is, and the people I call in, they're just like them like that they were on the, What a course, the weeds and the high and, uh, I'm being as terrible. But here's it up and look at listening to six and, and I see it. Oh, yeah, no, no, no. Our home and the bread. Oh, no, no, no. I've got this big, will not you and your, I've got that, right on. Hey, let's have a fight when we fly our side. We remain joyful to you. And the legal traffic for you, And the rules I will see. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God made this bread. Oh, God, God, God. Okay, here's a long time list of facts. There's somebody told me 20 years ago that, and now so we would cost almost 500 bucks. I never would have believed it. I was going to cost 500 bucks. Oh, he's getting ripped off. That's not even retail. Man, I was going to say, but it'll come out up here. Yeah, you can, I'm not even going to say. Just walk outside any day here and wander around and then you can swallow it in the air. Nobody cares. Nobody's uptight about it. Nobody's worried about the pop police. Nobody's going to go ripped through your car. Looking for a pen joint in the ashtray. It's just like I told you that it's a different world. A different life. So good luck to you. Thank you. Let's see. Chris, as I turned my radio off, I have to show the internet back on with the mad dog. Come on, notice the mad dog never mentions Mo as part of the lineup. Really? Oh, what do you know? He don't mention Mo. Does he hate Mo as much as I in the rest of South Florida? Yeah, yes. That's a music. Yes. Now that he doesn't have to work out of his volumes within no Mo, he is probably just a no and Mo. I mean, why should he be the only one, right? Like the mad dog. He left out. He's got pretty good acuity and he's got good sense of stuff. Anyway, where we over a thousand votes on the poll. Thank you so much. It's great. Former FEMA Director, Mickey Michael Brownie Brown was warned weeks before her can Katrina hit that his agencies backlog computer systems could delay supplies and put personnel at risk during an emergency according to an auto released yesterday. An internal review of the FEMA information sharing system shows it was overwhelmed during the 2000 poor hurricane season. The other was released today after Brown vehemently defended FEMA for the government's Disney response to Katrina instead blaming state local officials for poor planning and chaos during the storm and subsequent flooding. The review by Homeland Security Department Acting Inspector Governor Richard L. Skinner, an organization who former powers outfielder Robob Skinner, a swim FEMA's salmon's FEMA's response to former juror Cains and proper storm that hit Florida and Gulf Coast in August in September 2004. It noted FEMA's mission during disasters is rapid response and coordinating efforts among federal state local authorities. However, FEMA systems do not support effective or efficient coordination of deployment operations because there is no sharing of information that you ought to find. Consequently, this created operational inefficiencies and hindered the delivery of essential disaster response and recovery services. It said, how do you like that? FEMA is growing up big time. Isn't that like on your bone, the FEMA bone? A big part on your leg? What is that? On your arm? FEMA? I know. What would you just relax? Dad was pretty feeble. Josh, now he's trying to correct me. One guess what? I just go like that. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. Now good for you. I'm speaking of Arctic warming and global all this other stuff. Fossil fuels said to become relixes research group. You know, in fact, here there's places where they got like little windmills, winterbines. And of course, when you fly into Amsterdam, you see them like out there in the hinterlands, all over the place. Energy drawn from the wind tied sun, earth's heat and farm waste is poisoned. I'm not talking about the old fashioned windmills, by the way. Energy drawn from the wind tied sun, earth's heat and farm waste is poisoned. Begin replacing oil out of their fossil fuels. Thank God. A prominent research group said yesterday in a wake-up called industry executives and government officials worldwide. All we can finally cut that long tube. It's tied to their gowns, tied to those lovely outfits they wear. Energy markets are about to experience a seismic shift, Christopher Flave in prison, Washington DC-based World Watch Institute said, and it speaks to oil executives and energy ministers, Angel Hennes vs. South Africa, said to the 18th World Petroleum Congress, the question for oil executives is whether you are in the oil business or the energy business. And it's got a picture here of winterbines that produce electricity, sping at a wind farm in Davon, and Northwestern China's Sumpton region. For energy hot-weigh Asian governments, the answer could literally be blowing in the wind. It says, across the region, we knewable energy such as solar wind and geothermal power scanning, ever greater creedness as a way to curb the regions appetite for oil, and cut runaway import bills with oil prices near 70 bucks, and expected by many aimless to stay over 50 through the end of 2006. Government's believe alternative energy will help keep their economies growing. Okay? How do you like that? Our conference is 5,000 participants included an exon, local president, Rick Stillerson, and Saudi Arabia and oil minister Al-Nayimi World Watch says, all those Saudis, man. Wow, hum and dread. To be sure, oil accounts for about 30 percent. But third man. And World's energy use while renewable energy sources make up a slim 2 percent. However, according to Flav and the market share renewable energy systems, it was growing a pace, whatever that means. Growing fast, a pace. Unlike fossil fuels, the worst there's a limited supply. We know the energy including solar wind and geothermal power, and biofuels, derived from a source that are continually replaced and made plentish. How do you like that? What a concept, huh? We've been going through that long, long, long time ago, simply got certain people out of what I mentioned, no names, okay? I've been going right before looking at oil business, and that's what it's all about. So as a result, we have to keep you people all hostage, as a veminier of pocketbooks, to the bank accounts. Speaking of a transportation, was I? No. And America West Pass, did you see about this? No. What? America West Pass, did you take off from Vegas, mistreating an air-canned jet five out of 100 feet last night, because a controller in the tower confused two plans and issued conflicting instructions. You must find a beetle sawn't come together, and they almost did. The controller's been taken off duty, said for more training. The episode is under investigation. I see. More training, like, oh, here's a big plane over here, and here's another one over there. America West Pass, five to nine departing for Cleveland, was cleared for takeoff about 11 feet in local time in runway 25 right in Vegas. At the same time, you're Canada, flight 593, and landed on runway 25 left in parallel runway, and applied from Toronto away, and been cleared to taxi to the terminal across 25 right. A collision was avoided because the America West plane was airborne, but the time reached the point where the air-canned airplane was crossing. The air-canned America West near Canada planes were both mid-sized air-bushed jets that came more than 100 people. If an East Boatman said the agency didn't believe the American West plane would have flown directly over the air-canned airplane, but then investigators are still trying to determine how close to duty is. I think it's a few feet. But thirdly. I think you'll have to win over. Oh, and I wish I could close. Me too. Anyway, what do we got here? You know, I'm gonna lose my mind because I just remember tied direct coming in there to a clock, so don't like, you know. Easy for you to say. This is Neil Rogers. This is five, sixteen, two, eight. They put the Lebanon of Pepsi and they took it back out. They put the Lebanon of Pepsi, but it's not their any force. They put the Lebanon of Pepsi and they took it back out. They put the Lebanon of Pepsi, if it was ready, when they took it out, I say, Mommy! I don't like it with the lines. I said, Mommy! I feel a lot less like it wasn't Mommy! Yeah, I haven't felt this sad. Mommy, since they just couldn't do your job. They put the Lebanon of Pepsi and they took it all away. They put the liven in the Pepsi, but it doesn't taste the same. I used to think that if it's Pepsi, it might be with my legs. And I would offer it by ear and clean whole jar and other things. Mommy! I feel a lot less like it. I don't like it with the milk. I mean, doctor, whether it would be better. Mommy, doctor, doctor, they use to get the milk. Mommy, doctor, I cannot buy a single be bright. Sometimes I wish I was bright. If it's a Lebanon of Pepsi, they took it away. I don't like it with the milk. It's not a bit of a Horus' temper. I'm not sure if it's a Lebanon of Pepsi. I don't know what that deal is about. We've got a lot of knowledge to talk about me. I don't like it. I don't like the fact that very fast is the same. If it wasn't a Horus thing, say, go ask that one! I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I said, yell at me, the downer. And not my way to the condo, I call my golden mask and I'll give it a three condo. I ain't gonna lie. Sorry, he's a fact-and-how. Get away from the back of the door! Sorry, in my mouth! Sorry, in my mouth! What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? that he can only use his- Doesn't exist the same. That does not exist. That does not exist. That does not exist and that does not exist. I kept kept making traps, and I kept that feed up back in Greg's cows. Like youth Scout! Ah, I caught a hole. He was spoiled at fools. I no ever think that someone is bad ole. Why I even know, was a doe-merjord a doe. Up into the drive, daddy old people. everybody, no one's not going in. If the baddies sound when I take you now, if I know I don't know if I don't know. But when they drop high voice with Jason a little slow-up the fire and then the fire. While, even with the extra time there is no time being in here They don't play all of their bad Chicko. It's not even out of some grass in here The fire is still deep where it is here and it's just about to be. They delved and primed for morning to be little still. Well, even with the extra time there, I still couldn't get the job done. If federal judges rule that the government has to release more, our book got red pictures even though they're like a screaming or mining. It's bad for business. That's basically what they're like. Okay. Okay. Andy and Miami said, oh, not Andy that we know. I don't know. No. That Andy's not a mine. He said, no. Is it? I don't know. Since even though fan asked Bush is trying to get everything he can to stop it. 20 years or oh, that's right. That's a good one for the poll. Never guessed that Florida we get legal promising. But I'll probably just watch before they head. Okay. I need to go ahead and tell you. Yeah. Florida we get the promising. That drive's good. We got it. So what do we got? We got 1,000 47 votes. I thought we'd get total of 100. But they backed off. They used off once we get the early 1,000, right? Right. No problem. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they Verizon in Singular Wireless Line. Got the mole mice to a two-med dog, three-solid hours in 4 to 7, and they're all bald game. Marlon's taking it well needed and deserved and the, uh, well, I've been taking several days off lately. Yeah. And then hurricane stuff. Any cap on a 10 o'clock. I kind of like gloss over that hurricane stuff. Who cares? WQA and hello. Not there. Line 9, 2AM. Okay. So like I said, we don't want to take any calls. Back during the Bible in the classrooms. It's good. It seems to work out well. But I don't want any calls. They're out any. Andy. A group called the Bible Literacy Project is unbaving a tribunal to pay textbook today entitled the Bible and its influence, which its members hope will be embraced by English history and social studies teachers and form the basis of elective high school courses across the country. Uh-huh. The project's founders and investment banker from a powerful family that has long-standing ties to person and bushes family and history of religious activism. But the textbook is a secular effort to educate young Americans. Many of whom say they know so little about a work so central to Western civilization. They cannot grasp basic references to it in literature music and art. Right. The Bible. New York investment banker Chuck Stetzon, who made a nice hat by the way years ago established the Bible Literacy project, spent years consulting with educators, publishes various Christian and Jewish leaders, and birthed in an experts in studying, pulling of students and teachers to come up with the textbook with stand-by-goals scrutiny and find academic acceptance. Stetzon said in a telephone interview yesterday that his aim is to fill a vacuum caused by educators over reaction to a 63 supreme court decision that declared unconstitutional assigning a Bible readings and recitation of awards prayers and schools. See, the headlines, revenues, are backdoring to Bible. Bring it on in the old backdoor. Seek it back in here again. 60% of Americans want to see the Bible taught in literature, history, or English classes. 8 or 9% of public schools do a steps instead of over 13 every documented biblical look. But you know that would be like asking, how many white people though, why do black people vote no more? How many white Republicans want to stop all dark folks from voting? And then we can see that statistics. Same as this crap. There are over 1300 documented biblical illusions in Shakespeare. If you just don't understand the biblical illusions, they don't understand Shakespeare. You know what I would say to that? Screw Shakespeare. Okay. Do we need to reach Shakespeare? I don't think so. And especially that merchant of Venus. Many educators parents and historians share this concern. The Gallup poll last year found only about half the teens knew the story of turning Jesus with Jesus turning water into wine and close to one intended and know what the Easter holiday observes. Good. That's a good sign. That means there's still some hope. Stetson said needed his group nor its textbook is advocating the teaching in public schools of intelligence design as an alternative to evolution. There are other people fighting that badly. Said we want to move from battleground to common ground. I differentiate between knowledge and belief stats and said knowledge belongs in schools. belief is a profit in the home and other places but not in schools. Well, he makes a point there but he's still full of crap. In 1999 he teamed up with the First Amendment Center to release a guy in how to teach aspects of the Bible in public schools. Without violating the constitutional separation of Jewish and state. That joint venture went endorsements from groups representing Muslim Jews and evangelical Christians as well as the National School boards association and the liberal advocacy group people for the American way. Or evay. Charles Hayne senior scholar with the First Amendment Center who's reviewed the new textbook also worked with Stetson's group to develop new teaching guides six years ago. Said yesterday, I believe this really opposed the First Amendment and it is sound education way. Well, that's the first thing that offers man. When it's out, keep it out, quit teaching fairy tales. Sick to important stuff not a bunch of man-made garbage. Not a bunch of idiotic brainwashing. But then again, you get the blame in the Jews and the Muslims together. What do you expect? Yeah. A bunch of idiotic cramps. All those middle-lister religions really sucked by the West. Oh, God. Four years after the nation's deadliest terror attack evidence is accumulating that a super secret Pentagon intelligence unit identified the organized of nine level of attacks on Mohammed Ata. As an al-Qaeda operative months before he entered the USA. The many investigations of nine level of turn up a half a dozen instances in which government agencies possess information that might have led investigators to some part of the terrorist thought although in most cases not in time to stop it in most not all. But nonetheless leads likely would have taken them directly to auto the Egyptian architect or student who moved to the US from Germany to take flying lessons in later served as al-Qaeda's US field commander for the attacks. Had the FBI been alerted to what the Pentagon purportedly knew in early 2000, the office name could have been put on a list of what attacked him as someone to be watched. The moment he stepped off of plane in Newark, New Jersey in June of that year 2000. Physical and electronic servants of Ata who have openly inflowered the iPhone more than a year and were acquired to drivers license and even an FAA pilot license in his true name. Might well have made it possible for the FBI to expose the 911 plot before the fact might well. Autos presumed of in the Jack Anson to control some American flight 11 when it struck the North Tower the World Trade Center September 11. The FBI has reviewed the volumorous records of its extensive 911 investigation and can find no mention about a top before 911 senior FBI official said, If the Pentagon knew about Auton 2000 failed to tell the FBI, it could be a problem. Is what they're saying. Could be. In other words, if it's like all the other agencies, they don't talk to which they're like each other. They got big fat egos. What do you say? Don't do it. Kind like that. This is real Rogerace. This is 5.62. A patat. Absolutely. The Middle Eastern World will be exploded to Dometty Bogell with the cast that we sold him. First time a presser nation had failed the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The North there knows you have done for right. We is really hit over and over into our head. Ah! Daddy, rag, ass off. When the surface is crushed, gun. 3,000 people killed. I'm not forgotten. Let's exploit him and stand. Eight there's oil to be counted. Going after sit down to play Keto's Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in London. But no it's seem good to say no. Come play and complete it. Believe in every word of this cartel administration. Like controls us by fear through needy and manipulation and the right. We is really hit over and over into our head. What an iraic, ass off. Weapons of mass destruction. I'm tired of the air. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not to be asked for off this sand. I have nothing to hide. People talkers all are saying that I know being a cattle don't have any reservations. We're all the annihilation. Old regime's must-malt. And how the virgin is known with no objection at all. Tell the crackstone have the galls and the right. We're really hit over and over into our parade. Watch and hear. I rack ass off. Weapons of mass destruction. Are you sure? Old regime's must-malt. Weapons of mass destruction. My life, my life, my life.