Is the real deal? Alright, so Pat Rally's first game will be tomorrow in Chicago I'm saying morning if we got with us today 30 and then they have a game of Milwaukee Wednesday Wow, good morning Just knock me over with a feather big news who cares? Lots of people. Well, they're too bad too bad for them. Oh, that's right. I was squeaked it out there this morning That's your for Ira. They are you're still squeaking annoying? Never less good reporter How about those dolphin it? Well, the on that good report. That means that with it with a pen or with a with a finger Not with his mouth At any rate how about those dolphins, huh? Big surprise you told us that it was gonna be a walk in a park for San Diego I just said that I didn't think the dolphins could win. I thought they had no chance you said that too. I agree I see I'm fumb messing up to them. I'm not trying to like care color it. Yeah, I think I said And I played Because they play that was against a very good team. Yeah, so it must have been looking ahead to the indie game next week You know, they still went out there and beat them. You know, it's yeah That was figure accomplishment. Well when you got Gus for hot man called singles in Fahrenheit ball Boy when Gus for our speed and yeah, who yeah like I said that we're looking at next week How about those patriots? I got girls team that was pretty impressive and I told you that would happen. Yeah That I did tell you was there any doubt Buffalo's in a little bit of disarray I think the wingland is a team that people aren't gonna want to see in the playoffs Well, they're starting to they're starting to put it together now They're getting some people back corridor and how to good game. Yeah, Brady was his usual incredible self What's not to like he heard his leg in the game, but apparently he knows There's more than that to not come out. Yeah So anyway, I'm in Atlanta. Yeah, I know when you got to get out there. So I have a safe trip home. Thank you. I hope you have a good day I'll be back on Wednesday. Yes, well, I'm seeing I'm looking on this case, but what's the story tomorrow? Well, I'm covering the game tonight. I don't get done until like what game is that? I'm not much of a game. Oh, am I? Well don't you know me the money and I football game and we're against the world of girls blind team is orange That's why I like this Saints You can cover that with a blanket. Oh, by the way, when you get back on Wednesday I want to tell you the Bob last of their story and you will in this there's a faxer and lakeland I'm gonna thank him today on the ear for saving my life. Yeah, what happened with that? I heard you tell well up that the year Let's talk about a Wednesday believe me you will push away that food and you'll like be a shadow of your former self Trust me. It doesn't sound good. No, it's not good Oh, we never have fat eyelids like last year, but nevertheless See a Wednesday. All right. You know I would good day, you too Hi, this is Reddy or any more, Atlanta goes mortgages the only mortgage company in self-warne at the same location Since 1982 why would you deal with someone else one branch and ready to help serve you if you want a free cruise? Don't call them if you want it to rain on a sunny day. Don't call them if you don't want the bay closing costs don't call them If you want great rates and you want to be treated with straight dog call them that a lot of course mortgage Call real 5 9 4 4 0 7 3 or a bow at Bomb Beach at 9 5 4 9 8 7 8 0 7 7 for a Atlantic post mortgage Arab Grewe the voice of the Miami heat a weekly feature on this stationkehr agree explicitly on sport year di0560 q a Go Grooter I went to Dolph and Straining camp. I asked Nick Saban who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will it be Sage? Here's what Nick said to me. Just for us, for us. Oh! Our starting QB will be. I think we'll have Nick to read with the rock for us. Just to wait and see. I saw an exhibition game watching him play with us, like a bad dream. I saw him from the feet of the ball. It made me want to scream. Just for us, Dika. Whatever it is you need. Your offense has gone to sing with the rock for us. We can't score two things. Just for us, for us. Maybe I would see. Absolutely. If you play for us, you will be sorry. Hey, he's the man he has started about the last week that we're tracking his ugly old ass. He is a superstar. Here what I'm thinking, I'm thinking we're sticking to a smaller no super bowl. Can't you smell it? Oh sure. We're smelling it man. Six and seven. It's like down and going to heaven. Anyway, George is out sick today and Josh is on vacation. So we got the beast and Miguel on the blind leading the blind. Speaking of fat, I do want to thank that the fact that we're in Lakeland. I don't know if he's listening on the internet. We are not carrying the apparently press conference. I love it. I think everybody knows the deal. He's the acculture to heat again. He's back. He is back, right? Yeah. That's what it is. They want to have him come back as coach when he was out because that would be looked bad. They still would have lost the rest. So now he's going to come back again. But that's looked down here. Hey, congratulations, Pat. I know you love this show. He realizes that he's the only sports nerd in town. He realizes this show is the centerpiece of the radio station and surrounded by those Silly S. Portio. So I just gone pat and you still got Silly S here. But a lot of it. So that's so we're not carrying the press conference. Who want to hear it? You can turn over to seven ninety. They need you help anyway. Badly. Okay. I'm sure that they're going to be carrying it when you think. I love it a clock. What else are they going to put on? Sit the kid. So anyway, Friday I get this facts. I wish tell I would have saved it. I guess I don't really need to. We've got to have it here. Oh, judge the Claire's a mistrial and viox federal case. Just in breathtaking news from CNN. Certainly not seen news network. So anyway, this guy alerted me the fact that of course most of this audience doesn't remember Bob Lasseter and the Beast doesn't remember him. And Miguel, he thinks I work for Claire Channel. You're considering the fact that you're like considering yourself the the radio Maven in a building. You can stick an assemble and have room for a big buy a barrel of the never. Maybe you never said that. Never said that. Never said why. You said. So radio show that I work for a. I have to question. Bologna, you consider yourself to be the radio expert in that building. Which quite frankly compared to what else is in a building. He just might be. You got it. Oh man, with you know, this business where we're we're the real station. Who are you kidding, huh? Who are you kidding? We got more people on here on this radio station. They're going to belong even in the building much less on the year and we're the real station. Yeah. I mean, why do we have to dignify the station? It's got to share. Would like all we're the real station, you know. Another ego thing. This whole radio station is just a big ego trip. All of the good news is before I think that guy in Lakeland. The good news is. Beesley, the clear is regular quarterly cash dividend. Oh yeah. Now we're cooking baby. Now we're on fire. Screw that you'll find over across the street. Tell with him, you're small potato's you'll. You guys don't even own that station. You're leasing it. You're leasing it. What is that? Leasing a radio station. Anybody could do that. It's like a tradeout central again. Well, no, that's us. The company, bee's they said on Friday is border directors authorizing the initiation of a regular quarterly cash dividend of six. And of six and a quarter cents per share of its class A. I mean, that's class A and class B common stock. The first evidence is payable January 20th, 2006 to share holders record on December 30th. About 30 minutes and five feet. But I get out there and get that Beesley stock. You got 18 days to do a baby. I'd hop it up as they say in China. I grab as much as I can get my hands on. I'd steal money just to be able to buy that Beesley stock. So that's starting January 20th and next year you can get that six and a quarter cent per share. So in other words, if you had 100 shares, that's what. Sixty six bucks. Right? Huge. Oh, that's organic. And in fact, drive court. This is on vacation in Seattle, but I was going to tell them in lieu of this raise that they put in a budget for this coming year. They're going to give them a few shares of stock instead. I can just smell like coming out. Can't you? I didn't break it back to the facts. I got from Lakeland on Friday. And you don't have to be. I know this to Beesley. And back, you're not going to have too much to say about this because you're going to get all the fence. Are we totally about it? See what I mean? Yeah. Not saying anything. Well, why is that? I'm waiting for you to speak your mind for. Well, I know we don't want to see you crook yet. Okay. You've got a fiance. You're going to get married. You've got maybe a reason to live alone. Not to sure that. You've got a lot of wheel of fortune to play at the casinos when they open with a slots if and when it happens. That'll be bad. That will be bad for you, man. He's going to be out there every single day. He's this morning. Oh, he's got. See him. Let me tell you. Let me give you a little clue. Go early in the morning when there's nobody there. Although, see, you can't do that there because it's not going to be 24.7. They're going to open. I think at nine in the morning and operate 16 hours a day. Isn't that what the thing said? That's pretty lame. But anyway, go there and get there nine o'clock in the morning when there's nobody there. And then you can try this one and that one you can find a good machine. As soon as you find one that's spinning a lot, but I'm being there. You go. Just sit there and plunge your guts up. So Friday, I get a fact from Mr. and Lakeland, who's listening on the internet and he says to me about Bob Lassiter, who ripped off everything that I ever did. In fact, if you go online, which I did over the weekend, I'm so thankful to that guy and Lakeland for saving my life. But if you not only read the Lassiter blog, but then you read all the articles about him on the internet, they all say the same thing, who worked with the radio, my radio legend, Neil Rogers, and although his style was his own bull crap, he used to go on the year, when he was on the S.U.N. Well, let's see, what should I do today? The serious Neil or the funny Neil? I mean, what a rip off. Not that I wish him any ill or anything like that, even though I told you in Friday, he really stuck it to us over there on S.U.N. For whatever reason I don't just ego, I guess, you know? Some people are all about ego. Oh, wow. Yeah. But anyway, he's in bad shape. He's show, he was one of the most depressing people. He was, I used to say he was suicide inducing. He was so depressing. He's got a great voice. He says, no idea how to use it. He's got a great deep voice. Like that. Like that. Like that. What? That's him. Good. Well, Lassiter may have had a great voice. But. He was huge fact guy. He lost a lot of weight and then he gained it back again, I guess. And like I said, the hump, he's the only guy I've ever known that he was so fast. And even his eyelids were fat. I don't think even the beast your eyelids aren't fat. Are they? Not last time I checked Miguel of the fact. Well, I don't have to make. Take a look at him and see if they're fat. And he always do half the four chins. Oh, God. Well, in your case, I swear just case, I can't give past the four skin and the beast case. I can't give past the four chins. But anyway, he's got more chins than a Chinese phone book. Oh, God, I can't believe I said it. Well, here in Toronto, we've got a lot of Chinese. But by the way, you'll be placed in a sunny and minus 14 degree Celsius. It is so cold. And the wind shows like minus 25. So it's not a good idea to go out. I guess I'll do the break then. I'll tell you the rest of the story about blah, blah, blah, blah. I said it in about he's got type two diabetes advanced stage. And he hid a foot amplitude. All you fat people out there and believe you me, I'm one of the worst offenders. If I were, if I was one of those goody two shoes, who was like, lost 60 pounds and I'm like doing. And then I could hope it would be bad, you know. See what I'm saying? It's like to be formed smokers or reformed alcoholics that open up a must start lecturing other people, button your fat slide yourself and you realize, and when you've been talking about eating a half a gallon of ice cream, which even the beast can't do that. I bet you've never ate a half a gallon of ice cream in one day. Never once. Never once. No. Nestlees have a mehash man. It was good. It was a good half gallon, mind. And in fact, a little more than a half gallon because here everything is measured in leaders as it takes me to your leader. So it's a little more than a half gallon. And I still I survived it. And I guess that was the end. That pint of a hog and I was dual say they lay chae. Do she lay chae was the end? We'll tell you the story. Well, I know it's boring. Nobody wants to hear about it. They don't like it in the lecture. Especially the holiday time of the year by getting fat. But you know something you're going to die. I'm telling you right now. Are you fat people out there? And don't want me to forget I went straight to lecture the hump for about two because he's you know damn well. He's not taking his blood sugar. He's just a mess. Am I right? Beast. Come on. You work with him. Open up a mouth. Quick being such a whish. He said it later. He can't hear you. I've never seen a big his blood sugar now. No. And he's he ever talked to you about doing it? No. And I was going to buy him one of those you know mother's meters. But then I talked to myself he's not going to use it anyway. So what's the point? Be like burden in the money. I can put it in a good machine instead of mind instead of like throwing a money away. Well maybe be used to do it every day before the children. Are you taking your blood sugar? Well no. He could take hands. I'm talking to the beast. You're not dying. You're not dying. You're not dying. You're not dying. You're not dying. You're not dying. Better. No. Well how many hours you think before they turn you die. I've been checked eight billion times and the doctor's like you got good jeans. You're not dying. Yeah. Good jeans. I was 48. Maybe. 1014 a QA and it's that most wonderful time of the year or less of course you're fat. I mean unless you hit crowded malls long register lines parking hassles and those insane shoppers. Make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones give my dial a mattress gift certificate this year. When you call 1-800 mattress you can order a dial a mattress gift certificate an nomination and a new bed makes a perfect gift that will last you for years or last them last somebody. When you call 1-800 mattress you choose from the top names to they got them all they got Seely. Surt a Simmons King coil. Stearns have fostered who it and tempered it to. Maybe a suffered some damage in the house from hurricane Wilma. Maybe need to bed for those last minute unify it a holiday guess whatever your deal is. Call 1-800 mattress you'll get same day's liver from evening they until 10 p.m. and you still get to pick the date and time for a little bit of your schedule and two hour one of that's convenient for your ass. Now the mattress shows up on time 99.7% of the time and they're ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction. I've been using for a long time and you ought to be doing the same before those guests arrive pick up that phone and just make that one easy call. But what a blessing it is to be able to do shopping the season during the holidays. 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR ESLYBOT-The-LAST is because it stands for sensational, stupidest savings. This is new Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. I know. Real Roger. Well, come to the show. Thanks, President Cheney. This is you just a year ago. You're exactly the leader we need for these times and we need him for four more years. How did George get re-elected anyhow? Got his job because he's a charming, sexy, good-looking and as great air. You and George are feuding how come? And the thing about the WMDs, it is a lot. When's the last time GW Live? Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man because he's stuttered so fast. At the very least, we have a right to know what he is saying. Dick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you, backstained. I admit it that they're chainedies and ass sh**. Oh, here's George now. There's chainedies, man. And they say for muslin' it is a lot. How do you get this? Spring. 1019, a QA. I'm sorry. Before I tell you about the guy from Lakeland, here's a fast from Mark from Helen, they'll beach together. And what I tell you about that video series I'm putting out going gone while, here's a good example of it. So there's another Brower County High School football season is coming. Gone, my son's football banquet took place last night in Hollywood. And once you know what the powers did be, dragged in another pasture for a pre-event prayer service. Once again, I got my fat ass out of my seat and left the room as they can't to body and s bow their heads in prayer. I returned after the church service was over. There seems to be a Christian theme this year. There I see. A year after year. So next year, I may have a muslin' mullo to say a few words about all on. Really get the my god is better than your god theme going hot and heavy. It says, uneffin' unbelievable. Something like that. I could understand if we're talking about a religious school program. But this is a public school, okay? I remember that when I was in school, we used to go to a assembly. And they used to have the Lord's prayer in Jesus name. I had to bow our heads and thicken up your his man. You crazy for a visit of God. And what are you going to stop? Anyway, can I go back to my fat fangs? Please, sir. Well, you don't care about that. The fact that they're making kids talk Jesus talk in public school? No, you said public school. Yeah, most of you there. If you said a Catholic school, that's one thing. But in a public school, it has no business. You know, something I'm going to lay down on the floor. I'm going to get nice pillow. I got a good news. I got all my clothes on today because it's too damn cool to be sitting here. My voucher shorts. I'm going to let you and Vistude show today. Okay, bye-bye. I feel like I've lost a day of my life here today. And I know what it is. But everything seems to be like out of sync. It's a door out of sync. And you want to add the George Bacter, George. Of all the times, although next week, we could be worse because I'm going to be obvocation next week. But all the times to be out, sick, we got George Cortis in Seattle with my money. And George always had been with the fever. What have I told you about him? This man is always sick, always freaking sick. Who did more? I'm sorry. What do you always throw in him under the bus? The guy in his ear, you are really, but he said you're going to die soon, George. Yeah, at this pace, you won't make it the 50. And the beast he never made before 40. Not a chance. Not a chance. And if you've got a doctor, let's tell you what you want to hear. I shoot him right now. I said, go with brains out. In fact, I'll come down here and I'll do it for you. I hate those doctors that draw. Oh, well, you've got good genes and your blood sugar is just fine. What is your blood sugar by the way? You're fasting, but you're not. I'll bet in the girls' life on it. You haven't got a Chinaman's clue what it is. I have no idea. No idea. And it didn't you tell me it was like seven eight years ago. When I first started on a horseball radio station, you'd give me a son at answer about how you've had every, how old have you been seven years ago? 22. Seven years ago. And at 22, this man had like a high-colonics, low-colonics, what do they call it? Think we're the invidures of the hospital. It's called the Indoscopy, a fatoscopy. Yeah. Because I've Jewish stomach, man. Yeah. Jewish stomach. I think you've got an extra Jewish stomach. I think you've got aerial serones stomach, is what you've got. And it's really stomach. And you're trying to kid yourself. So you're going to be dead pretty soon. I just don't say it in the morning. So I get this facts in the guy. Like when tells me about last year and how he's got this blog now. And he hasn't been on the year in six years because he got candid definitely again because he, you know, claimed they lied about his contract and the one of those deals, who knows what to show you really is. There's zero silver against the Bruins, all I. Oh man. Anyway. Forget the hockey stuff. Okay. We got that Pat Riley press conference coming up on the other station 11 o'clock. So last it or had a foot amputated. He writes this as depressing as he was on the year and believe me. Like I said, he's show was suicide inducing it was so, uh, the pressing. And the blog is a thousand times more depressing. And of course, I guess it would be when you got like one foot amputated and you're going blind and you think you're going to be dead in three or four years. And your kidneys are failing and things like that. Pretty soon we're going to be sitting in the middle. I didn't know he was dead. You know like that. We only got a few last it or drop it. Oh, we got. So I read that and then I went under and I read all of his ramblings and writings. And like I said by the time I go through reading, I wanted to put a gun to my head. But I gave me a wake-up call. It gave me a wake-up call. By the way, you're an ungrateful bastard last it or like I said on Friday. God punishes those who cross across. They'll come. Yeah, that's right. And so it's one thing to read about it like generically. But when it's somebody that you know. There's a different story there. You know it's like it's like you read about lung cancer if you're a smoker. And it's kind of like a generic thing. It's not close to them. But if it's like somebody in the family or a good friend of yours all of a sudden as lung cancer because they're smoking them. Faggot's like a hand over fist. Then maybe if you have any common sense you say to yourself, whoa, let's toss the faggot. See what I'm saying? Okay, which is that. So all of a sudden I over the weekend. I was on my the best behavior I've been Saturday and Sunday and so far today other than my bacon and you'll see. For the 80 million time I'm saying it, but what? That's your scared or crap out of me. And the piece ought to be the same for you in the Humper. I'm telling you right now, how can you be a big fat diet that it works like a buffalo towed at somebody's to come bicycle pump up their ass. And you're not taking your blood sugar. Huh? If you care about the guy you work for you go out there and you buy one of those. Accumeters a little bit of a helicopter called you again one of the acutech. There was something you're not going to do anything for anybody is what you're going to do because you're in denial because that would be an admission out of your own that you're going to be next. I am not into denial. Well, then why don't you go out there and buy a one? He's not going to be on tomorrow. Between now and tomorrow you can go out there. Go to Walgreens and buy one of those things. It's not that expensive. Maybe a hundred bucks and you know, would develop them. I just just pretend you had a bad day at the Indian casino. A bad day on the cruise ship like all these people that are losing their loved ones on cruise ships. I can tell you people, though, around the cruise ship, people just keep disappearing lately. If you notice that, there's two stories over the weekend. There's some Canadian broad that disappeared and then some guy is people on the river. There's some is he was on a cruise ship for his honeymoon and oh well, he just vanished. And the people in the cabin next to where he was staying like, oh well, it was all this noise in there and like a big brawl and there was blood in the cabin. But they can't find him no more. He's in the drink. Did. So I keep trying to tell these things. Okay, here's the full result. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to go out of a cruise ship in the bad way. I can think, but maybe we will save somebody's life. You think? No. What do you mean no? Well, why do you say that? Well, see again, another area would be sad to radio the thing you know, least about is fat. But you'll be fat because you eat man, you eat like a cow. All that free food that comes in there. That place has to have the reason that I have to be out of that place. Just, it's a, it's not a radio station. It's a restaurant thing. What? What else is it for you? You're in the show. What? Look at all the food you eat during the show. Now you eat all throughout the show. You always say you're going to go back into your kitchen there and make something on the flavor way. What are you talking about? When is the last time I ate anything on here during the show? Maybe a piece of Swiss cheese. What are you talking about? You're a crazy person to bacon, the framer. I'm going to bake in for breakfast before the show 845. I'm going to market on the clock every morning. I have my microwave bacon. That's it until lunch at 2.15 or whatever. That's it. And the bacon, by the way, is atkins approved. Oh, that case. Yeah. You know nothing about fat and you just just making crap up. So nice to enjoy the judge. And the bus intro and my ass out of the bus, too, man. Getting pretty crowded under there. Car professional. No, that's right. If we're going to get it's the confrontation. I'm going to get a little bit of a post of the man. Be pan-be boring as all crap. Get it. Go for get Pat Riley. Big press conference 11. Are we carrying it? It's going to be great. This is new rubbish. Maybe we could put our on in our uniform. The breath are beautiful. There we go. I would be with the holidays season upon. If you get the idea of this sighted to do, step out of Peverker. And spread the legs of Joyce around you. It helps to be as weird as it says to some. I'm not a doubt. I'm funny. You know what kind of old they have. I am so much more. mother. automated i'm alive. I All you. That can. up to go. a high. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. Go to the beach. film experience. Go to the beach. very rock. 1033 at 560 WQAM so anyway Eugene McCarthy died over the weekend. I Richard prior. At least you guys know who Richard prior is. Yes, right. However, I would suggest you, maybe I'm wrong about this, but at least in my lifetime Eugene McCarthy was far more significant than Richard prior. Even though you wouldn't know Eugene McCarthy from Charlie McCarthy. The letter from Andrew McCarthy, what did you bring the boys home from Vietnam, right? Eugene McCarthy was the Howard Dean of the Vietnam War. He was to Vietnam and Howard Dean is to Iraq. And he was kind of, you know, another one that was intellectuals. Not a suit of intellectual, but intellectual and kind of a stuffy guy from Minnesota and and then Bobby Kennedy came along and he would have been the candidate. But anyway Eugene McCarthy caused the New Hampshire primary because LBGA LBGA to say, I didn't run an omel because he always was going to be his ass-licked and kicked. So Eugene McCarthy was that he was a great American. And after the only problem is he became kind of like seen out and he started every four years he would run for president again every four years. But today Ray, he had balls. Gotta respect people that got a pair of balls. In Richard prior he was, you know, he was funny. He had him. He was a pioneer. He had a pair of balls. And then didn't he have like a little force furnace pants? Yeah, like set himself on fire. Set himself on fire, which is not a good idea. Now he's dead. Now what did he die from? Do we know? I didn't really get a heart of what was caused by multiple scrocers. So you see an MS? You don't think that's a fire brought that on. Do you? No. Oh, maybe other drugs and stuff. Now what about the diabetes that Bob Lassard has got? What the complicated foot and the vision going and the kidneys, the beans going bad? I just mentioned that because, you know, people like to hear about it because we're all in denial. And just like you, I got very lucky with the genes. I got great genes. That's your reason my body's been able to do all this stupidity I've been doing for all these years. Eating ice cream and candy, a fat-old diet bed, it's like me. Ice cream and candy and 35 pounds overweight. Now of course once a pound of time I was a big much bigger cow. I think that I was the one who was packing about 240. And I'm like one, I need two. So at least I'm not gaining it back. At least I've maintained, but I got another 30. I would say, but third man. That same elusive 30 pounds to lose that I've had for a long time and eating a half a gallon of ice cream isn't conducive to losing weight. Not too great in the sunshine state. So I'm going to know more crap. And you want to make the same pledge right now. I'll make that pledge. Yeah, you're going to watch your ass with pledge, which you take probably a whole can. Maybe two. Here's the poll from Friday. Name something or someone's strictly for pseudo intellectuals. Kabbalah, 128. I don't even have some Jews thing. I don't know what it is. It's Madonna and a bunch of other artsy, fancy people. Oh, let's see what kind of silly designer. This is the age of designer religion. See the old fashioned ones, all the other whole fashion curie tails. They're not good enough. And by the way, let me ask you this. An apple a day keeps the doctor away, right? But what if what if doing a garden? What if do for you? If we weren't supposed to eat the apple, I can we got all these doctors now. Tell us, oh, what you got to have your seven servings, including a nice fresh apple a day. Huh? I bet you that every person who ever ate an apple, maybe there's the answer right there. It's so simple. You know, sometimes complicated issues. How come we all die? Maybe everybody who wants one apple will die. Do you ever think of that? I like apples. Me too. I love the right delicious apples. I like the green ones myself. No, green, make you. Oh, they can be the green apple. That's why they call it that. Not good. But a nice red delicious apple. So I'm going to tell you that right now, since Ron is health kick released I am. And if you need an apple, just one, you'll die. Think about it. Is there any argument with that? There's no argument. Kabbalah 220, Dennis Miller to 18. God, we hate him like for his what a jackass. Polo 11 19. Well, say this about Dennis Miller. I didn't like him before. You know, before we came in political right wing or a fanatic of Busha soccer. Polo 11 19. Classical news of 11 16 poetry 11 14. Oh, let's say a nice poem for the holidays. Jazz 100. As in the people who listen to the lot 94. It's crap. So cheap 69. They've Matthews van 64. Men's 63. You know anybody who's a member of men's. No good. Chest 60 opera. Is that opera? opera 59. Jeopardy 56. Anybody there watch Jeopardy? Yes. Love Jeopardy. Ha ha ha ha. Real Wheel of Fortune fan like you and your cell and I've just to just to pass by George. There's must begin. You some pretty good crap these days, huh? That's got to be it. You love Jeopardy. Jeopardy is awesome. 56 for sues. Four and films 51. Paris 48 inside the actual studio with James Lippton 44. Fang Schwei 42. Vaccaro 41. Now there's a game you ought to learn to play beast. Vaccaro. He's on the phone. He's on the phone doing what? He's on the phone. He's on the cell phone. Yeah, he's taking a car right now. Get out of here. He's taking a car. I'm in the show. He's taking a car on his cell phone. Give me with you in a minute. Get out of here. Because Vaccaro has got to do with the number of blind. Yeah, who was out on the phone? It was it was wedding stuff. Was what? Wedding stuff. The New Yorker magazine 38. Why in 33? What is your wedding? It was summer. NPR 32. Bridge 26. 2001. Space Odyssey 18. Paul Fiction 18. Kirby Intucias in 15. Art show is 12. Pink Floyd 12. Yoga 11. Blair Witch Project 11. Volvo is 10. Steely Dan 9. Zen 6. PBS 3 in the shining. Solomon Thade dos. Only 2. George and I were in that movie and ask. But I guess I guess these people liked it. Do you like the shining? I never did. You liked it. I never saw it. He liked Kirby Intucias. I did. I love Kirby Intucias. Fine, I've assumed it's so I can't come in. And did you see the shining? Yes. And it was okay. It was like much highly overrated. Yeah. Red rum. Red rum. Let's just do that until two o'clock. I'd run. All of it. We do have to interrupt it 11 o'clock for the Pat Riley press conference. Not. There's a listening remember. What was that press conference that we had? That they stuck on the Georgia. Oh, yeah. Joe is for the Marlons. Joe, you're already. It's going to be the Marlons manager. What? That was going to knock them all this morning. I took it back. We'll get to the pool. We already did it. What do you mean you took it back? Well, he was going to manage what used to be the Marlons. Right. Now he's managing a shadow or a little girl's team. Right. He said. He said maybe it'll knock the broadcast fees down quite a bit and off to. There's no way. These people have to be crazy to pay them for immediately broadcast rights fee when they're put like a double-eight team after the rest. But anyway, so we interrupted on the internet. So all our people online got screwed up. It would not be going to happen today. We're not carrying it on the air. We're not carrying it on the internet. See, they're okay. Let the other place have Pat Riley. Okay. And is here. And that that said the Goldensteam Rosenberg, whatever his name is from New York. And O.J. Who don't pull off on the air? Just to say, hello and goodbye. And I'm going to tell you, if I ever have to see, I will actually my 46th in Samsung HD, which I love. I will throw a brick through it. If I ever see Shannon Sharp again, what to be happy? Listen to me. How can he be on the air? If a white guy was on the air in black face, like Al Zorch and doing it, you know what I'm saying? Doing that routine. They would the NAACP would be on the phone. They'd be like picketing CBS. They'd be outside carrying out like mania's. He cannot be on the air. You dark folks out there. How can you allow that to go on, man? He is, I don't even know how I don't want to say in our articulate. I don't want to say like he's just scary as what he is. He can't speak. He cannot speak. And you know it. And I hear your Schmerkler in there in a back. He just don't want to say it. He cannot speak. He's not putting your word. He talks. Doesn't allow. I don't give a crap. There's plenty of black dogs who are articulate. They could speak. He's not one of them. Shannon not so sharp. My God, get off my TV. You maniac. Scary guy. Anyway, 1042 would QA. And by the way, if you see fat boy in all way, just knock him down. Yank is Walker. Just knock it down. This is why some pot down the floor. That nice. He's not nice. You're right. He's not the one these guys just sailing his way through life. In the truth is when you're to compare, you'll see why Ford is the bestselling brand of vehicles in the USA. And it's how Ford, the only dealer to shop at his Armstrong Ford of homestead. The holidays are upon us. Maybe your car was damaging during the hurricane. Maybe you should want to get yourself a great new ride for the holidays or for whatever. Well, as the time to get on down and see our friend David Rich, and let it put you ass behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. Right now, at Armstrong Ford, I'm saying they got some great offers and incentives. Get a $1,000 cash back or financing is low as 0% on a 4,500 or freestyle. If $5,000 cash back on a slower rest position, how about $2,000 cash back on the skate and $2,500 cash back on focus. Certain restrictions apply. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee the best price. And like I always tell you, they'll treat you great with velvet gloves because they want to make you happy and make you a customer for life. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place. No bait and switch. No phone need deals. So if you want the best price going and the best deal all the way around, called David Rich at 305, 24751, 12 and tell me what the Neil Deal. Armstrong Ford home to look at in 3075 South Fixie highway plenty. Easy minutes out to the 836. Check them on the web armshronecars.com and then drive a little bit extra. Maybe just a few miles but save thousands at Armstrong Ford of home state. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear. Allie McFeel purchase all the Christmas favorites. Allie McFeel purchase all the Christmas favorites listen to it while eating fruit cakes. 10273 can be performed on a lot of sick and look at our award winning schedule here today. We got the most back from broadcasting the Patriots devastating victory over the bills in Buffalo yesterday. He did the National Broadcaster. Tommy and radio. Yes. Nice going. And we still hate to like poison. Mad dog 4 to 7. He'll be 7 to 10 o'clock tonight. And then any kids and a first-in schedule. We got no ball games. We got no path again. We got no nothing. We got no power. Any press conference. Parallel is going to be the coach in the heat again for the 400 time. Then gun the ref resign for personal reasons. But again he got fired. This is the new deal. Especially in South Florida. Nobody ever gets fired. They resign for personal reasons. Right? They stepped down. Like to choose my sister. The brainstem. Same thing. That can't all he retired for personal reasons. 14. Every 12 votes on the poll about the Marlins. Speaking of which McGill was about to take a wicked shot at him. He realized he'd better not do it because he needs a paycheck. Correct. What's your take on a Marlins fire sale? I used the theorem fire sale loosely because it was way way beyond that. Like they just ate eviscerated the ball club. I couldn't give it to him at less 515. But that was my vote. 515. It's a slap in a face of the real fans 279. Screw the Marlins 242. By the way our goal today is a thousand votes on the poll. But since I put it up there on Friday night we have 1416 already. Nice going. Pack your bags boys. You're all done here 238. No problem. I'll still support the team 99.6.9% pretty weak. Pretty weak. Out of over 1400 votes 99 say no problem. I'll still support this horseball team and you know something those people are part of the problem. See those people would tell you oh where the real fans will stick with them. Try to know you're the problem. Because when owners do this with franchises that's when people should like rebel and nobody shows up when you agree with that. Well nobody's showing up anyways. This last season you're telling me nobody showed up. You get 10 minutes of still weight down. Team rating for a good radio. It was worse than the major leagues I would agree with that. But certainly better than the previous season when it was like minus and front all the attendance figures minus. Or they could just do like their famous for doing it. Like the Panthers do. Just triple it. Triple it at 5000. I'll never go again 29 and bought season tickets. I want my money back 12. We got 12 people about season tickets. Well good luck to you cause you not get your money back. They're telling you not only are they're not going to give your money back. But they're raising ticket prices this year. How do you like that as a slack and a face. We're going to put a horseball product out there. But because you people won't build us a stadium. We're going to like stick it to you. We're going to increase the prices. I would pack them a bunch of sandwiches. I call up right now. Call up the United City. Some get them a whole trailer to sandwiches and put them all on a bus and say bye bye boys. Because man if there's anything that did if anybody has ever screwed over even wained and do it quite like this. Did he? But he had to fire sale. Or he did a worth. He did it worse. What are you? How can he do it worse? All they got left is down for a Wilson Cabrera. They only two people they got on the team and had bomb guy. Whatever his name. Well that ain't a lot more people than we're left than any well they screwed the fans man. Even he admits it. Even squeaky from. What are those names? I think Delilah must have cut his hair short too because he sure the somebody defaulted that clown. So that's the deal we're cutting back and this is not the time to be doing it because it's the holidays is always some excuse. It's before that you lie everybody's having barbecues. It's Labor Day. We're having a big picnic in the backyard. We're figuring it's Thanksgiving. We're like 75 pounds of turkey and stuffing and all these other refined carbohydrates there. The potatoes and all that stuff. Yeah. Kill ya. It's my favorite part but it's a cure. And then of course now it's Thanksgiving and Chinooka New Year's server was going to be just another excuse. And do whatever you want. You know it's a free country to a point at least used to be before these Nazis took it over but do whatever you want. How did you give up lockies? I don't I have an at lockies man and I can in a long time. I don't even know where I have no idea where I would even go and get a potato pan. Well I made maybe I could find one I'm sure. I thought it'd use here but I don't know what is a good deli. Maybe Rimmer will come up and take me on a 40 mile ride to some deli where you break your knees sitting out of the table. People go through that again but I hope not. The rise of deadly new diseases such as SARS and birds who could be linked to the destruction of the environment the WH. Oh, said on Friday. Human health is strongly linked to the health of ecosystems which meet many of our most critical needs Maria Naira director of WH. It was department of protection of human environment told a news conference at the launch of a new report. Oh maybe it's almost launch time beast. Now you guys get in food in there today as you're hoping not. That's why Georgia sick all the time. I'm not hungry. Since they're eaten crap because after a small big fat one comes back in and sits in and eaten and eaten and eaten and eaten and she'll all I crap man. Then he told me about his wild VMs all the other stuff. It's pathetic. This man is always sick. I think the wife got something to do with it though. Stress. Might want to think about it beast. Do you mind what are we considered this? Population growth and economic development we're leading to rapid change is the your girlfriend a good cook. The fiat's ain't cannot cook for anything. Oh thank god for that. But I mean that's a more specific thing. It's going to be eating out a lot. I can cook for you. No comment. Population growth and economic development we're leading to rapid changes in global ecosystems and this was affecting human health reports. It said natural resources such as water, food, fuel and climate were important to prevent diseases and sustain good health as many human diseases originated animals. Such diseases including influenza tuberculosis and measles established themselves in human populations after crossing from domesticated animal species including chickens cattle and dogs. As a result of human actions, the structure and the world's ecosystem changed more rapidly in the second half of the 20th century than any other time in human history. How do you like that? About 60% of the benefits that the global systems provided this sport life out of are being degraded and used substantially to be reported. Which have all more than 13 advanced sports worldwide harmful consequences human over being fell and could grow significantly worse over the next 50 years. For us everything for some of us that we're all going to be dead pretty soon because it's going to be really ugly what's going on. It's going to be nasty. And they're going to say, oh how do this happen? Why it must be another active god he must be pissed off. How many QAM hello? I don't know. Speaking of guys at the time this week and I don't know if you've heard a pizza place dying in my amicol Frank is pizza. Sure. For Frank passed away this week and on Saturday. Yeah this was a bad weekend for people dying. I was serious. I was just there on Saturday having some pie one of them was that daughter wasn't that turns out that the problem had passed away. What a nice guy was. Yeah, that's a nice people. I was people died people died early in the bastards of to be 100. Absolutely freaking the last time. I'm talking about it. I have myself a pint of one of those hugging on the ice cream this week and oh, don't know more man. Make that the last one. No, no, no, no. No, you cannot see that's what I say too. We've predicted the sugar is an excuse. Don't do it. You get that big spoonful in your mouth. Don't do it. I'm telling you. Thank you man. So what happened to him? That's right. All right, I'll go eat. No more. No mask, baby. No mask. No mask. No more discolored. Anybody who doesn't believe in the Atkins diet, your full of crap. I'll let me just say this to you. Even if you don't lose weight on it, if you really stick to it, which is very difficult. But if you stick to it, it'll get that blood sugar in your pregnancy rides down and you'll live another 20 years. As long as you don't fall down on a frozen sidewalk like Dr. Bob. Not a good deal. Not good idea. Found out on the frozen tumbra and they're going into a coma. Anyway, oh, here's the article about gene recovery. Well, nobody at nobody listening except the old folks like me have any idea who he was. How could you know, how could all this happen so fast? You know, Vietnam came and went and 58,000 kids came and bought him. And I say it came and went and took a hell of a long time like about 15 years. Now let's see, 63 about the 12 years. And another war based on lies were totally unacceptable, totally for no reason at all. And another hard ass prison would admit that he was a full of crap Johnson. Just like we got now, or Johnson least did some good things in the civil rights movement stuff like that. At least Johnson wasn't like, but we're going to put all the rest from Texas. Former Minnesota Senator Eugene McCarthy was in surgeon campaign toppled a sitting president in 68 and forced them or credit party to take seriously his message against the war in Vietnam died Saturday. He was 89. That's old enough. When you agree? Yep. Not bad. And not only that, he died in a sleep at the retirement home in the Georgetown neighborhood where he'd lived for the past few years as some Michael said, or retirement home. Like I said, not good. You want to die in a retirement home? No. I can cemetery village. If they have slots for that, they'll be good. I'm dying on the here. Yeah, I can just see it now. I can just see the be sitting there at the 20th and the quarter wheel at the penny wheel of fortunes. Waiting for his next spin and it comes up a 20 20 cent. Do you know that they actually have, I can't believe that they have penny slot machines? No. Yes. There's a whole bunch of now would buy them. penny slot machines. What kind of slot there's pay? Well, I guess those people that get on the bus and go out there, although smelly people. Wow. Well, I'm not old lately because I got that new formula man. When in doubt, you get ahead. You fix an amount. You know, all the pinning a how much of a slipper you are or if you got the few bucks. You get ahead of certain amount and you you you run to the door. So if you're first spin you get up that amount you're leaving. If I if my first spin, I hit like 2,000 on the line and I've got it. Not not the first spin by me in the first few minutes. Yeah, you run to the door and you go out. I told Hank several months ago. I mean talk about stupid. I once went, I'm playing a five dollar machines. Okay, real fortune. I put in 300 bucks and over about a 10 minute period. I get three spins one for 2,500, whatever they were. The total was 36. I'm ahead 3300 bucks in 10 minutes. Now what should I have done? Leave. Run to the door. Not leave. Run to the door. What if you're having fun? See, that's the question. Are you there just to kill time or are you there to try to win some money? Right. Now the money isn't going to change my life, but I'm also not there to lose my assy. So the deal is when you get ahead X number of dollars fill in the black or more you run to the door. And I stayed on that day. I was at 3300 bucks in 10 minutes and I lot of staying. Oh, I'll just play the dollars till I get it out of 2000. You know, whatever. Assuming you've been hit something big again, you know. How much of losing that day? Not good. Not good. So in your case when you got a family with all the big bucks your family's got in the dead who's got a real bad gambling problem. When you get ahead 10 bucks or more ahead for the door. This is the meal on run. This is 5.16. This is the meal on your shelf. You can't find it and run your Xbox. No we need a story at it's run. Means your anger time has begun. Single bell jingle bell there out of stock. Mike Frisalskot. One every kid wants. Parents have chest number laws everywhere. Now the parents are here. The baby hands are shelves are shelves. They come out. They told about right away. When's the same time you'll hear your kid. Why? Since it's really just as we can. Good to say. So remember, remember the view of a disease. Your kid will be so hot. Strangle bill makes gold that would be neat. That's the way to get. I know it's over. I'm out of stock on it's bar. Rock solid. 1103 plus when you get home won't work anyway. Who cares? 1103 a QA. I don't want to read too many stories because McGill is there today under Dores. This is supposed to be as they often. Okay. And George you know, calls him. Oh, I'm sick. And I'm going to go with a fever for a change. You know, it's getting a little on the ponderous side, George. Maybe he like moved out of the house. It'd be a good idea. Probably kitchen from those pennies as kids in the wife. If he moved in with his girlfriend. You know, that's always a good idea. Move him with your girlfriend, right? Yeah. And go home once in a way while to write some checks maybe. And you know, take a little stress. That's it. So the stories that I got. Now here's the choice. It'll dug Thompson from Kepler Hill Blue, which is one of our favorite websites. Department of Homeland Security admits air marshals overreact an airport shooting in Miami. That's one. Seven year old at the wheel after hitting run in Fleming's Burk and Tucky. That's another. Dying cops shoots a pranosec from sure you heard that. That's another one. Or I'm still Angelina Jolie's lesbian lover. Which of those stories do you want to hear? Yes. What about you, Beast? I'll take the last one, please. I see. This is from the Brit online the sun. How can we don't get the good stuff in the USA? I just get crap in American papers. So many bad papers. That's why they're all going out of business. People are trying to read near crap. People on a read informative stuff like this. Absolutely. Angelina Jolie's lesbian lover has given this one to the star's boyfriend Brad Pitt. There was never been an ending to her and I think they were never will be. Submodel Jenny Shimitsu. I think we'll continue to have a deep relationship. It really goes beyond just the sex. She doesn't say how deep. Are we out of play? How deep is your love by the B.D.s. But we won't. I do have that here somewhere. Remember if it all is B.D.song? I got a whole bunch here too. That's not playing it. Okay. Jenny is spoken for the first time about her steamy 10 year relationship with bisexual Angelina Jolie and her belief that branch relationship may be short live. Maybe short. And the relationship too. 10.2 Jenny says oh, she is oh man. You know who this is if you see her? No. Oh, you don't want to see her. Come on. Don't ruin it. Don't ruin it. What? You wouldn't want to see a bull frog doing something with this bitch. Oh, good. God. She is grotesque and that a big ass ugly tattoo. Oh and look what look what it is. Wait. I just realized what I can't say it on the ear. It's like a figure that looks like Wonder Woman writing a phallus shaped spaceship thing. I will. You want to add a one. 10.2 Jenny says she always have lovers that she relies on. If she can ring you and you can meet up, then she can take care of her. Then she can take care of her sexual needs. Whatever she calls me up, I visit her. It's not always the case that we have sex. Sometimes we go to a property in Cambodia and explore the jungle. Oh, I have a good line for that. But you always said that we were all very done. Yeah, I know. Don't sit. It's definitely more of a deeper friendship. She's the person I'll always care about. Always helping always be there for us as the very meest Jenny. Grow tess. And let's see. In Angelina, Sandra said it would be sweet that I am sky one. Jenny tells to notice closely how the pair of head secretly is on to away from frying eyes. If you leave now, you can make it to London time to watch it. Not too late. It's five hours ahead. She has never met Brad, who's split from his wife, friend, star Jennifer Aniston to be with Angelina. Brad and Jennifer are now divorced. All the signs have been that he wants to stable family. And family life with his Mrs. Smith co-star, even wanting to become the official dad of her two adopted children. However, from her cabin, Klein model Jenny has your dons about what the future holds for Brad. She says it seems like he comes from a different place. He wants to have kids. He wants to have a perfect marriage. She's a tough woman who will do everything she wants to. I don't think there's any way of controlling Angelina. She's not going to be just some housewife. Oh, and then here's a picture of her and Angelina. Oh, God. She is. She looks like an ugly guy when he can write down to it. Now that I see her, she's wearing like a tank top. I definitely hold her. Jenny was also an actress began sleeping with Angelina when they met on the set of the movie Drama Fox Far, which was shot in 1993 in Portland, Oregon. The pair played lovers. The model remembers the first time the girl under relation spilled under in the real life. She says, I had never been so tender with another person that was with her. I was 24, I had experienced many relationships with women before and I was in the point of my career where I was very cocky. During Brace in filming Fox Far, I got to sit down with this person Angelina and spend two weeks with her meeting them and talking and with them before I think that sexual. Then it's the plural. Maybe she's not talking about, it's just talking about her breasts. I actually felt like I was caring about someone much more than just simply having sex and I didn't feel there was a straight girl that was just betting in. She was going to freak out the next morning. We had established such a nice relationship. I felt as girl would have, would have me back no matter what. I knew this person would be Laura Wonderful to Me. Our relationship only got closer to the minute that we had finished being together. I felt intent. I should probably stop reading this, should I? No. Huh? Well, we get the point. No, no, it's worth continuing. Okay. Sure. I felt in tense emotions. I felt in tense emotions from her. From that minute we hung out together. Angelina had a boyfriend after Johnny Lee Miller, but that didn't stop her from starting the lesbian affair. Johnny, who appeared in East Enders, is Jonathan Hewitt before heading for Hollywood. Mary, Angelina, 96, they were divorced four years later. I wonder if he was Kim Bifoster Hewitt. Jenny says Johnny knew of their intimate relationship with still married Angelina or maybe late in Hewitt's attenence player. When the marriage broke down Angelina said, I probably would have married Jenny if I hadn't married Johnny. To follow that, we got it following. Here is Jenny. Jenny who last year married Rebecca Loosen, a US TV show because the early days of Angelina, she says we used to visit script clubs and there was this tension. After the second week of filming week finally kissed, she is beautiful. Her mouth is amazing. I've never kissed anyone with a bigger mouth than Angelina. It's like two water beds. It's like this big kind of warm, mushy, beautiful thing. Her mouth is. She's a gorgeous woman. We were already sleeping together when I met Johnny while on Fasper. She told both of us how she felt and we all went out to dinner one night. She was honest. That's how she's been her whole life. We didn't have a three-stem. I'm not really in the bed. It was a friendship the three of us had, but there wasn't very much conversation with Johnny. I think it was very threatened by me. There goes Johnny. Angelina was 19 at the time she embarked on her first lesbian relationship with the model. Jenny says she's a very dominant personality. Once you display his love for you, she wants to know how much you care about her. It's not so much we'd drift in leather capes and masks and there were chains. It was emotional. I would restrain her with my arms, but we didn't get into buying stuff. We just used whatever props were available if we wanted to. She was a collector of knives and taught me about them. Jenny is lost out of a number of times she and Angelina have made love. She says, it's been an ongoing thing for the past decade. So how safe is Brad with Angelina? Jenny adds, maybe she would settle down and be with one person, but I think she goes looking for excitement all the time. Her passion is people and it's hard to just settle down with one person when you have a whole world in front of you. I'm not saying she sleeps with a lot of people, but I can't imagine her just being married being happy. So there you go, Angelina's only and it's real me as looking, oh my god, holy, molded with a big tattoo. Enough to make you kill yourself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I think that's enough for the, probably I'll get a lot of good calls in between now and two, don't you think? Sure, what? 14, 7, 4 votes are goals of 1,000 by two o'clock. See this is an idea if we start today's pull like a weekend hit on the online that we can sit down and have like 15,000 votes. WQA and hello, not there, what a shame. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Good. They speak in a Mr. Shana Sharpsist more and I thought of a full idea. There were a lot of people on radio or TV. Yeah. He parted the hairlip across the street. Joe's a gacky. Joe's a gacky. Who's the, who's the hairlip across the street? Who's that? Have you ever heard this week? No, I am. I miss. He sound a little better than when he more says. I see. I'm not kidding. Nice. Move it, our Joe. You're doing it, baby. They're very cool. Oh, sure, but I doubt it. Thank you, Neil. Okay. Thank you, sir. There's an idea. Much mouth. You ever have much mouth? How can we have any more tips on here? I'm looking at this schedule. I would be surprised how days coming really soon if we start having some real, like let's see. Well, Curtis and Troy on Friday for a mad dog because that dog's working Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. By the way, can you believe that? By the way, consecutive days in the same week. Spire court. Yes, you know who's now working for the other station. For the other station, there's a street porter in the hole. All the ace in a hole? Yeah. Is that as an ace hole? As in Josh Friedman. Oh, my God. Wow. Now, is that my psychic powers again coming through talking about fat people? We're going to be dead pretty soon. Josh Friedman? Yeah. He's got more fat on his eyelids and you've got on your fat ass. This is Neil Rogers. This is bottom-examined in the aroma that can put you in a trauma. Hey, that came one to get me in the street in the hole. We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me. Josh Friedman. Happy birthday to everybody. Now, stand in here. I'm funny if you don't come here, man. Josh Friedman. He's a wickest kid. I'm telling you that I'm telling you that I'm telling you that I'm telling my profound. Hey, hey. Got so fat his got sick, loaded. Do we wreck it while all they're going? There's things all up and down and just to hold in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me. Josh Friedman. Hey, keep out there. There's more to go like me. Yeah, I think he does. Don't go near me. Josh Friedman. Come here. Come here. Slowly. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Oh, I know it. There we go. I knew it. There we go. I knew right the very ass in too. Okay. Well, it's good thing for those square yellows. Oh, yeah. Fifteen hundred six votes on a pool. What's your take on a Marlins fire sale? I couldn't give a Schmidt last 553 a slap in a face of the real fans. Two ninety. Screw the Marlins. Two sixty one pack your bags boys. You're all down here. Two fifty. No problem. I'll still support the team. 108, seven point one percent of the people out there who just beglead to pay the sea crap. I'll never go again 31 and a bar cheese and take this amount of money back 13. That's what I'm lucky 13 because you ain't getting them. Sockers. I bet you. I bet you that the only person in the building who was really said did you see Josh Friedman go, which is several years ago. Now is the beast. Well, I said, because it's always been to have somebody fatter and more disgusting than you are bottling around. Oh, that's right. We already figured out about fat boy. So as long as as long as he's still around. Hi, you're safe. Fat. 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 leave right by you don't think Josh Friedman was who was bigger fat boy or him? It's a toss of that. Yeah. I know who's spell was. I guarantee that. How many Q. I am? Hello. Is your fur. What's up? That. Maybe. So whisperers. The whisperers back. Where you been? Oh, no. Are you been? Yeah. Yeah. The whisperers back. Well, we sure missed you. Like a gigantic hemorrhide. Look at that full man. These people are far today. Or what? I think we should play bits between now and Christmas. Don't you want between now and New Year's. Huh? Sounds fun to me. Give me one. Try to eat. See? There's that. I can go to all these stories here, which have a whole polygons stuff up with a yellow. Do they unexpectedly? I sure want to get him all bent out of shape. Well, no. You listed off some good stuff. No, no. What do you mean good. So in other words, now I have to run by the headlines and find out if you approve or not. Oh, no. You got me. You got me. You got that Mr. Censor. Mr. Contraryon. Whatever to have you are going by this week. What's through that? Good. Golly Miss Molly. What do we to start the week? I'm sitting here and I just I just I had that feeling. Well, let's hear about the language. I did what? Let's hear about Colenjolo. The kid who shot the cop. How many QAM? Hello. New, how are you? Pretty good, Pally. Listen, uh, because you read that Angelina's Jolie article again. I didn't know how. Hello. WQAM. Hello. I'm happy with you. Okay. Good. WQAM. Hello. Two am. Hey. The three. Good morning. What's up, man? What do you got, Pally? Say what? What do you say? I see. That's why I thought he's owed. I must have been Shannon. Hey, listen, don't take it person. I want to. I want you to. Okay. Much mouth. Get off my TV. I'm I wish it was a way you could just block certain people off your TV. That's just channels. But just certain people. That if they came on to think what I'll make like black out or go to one of the channel. Black out. Yeah. That's what I do when I see Shannon and Cher if I go to a black out. I don't know. That's that what the racial card now. Would you please? QAM. Hello. To I am. No. Yes. Yes. You said Diego, You more. No. I see we're talking super. Because we're the Miami dolphin. Yes, you that. I got news for a man. Kissed kiss the ground. I actually want a couple of games. All these people deluded themselves year after year after they never get tired of doing it. Either always the same old repetitive crap. All words were smell and super bold. Maybe we're and now we got to figure out they're going to They're going to sweep the deck and they're going to go 9 and 7 and then the Patriots are going to lose their last three games. Right. In fact, the last game of the season is that the wing of the dolphins add the wing them. Can you smell it? Can you smelly rum with that? And let's see the Patriots got three games that they got the bucks into the wing of the lion next week. Don't they play the jets again in the dolphins? I believe so. They play the jets again. Well, I just I think a forfeit would be an early night game. WQAM hello. Now we go to Super Bowl. Although the jet speed open yesterday, which shows you again the National Media How quickly leave just how bad it is. It's it's pretty weak. WQAM hello. Yeah, when that more speed. He makes warm cramardi being like Winston Churchill. Next one point I couldn't remember. Have a great life. Yeah, and that more. In fact, what does he do the exhibitionist games that often games on the local field of these sidelines? Oh, he did. Good guy horrible just horrible on here been belong here for like even to say hey how you doing and I'm not even that much Not even a hay part. Lion eye is my favorite QAM hello. The George of time. Yes. WQAM hello. QAM hello. Hi Neil. Good afternoon. Good morning. Yeah, good. I know it's a beautiful day, but anyhow, I read you and Hank the other morning you were discussing both Yeah, and for some reason, apparently neither you nor Hank has really attend. So why is that? What does that mean? I understand. What I mean, they're putting a lot of money in the that facility. I haven't done I haven't been to a server no way. You worked there. You're part of the Estrone. Oh, I'm not happening living the adventure area. I don't like the type of negative of electricity. I don't really care what you like. How do you like that, Sally? Well, did you finally get a new wardrobe or? No, I did not. Well, this is the wardrobe. When you got some new material, let's hear it. Oh, let's see. I want to see if I'm my wardrobe. How about my bathrobe? I think that's what you want. What do you wear right now? I'm wearing a my pants in a shirt and an undershirt and tea. You know socks. What color? Not color. Kind of fabric. Brindle. And this is the guy. Find the guts of new material. Look at the start up, you know, Mr. Contrarian. And we already got Miguel there. Okay. We don't need your aircraft today pal. Gulfstream. Forget about Gulfstream. It's pathetic. It's a plan. I'm not 90 yet. If I make it till 90, then I'll attend Gulfstream and I'll open up my racing form. I'll wait till about 20 seconds to post time. Maybe I'll post time. And I'll go to the window and I'll open up to form. And I've like 40 people behind me dancing for months for the other trying to get a bed in before the bell goes off in a race starts. And I'll stand there with a form over well. Give me no one over to four seven eight. Now wait a minute. Give me a year like that. That's why we don't go to Gulfstream. Okay. It is obnoxious. And addition and maybe it'll be fine after they spend all that money. What's that got to do with the past history? Okay. They're going to spend all of this money and they're going to build a polacial one. Great. Let me know what looks what it's done. I know the beast will be. They're in fact you can go right out on the way home. You can head right up to Hershey Highway. We're right up federal highway. They don't have the S-flot yet. No end six months in the summer time. Oh, yeah, yeah, trust me. I'll be there. Yeah, right after you're winning. Okay. Try to save a little take some of that winning money. Some of that funding money. You take a run up there to Gulfstream. Punge your guts out. Just said to go in the fight. Don't waste your time. Go to the $5 row. We'll afford some slots. And just send it in man like my friend Derek says. Don't be afraid. Send it in. Punge your guts out. And in your case, that's a big plunge. 27 past 11. It's five. So you get all our good friends today. And this is this is South Florida and the holiday season. The warmth, the camaraderie. This is why you got a love it. Be an out of there. I mean, I haven't done it for a long time. Many, many, many years of our drive concepts and their fantastic job. They do for you for cleaning your carpets and making looks just like brand new. With a holiday season here, it's time to make the call to have a home completely sanitized and not just the carpets either. Because drive concepts also specialize in a post-recleaning, leather cleaning, drape cleaning, or yet or rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, master's mattress clean, get rid of those dust mites and let's more. And very often, the assembled ride concept has a special offer. It'll keep you sleeping like a baby. No matter how you clean your home, it's almost impossible to eliminate those nasty dust mites. You can't see them, but they're there. And you know the dust mites are the number one cause of allergies as well. So do yourself in your family a humongous favor. Get rid of those dust mites today by calling drive concepts. Well, dear to your carpeting, you're a post-releather furniture drapey or regular rugs or this month's special dust my cleaning the only company ought to be calling his drive concepts. They do a fantastic unbeatable job every time they give you a written guaranteed price upfront, you can't be them with a stick. And daybrow to the palm beaches called drive concepts toll-free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071-RUN-RUN-RWICID-WAB. Drive concepts.com. I have one cup thin morning then. Then is the whole damn part. I think I've seen this I went with a coffee. Where's where the coffee is? Your tassel-free. You probably think this song is about you. Your tassel-free. I'll bet you think you're done with that coffee. Don't you still shoot? 233, it's not really that funny of a bit, but I'd just like to sing. You know, when you agree, agree. What's up to like about Carly Simon? The HS report admits air marshals over a thin air port shooting right stock Thompson, Kevel Hill, blue. Although the department claims otherwise publicly, a confidential internal report was in the Department of Homeland Security admits air marshals overreacted when they gun down a Florida man in MIA last week. We can remember vividly like was only a moment ago, right? The report which may never be released publicly confirms that preliminary interviews with witnesses conflict with these statements, so the air marshals who claimed that regular bear to alphys are shouted he had a bomb when a bomba has he stormed out a plane and a jet weight here for it. Although witnesses claim conflict the information, none of those interrogated, following and some collaborate any utterance by the suspect that he, the possessed a unintended detonate and explosive device report says. No bomba. At a permanent Homeland Security source unhappy with what he called the agencies blatant attempt to whitewash this incident, disclosed the contents of the report to capitalial blue. Publicly, the HS and the air marshals service claimed that the two agents who brought down alphazard and a hail of bullets from their 357-6-hour handguns, acted with in guidelines for handling potential terrorist activities. He was belligerent, he threatened that he had a bomba in his backpack, claimed Brian Dorel DHS, folksman. The officers clearly identified themselves in the L. that him to get down, get down, and steady made a move for the backpack. I think anybody with a backpack on the illegal just shoot him. Can you read? From his unusual intrading when you see a guy traveling with a backpack? Extremely unusual. I travel with a backpack. Like I said, but alphazard, oh my, can you just imagine the explosion of heat to come in the purpose? Alphazard, a 44-year-old naturalizer, a naturalizer American citizen from Costa Rica suffered from bipolar disorder and hadn't taken as prescription medicine to control a condition. The home depot employee who lived in mainland Florida did not have a bomb and witnesses on the scene to speak to Marshall's claim that he shouted that he did have one. I can tell you he never said a thing in that airplane never called out yet a bomb to follow past your Jorge Borrelli in Orlando, architect. He just wanted to get off the plane and pass you John McLean. He answered alphazard was clearly agitated but said nothing about a bomb. I never heard the word bomb until the F.B. I asked me, did you hear the word bomb? McLean, he says other federal officers stormed on the plane pointing guns and passengers and demanding they put their hands in front of them. I was on the phone with my brother. Somebody came down the island and put a shotgun to the back of my head and said put your hands on the seat and front of you. Put your gland and a hands of the man. I got my cell phone karate chopped out of my hand, McLean. He says the air marshals claimed alphazard or whatever his name is. They're going to get on the ground with the man. Instead reached into a bag he was carrying. McLean he says the bag was a fanny pack. If you see a guy with a fanny pack you can't get on the ground with a fanny pack. He said he had to move it to the side. Another page uses alphazard period agitated but not threatening. His wife was telling him calm down but other people get on the plane it will be all rights as alphan turpeck. I thought maybe he's afraid of flying. Jim vower especially he did charge of the marshals' orifice in mind. He claimed the killing was justified. The threat presented itself away believe was this is already used deadly force vower said. But that's continued with those who witnessed the incident and those doubts are expressed in an internal DHS memo that may never see the light of day. The government, of course, to week as officially demanded an investigation explanation of the killing of alphazard, President Pacheco said the shooting resulted from American paranoia about terrorism and he just might be absolutely correct. I think yes. 560 pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. What do you suppose are we the week that it must be because George is as sick you think that's it. That's got to be it. It's our fault. WQAM hello. See not even in our line one. QAM hello. Good morning how are you? When is to you? Listen I am glad you read that article and I think that's the more I think about this guy on the plane the more I think who cares? I really don't care. This is what happens. This is a price. He was wearing backpack around the front too. This is a little peculiar. This is a price of what I don't know what that means. Well, let me tell you something. I'm at least as liberal as you are but it comes to stuff on planes. You remember Senator named Bans Hart key who made a crash out of bomb in the 70s. That's why they carted his butt to jail. You have a name of the student. No name of the student because well, you know, it was 9 to 11. Excuse for everything I know but if this guy didn't do what he was told and this guy. What about the guy in London and in the Q? I think he also had a backpack. Do you remember that? It had a backpack and about a bay. And then they lied about that. They made up all kinds of cramp that he said he never said any of it. It's called overreaction. Baby it's called trigger happy. It's called crazy people overreacting. Well, all things to consider. I think we're lucky we've gone four years before anybody got wasted in an airport. If you know what I mean. I mean, four months, four years in final 11. I'm surprised it was the first guy they've taken down. Yeah. Well, I'm sure that his family feels exactly the same way. Okay. Good luck, you pal. Yeah. That's right. It's going to be somebody to be the first one, right? Somebody got to break the ice. Somebody's got to do that's right. Break the ice. Break the seal. You got it. Fleming's broken. Tucky. Police got a surprise when they stopped a van following hit and run crashing Kentucky's mountain parkway. A 70 year old boy was at the wheel sitting on his father's land. 70 year old boy. Now, I don't know about you but I have seen in my lifetime in various neighborhoods. I've seen people in their generally in pickup trucks but not always. I've seen people with their little kids driving. They're sitting like we son. It's one thing to teach your kid to drive. We all have talked to drive by our parents or least most of us. Right. But when you're like 10 years old or in this case, seven not a good idea. Remember that little girl that was flying the plane what that was her name? You remember the one? Yeah. Oh, she was like, how old was she? Six. Six for seven. Yeah. Was she really? Seriously. We got a bit about that somewhere in here but anyway. This kid was seven years old. He was at the wheel. But he was sitting on daddy's land. Donald Everett Waters, 39 out of Fleming's bird faces two felony counts of wafin endangerment and numerous other charges following the incident Friday afternoon. When police cut up with the van on I-64 in Kentucky, Waters was working the foot pedals in a subcody was on his life steering. Clark County Sheriff Deputy Ricky S. D. said he described Waters as semi-conscious. Semi-conscious. He was in Florida for Grand Outlaw. He was in Kentucky. Same difference. I just wasn't conscious. There you go. Jessica, you're up by the way. I mean you're pregnant? Seven years old Jessica, you're up by the way. Seven years old Jessica, you're up by the way. She was seven. Yeah. I wonder if you could make it. But two with seven. Oh, I know we got a bit. Is that the one? That's what it is. That's it. It's coming off soon. Anyway, Waters through a Waters three year old son was also in the van. S.D. said he said he said it appeared Waters had been living out of the vehicle. He was and guess where he was going? To the store. He was unrupped to Florida and he said his son was going to get him there. His son was going to grab a Florida. The children were taken by social services. Waters mean while faces several charges including resisting arrest. The other day he concealed deadly weapon leaving the scene of an accident and grabbing out of the influence. But I would not be able to just find. Seven year old kid, little trouble controlling this that baby. 1553 votes on a pool. It's not looking good for your feelings about your Florida Marlins. I'm smelling super bowl man for those fish. That gust for a man. He just picked them apart yesterday like, like, mince me. One of the beautiful thing if you're a doll fan. That was sweet. 1553 votes. What's your take on a Marlins fire sale? I couldn't give a Schmidt less. 566. It's a slap in a face of the real fans 301. Screwed a Marlins 273. Pack your bag boys you're all done here. 277. No problem. I'll still support the team. 113.2% 113 people who obviously have no life. They got nothing better to do. And watch a little league baseball. I'll never go again 34. I'm going to get a catch. Yeah. He was a fighter. I don't know if you had the pot open. I did actually hit the monster. You're a bastard. Oh, what a shame. So how was your close the pot? You're going to break? Huh? Who's writing the board? Me? And you closed the pot from here when you run the board? No. Then you just didn't even know what you're doing. I'm going to get a catch. I'm going to get a catch. Who's writing the board? Me? And you closed the pot from here when you run the board? No. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, that's good. So during the next break, which is why I'm going to drop in there. 18 till noon at 2 a.m. The Amro coast is Florida's number one aging group. Maybe a phase rate is not just by me, but by the get restaurant review. And I'll every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest. Featuring main lobster served thermator or star. And every night at the Amro coast is crab fest with last can snow crab legs. Dungeon is crab and jota stone crabs. The men you still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell or sushi bar with over 30. But turn in the end. The items looking back at you. The Amro coast also served New York state's juicy and delicious cooked in order to weigh 11 in handcar prime rib. And on the weekends for dessert, we've room for the Amro coast famous gigantic 40-inch chocolate fountain. And you can hand dip your own strawberries. Marshmallows all kinds of different treats. Just stick them in there. Don't forget the Amro coast for more self-reliving. No crab, the WMSD, no cornstarch. They cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol for canola oil. And don't forget also that the Amro coast will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Three can be in locations to serve you. They're in sunrise and hours with femur pines. Nin five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. Make reservations now for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day at the Amro coast for real holiday. Pickout nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. This is New Rogers. This is five sixteen. All the slime all the time. That predicts a great this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. Do we be our world? Christmas. Just one time. Just one time. Just hand or wax music presents. Elmer funds, Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible. Jingle bells, bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh what fun is you why in one heart so far away? Oh what fun you have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved mother of WMSD. Who's on the way? No, it's wained in. Has a very shiny note. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well. Elmer funds, Christmas classics, not available in stores. And when you receive your seven to mail, you'll know why. Oh everybody, I show hope you like my Christmas classics. So call toll free out one eight hundred. But Apple Wagers are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town. I'm 48 twelve minutes till noon. I say we play all day holiday classics between now and midnight when you say. Go for it. Every day between now and new years. Let's hear it. Well there's no calls on the board might as well. 5.670560 is going to be a pretty grim and lean the remainder of the year. And of course, all these people around are playing there on the way to somewhere. You know for the holidays, right? I wish. Why did driving his van? No, I could do it. I was playing on the car somewhere. All the snowboards are back in, but all the Floridians they were smart to get out of town. Oh by the way. Yes. I'm going to go out of the turnpike and the woman's there for like at least 10 minutes. And I see them going back in the 12 person. And I pull up to the total route after the show. Oh, I had to explain to them what a toll was. Someone from Canada. It was horrible. Now when it from Quebec probably some sheep. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Quebec play all probably who she's gave. Oh yeah, they really are. They're pathetic. They make the ducks look generous. How many QAN? Hello. They're probably kids. They're a woman's there for. QAN? Hi Neil. Yes sir. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Good morning. How are you? Great. I listened to you every morning. And I believe it was Friday. Left the car with your station on after listening to you. Thinking back in the car. So about Manaclocke at night. Turn the radio on. Yeah. I don't know who was speaking. But oh my goodness. I think I could have done a better job on the radio. I would be surprised if it was Lady Marquez. Let me know a little bit of this. Take the Missier out of Red Day car. I'll talk to Miami. There's how like that? Yep. That was Lady Marquez. I, you know, it was so exhausting to listen to. But it, I was almost compelled to listen because it was so bad. Yeah. It was camp. In fact, we're going to send Lady to camp pretty soon. Hopefully you won't come back. All right. Neil, I have a good day. Good luck to us, Kelly. Like I said, the start of the show. And I'm not saying this is to be amusing or to be a bit you or whatever. We got more people on the year who don't belong on the year. And that's because it's a bush league market at that time. It was big. Oh, when he sounds just fine. It was who? Biggo. No, he's not talking about biggo. He's talking about when it. Not a clock on Friday. Well, whatever time was was Lady Marquez on Friday. No, he would. No. No. Are you sure? I am sure. Well, well, the biggo doesn't belong on either. So if he didn't like the biggo on the year, he really would love it. Now, the biggo he speaks in Spanish, baby talk. But you like it because you understand what he's saying. First, he's a pretty embarrassing. No. But we got a lot of other people. It's just a doona. For example, on Thursday, I'm looking at this week's schedule after three very tough shows in a row. Mad Dog, who needs a long rest after three shows. Although the one on Tuesday is only 2 and a half hours. Because of the pants again. But we got Joe's a gacky on for Mad Dog from Smokey Bowls on Thursday. And everybody knows. There's a gacky stock, okay? Well, this won't say because he's got his head up, Joe's butt. For whatever reason, I'm not really sure. Yeah, exactly. I mean, Joe doesn't belong on it. He's got it. He needs a personality transplant. Although he sure makes those hurried king games very exciting. Don't you just, everybody in town loves it when he goes. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. See, when when you hand the personality of a dullard, and then you try to be exciting. And that's a bad mistake. Go kill the old guy. Go to the go to the go to the be exciting. But it. He's a guy. And it's a guy. Ah, crap. Now he's doing the opposite. Like a squirrel, a petal and child. I want your comment. We have an advice on for wild bug, Keldies performance on the pants or games. Well, I think he's going to a great job, actually. Fuck. I said the beast knows nothing about hockey or hockey broadcast. But that's okay. Well, he's doing a phenomenal job. No question about it. He doesn't agree. We all agree on that, right? Five, six, seven, five. You said you're so full of crap. You are the worst hypocrite I've ever known in my life. There's not even anybody close to you. You, oh, off the year. Fuck. Fuck. What was about? No matter what. Oh, you're here. You're so. Everybody man. But on the air, you're sucking heavy duty. It's a miracle that your insides don't explode. God. Always the same thing. It was because you were a pretty job. I think you're safe. I don't think, hey, because of the only guy you ever worked with. It hasn't constantly said let's get him off the show. It's a foul at point. Joe Rose was always saying, let's get him off the show. He's getting off it. And the frow, you're not friend for a while. You're like you're going smoke and dope with or whatever. He did the same thing with always blaming you for his failures. Come any QA and hello. Hey, what's going on, Neil? How you doing, sir? Good. Just a question that doesn't bug you me. And maybe you can give it some insight. Although, I don't know if you watch it a lot. It's probably talked during the day. It's also going to day and it seems like that all they have on it is, is Mark the vingoyum. And I don't know. I'm Jewish myself. And it's like, I know there's none of us are themselves. It is written in the Torah, sir, that Jews don't go on the TV talk shows. Okay, that should answer your question. It is written. Now, it was the answer for me. It was written. But your primitive ignorant superstitious tools wrote a bunch of crap. Well, the good book says here we are the year 2005. If you want to know the reason that the human race and the globe is in the shape it's in today is because thousands of years later, we're still allowing the masses are asses out there and they're still allowing the ramblings and writings of primitive stupid ignorant superstitious morons to dictate the way we are attitude toward each other. It is so written. And thus it is, yeah, right. The good book, what's good about it? All the murder and bloodshed and the beginning and beginning, most of which was like a incestuous. Speaking of that, speaking of being good at each other, young police officer dying from a bullet to his chest. Shot two burgers early Saturday. One of them identified as an actor who played a misfit, mobster on, there's some prannos. I just don't want to let that show. I mean, people are busy. You're missing out. Why? It's so good because they say Capacool is that it. What's a well? There's a lot of ghitos on it. I don't know what's on. I mean, it's on here. I can watch it. In fact, it seems like it's on every five minutes on my vocabulary. But I don't watch it. Officer Daniel and Shigui. And child of we. I don't know what his name is. Get along name 28. Colossians in the driveway of his Bronx home and died shortly after wood. The wounded suspects were quickly captured. Investigators identified one is little old Bram Cotto Jr. An actor who got his brick at the Robert D'Indra directed film a Bronx tail in 1993 and played D'Indra's film in the 1990s. In 1993 and played D'Indra's film in the 1990s. In the 1990s, in the 1990s, in the 1990s, in the 1990s, in the 1990s, in the 1990s, in the of the surprising. Bram Cotto Jr. 29 of the ranchers was also arrested. I wonder if bullet Bob Meyer still caught a risk of the rancher. No, he's not. He's at the Sir at the Oak Valley. Bram Cotto 29 of the ranchers was also arrested in June for a live-surron position. Police to Michelle. Oh, look out. That's the NF Norman Duplays there. The NF Duplays. Just fell down. Police to make Kelly said the actor and other man were breaking into a vacant homeman in Chattagui, who had just finished a late night shift, heard the sound of smashing glass next door. And Chattagui was off duty in his street clothes that ordered his landlord and dialed 911 to report a possible burglarian progress. Then he grabbed his badge in the gun when I took investigate. The landlord heard him shout, please don't move. Follow by a birth to gunfire. By the same. The alleged gunman Stephen Armento of Yonkers was shot four times. And was in serious condition. Bram Cotto, who police said was on armbrowshot twice. That was in critical condition. Police said Armento went a lengthy history of arrest on weapons, drugs and burglary charges. And was running with a murder weapon when officers spotted him near and whatever the guy's name holeman ordered him to stop. He liked that. Because of the injuries that were no medium time to arrange the suspects, since Stephen reached folksman for the DA, he said he had no information about whether the suspects had lawyers and would come at. There's a guy that was playing a slime ball and turned into one. That would be a good hold to take. Well, I think we've done that one though, but who didn't have to act too much in what role in a movie? In other words, somebody that was playing our character that was very much like, like Tony Perkins and Cycle would be a good example. Okay. So what I'm saying? Got it. Or like, didn't also Tony Perkins played Jimmy Pierce all of the Jimmy Pierce all of the way. But I don't know what like that. So Tony had to have it a plane like erratic crazy people. Because Tony was a little strange and also of course was there. But then this is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. Oh, today. And this portion of the Neil Rogers in the 12th of one hour is brought to you by the led at 12. 12. 12. 14. 17. 19. 11. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12.shaw- Genauor- todaspects met three set in attendantourartey with one pilots in the army as right on the runway. 8. And we had a key. So we dance in the military center hole again and then release the balloon frometeen to the newWe leur the beimline. 7. 13. 12. You are never ever ever You've got to say nine Oh, now the white trash puts mother Plus lift through her son But he says that lie Don't seem as much fun Still he says you have to To inform me Now help me set up my new white screen TV Try Find it Try Find it You're too young to fly You're never ever ever You've got to say nine So I looked it up By the same thing as you had Google it And here's the story Was dated March 4th 1997 But I must have been For the early days on QA On this horseball station You know But I was doing the show on QA I'm in a happened I remember just like it was only yesterday The NTSB And this is the story from then The NTSB found two days That the April 96 fatal crash of a small A wait a minute Then he says 96 Well how about that possible Because I was on here when it happened On this station Let's see 96 Is that possible? No, you were not here 96 I wasn't? No I was an I old D I guess it was an OD The April 96 fatal crash Now how do you know when I was on Mr. Hot Shot? I I just remembered I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I, all boys You're starting to sound like like that guy from Ludes? I like that I like that Now you're right though Anyway April 96 fatal crash of a small tank hearing 70-year-old Jessica Dubrov has probably Cusby the Pima's Dissene To take off and bad weather I'd like to see it said how about the first 70-year-old kid To fly a commercial jet Load it with passengers Would that be great? No I can just see now on that big 747 on the way from Toronto to Amsterdam and usually the Dutch crew the pilot will say cabin crew take your seats It already before we get ready to start taking off cabin crew take your seat I can just hear cabin crew take your seats Like some little kid you know coming over to pay I think at that point I bust a window and I jump out Or it kind of hard to squeeze or what I'm a little tiny window just don't have your backpack other on it Yeah, that's not a good idea. Have your backpack when you're trying to squeeze out the window All three people in the system on 77 b. were killed this after take off from a small part in a shine Wyoming as a pilot training See that this is what the world is all about crazy people As a pilot 20 Jessica was trying to become the youngest person to complete a transcontinental flight her father and her flight instructor Joe. We'd also die in the crash And basically it is believed that fatigue and media attention may have contributed to an improper decision to take off and better whether Yeah, may have remember there was a big oh she's got another Parents to make go we got a kid said we got a flight this thing we got to make an emergency Wisconsin remember that Actually, you know However Jessica's mother Lisa Hathaway said we'd had excellent judgment and wouldn't have taken off under dangerous conditions She said she thought it was more likely that a mechanical failure caused the fatal crash and by the way She's really enjoying that big screen TV The wreck touched off the bait about whether Somebody so young should be attempting to say a cross country record. I see a tentative set of record as opposed to flying a plane Right But NTSB investigator Malcolm Brenner said autopsy reports existed that at the very least read was assisting the girl and take off sequence and likely had controlled the wheel to time the crash Does that make you feel a lot better about things then It's like a little seven year old kid. It was rather next to the truck That's one of the things was for Lisa was sitting in daddy's lap even though they were a tie-eye had a little bit of a problem 567 why is that I feel like I'm talking to myself on the beast's in her feet? I feel you are just What would you like me to add Tell you just you know, I believe like a pause where talking like opening a door you could drive a little bit I don't want to overshadow me girl. This is just shiny moment. Then Miguel's got nothing to say and he admits it He's got nothing to say about anything and what he does say is it's embarrassed He's in the big chair. I'm in a little chair. Yeah, well you're in a little chair. Well guess what? I hope it don't cost too much to be placed that day, be tomorrow you're in a little chair Yeah, I'm gonna ask the size of yours man. He said in a little chair. I guarantee that right now I am in the little chair. Well you feel free to jump right in. Okay I'm too much Oh The way yeah God that was it. Oh, I see that was it. Oh, he's thinking about his two and all three things His impending wedding and his young lady friend who obviously's got very bad eyesight Oh He's have blonde plunging your guts out at the slots and on in the next meal That's all just thinking about now the first two of those that's not bad. Okay But when you're dead, you can't play the slots and in fact that's gonna be the next thing you should do if it doesn't work for you any other way Next time you're gonna like indulge ice cream fried chicken something really fattening disgusting Stop and ask yourself is it really worth this never to play the slots again? That's a great idea. Yeah. I mean I could say like something else like is the worth this never having sex again is a worth Hello, yeah But this we love fortune sicknesses are you that good nice? Hey, where'd you go? Yeah, we lost you Are gone for 10 seconds for 10 seconds yeah, there was no one there So whatever you were saying we had no idea. Oh say it again How about those that possible you disappeared it doesn't scone well whatever you don't want to hear it anyway You were at the funny part of his I may have been go about you were responding to it. That's a best part That I'm hello Yeah, I'm when he talked to me. Oh speaking Let me sit again speaking Neil yeah, how are you great how are you good? I want to know I want to know I've been watching the beast Prouling the sidelines at the cans game. Yeah, he's about one hot dog away from exploding Mm-hmm. I agree with that. I mean he's just huge he's worth a pair of shorts that come down to his ankles because Oh, he's just trying to be young and hip like the kids that were their pants out of their kneecaps Yeah, but those were below their butt. He's wearing them up those were on his bed Runs just his child's computer arm fits yeah Yeah, that's gonna be a really something That that will argue and see it whatever that's gonna be I think it'll be outlawed before it happens Oh, I experience all right. Oh my experience beast for anybody to be seen see you later would be frightening Oh, she and right in the middle of lunch hour two. That's a good way to die it's quite a sight. Thanks a lot, pal All right So he's seen you on the sideline. I do when I do wear baggy shorts Wattle up and down the a sideline. Well, what what else could they be when you're used to be a purpose And you yeah, they used to be a puppet and I'd be the be shorts Now how much I don't want to get to personal here because there are a lot of us who are fat But like I said before if you're skinny and you're picking on fat people and you're a jackass But if you're one that admits to be in fat and having real food problem then you're entitled, you know Now how much you tip in the scales this week? It's a good question. I don't know. No, I don't tell me you don't even get on this out there. I'll play about 280 Oh, and you're one five two five four What we got a skill right here we could find out I'd have to walk in that. We still have that medical skill Well, I spent a hundred bucks for we got that nice medical that Todd Greck used to get out when he'd come in there Our syrup he doesn't come in anymore because he's right here selling anything one stop You But you've heard crack you right here. What's up to you? No, he's not Get on a quick try to change his subject. Okay. You're not full of anybody I want you to water into that studio right now I want you to hop on the scale you can take your shoes off if you want oh, no, I'm in here I'm not getting on the scale. Okay. Why not? I refuse no, and that's I'm acceptable I'm going on because that here and take I said you get your fat ass Honestly, I weigh 192 is in this morning. Okay, and that's out of my digital scale 192.3 and that's the honest even his truth One thing I don't lie about is my fat weight If I went to lie about I say one dollar one 75 I've never been so spoiled yeah, then that would be a lie One 92's no big a party, you know I'm five nine I weigh 192 and I'm fat as a cow. Okay, and you're five four and you weigh about 280 Which you admit to let's see on the scale later what no? If you don't get on the scale, I'm going to have somebody well good have a team of people coming here and If you ask out of that chair and stick your fat ass on at an doctor's scale It's one of those scales with it like the weight in it's like you can't cheat on it You can't lean to the left or the if it's like the MS come on Do it Try to save your life if I do nothing else this week will save your life at least for an until the wedding you tried that before Well Work the one time yeah What was that? What happened? I lost my choice Yeah, you lost 60 pounds and then you found it again Which is much more dangerous by the way and just stay in one way much more dangerous the yo-yo the fluctuation Yes, the up and down the up and down you'll find that on your honeymoon night Too much up and down for a fat guy man. It's all over. Okay. You're still talking so obviously you're still sitting in a he's not budget like budget Go in there and drag his ass off it or you're a big macho Cuban guy going Go anywhere man. He's comfortable in the big chair. Yeah I want I want that Slob on a scale now before they show us over to a see if if you said to 80 and you won't get on a scale You know what that means? That means it's like three and something yeah, yeah, maybe three ten Now you're looking at him. You're looking at this slab. What does he look like he's lost an answer to or not? No, I admit I have a lesson house Are you before the show you told me been doing pretty good lately? Yeah, but I have your You ain't the Niles baby you're in the town you're working with a hopper. You're gonna be when when a hopper has a massive stroke on the year and Why is that being like hates myth in a wheelchair a little vegetable out of chair? You're gonna be responsible for it. So what's your how we today and I say I said to you before I said how about going out and get him one of those Accu check blood sugar meters. I believe that you're like that You ought to you ought to like start nursing the old man is what you ought to do keep them alive He's your bread and butter. What are you gonna do if he grows to go back on that other show? Oh, don't go get him. I'd be fighting back on actual Don't don't don't go boy. He's got the cane here. We find yeah. That's right to put Joseph Gaki on it I'm going then you'll be okay. So have to extract your whole body from him Thought Joe looked a little pudgy lately come on get on the scale during the break You're right out Is he moving no no we're gonna huh look at you A acquiring minds want to know this guy that called just now has seen your fat ass Wattland around the most disgusting thing and it has been the human a five foot forward In two any he admits to which I guarantee I'd mention great reads life on it over 300 over 300 Five four even my mother I think was more than five four five foot four is like a magic You just you don't care do you I don't want to do you if you don't care Cuz that Bob again who seemed to be working for pretty good? Oh, cuz who the oh, but why the he's that 12 14 a Q and hit when you're shopping for shoes while you're fat feet into brandy's man In fact they do specialize in wide widths because I'm looking about fat people like I really fat wide feet that every part of his fat including their back dome Tush Anyway Brandy's has got unbeatable deals right before you on the top names in the shoe business as they have for years and years now While the other shoe stores have come and gone Brandy's is still going strong they got rock ports in floor shime new balance echo S.A.S. M. Fisto all the top brands and ready's professional shoe fighters will make sure you have a customized video favorite comfort you every time at unbeatable prices This asks for Arnie. He'll make sure you stick your feet in the right shoe brandy specializes like I said only moments ago and wide widths as well If you have a big fat pair Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value and selection Always think brandy shoes in your fine brandies at 1290 North federal highway and Pompatobito Pondale Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday nine to five and this week is a great time to save App brandies because you can take 20% off and select in men's and women's style choose from S.A.S Naturalizer floor shime spare rate and rock ports too So be sure and save a lot of special during the holidays now get your ass into brandies or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandies shoes dot com The wear of exploding ball I went for new princesses I was thinking about losing weight I stay at home scale and they got a major set I said wait a minute mister there's always so much we can do I think lots of surps and maybe the oldest thing we've got I'm sorry Welcome I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I don't have a dot I don't have to go and tell you to sauce I don't have to worry I don't know soldiers around the bar I'm sorry I'm a man I just like the light of such a view You know found a brand new man What got the Hoover I suck the fat out of fashion chain I suck the fat off the painting I suck the salivate I suck the fat off the painting I suck the fat off the painting I suck the fat off the painting Welcome pal It damn their children Okay, so what's the verdict? Nothing But if people want to search them If you go to Google images and type in Brian the beast London He's right there for everybody to see Why would you get on that scale? I lying to us about the 280 No, I just I don't know It's my own thoughts and feelings I don't know because I thought I went to the whole public underage You're accusing us now of insulting you by saying that you're fat Is that a little bit of an annoying Because I went to the whole public way and saying every week with you What I was on the sack Right And I was a sack all right And it just I don't know It got to me So I decided to do that What is in my own there was There's no pressure That was there was pressure Then because it was a sponsor And you had to eat that mob A genucia And I understand that And then people started stealing your sack Anyway, who are we now? That was horrible Yeah What was horrible? The still the sack Yeah, so when I stuck to the sack I did very well Yeah, we forgot to say He's supposed to eat that instead of all your other food Not an addition to it That was the problem Yeah, I started cheating there But there's no pressure now I don't know I don't know It's the same There's no pressure It would just be kind of fun And I also And I'd be not way yourself every morning I would be out of the last time I weighed myself I would probably be four things given And at the time it was like 283 Before things give that would be four things given Yeah But I actually stuck through things Given that it's not much Which is a whole different story Are you there? You look? Oh, you know what? We'll bring some nice flowers We're kind of flowers you like dandy lines Something that's not flowered at And some flowers It's pretty cool some sunflower seeds on your box Wow, that'd be pleasant WKOM death squad Hello This show is nothing without George Ha ha ha ha ha Well that's a switch There you go George They miss you badly Okay, come back tomorrow Yeah WKOM Hello Hey Neil Yes sir How are you? I'm great That's great Do you like that new body wash? I'm not sure Do you like the body wash, correct? Yeah Have you tried the Shower ass feeds? Oh the Shower ass feeds Yeah, you got to drop money Back to them don't stand up too fast They fall out I like the feeds Yeah, I do like the feeds I like the same eyes And then there's a dial one Troy is straffered Keep some of my old dials got to But I can't find the one he's talking about But there's another dial One is got like purple little tiny purple And moisture beads in it pretty good Oh, like I said don't stand up too fast Because they don't fall out I see you're also a body wash guy What's out of doubt? So close to the cell You have it in a hose Cause the hose you dumb Man must take about the gallon of that stuff No, I have the big Can you just see that in dustfield Size like a fire hose But they got hooked up to a gigantic shoe Body wash Like a tank The body wash It's well in the head Hold his fat ass down About a half a gallon every day I have it that way Do you have a scale at home? Yeah, have a scale And you see you're in denial I don't want to do that I'm not in denial You're in denial I'm not denial I'm a person who's like on the on the bubble You're how old like 29? Yeah What kind of person in your condition doesn't get on a scale And reason for that being you don't want to see the number Right? No, because it only screws you in the head When you get on a scale every day It makes life so much worse And why is that? Because it tells you the truth that you're going to be dead pretty soon Because then you get neurotic by the number of the scale You go crazy I used to go in the scale like 17 times a day Yeah And it just made me crazy In other words after a good beginning You get an example Exactly Exactly I see Do I am? Do I am? Hello? Do I am? Okay Hey Who's the one more for the obese community? A year in a rhombic dog Wait a minute Who's done more? Come on you got to put a little something into it man Who's done more for the old man? Community Ben and Jerry are rhombic dogs Now we're talking We're keep working on it And then throw a little water What those who you haven't made 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 We've heard any more about that big lunch That was took place a couple of weeks ago Between our fearless leader and the your good friend That's a little bit No No Didn't take place though I'm told that We don't know what the outcome is The income or the outcome or the ongoing I have no idea Ecarry minds one and all I'm thinking I'm much more concerned about what your weight is Then about any of that stuff I'll let internet seem political crap That's not like life and death Now what about Miguel? You don't have a weight problem You get on a scale in a morning or not I don't I don't have a scale So What was you have no idea how much you weigh Well I weighed myself on your scale here Yeah In your 6 feet 1 6 foot 6 foot 1, 98 Well that's a little I don't know What's the right way for 6 foot Couldn't I? It's probably about It's probably right within there Right there I think you could probably lose an hour I could use I could lose some low handles There you go WQA and hello Hey I took the weight Could you tell me what they said in the first conference Yeah They said that it would end up at the end It's a 10-hour hour If you want to see it It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour It's a 10-hour hour As you just want to spend your money Some food for the weekly holiday basic food Happy Friday Best of the weekend The showcase Valencia eat the wonderful lunch is the best of the weekend For appetizing and lunch Time to cry 2-10 t-shirts 3-10 times 1-12 times Have you eaten  the evening? 8-10 months 2-11 months Why is this saying? If you look at all of everyone I'm so this is Christmas When we sing we all like The motor suits you here y'all go I wish you flat car off the bike You want to help my ass you go It hurts is it hurts does I hurting you instead my hair through and my hair through Finally, my hair's out I like him, bloody well, Western peace. 1234, I'm sure neither of you guys had like little candle or anything last week on the 25th anniversary of John Lennon. Thanks for your shot. No, no, no, no. Oh, don't tell me you're eating now. I am. I'm not. Oh, thank God. So you waited so just before Thanksgiving, so you weren't going to only imagine. You've added like six pounds for Thanksgiving. Yeah. And then after that it's like another two weeks beyond that. You're just into Nile. You know, I would feel bad, but you just can't give it up. I have not given up. Yeah, you have given up. I hope you're, Bride to be knows this that, you know, in fact, take out some good life insurance sweetheart. Because you've just tossed in the old towel. And you don't understand. You should understand. How, how long was there ever a point before you were like born when you were fat? No, pretty much. You're born fat. You popped out fat and you just did. No, I showed a pretty me. I was three pounds eight ounces when I was right. And then I know what happened. I have my tops without and I was three. And my mom shoved ice cream and popsicles down my throat and I didn't stop ever since. I see some of you're blaming mama for this. I don't say that. I was always going to have a scapegoat, blame my mama for it. Were weren't you like a tennis superstar or something? But I was still chubby. You were a tennis superstar. I was captain of my hospital tennis team. Oh my god, I can't even envision that. What a racket. I can't even imagine you want to tennis court. Yeah. I'm sure you go out and probably probably play a little bit. I'll keep in shape. I do get to gym. I love you. Yeah. I do. Pulling me right is the next civil rights battle. So goes the model of a Christian pro, publicly organization. If they're watching the battle over homosexual marriage rights with keen interest. You're fair. We're coming. We're next. There's no doubt about it. We are next. Mark Hankle. Fonderv. W.W. Truth Barard.org. Traditional values groups often argue that legalizing same-sex merges a slippery slope. That if marriage is redefined, well, how much sexual is to wed, it'll be further redefined. Well, other unions, including polygamous ones. If it's good enough for Joseph Smith and the moron, Mormons, it's good enough for everybody. Homosexual rights, so he doesn't their allies insist. Yeah, this is interesting because as ridiculous as this is, what about all the fabulous children? All at home is with daddy just kind of took off, you know? And all the unwaid parents, right? Which is so commonplace. Now especially celebrities, but not exclusively. Anyway, homosexual rights ladies in their allies insist that the slippery slope argument is a rhetorical dodge. It's a scare tactic to screen him to Mary Fonderv Evan Wolfson. A Evan. You're fairy. What homosexuals are asking for is the right to marry. Not anybody they love, but somebody they love, which is not all the same thing. Rocky Institution scourge out through Roach, Rouch, whatever his name is written. South Dakota law makers, this year, proposed the first constitutional marriage amendment that's specifically all laws unions of two or more persons. Why? Say that again? Well, this is in the Washington Times, and of course, the Reverend Moonhead. He's the citizen newspaper. I think what it means is outlaws unions of more than two persons. But it says here, unions of two or more persons. Maybe nobody has sought to go to his get married. Aren't they lucky? The measures author South Dakota state representative Elizabeth Krausser, the ban on phlegame is intentional. After Canada legalized same sex marriage, it's government law society. The law society, look at the ramifications of phlegame Mrs. Krausser, once you open the marriage door to anyone other than one man or one woman, you haven't begun this slide on this slippery slope. You've already hit rock bottom. Rock bottom. Photos will decide on the measure next November. That's South Dakota. Also this year, a New Jersey of California's first concidivada rights of Policumines, two to one rejection of same sex marriage. The same form of constitutional attack that plainness might again statutes limiting the institution of marriage to members of the office of sex. New Jersey, outpulled judge, Stephen Skillman, and TJ Perl, said the ruling in Louis Vs. Harris. Indeed, there is arguably a stronger foundation for childening statutes for avoiding policumines than statutes, so many marriage members of the office of sex. Because unlike homosexual marriage, Policumines has been instillers condoned by many religions and societies they wrote. In addition, which they made babies, whole bunch of them. I'm going to surprise that the appropriateness of this because the Catholic Church is the first century. The whole concept is dominated by overpopulated in the world, winning by number of game of numbers. Of course, many have to big numbers and you can drag into big books. Sixth, speaking of big numbers, we got almost 17 average votes on a pool. I don't know what that they see because that started like Friday night or whenever it had how I changed it. But this is today's pool. What's your take on a Marlons fire sale? 166,940. What's our goal for this? 17. Let's not shoot behind. Are you guys still there? We're still there. I'm going to say shoot for two grand and we had two thousand. In an hour and a half, we're going to assume that in 31 votes, you guys are clueless of man. Oh, no, it's not going to happen. You better start learning your poll numbers, man. Because you sure, it's not only your weight number, you don't know but your poll is shoot for two thousand, the amama. No chance in those facts that are really coming into it. Like what? None? That one. That was it? Yep. Well, it's the holidays. What do you expect? Well, why do you want a bunch of faces coming? What are they going to face about? It's all Georgia's fault. And it must be for being out sick today. Georgia's got the, uh, children's fever. He's in bed. And I'm sure it's from the, from the wife. I keep telling, get that a lot of their man. Get out before it's too late. 1671 votes. What's your take on a Marlons fire sale? I couldn't give a Schmidt last 609. 609 people indifferent. It's a slap in the face to the real fans. 230. But 30 men. Screw the Marlons. 286. Pack your bags boys. You're all done here. 280. I wonder who word of this. So sarcastic. We beside me. No problem. I'll still support the team. 116. 6.9%. You understand those people? Do you understand the reasoning there? No. I wouldn't have nothing else to do. Why would you want, why would you want to do that? When there was a Riemann ice team there. And you know, so they could have slimmed the payroll down. They're done something intelligent. But just just like decimating it because if they're right. They're going to do it support your home team. It makes an unpredictable sentence. Oh, yeah. I mean, like the Panthers, for example, how many people? How many people? How many people do you think? Will be at the Nashville Predator Florida Path of Game at the Mac. Or when it's seven o'clock tomorrow night. How many will we, I'm not talking about some bogus of 10. Some of them make up or the, is it didn't tickets the good way for free? Or for 75. How many paid admissions? Not 30. We're going to be shrub for that game for Nashville in Florida. Three grand. No, it was at your weight. He finally did. Let's hear it. All right. Finally admitted. He got on the meat scale. 3000 pounds for the beast. Anyway, no problem. I'll still support the team one 16. It's sad. I'll never go again 37. And bought season tickets, but one, my money back 13. Set stayed there at 13. I guess that's the end of it. In his crowd. Because this isn't the sports intensive crowd. The real sports fans, they're not listening to some kind of crap here and midday. Some old fads you flag on here talking about being fat. We're listening to the, there's real sports station when they got Pat Roddy on there where they're talking heavy duty, a little bit of crap that nobody can make out with that. What are they saying? So let me ask you, we heard O.G. McDuffy on the air. Unfortunately. And how do he sound? Bad. Really? And said the kid. Not sound into good sound like who did the compare him to before? I don't know. I don't like him. Not good. Tune your. He was up notchious on I'mus and if you thought he was up notchious there. Because at least in the earth you're all in the yorkers. It's not for the least 40, 50 people who aren't. This, facing the old Rogers. This, he's five, six, eight, eight. It's day. We can buy any child. Oh, right. Five, six, seven. We can buy any child. Oh, right. Five, six, seven. Oh, double you, QA. Oh. Been keeping with the high standards of broadcasters. In the tradition of Edward Armero's scene at now, five, six, eight, W, QA have a decent, now see here with no Howard David. I just want to know. I'll say here. Who did more for radio? New Rogers? Oh, hey, Oscar Anderson. Ah, ah. Come on. Come on. Come on. Here's my best view. Are you guys all right? I'm so excited. Hey, Oscar Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radian. And at Pulse Mokka, he had no mayor. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. And at Pulse Mokka, he had no mayor. Why, you're a Horibusker, Anderson, saying, nice soon. Oh, he had a few minutes. I'm so excited. Are you guys all right? Thank you. I just don't think I was talking about another demand. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm sure that there that's a meal, singing that it discouraging songs about there. Go, no, no, no, no, no, no. And then a fact of the one, and he writes it in a new single. Now, you know he's queer, but real men don't sing. And another, Horibusker, Anderson, with a lot better than the two. That thing is what made it that best. And the next one's the house he hit. Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olson, or Jackie Robinson. Gamad. Now see me here next time for a more indignant. On the house he hit. Not fair over here. I think that would make a good series, don't you? That would be here. Who did more? I think it would be good. Then again, what do I know? 16, every night, three votes on a pool so far. And now another one, 14, what season tickets? And they want their money back. They want their money back now. Sam, send the lila. What do you say? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Got more Howard David at two, man. And a sad noon freshman is a fantastic call of the. Patriots pummeling of the bills right there in the snow. Written before yesterday 35 to 7. And of course 35 nothing until a couple. It's a bad thing that the shut out. You know what I'm doing right. What was that? Sorry. That was Googling her boscer. Anderson. You know something you really are. You are such a tough crap. It's just, it's. You know, you're one of those people. You don't know whether to laugh or cry. It's just, I don't know. I really don't. I just, I don't know what to make of you. Just different. I'll say that. You know, you're just not another one. The crowd. You're different. Like the guy that saw you on a sideline. He immediately knew, oh, that's not just some other. Schloemford. That's the beast. You know, he knew who it was. To back you shorts at all. You are just one of the trade and make no mistake about it. Did you get on the scale yet? No. No. Tommy, if I could get on the scale though. So he should be about 48 times less than that. Yeah, Tommy. If you could get down to like Tommy. You, that means you'd weigh about 3,300. If you get down to his weight. Tommy's weight? He weighs about like a buck 10. That's what I'm saying. Well, I'm thinking you're going about 410. Anybody that'll lie so much about and then the end of boys getting on the scale. I think there's something wrong with that because you don't have to tell anybody. You know what I'm saying? Obviously you don't want to tell us because you're lying because you're embarrassed by it. And that's fine. If you want to be a fan slab, that's okay. But you're lying yourself. You're in denial, man. You're like, what's your name? Cleopatra and Stanton. You're in denial. Tommy says he's 170 something. Get out and hear 170 my ass. 170 one. 170 one he says. Get out and hear 170 one. What? What? Boeing balls are under each arm? Boeing balls. Yes. What do you do? Bloom up since I left? Sure. About one, 31. He's all in this. Yeah. And he's got a corvette, by the way. From the waist down. I know he's got a corvette. He's all muscle for him. Get out of here before you lose it. And license for Christ's ace. Crying out loud. Joyce is going to have our ass before you know it. He weighs 170 one. What about Boeing balls? But about him. I said if he had a bowling ball under each arm pity my way. 171. That's what I said. Okay. Just checking. Here's some good news for the beast though. Kellogg's. The world's largest serial maker says Friday. It tends to reduce artery clogging trans fats in some of its products. And it's called on others to invest in a new variety of soybean oil. And that they send us healthier. Kellogg promises healthier pop cards. All right. I can go on and get a couple of dozen boxes right now for your journey home. What's the most food you ever eaten a car like on the way home? Oh, I'm sure my day like a binge at one of these or talk about sure. Well, yeah. And how much? Like I don't know, four or five burritos. We're talking burritos supreme. Oh, yeah. Do it beans. Booting with beans and the hours. And the is ain't with those mochi beans. Oh, God. Can you smell the tea room in this guy's house? Oh, man. Talk about a music explosion. Good thing you don't smoke. I definitely don't. Well, that's right. You just smoke, but not cigarettes. No, I don't. I didn't know. You give that up. Give that up. Well, he's afraid to light a mansion house. Kellogg said a fence to replace trans fat. Oh, you know what I forgot to look for. I can't look for him now. Damn it. Who did more for my fat? Christ, not can't find it was cheese. Oh, no, I need to want to. You guys even knows what I'm talking about. Oh, it was cheese waffles. That was Josh and George at day. I am. Yeah. You know, what about? Right. You know, how like, Pringles coming a tube. Right. Well, leaving an easy bit around for a long time. I forget who makes them. But they're like too little. They're like Oreo cookies only cheese. They're like crackers only. And they got like cheese in between. There's like too little cookies. They're gonna find us. Huh? Christ, go make them. Christ, go make some. And that's right. We looked them up. We're gonna find those. In a supermarket. I want to die. And the house says, I want to die fast, but boil to good. Anyway, Kellogg said a fence replaced trans fat producing was in products like cheese, crackers, and pop tarts. Toaster paste. With monsanto companies. This tube. A soil or a little in for news last year that we do This is the need for partial hydrogen. How, how, hydrogen is a nation. How, hydrogen is a chemical process. Used to give all those a longer shelf life. It also produces trans fats. Which health experts say raised cholesterol levels. And lead to an increased risk of heart disease as in. I'm dying on the hair. The move by the maker of frost inflights and cable cookies some really two years after big food manufacturers like crap. PepsiCo and Tyson Foods. And I was planning to make the reduced trans fats. Doing growing consumer concerns about health problems like obesity and diabetes. Bobo, flobo, and fat man, diabetes. If you're lucky enough not to have a right now. He denows the time. Vegging you. How would you like to not ever be able to eat pizza again? That's right. Or ice cream. Or anything. Sandwiches. Sandwiches. Any kind of sandwich with bread on it. Hobies. I like to get sandwich. Yeah, there you go. No moss, baby. Now when you become diabetic and your body can't handle it in insulin man. These sugar syrup's going up to 300 to your case. 5, 600, 7, 8, and then the buzzer goes up. I'm dying on the hair. Couldn't imagine not eating bread. Love bread. I don't love bread. I like bread like an restaurant. If you're going to really good and tell your restaurant. Always have a good one. A real super lover. But then between the soup and the entre, there's always kind of like that lag. You know, in the service. And even if you're sitting there with a couple of people have a good conversation. Once you start with the soup, you like you whip some of your appetite. So now they've got that nice warm bread with the garlic butter. You, maybe like, chives in it. But I don't, I've never had bread again. That's not my problem. In fact, I don't have any problem anymore. Ice cream. No. I don't have any problem. Yeah. Okay. And that's why I'm trying to tell you that's the purpose of the whole conversation. I totally, that the beginning. I got the cure by curiously through blah, blah, et cetera. And thanks to that guy in Lakeland. I mean, I've been listening in the beginning for sitting in that facts on Friday. Maybe there aren't a lot of facts just coming in day. But that was the one facts. And they like to save my fat old ass. The one eating it all year. What? The one eating it all year. That's right. That's the only facts. It's almost the end of the year. That's the only one I needed that really like powdered some common sense. Because I looked at that blah, the blog there by Fat Blabla, and I'll say it again. He said one foot amputated. His vision is going rapidly. And he's got to, whatever, what? At least one of his beans went bad, I guess. And he's on a way out. And he just turned 60 years old. So you can fool mother nature for a while. But if you want to rock around with big fat eyelids, man, it's not the way to go. 1704 on the pool. Like I said, let's you for 18, every night you carry it away. He's got this. He's a meal, Roger. Oh, right. This is by 16, 22, 16. Baby, yes. This is General Richard Myers. Oh, hi, General. How could it help you today? When I look, though, we got some pictures coming out to the apartment in a fence, but like CBS not to show those on actual settlement. We'll miss through you. It had its heart set on showing that taste. I understand that. But I'm asking you nicely. Well, I'm afraid we can help you, sir. Well, just one other thing, if you don't mind. I'm not staffed. I'm not going to hear the deal, Roger. It's one to two hours. It's hard to be a Jew, one, Chris Man. Oh, my friends, well, let me join in any game. And I can't take Chris this, so I can get the rate of Chris the creep. For these water, I'll forward off, because there's something wrong with me. My people don't believe in Jesus Christ who's been a pain. I'm a Jew, all only Jew, on Chris Man. Ah! Conorca is nice for why you did. The gentle past of my house every year. And instead of being a animal of you who you're watching, Instead of having my life taking you home, I'm so happy. And what the f*** is that we're fighting on these f***ing animals? Please, please. I'm a Jew. I'm only Jew. I can't be married. Try to be real on Chris Man. A little boy I couldn't help but hear. A feeling left out of Christmas, Jesus. I've come to say that she shouldn't be sad. This is the one month that you should be glad. The day is to be a long Christmas. You don't have to deal with the season. No. Grab the wheel, your best behavior. Or give the charity. You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family. I don't have to do anything to make that a bad thing. That's right. You're a Jew. I'm starving you. It's a good time to pay for all Christmas. What was really five six year old here? I thought at the end of that, he would come on and do it a little something. Usually does. We didn't. Did you expect that? Huh? What is your story today, man? What is your, you are useless? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What? What? At the end of the song. Excuse me, but I do believe that's not asked. Yeah, like that. Oh, no, because I've heard that before. So no, I didn't expect it. Oh, I did. It's been a long time and we get to be this old. 17, I'm in 21 votes. We've got to shout out to 18. That would be really nice. That would be fine. I could tell you what tomorrow's pull would be. I don't think I'm going to tell them. It's one we've done before. And quite a while ago. I don't think I'm going to tell you till the end. Because then they'll start calling in. Oh, how about I don't want that? I'm tired of that. More than a year before President Bush did it in his 2003 stadium in speech that Iraq had tried to buy nuclear weapons of material Africa, the French fire service began repeatedly warning the CIA in secret communications that there was no evidence to support the allegation. More than a year before, the previously other schools are changes between the US and the French, the scrub interview's last week probably retired chief of the French counter-retelded service in a former CIA official came on surfer occasions in 2001 and 2002. The French conclusion were reached after extensive on the ground investigations in the easier, which used to be Niger by the women out from the easier and other former French colonies where the Iranian minds are controlled by a French company said, Elaine Shuey, the French former official. And probably really cheap. He said the French investigated the CIA's request. Shuey's account was at odds with our understanding of the issue. He was got medical said, the US official of the client will elaborate spoke only on condition and either here as agency be named because he values his life. Which the beast doesn't do. However, the essence of Shuey's account that they've been perpetually investigated the Niger claim found no evidence to support it and warned the CIA was extensively corroborated by the former CIA official on the current French government official at both spoke on condition and the number of the UK had because they want to clear a lot. The repeated warnings from France's directsions, general, the assumption of the other did not prevent the Bush administration from making the case aggressively that Saddam Hussein was seeking nuclear weapons materials. Just another martialized and a public witness, but it would put about the NISPUL says this and have it as big elections over in Iraq. Everything's going to be just Jim Dandy. And with that Jim Dandy, the rescue of course you don't. Le Verne Baker. No. And who the hell do we find our last week? The Le Verne Baker was married to our ready for God. Somebody worthwhile. 1725 votes on a poll. You're take on a Marlon's fire sale. I couldn't give a Schmidt last 627%. It's a slap in a face to the real fans. 243. All-Aidium. School of Marlon's 292. Pack your bags boys. You're all done here. 271. Most of our folks have already against impact their bags. They're fast enough. No problem. Support the team still. 123. 7%. 123. People out there who are just desperate. Anything to do. In a summer time. As Mago Jerry would say. I hate that summer. She said so. It is funny. Go out there and have your own section. I'll never go again 39. And bought season tickets to my money back 14. 5. 6. 7. Math stage. 2. But he's doing much. If anybody else on that team. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 9. 6. I'm just kidding. Hey, shi- come up, that's a tune. This is stupid, James. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Four. Two. Two. Three. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Three. And then. With Mark, Be sure to try it. You boys are all a..." Two We'll help him your wife. I'll help you. No, the trade was a crime on the command, ever in the police'? Well nothing happened to me, there's a cont council man, in this case. In You know what you are? To make the dragon spin you When you're with the snake The dragon's ready to make it be A dragon's ready to make it Oh hi, dad Hello everybody Say can I join in? Yeah I have a little jadele I need it out of play And when it's time ready With jadele I shall everybody Oh, I'm ready Hey, give it away Give it away Give it away Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Court me comes on Love you You're so fun All that show Yeah Court me comes on We're singing about a trio Oh, sorry You talk about the dragon's ready Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Don't I remember Chasing up on the grass Look- drop on the grass You make it more famous But now the dragon's ready Don't meow, got it Look- drop on the grass Here, and yeah turbine, turbine Where mistress of lies Is Neil Rogers midday Millionlings Their government