Yeah! Neal Rogers, we did 201, 5, 16, 2, 8, yeah. You know, pretty good guitar player. Jimmy Anderson. We wrap up another morning where you are. He's called the Toronto. Yeah, but his music lives. And his drums live on. And I heard talking about a piece of saying San Luis, a great guitar player. He's a guitar player. He's a guitarist from his hands. I said, this guy and Eric Clapton were the best. You have an ear cleft and still trying to grab that kid before he falls off the wall. Yeah, well, he didn't have great hands, but no. He had bad hands. He didn't have quick hands, but he's like, we're just these distraught him. I can play the guitar. Maybe you want to contribute to our poll today. What is it? What's South Florida athlete was the biggest stiff of all time? Did our sales manager play sports? Come on. Boy, this is the first day after Memorial Day holiday. And you're already on a tear. Picking on pork Curtis. Well, well. We are sold out. Peace versus license and something to ball. Well, I see a lot of trades on there though. Somebody is making out like a bass. Bus. I said, we got on here so far. Yeah. So to narrow, in other words, you won't duplicate. We got the more testies as strata. You know what? He wasn't a bus. We got Ray Lucas, J. Feeleer, Peter Warrell. See, I don't even know who Steve Emmetton was. You know what? I wouldn't vote for any of those guys. Junior Felix or Bobby Humphrey. In order to be a puzzle. They had to think something up before they got here. Yeah. And Ray Lucas was a backup quarterback. Was nothing when he got here. Yeah. I'll tell you, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see, see. Okay. That was a pretty good size bus. Yeah. They also brought the party. They was looking for it. They also brought the barons. Phillips here. Remember that? Moritz Phillips was good. He's one of my favorite rights. One of my favorite jailbirds. Yeah. Guess who I was just a child, sir, if in a one of the sports channels. Guess who they had on there from these Canadian football league. Demetrius Underwood. Oh, I remember him. And they were just saying, well, he's got a few physical and mental pieces. But I don't know problems. Yeah. I'm going to be in crazy than a bed bug. He's just a little bit of a problem. Trying to think of other. It's it's too early for our lighter this year. I guess he's not all of he's talked to. He's certainly buying for a product on this pole. For eight million dollars. I thought they were getting more. Send him back to the broadcast booth. He was good. No. Oh, yeah. He's got just. Yeah. Harold Minor. Okay. He was the first draft pick of the heat one year. Yeah. And they called him baby Jordan. Hmm. Never made it. Never talking about very enjoyed. Or maybe they were talking about Barbara Jordan. Yeah, it could be. Let's get him on your Josh. Yeah. He'll line her. Harold Minor definitely bears on there. He could win. He should win your pole. How much of this come off probably like Harold Minor? He likes he's like minor. He's like he went. I got it. Right. I know he'd probably be a audience student. See this one. It's early in the morning on the day after a big help. I had a bad see. I don't mind going with. But I just don't. I just don't use. I'm stupid. Yep. Really stupid. So I have a new plan. That is if I get up a certain amount or more. I just walk out. That's a guard list. That's what I do in casino. Play. Right. Blackjack. I said what I want to win. Right. And what I'm going to lose. And if I would have been doing that again. There was a year. I'd be pretty good shape. Yeah. But although I think I told you this story about this guy. And he didn't have any more work. He went to Las Vegas. Got hired at the craft tables. Yeah. 10,000. Hmm. I asked him why didn't you put 5000 in your shoe or something. Right. I'll take it upstairs. He said I want to win 100. I don't want to stay especially. But you know this Berkeley. See George likes anybody. Anybody who wears a dress. So therefore he covers up for Berkeley and defense her. Just vehemently. But she's she hasn't got to clue. She doesn't even know where the front door is. I have no comment. I'll look quite frankly. We don't come in the front door. But. Yeah. I've got a line for that too. But Joyce wouldn't have just thinking about it. I was just thinking about you know I'm not. George liking anybody in the dress. Yeah. So anyway, what's the bell monster is that this Saturday or next time. We can say next Saturday. That's right. See I don't like that. Why do they do this three weeks stuff? It's too long. Do you don't just stay in the interest of the public that way. Well, there won't be much interest in this ball. No. And how many we're going to have about 10? 9. Yeah. It's right now there are 12 possibilities. We have a thin one all room. I would say probably it 10. Don't get 10. You know why? Because they pay off for the first five places. Right. And it's such a crappy field. Yeah. But haven't we seen yet? That's right. Of course the only time they trace them away is if there's something like super star. It's something great. Well, even if there is a super star. You know, it was like yesterday. Go sapper who's the best horse on the planet ran. Well, they're only six horses in a race. And one of them I'm wondering, what is this horse doing? You guys know a chance. Well, if he finished fifth out of a six horse field, he could pick up some money. Yeah. So that's why they run. Hmm. Five team dumb months were it was a pretty small field. What six year or five or six? Oh yeah. I think one secretary ran. It was that way. But this is, you know, outside of a fleet of Alex. It's just a bunch of horses. So there's the transfer. The fact that he could go on his nose and steal the mollocks to field. That tells you how crappy they were in a pre-cons man. Much of garbage. Yep. But you never know. Remember. I said, I said them all out there with the blue factory. Why we never know. And you know, a couple of years ago, a horse with a triple crown opportunity, charismatic, broke down right before the finish line. Happens. Yeah. Like Bellamy Road. Yep. Well, he didn't break down. Yeah. He didn't break down. But he lost his chance for a road to redeem himself in the. Pretty nice and Bellman. Yeah. This horse had a legit chance to win. And then, you know, I was a little bit of a... I was Chris. I think it was charismatic. I may be wrong about that. Yeah. I just remember, Chris Antley was riding him. He won't be riding anymore. No. He won't see him. No. Perfect. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It was really something. You must have had a... Last year. I was like, you know, I said, I could experience this video gambling because he'd be making millions. Hey, just last year. I Harold Collins wrote about how what a great thing it was that they were keeping and steward Elliott on sedheder. A lot of riders they could have gone to. They mentioned it was Chris Antley. There's a good Harold mistake. Yeah. I told you about Barry's big mistake. How about Ron's haircut? Take it to put him on there. No, hardly. Yeah. But how about Barry? Last week, right? About Barry. Wayne doesn't want the marlins and the marlins aren't interested in staying. And while he writes that, Wayne's people are meeting with the county manager. So, after them at deal where the marlins could come in, stay for nothing. The county would build a retractable roof. The marlins would get the all the sweet and club seat money from baseball sales, and the concession money, and play their rent free. That Barry, he's on top of it. Yeah. And he writes, now I heard that he's underneath it. There's what I'm hearing. Yeah. That's a great tool, me. I don't think they're thrown in white a many more. No, they don't speak anymore. Now that they have been in socialist relationship to Harold in the 1990, we'll see on Thursday when the trend comes out. The big impact that 790, the ticket is making. Yeah, that's not bad. That dog has been on the air for a while. Yeah. So we've got to know these little consistent skates will not for a while. If you're opposed to January when we head like who's on first? Absolutely. That's right. It's programming. Somebody passes in Brian Paxon. He says Lawrence Phillips and Cecil Collins both of who you mentioned. And how could you forget Sammy Smith? Oh yeah. Well, the often sat a whole run of those guys. I remember a game against the Packers. That just sticks out in my mind where he fumbled in his own hands on. Right. I'm a one year's own one. We are blind. Never forget that. Yeah. He was just choking and gagging all the time. Sammy is, I think, still incarcerated. Is he really? Yeah. He, he did a big ticket. You know, if you look up the Dolphins history, they have more guys in jail than they have in all of a thing. Right. Well, it's easy to say that now and now that we don't have the games anymore. Oh, you could say it before. Now, my God. The story was Ricky Williams. I mean, nobody really believes he's come back to the Dolphins. Dolphins seem to think so. And they're going to take him back. Well, he owes them all that money. That's what that's all. Right. He was like, still hungry in that lawsuit at IOD. He's going to Brian Cox. He's got, well, whatever. I remember having with that lawsuit. They said old Cox, right. And that was Brian Cox against Cox broadcasting. Yeah. There were a lot of idiots involved in that deal. Cox versus Cox. Right. Here they have the trial. Hi, I'll get you. Yeah. That's what they call Cox fighting. Right. I was, I was leaving that one to you. Okay. Hey, could be suspended by the way for the rest of the month. So that's why today's last day of the month, dammit. That's going to get a good deal. So anyway, Sammy Smith will stick on there. So get him on there, Josh. I guess so. He probably got some tracks to make his view. All saying goes. Yes. Let's see what we got outers. Five minutes till the first race at Woodbind. The exacter. Try actor. When question process from last night. So I can tell you the winners now. That would be a good scam. I bet you people have done that. You know, it's called fast posting. Yeah. Yeah, I bet you 100 bucks that the six of us wouldn't do that. They're nice with full that off. Really? Yeah. That was the big scandal in the breer. A couple of years ago. Right. Guys are betting after the race was over. Right. Well, how about the, you know, we used to play at, Well, I was in Michigan at Hiesel Park in Northfield, I'm used to play the off. Now, you can't do that at Thurvard Racing because they've been out there in the starting gate. But at Harness Racing, you know, when they followed it, they started in gate to the start. And it's like the gate pulls away and they don't really There's a split second before they actually reached the starting point And the bell goes off. And especially in the truck, not so much paces, but in the truck, where they tend to break more often. And I have a friend standing at the window. And then you'd be standing out watching the horses go into the gate. And then you'd yell either, yes or no, You'd already pick out the horse you wanted. There are maybe you'd pick out two like to forward the six and you'd yell six because the four just broke her one. And there can't be a few tickets away. Not a bad scam. Yeah, now that's not start talking about the track. We'll have the whole audience gone now, man. It's just for old Jews like us. I'm out. See ya. You two. Bye. Have a good day. I'll move down the hips with JC, JC, some. Hi. Hi, JC, JC. Welcome back to our CADDAD of this week's top 20 ringtones. We're up to our number one ringtone in the week. But first, our unlimited coasts to coast long distance to request and dedication. It's from Jessica S. Fierych, dear Casey. Recently, my sister was glad to lip-saking on national TV. At first, she blames her band. And then she blames her asses reflex. Whatever that is. Anyway, Casey, since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one in the family. If you play green days, American idiot for my sister actually. Signed Jessica. So, from Jessica to Ashley, here's your unlimited coasts to coast long distance request and dedication. That's American idiot from Jessica to Ashley. Now, unruly countdown. But first, let's recap our top three ringtones. Number three. Come again at number three. Rondo, alaterta, five Mozart. Number two. At number two, that too, that sounds like art and soul, but is it? And now, this week's number one ringtone. Number one. For the third week in a row, walls of the floors. And then you have it. That's odd 20 ringtones in America. As translated by phone bill, voice magazine. Two and a year next week, we will rush again, countdown. America's god 20 ringtones. I'm Casey Casey, I'm saying, keep your volume turned on. And keep reaching for four bars. We're going to have the public just turning on our presidentate on Iraq. 40% approved of the way he's handling Iraq 56% is approved. How do you like that? To find a catch on our level of slow, maybe another 1600 did people and they'll say, hey, this ain't gone so good. The reason I played that, a cell phone ringtone appeared set to top the British singles charts yesterday. Did you see this? Yes. Outstanding the new single by the van, cool play by nearly 41. Crazy frog, Axel F. A ringtone based on the sound of a revving Swedish moped is the first whom being used on mobile phones across the mainstream music charts had genera just held away, spokesman for HMV, the British music retailing chain goes to show them silly ass brits. Thank god Americans and Canadians don't use those stupid ass ringtones. Oh, they didn't. That's why. They're looking to restaurant all of a sudden. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, brother. Cool play. It helped to go straight to number one on yesterday's British singles chart with its new song, Speed of Sound, but by Saturday it was pretty obvious the ringtone which is available for digital download and as a compact this single would prevail. The ringtone was expected to replace the Oasis Tune Lila as the number one hit on the list released Sunday by the official UK charts company. I haven't checked the update on this goes quite frankly, who gives a crap. The weekly singles chart which has been released in 1952 is based on the sales of 5600 retail shops across Britain. You silly ass brits you. You constipated fools. Well, crazy frog and another ringtones don't appear to be much of a hit among your adults. So many youngsters are personalizing the sound they're cell phones, but at such digital music could change world music markets. Music purists might not be too happy to prospect to be crazy frog, I'm selling cold play, but it didn't come as that much of a surprise when he considered which huge novelty appeal and the massive amount of exposure it's currently getting said to stowl though. The ringtone is based on the song that was recorded in the sweet nearly a decade ago by 17 year old Daniel Mald Medall using the high pitch revenue of a two-stroke motorcycle the international hero tribute and reported over the weekend. Like God they're in, you know, very text with the important crap. Very good? Great. Excellent. By the way, Eddie Albert's dead. We'll get to that. But it's already 1014. See that's good part when we do that long cross over with the Humper. Before you notice like almost time to say, maybe we can try that tomorrow. Just go all the way to the end of the show. That's nothing to keep you too happy about that. From behind it. Music purists Music purists Yes today. That means the fun more of a boy. We're the best bum lovers who how to play. I can believe he would have to get to the day. Yesterday. But the night hasn't seen so far away. That's the story now. But it's no way. Oh yes today. So it's more of a lie. Why? You try and burn away your pain. And go away. So I'm not alone to bring it so shabby. I'm not alone to bring it so shabby. I'm looking through a bedroom window. And I'm able to get my work. I got out of the end of the room. Was with no. But that means no to who is you play for the fish. I can't smell girls in full breakfast generally. As if I love the baby with some of the health it's wild. And certainly the most of the movies they've ever seen. And come out now. When it changed me with the dust. Why didn't that be fair thing? It was too dark to see. She beat him dead by a circle of his death. It's that skin of the beast. How the beast he goes to himself. 10256 UWQAM happy Tuesday may 31st. It's the last day of May. Where the hell did may go, man? May day. What's the answer going on here? This could be the fastest month of my life. In fact, it was the fastest 3-day weekend I've encountered in a long time. Where did it go? I thought we had like a 3-day holiday. Some of us not you, of course. But I just don't get it. The good news is I didn't even eat a hog and ice cream over the weekend. Aren't you pleased? Aren't you proud of me for that? Great news. The bad news is that after I made that bad decision it would be on yesterday. I was sticking around and leaving with my profits. I went to get my free for $900 meal. That's a joke. You lose whatever you lose. It's a free meal though. Just to show them your low card. They're going to be a voucher for a free meal. What a food they're really sucks. I have to be honest with you. See, it's number 77 votes on George's silly ass poli to yesterday. Now how did yesterday go? You only had three hours because they had the Marlon game. Our ones lost with a pirate's guy. Can that be right? Wow. That's got to be a mistake. But anyway, so how did yesterday go? Pretty good. One part of it we played tunes. Took a couple calls. What do you mean played tune? What is that? Well, two is like a song in music. Yeah, I know what it is. We played music. Mark had some calls. It made an attempt. Yeah. And there you go. We think the model of the people who call on a moral day would be. I have no line. Right. In fact, that's the model of most people call anything. I have no line. For example, WQAM. Yeah, I got to kneel. Speaking. Speaking. Sounds like me. How you doing today? Is this you? It's just real. Sounds just like you. Yeah, how you doing? Good. Good. I want to talk about the heat. Good. Talk to somebody else about it. Somebody who cares. See what I'm saying? What do I say? I don't like that. The few turns that we did not have to line. Right. Six hundred and seventy-seven votes. And George wanted to know what are you doing in a moral day? Well, when he out was a diddling myself, 250. I don't want to say what you said here because that's a choice. I'll get really upset. He's a real joys whole anyway. Working like any other day, 169. Well, I would have been you guys. And I can't believe that. What kind of people work on the moral day? Cops and robbers, robbers? BBQ, old barbecue, 97. Drinking 73. I heard a line man. A lot more of more drinking. Yes, it's in 73. In fact, the ones who were working like the pilots, things like that. George 41, play with my friends 29. I think that goes back to the first. A little bit. Yeah. Going to the beach, 27, the beach. Well, how is the weather over the weekend? It was beautiful here. It's just the sunny, shining man. It's like in the Louderman's 70s every day. Going to be a little warmer than that, the 3rd of middle end of the week. Sunny every day, no rain. It's beautiful. See that they're talking about that hurricane season stuff again. Crank calling radio shows 19. That's I have no right. And vlogging, 7. Oh, brother, vlogging my ass. I think that's, that is so sad. So anyway, here's today's pool. We got some dimbo kimi on there. I haven't taken a look at her yet. Is it matter of fact? She's just some chicken. I'll tell you one thing that me, whatever name, Well, holdy, totally. Wow, she was really prime meat. If you ask me. Oh, I'm only seen from the eyebrows up. It looks like Phil Henry with a wing. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, she's, I guess she's okay. If you just have to get used to it. Oh, those aren't real. What's that even? Whatever. I think it's always to be in real. Jesus, I'll see the board and count on me and press. I touched the little real. Yeah, right. You touched the muppas, which I mean, look at that. Look at all the different pictures we got of kimi. Yeah, we got both. So we got mole foe your money. Oh, don't say that. Marvelous color. No, no. Anyway, so on any Albert die. Anyway, he was a 99. That's certainly more of a 50. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, he was a 99. That's certainly more than old enough. Put on the other side of that coin, though. You wonder, well, see if he was 99. Couldn't he release stuck around to make that 100? Don't you think when you get lucky like in your late 90s, you're a girl. He made it to 100. Wouldn't that be the one thing you're looking for? There's not much else to look for when you get to be that age I don't think. Because I don't think too many of my girls are in really spry great health. But I like to make it to 100. You know, like my mother did, she died on 91st birthday. Just to prove that was wrong. She always had a fruit I was wrong about her being. I said 90s old enough. And so just to spite me, she made it to 91nd and she croaked. So there. Yeah. So there. And that shows you now. What's South Florida athlete was the biggest stiff of all time. That's our poll question today. Comfort didn't seem to be too impressed with our list. Although I noticed even in an easy time of adding to it though. And there've been so many stiffs in a sports world in South Florida. Because the 1st apartment student station was though. With daddy, nine friends plus three minutes. That's interference didn't work. Oh okay, that was pretty go easy take care of these two two three three three. stressed to make sure you try and. Right now it's узers because whatever hitter it added a mutter it you will be very fine. If that's going right now doesn't work if their body needs to reach the stack them on the ball And you know like you need to geek you, so then that's fine. But nobody else, sort of the age of 100 cares about that. That's the problem with racing. Because that's an old folks' thing. You know, when I had the big races, all the kids come out to get past you know, party, all I crap. They're kicking it. Ancient style at the track. I bet you George and Josh will be at the track before the week is out. Which one? Anyway, we got, don't care. I'm not a sports nerd, 76. That's leading by far on the first turn in 34 votes. Don't care about sports period. J. Feeber 31 and or more testies, this shot has got... Not turning in. But on J. Zansson, most pretty jealous. Ray Luke is 29, so that's a good battle with your corner. Sammy Smith's got a dozen? Lawrence Phillips 10, Peter World 10, Harold minor eight, Cresysl got eight, Steve Emmettman, which I still remember who that is eight. Who is that? I think you mean, Emmettman, EMT. Well, he has to go with the donuts. I'm just putting it on here the way that Sean the Fats are sent us to us. I don't know who that is. I don't need it. We still got eight votes, so they must know. Who in your field is seven and Bobby's Humphrey's got five, so far. Now they're going to do we have Chris Wells on there, so you put Chris Wells on or he's going to go zooming near the top. Look what, how stupid, stupid, stupid. That's what's gonna be a lazy man coming here. He's in for a little bit. Oh, he's in for a little bit. Oh, watch, watch. Maybe hockey, so maybe he's gonna be a bop. She way in. Sam Santa, you've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch. Everybody wants Santa on their song, so we've compiled a C.E. collection of every artist Santa has ever played with. Like, M&M. Two to one, girls go running alive, getting alive. Come on, come on. Look, civilization. king up a jelly. He sends Hannah's will, let's wear everyone CD including unrelays tracks from Carlos and John Tess with some day your journey will end. Yes, he's a guitar playing the horror who will play with anybody except of course, Kelly Clarkson. Oh, mama like me. No way, man. San Santa's looks for everyone. Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santa plays your very own birthday song. Ah, the earth is here. Call now. That's for the Beast who said this morning, cordial humper that Santana is the greatest guitarist in the universe, but I had Beast, man. His taste is in his touche. That's what parents tell us. Is that where it is? Bad news from Iraq again, although I think that's what I've been doing. Hello things are really going very well. Oh, we're fine. And your vice president says, oh, by 2009 the war will be over, but that's only four years more. That sounds pretty promising. Four US fliers and an Iraqi airman died in the crash of a single engine Iraqi Air Force plane, the US military announced today. The plane of high winged aircraft was from the 70s by the Iraqi military for surveillance and transport, a quick way statement today. And there you go. They just keep on dying and flying and dying and that's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 9, Verizon, Singular Rival Slimes. What's our Florida athlete was the biggest step ever? Did I mention that any outlet said, okay, did you mention 20th Tiger? No, I didn't know about 20th Tiger and that's 20th Tiger that used to be over on power 96. That's it. That's it. Different 20th Tiger? Yeah. The real Ravenscraft. How about your pardon? Thurl Ravenscraft. Who's that? Oh, tiny the Tiger. He panicked. He's a guy who's saying the Grinch Sun. Well, I'll be damned. Oh, this will don't you? And Jimmy Carter and Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair and what's his name on the fart. That's right. They're celebrating this aircraft Larry King, Larry King's 85th anniversary. Huh? WQAM, hello. Daniel. Yeah, sir. I got a good sleeper for you if you're a Paul there. Okay. The original big ol. Oh, I think the stratus for no reason. Oh, no. See, that would be a good idea. Of course, he's leading the pool. I just got you and he's not leading, but he's on there. And I just get to read no list up and down. Yeah, he may just go. He's original big. Oh, come on. He's on there, man. He was the first name that we had on the list. I'll always not leading. I'll even post to read you. And anywhere near J. Feeleer. Although he was, yeah, he's only five hosts behind. In fact, more testies is gone. I've heard him in. No, there's a sleeper for it. Ha ha ha ha. I have no right. See what I was saying before. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Happy day after. I'm on for the poll, nearly. I don't know. He's on airman and Alic. I'll be okay. Ronnie, cycling, please. Okay. Thanks, Sally. Thank you, Pally. Ronnie, cycling. Got it? We got the interesting. This is the way Josh spells that. What you probably Google it. I don't understand how he was a stiff, but, yeah, I'll put him on a full. Hey, that's this guy's opinion. Okay. The toast master ain't supposed to give him his opinion. Just keep that in mind. Oh, and speaking of the Josh Cortis, you know, they can 35 and you just are really, I'm embarrassed by your, your recalcitrants to like, congratulations. I'm finally coming through for you. Yeah. Sorry about that. No, no, seriously. I didn't say it was going to be a listener that was going to bring you the food. I said, somebody would get food to you and that, well, I was hoping for pizza, but nevertheless, hey, you know what? I would have rather gotten what I got than pizza to be perfect. Well, there you go. So you're welcome. Yes, thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. Now, what they was just Friday or Saturday? This was Friday. Friday night. Yes. Of course, it was already pre-arranged. So it kind of like takes the boom off. But that's probably the best way because otherwise, you know, they got to go through security and set it up ahead of time and find out how they get it to you. Right. So our good friend Troy from Valence for life, call up our other friend Troy. For our strength, or he ought to be on our pulver day. Hold number 20. That's what you did. That's what you did. It was a scam, Josh. Look, he's got a good sense of humor. Plus I got a money. Oh, yeah, here's a good one too. Some other good ones coming in. But so anyway, Troy from Valence for life brought, said, over a whole bunch of food for Josh and anybody else to get into it or you hugged it all. Yeah, we couldn't eat all the food that he got, really. Yeah, we could do it. Rocks. Wow. But you guys are welcome too. Okay, even though they're out in town, they're in Pittsburgh, where they lost their camp, they're playing a 4 game series. That's a little bit strange. And Monday through Thursday, I guess, go to the holiday. But they just played one with the best. About your pardon? No, no, they played a 4 game series with the match. I understand that. And they lose all four. They got swept. Yeah, they won't have lost. They'll throw three out of four. Yeah. That wasn't good. And they just lost to the parents yesterday. So after the 15 winning streak, they fell on hard times. But then that's the way it goes. The brave saw lost yesterday too, which is nice to watch and know us a little girls team. And they really deserved call. And home, I saw that home, or something. They showed it this morning again. Where the young person changed the ruling on a callable foul. Right. Why can't they use instant replay? Like, we're honest with them. People. Well, we're the fun being there. Yeah. So anyway, the food came in a bunch of all kinds of it's burgers and stuff. Oh, yeah. We had a chicken finger, burgers, sandwiches, nacho, a few name. We had it. Wow. Thanks a lot for all your from balance for life. He was looking for a free plug and he got it. It worked. We're easy. Give us some sort of video plug. That's on food, who is. So that was good. I told you if somebody would come through for you. And like you said, it was even better than we could have anticipated with some, you know, mediocre pizza. That probably would have been like, cold by the time they got to see anyway. So anyway, we're adding Eric Cumorrow to the list. According to this fact, here, which is a very good choice. I remember that. Yeah. Eric Cumorrow. KU and the ROW never heard Eric Cumorrow. No. He was the dolphin's number one draft pick. And back in 80 something. Oh, him. I remember, I weird, I OG. And I remember Joseph Gackey coming on here. Eric Cumorrow is going to run up for the dolphins. And we all went like that. Yeah. Like, are you kidding me? And John Vosa of the dolphins. It says here. You got to us? We got to film. It says, Cumorrow was depicted finally told me that Brian, the brainstem had gone all the way around the bend. Vosa was just a delicate flower who's body couldn't stand it. The rigors of the NFL. Eric Cumorrow just clad out sucked. It says, yeah, Eric Cumorrow is going to run up for the dolphins. That's what Joseph Gackey is doing. He's a guy. Oh, so a personality transplant, please, Joe, or just get one stuff. Or to get a transplant, he had to take out the old one. He doesn't have one. It replaced. That's bad. But it happens to be true. It's very sad. And what I also didn't realize sports fans. See, I'm not, I don't, I'm just out of the loop. This ACC term, if it were against really sucked into the lost big time. Yeah, nothing to do with the college world series. The regional series still on the way. Of course, yeah. Well, what do you mean, of course? I thought that had something to do with it, but it doesn't. It was the ACC point of the right. That was the ACC tournament. And as a result of that, nothing. I guess the winner of that would get an automatic invite to the college world series. This is that the way it works. That's the way it works. Well, they didn't win. So anyway, but the plan I'm trying to make is that the regional tournament, I think it was being announced, I don't know, over the weekend. Sometime. Do we have any information on that? God forbid? No. Because if that's the case, George, I'm just mentioning this in passing that maybe late night. Is that the end of this week? It starts? Wait, we're finding that board. Oh, we're getting some information right now from our hurricane connection. I'll put up a bit of a record. And I'm thinking of myself, we might just scam another one of these 10 o'clock in the morning games. Because I know when the regionals they do was sometimes have three games on one day. With the first one starting a 10 o'clock in the morning. Okay, I wouldn't want to say that we want the hurricanes to be playing 10 o'clock in the morning. But the surface is a possibility. Okay, what's the information? Actually they're playing Friday at 7. And they win, they play Saturday at 7. So, all right, geez. Like I said, screw the cane. The situation is getting light. The city has been flying in. But the floor is flying. But the floor is in power. And the fire is in power. And the fire is in power. And the fire is in power. Watch them all right down the old drill at boys and girls. 1045 and 560. Even the Grims perry tells me what I'm there too. Okay, all the bubble miceys, all this silly stories, all these hate-filled tombs are invented by man. Speaking of hate-filled and bubble miceys, what's the years it's going on about? You know, it doesn't do these news conferences unless he's going to waste out of his conference. The weeks they had were bringing important decisions on spending bills. Well, that's good. Anyway, you want to know what America is really all about. This one story to me, it's, and I know that it's flying face of the popular culture because America's got his love affair with guns man. They love their guns. They have a sense of what guns, two to a mile. See, I want to say something really revolutionary, which of course you're this lamb fat. And that is that all of this business of shooting any kind of guns for a sport, for fun, that should be outlawed immediately. They're all going to laugh at you. Find another hobby. I have no idea. Take up stand collecting. Take up bowling, shovel board, anything else. Forget about using a, oh, well, we want to go out and shoot. You know, an arrangeable to bed. At home on a range grant, that went out with the cowboys and Indians. I'm sorry. But this story from Tower Minnesota, a four-year-old boy was fatally wounded. He's dead. In other words, they're going to say kill. Fatally wounded when he wanted behind a paper target while family and friends were practicing shooting authority said. Evan Davis, class of just, just say go city. Careful. What is that? Is that, is that a misprint? Is it Chicago City or just say go city? That's what it says here. Minnesota, I never heard of that. We'll shut around 145 p.m. Sunday at Lake For a Million, where a group of about a dozen people gathered for the memorial day weekend. Oh, no! If we were in a joyous and way, baby. They thought they had the kids under control, so it's Sergeant James McKenzie of the Saint Louis Cup. He's a very easy of the Saint Louis Cup. He's sheriff department. While the paper target didn't completely obscure the child, who was wearing camouflage pants that made him difficult to see against the foliage. He can't be said. Right. Well, it's better where in Zubis pants, who's wearing a hat. Oh, yeah, that's good parenting there. Right. Well, that's right. Make sure that if he does happen to wander into the shooting area, that you can't see it. So that also mentioned that he was wearing a hat with deer at work on it. There's no matter of fact, now that you mentioned it, a 40-year-old man far to hand go about 30 minutes. Go to the target, into the boy. The kids had called the shooting as a pretty straightforward accident and said no charges were likely to be filed. The man's name and relationship with the boy were not released. How was this boy? Oh, four. I was going to say maybe Miss Kamal was that out for the holiday weekend. It's a little young, even for him. After the shooting, people rushed the boy to the nearby lodge. Emergency medical workers arrived, but he was already dead. He's dead for your old boy. So Americans were out there having a good time. It'll do a country shoot and time, man, on Memorial Day. Look at highly average, shoot and watch. They'll be doing like on the 4th of July, which I don't realize was a Cuban holiday, but never to let it go. We'll be on the 4th of this July. You can be sure that. Now that's what the Americans do is their pastime. The breasts. You love this story. Contestants in a traditional British cheese row in competition. The French bones and broke bones and took skin off knees and elbows. Yesterday in the pursuit of a giant piece of cheese down a steep hill. Mr. Vincent Hart cheese. The Americans are busy shooting too. And a British air-business. Patiently old cheese. Ha ha ha ha. The competition, which participants hurled on the south of 640 feet down a hill after an eight pound piece of cheese, has been celebrated for centuries in glossisture. Whatever, the glossist, or North-licer of London. Glossess, if sure. Glossess, you don't know what it is. Glossess, I don't care. The race has thought to originate from a Cuban festival to welcome the spring. I'll see that'll teach those bloody, even bastards. The first person to follow the cheese across the line at the bottom of the hill wins the cheese and a small case prize. Probably just a few. Stop, turn the air. 30, 10. Thousands of people attended Monday's event at local ambulance service report of three people taking a hospital with suspected fractured limbs while 18 retreating for bruises and a brain accident. It's got a picture. Ha ha ha. Of this kid who's been extracted to a stranger. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. No. Chris Anderson 17, class says, double glances to her cheese to his chest. As he waits to be taken away on a stretcher, suffering a straight ankle. After claiming first prize, one of the races in the ancient deer devil sport of cheese rolling at Coopresillan, rock with angling yesterday. The seven-pound chuck of double gloster cheese can reach speed above to 70 miles an hour and many of the competitors suffered like I just said. Ha ha ha. The Coopresill cheese rolling includes seven races in total for them downhill. Oh gee, it too bad the hover didn't know body might have made a few bets on those. The pain was worth it, Chris said. The cheese is going straight in the cupboard when I get home. It's definitely not for reading. I would think not. Organizer Richard Jeffrey said yesterday's event ran smoothly. The injuries were down from the previous years. It's a good part of the local Herodans in this week like to keep on going. So like I said, Americans are busy. I'm all up. Anybody who might get into the way is just rolling in the same way. And the brits are chasing their cheese. So they are silly as a bunch of old coots. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon, singular wireless lines. What's not for an athlete with the biggest stiff? Let's take a look at that QM lineup and see how we're doing here on the day. We got Mo with the two. Mad Dog before 6, 30, Marlon's on deck. Marlon's in Pittsburgh again to take on a par at 705 followed by the ab camp on show. Now what's that stadium to play that night? It's about the 18th new stadium that had in Pittsburgh. They had like a Forbes field and they had three River Stadium. And what's the one there now? I'm not sure. Oh, what do you mean you're not sure? You're supposed to be our content. We just got you fed on Friday and you're like, let me down here on the Marlon information. That's bad. Isn't it like try comfortable calm? You can ride it all up. I'll look it up. I don't know what to tell. I think that's really the main mechanic in there. It's amazing to me that's River Stadium wasn't really all that old in the first place. As was in, uh, crossley field. Now what was the one in the PFC park? Uh, well who cares? What's the one in Cincinnati? They had River Front after crossley field. They originally played when I was like a home-to-marital ballpark. Yeah, see, I mean, every, we got to have a new ballpark. That's the thing. That's good new ballpark for tomorrow. It's the like in five years. We can build another new ballpark. What was wrong with the old ballpark for Christ's Sakes? WMQAM. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. I got a stiff for you. Not bad. Hey, uh, Alec Kessler. Miami Heat. Okay. I don't know if you remember him, but he would know. I don't, I don't pay too much attention to that crap. I do remember the Ain't Know. How about that he's by the way? I mean he's so he goes check. All right. Go. Fuck. I don't care. But it is interesting that everybody said, oh, they can't compete with Detroit man. They can't compete with a piston. Well, hell, guess what? Looks to me like they went to out of the first three. I could be wrong about that. But even somebody who doesn't give a flying rat's ass about it knows that they went to the first three didn't age Josh. Yes, they did. Sure, so they did. How about some age? You know, hockey. The same Josh Maple Leaf. All could be at four thirty seven boots on the power of life. But the moves are under power play. Let's watch a little bit of that. Or. And then a little bit. Here comes. There it's. I'm not going to go. I'll be there in that grits. What is he doing? Why are you there for like me? You got to take that. Well, that's enough of that hockey crap. But they are having some food full talks these days. Especially after ESPN said, hey, we're dropping you guys. And that's just a minute you didn't forget about it. And they're saying, well, see, you sure that? We want to like get our act together. I see if here's a hockey one. Even though I don't want to put a hockey one on there because the panther organization has had such a succession of stifos on there. But that's even worse than talking about horse racing with this audience. They just have no interest. As a tickening. That's my choice. I'm sorry. ESA. T.I. K.K.A. N. E. M. T.I. K. K. A. N. E. M. K. K. K. K. D. Grease He like how he's υ Lockfusion. Claude Wendell and Like for example, who was the other Noted Norwegian guy or a Swedish guy The wrong guy. Oh come on come on you can do it. I know I know Peter Warl on this list He was the black guy. He was a stiff I don't know Stipp would be an understatement. He was just he's just a brawler. He was a dirty player. Yeah, I got a stator guys Because when I want to see him play all he would do is you know just kick people right He's just a fighter. That's all not really a player at no skills couldn't skate was always fallen down tripping over the blue line Things like that. I was gonna say under his ericine. That's your drum Scandinavian guy real stiff, but you don't want to put that on there because you won't get any votes They don't know who that is there have been so many so many nice going there with that pants at organization How the pants is doing any interest even a little bit? No, WQAM hello Robert Swailer I didn't add in here Robert Swailer. He was an all star. Are you idiot? But I'm moron Jesus, I actually played for the mate make believes for a while on a Jenkins Robert's failure Jesus, who I'm saying about hockey knowledge and subfloor to how about Pavelle Brie you want to put him on here too? You idiot you moron you jackass you do fairy WQAM hello Yeah, like you're gonna power play. Yeah, but you like watching it, too Wow 567 Ever seen just like her no in fact next Memorial day just gonna shoot her WQAM hello Hey, fellas. How are you pretty good? Tell you what you got great show. I wanted to just mention this Um, do you ever stay with opening about 1971? I remember the only to the first game ever played there child As Bob Prince would say it was a deconflowence of the Ohio the Alleghenian the Monange hero Revers That is correct. That's right. That's why they named it three rivers for those who we need to care about such crap So 71 and then when did they open the new ballpark? I don't know I've lived down here ever since so in other words, maybe about I think we got to have another new ballpark. You're just getting pretty Congress man. So pretty soon there'll be a ballpark and every sweet corner I felt old when I heard that the stadium that I went to and it opened that already been torn down Yeah, that's that's a and how about me? I remember when I was became a pirate standard We're playing in Forbes field. So what does that say? Another in their third incarnation? So I'm just an old goat you and me It was a big deal because they had they had moved into New State in the year following a world series when in seven years 71 71 Over the orals. That's one comment they had that great world series, right? Yeah, I mean chicken on the hill with Willie's dog. We're gonna on a hill with Will baby now we're talking Bob Prince baby Now we're talking real broadcasters he ain't no Joe's a gacky. Thank God and he's still dead Thanks a lot. Thank you and Dr. I was great team. Right. See you in the nursing home. Okay. Okay. Now we're getting old. Hey. That's why it goes. It feeds y'all turn into 1040 1056 look at that the first hours gone Oh, they cow before you know it's gonna be time for another vacation It'll be the fourth did you lie it'll be the summer schedule all these things are coming along man All of you. Wow So much to look forward to brush the saying the same thing. No, I know This is the Neil Roger itself Please take the toy Don't go go go go Any questions Oh It's a winner could you talk about your van the Michael Jackson trial? I just like to it been good to like a thousand Joe's I was called by the defense. I made a fence with this so apparently they've never seen this program Michael can't be happy about this whole thing Michael was furious when he was about a game for the 120 became so angry actually That's so I was Michael think this whole thing's gonna work out. I think Michael 20 companies He says today. He's got a big party never mind ranch Wow, it's a lot of no two of five season. Do you have a problem here to begin the matter was X and my end? I don't know what you're talking about that. I got oh No, it was just fine. I didn't hear anything What it was that mean? I didn't hear anything raw. Oh, I think I thought maybe just to bring paying any attention What my suggestion for the pulses of fact you hear is earthquake any blade I also seem to recall they got busted for drugs and Canada sometime last year PS whatever happened really your book about attacking to the FA table PPS one when you're old whammy show is be available on DVD Yeah, the books come off. That'll be the same day that Berkeley gets a new account on the show. That's when the books come on Michael fascism says the biggest if I ever had the distortion of witnessing down here It's got to be robbing need or buyer Let me tell you about today that I was invited to lunch with Jeff Irmer and his wife and robbing need to my aunt chillies Oh, everybody saw grass all right. I've put it this many many times I was invited lunch, but then again gets who bought you? Yeah, it's his role as a fielder's false and God knows that returns of them is heart and effort could never be questioned the same could not be said for old robby What a waste of space robbing need or my Fire Got it on there we did need or my I'm not gonna tell you how to spell it you worry about it Eventually it says here's some joke or we'll call and say Dan Reno or Povell bury it's colors like those I'm sure you'll hear from them today who make me long to the WIOD days when you would start 69 this are Yes, and put their phone numbers on here. Oh, we don't want to do that no, no, I don't want to pay that much attention It's more it's more fun this way. I have no work. Don't really care anymore. See back in I would be maybe somebody cared Why should we care what our management people don't care right right if they don't care why should we care? We're not gonna care more exactly in other words if they want us to care we could care But they don't want us to care and they don't want us to like stir up a bunch of crap So just that forget about it. That's what we do we paid the same way to check it out or not It says in conclusion that in bread bread night bastard Minnesota who accidentally shot the four-year-old kid should be accidentally gangwripped in prison nonstop for 20 odd years until he's accidentally executed by accidentally lethal injection or even more Personal electrocution I like that all right, it's Michael well there you go Michael what can I tell you okay? Yeah, look at it. It's blown away because they had a Mcamophyse pain and it's gonna be on the target Oh, gee, I can really tell it was a kid back there It's like you know, okay, you're kind of like blended in and here's this moose call go play with it over there behind the target. Right. That's it 5 6 7 hey, he said look more like Charles Antler's every day and Tom five 6th you've arrived in singular right this line. Oh, I speak it about you know the juicy man What tells his name? I don't know the red flag. Yeah, exactly laying yes you do that. The claim is not the juicy man You he is now. Okay, so you know watch the informersials on Sunday. There's nothing else on you better get early other day while Sunday is loaded with him It's either eat the press and at that face the Tim Russert that red face fat face buffalo freak or It's Informersials Ron Popeel and there is a chef Tony and there's the flavor wave Deluxe seven man. That's a great. That's the best investment I made in years nothing is fantastic But the results of the summer crap fine, oh, and I know what it was remember I was forgetting about last week. I was starting to talk about the Internet on my blueberry blackberry yellow and then I kind of like lost my train Lot forgot to begin 6th of it and I just had it there in the tip of my tongue and just kind of you're gonna get a lot of that these next three years because all the Zion I know the drugs help a lot to oh, yeah, that'll do it every time especially here Know what it is is that I can't stand these and that's just on the blackberry about any website like the Harold You've even been looking at a website for years no problem at all the Harold sucks and then you like click on it Like oh first after register that's yeah because to register on your nuclear blackberry It's almost impossible because it's just a little screen and you got a scrolled and by the time he gets his name more It's not just the Harold there's all much of that wants you to register or do the story most of them The Boston globe and the LA time I had a lot of register. Okay. I don't want to give you any information I just want your free crap on you. Okay. We don't make people register before they look at our website Which by the way sure some beats the Harold's website sideways upside down and backwards Who the hell they can Hey, you people have the Harold your website sucks WQA and hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I won't for you for you. Yeah, yeah, Neil Green You have animals green. Yeah, Neil Green. You have okay. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm gentle green I guess he didn't hear the promo. It's like before and if he did he probably would understand me more than we do Yeah, what about the antel green speaking of the dolphins Our day Joseph talked to Yantel Green Oh no and what's that just talking about menthols before yes? You were say well I've actually yentle like his levels especially at the next time of the year man Link Well, there's nothing more nasty you go into a restaurant you say what's the super day? They they're two of that just send me gagging right to the bowl You know what they are Well, you know what what what is a mental and the other is peace soup. Oh God I like it if it's good. I got the access is DVD the new on a bridge one on the other room with all the special effects If I want to see peace and call that there is nothing worse than T soup I mean everybody likes a little pee, you know I can floor and so that great restaurant we ate in There's so little tiny piece around me that hummingbird egg man. That was a good appetizer Dominic you are you? Hello, yes, sir. I just zoom in you got a great way Lucas on your phone He's leaving the pack man. And he's not leading me. He was the first one we put on there. Yes Okay second thing you want catch miss the universe last night Kennedy and girl. How do you like that? Hey no, this Puerto Rico is wrong Tell you girl wins it age from what's your from writer college nice going honey? The Kennedy and girl wins them as universe actually saw the end of that and I called it Call one deserving this guy says the Puerto Puerto we can go away He may actually fix somebody hot for the winner hot enough you don't have a good Reverse it all turn around right down to whatever oh Here's all here's another one yes, yes It said the panthers traded what were right warner for Mike Wilson I remember the scouting report on Wilson good skater with a heavy shot They forgot can't play hockey my cool. There's another one that isn't really getting more another A penguin reject Mike Wilson get that on there is one of the address can actually spell Says warners been a three-standic up finals with three different teams Wilson playing roller hockey and movie stars and Scat you on how is it going in medicine had or that's Robby? I'm sorry he's from medicine had you better start learning your Canadian cities like Chicutamay I know where medicine had is there, you know where Chicutamay is no it's gonna cool back in I'm a way to my cure all no go to my cure on and I get great even hospital with all me named How about the past the pa there's a place called PAS the pa it's not just the PAS the pa and then there's the ma W2A M hello W2A M hello 7 to Q a M hello Yes, sir. Hey, you're talking about all the problems with registering for websites I think you use firepockery is a million with buck me not calm bug me not You know add on or you can go to the website and when it does is it just brings up pre registered a user ID some passwords that are kind of generic and can be used by anybody Right and and so you don't have to register you if you go to a site Family you still have to figure out how to form no no that's the whole thing You don't have to because these these passwords already exist and they're real and they're and they're you know Valipaths or so I have to do is just use that password and you get into the site with our registry But the that no but you still have to write type those to the password and the Code and I stuff and put that in there to get on it Give me just that one entry is opposed to having to put it all your all your personal stuff. Oh, I see. Okay. Well. Thanks. Oh, I'm funny You make stuff up anyway, at least I do have a dummy My point of whether it's my Make sure you're right. Yeah, I don't want to be bothered to go and say like take it a minute or two minutes or 40 seconds or maybe even Seconds to sit there and dittler around I just want to see the story. Okay Like the show you gotta kiss my ass defect. I want to see something in your garbage website Especially when they're hurtful that right now this goes back to the day I was trying to find out if the hurricanes one or lost. I was like nice Wednesday So we find out if we had a show on Thursday am I right well we're well what about whatever was and So I go to the Harold and the sports page I couldn't get on it because oh, and you got a register first Well, why is that I've checked your website out 8 million times before you morons you choice heads? You know why why they weren't information so they can spam you You know they're waiting to face until they can sell it to somebody you would not right exactly all of it bastards God, do I hate you? But like I said then the Boston Boston Global all of a sudden I've been the same thing with him. This is a new trend More and more of these places are start with this new crap We want you're information just like in a prison remember what you want information Well, we won't get on it. I got to start watching rest of those are gonna make you feel better I would have Oh, and maybe someday if you live long enough you'll get those two DVDs why should I go out and buy him again? Already paid for that I'm gonna say this week they show up there Just like Josh being a skeptic on that food which I I noticed that he kind of like minimize the impact of that whole deal You were Adam and you were like testizing me every single day on the show Oh, why do you even bring it up again? You silly old fat fat? Why do you talk about that? You know it's not gonna happen Nobody's gonna bring us any food in the press box Well, I mean and then even my point nobody like sitting at the game is gonna be like hey What difference is it make who brought look at look at this? To listen to me listen to me listen this okay if somebody brought you a suitcase with a million dollars in small bills in cash in it Okay, would it make a difference who it was that brought it whether was a listener whether was a sponsor where there was Somebody's a mother-in-law would it make a difference out at all? Well, there you go So just kiss the ground and the thanks to our difference Troy and Troy right I told you we come too free and then most think if that pizza up there We've got a long way to go. So I'm in the first adjunct tomorrow. We got a long sees man. No, that's a lot of trouble That's what I'm saying nobody that is a listener is just gonna go to the game and remember to put their chiefs They don't care about all right the fact that matter is that try from balance for life You know whatever reason you can imagine he still likes this. I don't know why he still likes this. It's fun that Boba Ghanuch Now, just be right here and bring you any Any pop I get no next time Yeah next time just a whole big core full of Boba Ghanuch Maybe that might wake up that Dave and boring little bit might also lower Rossi's voice I'm not give her two couldn't hurt Rossi 11 13 a QA and it's this much good Stop They Like U I've been in the world which I haven't been to Iraq or Iran or some of the most of the world. But in the places I've been the only place where at nighttime especially but like even in the broad daylight as you walk in down the street and you're afraid that maybe you're going to get shot maybe not conscious of it all the time although in LA you are. But it's the US. Yeah. Crazy people with guns, everybody's got guns. They got guns up the old. Right, go ding-yang. I'm going to go get me some just in time for October. Go on, get a whole bunch of them today. Go up your SUV with gun. I don't want to be the only one to see it. Oh, they're family. Especially, Stradigactober 1 when the new floor log goes into effect time by your fan as governor that most of you approve of. And if somebody like you, like if they look dangerous, they give you like that evil eye. If there is like a little confrontation over a parking spot, if they come up with an 15 TV at the AT and it looks like they got that Robin looking er eyes or Batman looks like the Cropway. That's it. Oh, Charlie. Left on the green light. They're just like that guy in Minnesota. No charges. He is the fun. He's having some fun. 429 votes. What's out for the athlete was the biggest stiff. Don't care. I'm not a sports nerd. 114, 26 and a half percent of this crap. They don't give a flying joist about sports. How do you like that, huh? You joy sense? J. F. or 47. Sammy Smith 43. Look at the way he's moving up there fast. Ray Lucas 38. I think it's a racial thing. That's right. J. F. Oh, yeah. Anti-symite thing. More testies just Strad and also an anti-spicting 37. 129. Lawrence 1225. Cecil Collins 21. He's working in that window, baby. He's another one. He's still doing time. Don't know. Hank was doing about the all the jailbirds in the dolphins. Peter were 11. He's another one. He had a little bit of a VUI problem. Which team did a really good job of keeping that quiet for a long time? Steve. Emptron 11. 11. Is that correct? Yes. He was a defensive lineman. Well, I'll be damned. Probably not a very good one. Chris Wells 9 all boyed and he's soccer. What? Absolutely. Talk maybe more. We'll be talking about Chris Wells and Esse taken in this afternoon on his show. Here probably be talking about Keto. No, about that. Junior Felix 8, Ronnie's cycling 7. See you said about it. Oh, it's Roni's cycling. There's what you've got here Roni. Roni's cycling 7. John Moses 6. Bobby Humphrey's 5. He used to snort up inside the top lines. Yentel Greer. Look at the a tail green. That's right. That was his name. Three. See, if he is a something long enough, it's like mo. If you say long enough, you don't know what the real name was anymore. No, mo. Three for Yentel Greer. Robbie needed my head up here. Unfortunately, he never used him playing for us. S. A teacon and two. The old figure skater boy. He just round and around. Way behind a play too, because otherwise, he got up in the play. He might have heard. Alicester won and Michael's and so far has got to go. Oh, it's because nobody knows who that is. Jamar, fletcher, dolphins, never one ramped to us for the 2000s season. Somebody suggest Jamar, fletcher. Is that Jamar? Jamar, you see? Jamar, you see? Jamar, but we're not as stupid as you want. What? So many stiffs in so little time. For a part of our cowly tape, it rests as good. Jamar, good friend. Alzar, cowly? Oh, yeah. The one that was dead, or the one that you write is a press conference. It's like kind of like out in front of the people around me. Yeah. Pursing that social security just can't stand it. Nobody. And he's also pushed the fact he's going to veto any federal funds for Stimstone. And Briana Stimstone's are there. He's keeping the same stuff over and over and over. And yesterday, Arlen's specter. Remember, Bush's specter? Yep. Arlen's specter said that he's got enough votes to override the veto. How do you like that? I asked it. Put that in your pocket. I will. El Presidente, you goof all you do for you. Don't throw a guy here. I'm not sure I'm in for that. Yeah. And keep in mind that they select the questioners in advance. And they already know what the questions are. That's what we hear from the first. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Thank you. My question is about China, which alludes large and the large. Yeah, it loons large. They're living large as a depot would say. Remember, veto? I don't want to say it. They're living large. Don't say it. Anyway, in surgery leader, Alzar Cowings, who we thought was dead. Just like chemical Oli, we killed him. I'm an exemplary killing. My third man's day told us to kill me. Still alive. Man. I bet you that what's his name is really upset about that. So let's go. Virgil Solato. Yeah. And his job. They hit him with 30 shots. But they're still alive. That they and my Alzar Cow. That news for me. Suffer and bad news for you if you don't get your act together. There's certainly a minor combat wound to call down Osama, Yamama, to put an unspecified plan in emotion. Oh, my God. Question. Emotion in the plan. According to an audio tape statement, it attributed yesterday and the Jordanian borderist. Oh, but there was all that blood pouring out. He was like, oh, he was injured so bad. About a way it was, um, Alan killed Philophon guiding light. Of course they don't know about it yet, but we do. CNN is not in course, maybe some of you folks out there to get in Light crowd want to call up some of the characters on the show and tell him. Alan did it. You would be a adaptation for Harley. Alan did it. CNN is not confirmed the voice on the recording. Oh, wow. We already know that. But they will after a few days. They all while we checked it all out of was him. The statement addressed to Bin Laden says rumors that Alan was wounded, Suits alone up to come up and combat to seek treatment at the hospital in Western Iraqi city of Ramadi. Have no truth in them. There are pack allies. I am now thank God between my brothers and my family and Iraq. I'm practicing the battle against the Crusader. His statement says, it'll be courting to have a letter from a soldier to his aim here. The speaker calls on Bin Laden to give the signal to put an unspecified plot into action. How do you like that? An unspecified plot? Something's going on. Yeah. So that's probably what I want. All of these we didn't have any terrorist thing thank goodness in the Vegas over the weekend. Not good? Yeah, that's good. Remember that lady call what we had her say she was going to Vegas for the brother of all. I said, oh, the moral day weekend. Oh, that's just a perfect time. All of the July fourth weekend sounds more likely to me. I believe that the plan is already reached you as on its way and we are waiting for your instructions. The speaker says, Al Zarkawi. The speaker blast president pushes the dog of the yellow skin. I didn't know Bush was Chinese and calls Iraqi president Jalal Talibania is Zionist American and the enemy of God. Damn God. I challenge you if you are a man to walk down the street any part of Iraq. This speaker comes to Talibania. Oh, see what I was saying before the US and Iraq are the only two places that I want to walk down the street because you're going to get shot to a bunch of crazy people with guns and although I will say they got more car bombs to a side bombers over there but never less. I got some good news for you. Follow up to a story we had last week about that chicken and rich crest California but got a ticket for J walking, crossing the road. Okay. A chicken that got a ticket for crossing the road is caught as way out of it. The $54 citation for impeding traffic was dismissed Friday after link and Helena Moore's attorney argued that the foul was domesticated and could not be charged as livestock. It was a domestic chicken. It was a law-restrived livestock on highways but not domestic animals. And like a dog, if you dog crosses the street, not going to get ticket for it, right? I see. The chicken was ticketed marks 26 from peating traffic after one down the road in Johannesburg, a rural mining community south east of Rich Crest, California. The more I said they got to ticket because they were among several people who complained that deputies had done too little to curb noisy off road vehicle riders. So that was like revenge. For last two and a half years, no one's been able to stop the kids riding their bikes in the middle of the road or the neighbors dogs running around our hood. I think Moore said that when our chicken escaped in Crossebro, once it became a huge issue, Sheriff's official said the ticket had nothing to do with the Moore's complaints. Do we believe in dogs? Absolutely not. What a cow! That's a big sign of the sea. Make it first or now. Hold on. Watch us on the beach. Get the tentative. The school's ready to buy a ticket. Rock solid. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Two POWho will fold? Two-ply? Oh where we... All the harder I go, Two POF alleys Stop time要 Trives Set of dreaming Two POF alleys Three target 무채 Two POF alleys Two POF alleys Two POF chase Two isolated kisses One between the police And in our team in the area, I don't know why Play all the wonders I have alive here There's no other way forward in the world The president of the shit You're fair All what I get to know, no more close for And get to win all the world And anyone in your world Don't go below, all the hits from the stupid Don't go below, all the bad, this world we rich get Don't go below, all the easy things No more than me Please, president of the shit Oh, get to know what it's all They got a man, they got a man They're all deep down, they're fresh No more than me Hold for the rest of you with that I'm so cold, they're all deep down We've got a great leader And it's been a much longer on to you and ran that into the shit There's no other way around, I'm so hot I'm crazy We're all alive, we're all alive We're all alive, we're all alive All the fucking gang, they're small, baby We're all alive We're all alive, we're all alive This is where it's live, all alive His attorney urged a judge today to limit the medical records That prosecutor is going to review for their investigation And whether they conservative commentator Or legally purchased painkillers Attorney where a black said the records Which were seized in 2003 To be reviewed by a judge before they're open to prosecutors A certain state attorney James Marseille Investigators have agreed not to publicly disclose The personal details contained in the medical records He urged Palm Beach, Circuit Judge Jeffrey A. Winner Cough, to let quickly Because the investigations already been stalled More than 18 months five pills They just went and got they dragged it out On and on it goes There's not an investigation in criminal law that gets better with time This thing has been protracted and protracted and protracted Marseille and protracted Limbal hope to keep his records close to the prosecutors But he launched it to Circuit Court in the Pelicore levels And of course as we know the Florida Supreme Said we're not going to hear the case Oh, good Fry his phony Critical ass is finger pointing ass Okay, and the rest of him too Pilled pop and deflaid idiot Work You know how fast they cover all that stuff up About how all his German problems all I've cracked And about the oxies in the side of Fezia Just amazing Anybody on the far right man A man the farther to the right to whatever it really do They get off the Supreme Court fight away over turn The conviction of the Arthur Anderson people You know in the inron scandal They said ah How do you like that? Lies What about Arthur Murray Now here's a good comment You'll never guess who wrote it It's like a miracle old Ralph Nader and Kevin Zeece Okay Kevin Zeece is directed Of democracy rising US Ralph Nader is an old Jewish hold But nevertheless The I word impeachment How do you like that? I like it a lot I haven't seen that how many months have I been saying that? What is that? What is that? What is this country for Christ's They've said the impeachment A president in Bush and vice president Cheney under article two section four of the constitution Should be part of mainstream political discourse And they are Absolutely correct Sirs Minutes from a summer 2000 meeting involved in British Prime Minister Tony Blair Where he had that the Bush administration was Fixing the intelligence to just justify invading Iraq US intelligence used to justify the war Demonstrates repeatedly the truth of the meeting minutes Evidence was still an even fixing President Clinton was impeached for poetry about his sexual Relationships Comparing Clinton's misbehaviorage Where destructive and costly war occupation Launched in March 2003 under false pretenses In violation of domestic and international law Certainly merits the introduction of impeachment resolution 89 members of Congress have asked the president While the intelligence was manipulated to lead the US to war The letter points to British meeting minutes That raised troubling new questions regarding the legal justification for the war Those minutes described the case for war as thin And saw them as non-shrining to his neighbors And written in America had to create conditions to justify war Finally military action was seen as inevitable But the intelligence in fact were being fixed around the policy Indeed there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq Nor any even a threat to the US The IAEA Iraqi inspection team reported in 1998 There were no indications of Iraq having achieved its program goals Of producing an nuclear weapon Nor were there any indications that there remained an Iraq any physical capability For productive amounts of weapon-usable material A 2003 update by the IAEA which is same conclusions A The CIA told the White House in February 2001 We don't have any direct evidence that Iraq has reconstituted its weapons and mass destruction program Non-zero, not a bit, not a piece Cool and Paul said in February 2001 that Saddam Hussein has not developed any significant capability With respect to weapons of mass destruction The CIA told the White House in fall 2002 Memos not to make claims of Iraqi-waning purchases CIA directed George Tenant personally called top-mashals security officials Reporting them not to use that claim as proof of an Iraq nuclear threat Regarding unmaned bombers highlighted by Bush, the Air Force's National Air and Space Intelligence Center concluded They could not carry weapons-spray devices The Defense Intelligence Agency told the President in 2002 that the unmaned aerial bombers were unproven Further there was no reliable information showing Iraq was producing or stockpiling chemical weapons Or whether it had established chemical Asian production facilities When discussing WMD, the CIA's words like might and could The case was always circumstances over the qualifications Unlike the President and Vice President, the first example, Shaini set on August 26, 2002 Simply stated there was no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of ash destruction The State Department in 2003 said the activities we have detected do not add up to a compelling case that Iraq is currently pursuing And integrated in comprehensive approach to acquire nuclear weapons An National Intelligence System in issued an October 2002 said we have no specific intelligence information That Saddam's regime has directed an attack against US territory The UN, IAEA, the State Energy Department, the Air Force's National Air and Space Intelligence Center, US inspectors Even the CIA concluded there was no basis for the Bush-Chaini public assertions The President of Bush told the public in September 2002 that Iraq could launch a biological chemical attack An is a little 45 minutes after the order is given and just before the invasion the President said Facing clear evidence of peril but cannot wait for the final proof of smoking gun that could come in a form of a mushroom cloud The President and Vice President have artfully dodged the central question That the administration mislead us into war by manipulating and mistaking intelligence Concerning weapons of mass destruction and alleged ties to Al Qaeda The President contrary intelligence is deliberately exaggerating to the danger of a contained weakened Iraq Poe to the US and its neighbors If this is answered affirmatively Bush-Chaini committed high crimes and misdemeanors It is time for Congress to investigate the illegal war in Iraq as we move toward the 30th of this endless crime Mayer that many security experts believe jeopardizes US safety by recruiting and training more terrorists A resolution in peace that will be the first step based on the mountains of fabrication, the exceptions and lies It is time to debate the I word Absolutely I like that He goes round old girl around me to make Kevin do this He's a piece Or get that Iraqi President trust CNN that you saw them traveled into my San Francisco because you gotta get the closing arguments and Michael Jackson trial for it When it comes to a taxi It's real about your I'm a part of what the hell is a matter of me You sound like you're crying You sound like you're crying I'm thinking about my aliens Been kidnapped again I am I am You've been kidnapped by aliens Where they don't tuck you I'm looking for a key I'm looking for a key I'm looking for a key That in the market Where is it? It can Mexico Where? It can Mexico I'm looking for a key Yes, I was in Georgia No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I don't believe you You don't have to lie to me I'm gonna get married I really do I just thought I would keep that by hand I'm not a lady I'm gonna say, I'm short here I get your hair I get your hair Who does The TV's not short hair Are you saying short hairy men like Ryan? See, crash short Oh, long is a mess The longer luck's obvious I'm not gonna make it your day I'm not gonna make it your day I'm not gonna make it your day I believe you are Are you gonna pick you up? I'm gonna say that 11 11 Yes Can you get me a slurpee? What? Slurpee? What? Slurpee? Yep Like a blue bar rule I just think you're not I think you're stupid All right, I'll get a slurpee All right, I'll get a slurpee You really been kidnapped, honey I'm just planning to do the blue men Aliens drop a blue man Yes Like a Chevy man No So So four No What kind of man What? What kind of man What? Is that they're gonna bring me Is that the probe you know? No So give me a bra Yeah So like a little tree No, you idiot I'm not coming all the way I'm just gonna say that the family You don't want to burn me day No, what? No, I don't But I forgive you I don't care You come home I'm just coming home I'm done with this Of this shit I'm like a little fake I believe you I believe you I believe you I believe you I believe you Let me tell you Let's see your surprise from Harry and Miami Says America is in big trouble The unhyveled proof can be found at OnegoodMove.org Click on May Archives The much of clip of W speech last week Head of Paul T. propaganda Simply un- Unbelievable The label says here Neil May God be with us Harry and Miami We're lucky Harry Alfred for us Now, more bad news They got two pieces of bad news And one good news Yeah All right, get the bad ones out of the way For a tag-in-tube sign And helicopter crash overnight And bag dead At least they were telling us And the governor of Ann Barre Providence was found dead after Clients is between US forces and Insurance who abducted in three weeks ago Meanwhile, President Chilal Taubani told CNN The authorities expected to put Saddam Hussein on trial The next two months Once we get this Michael Jackson business Taking care of now Now, bad news From Boston How much you Josh knows about this? What? You know who died? Who? You don't know Well, I'm going to tell you You are so out of the loop For thousands and thousands of Spanish-speaking members of Red Sox Nation One paid road JP Pull-Aman was the voice You don't know him? Who? The man who screamed until he was horse And laughed easily as he told fans about David Ortiz's mammoth Homirons, many rumors Adventures in La Thio And the team's miraculous comebacks Pull-Aman, the Spanish language play by Play by a flight radio answer for the Red Sox He used to die early yesterday When his fortice score Besides swipe to truck I understand 93 and he will be Rolled down in the backwind sland into a tree He was passed dead as the scene Police said he appeared to be speeding When he was a control of his SUV The driver of the truck hasn't There wasn't injured no charges Have been filed He was a Who was from there? We put look at the minicana And he's dead Okay I wonder you know here why I've talked about How he described Then he also described the exploits of all the other Angle players on the team Oh, imagine I would think Everything has to be like Dan La Bastard Oh, we didn't win a series Miami, it was us The Cubans won a series That was Levi Levi Let's play that song by Elin John Levi, come on Not Now you want to go to the good news Okay, we know what you already know But you're such an anti-Christian You're such an anti-Christian And an anti-Christian slater person I think probably because you're anti-Christian So they're probably putting an in-Christian A Christian brand or you probably know I can do much either Hey, he bored her Yeah, about the bitch After Christian slater was arrested Man, hadn't early day after he sexually harassed a woman I'm a straight police said Oh, right, there's a picture of After Christian slater being escorted by the police And then New York police car this morning Which just like Christian slater Slater 35 was taken into custody And an upper-east side neighborhood of Man, hadn't that for police? He's funded with a call from a woman Who said she'd been attacked while walking Said New York police sergeant Mary Dordy Basically, we had a woman behind A woman's behind, okay? A woman's behind on the street And then slater was intoxicated at the time Oh, yeah, can I really do a name there, huh? All right, I just like grab your hands He's been charged with third degree sexual abuse As a thing, held at the 19th Precent And Man, hadn't expected to be a reigned Late this morning, well it's pretty late now Slater has had previous trouble with the law In 1997, it was charged with three kinds of assault One kind of battery after his soldered girlfriend While intoxicated He just had drug drunk, I guess He served 59 days of a three month sentence He has started in search of films as in a few With the vampire, released in 1994 Broken Arrow 96 and heather is in 1989 And he sucks He doesn't like them a little tiny bit We can't stand Christian slater And he's a grippy drug He's a grippy drug as well Now, here's the big break from CNN W Mark Phelps, can that be felt? Was deep throat Who? He was the number two man at the FB I-I-I-I-I All the speculation about him, I might have been this one, I might have been And here's the guy that nobody ever heard of before He's 91 years old, he's still alive And he's come for an interview in vanity fair He says, I was deep throat To identify their sources and a criminal investigation Who would have earned steam water game? Anybody remember that? No, okay, I remember Nixon No, who? Okay, let's get some calls on you Because we need to aim as persistent few calls So we can give as many possible stiffs on this poll as we can What's the answer for the athlete? Was the biggest stiff of all time? Don't care, not as sports, nor 137, 26% solvers Audiences say, you mama, we don't care You won't make us care, and we won't care tomorrow Or we can't make us sick as either And you like that Sammy Smith 52, JP 350 We got a good battle going on More testies to strata 44 Ray Lucas 40, Harold minor 36, Lawrence Phillips 33 Cecil Collins 32, Eric Cumorrow 15 Eric Cumorrow is going to load up for the dolphins Come, Bound Joe, look at the surf site Peter Royal 14, hey, speaking of bad runs Steve Emptman 12, I do like his doughnuts, though not Can't stand that intimate Oh, I'm sorry, better check my list It's right, they're great We love everybody, if it's food we like it Uh-huh, you know, it's all green 11, Chris Wells 9 Who in your field or nine, John Boza 8 Ronnie Cycle, who is that Ronnie Cycle is ready Jim R. Fletcher's got six, Bobby Humphrey's five Robbie Needemars got a pair, S. Tickin' and two Alex Kessler's got two in Mark Michael's No, I have any because nobody, well first of all he didn't play Uh, very long with a pant, there's no second There's no hockey fans I mean, big stiff is the understanding of the century Who do they trade for Michael's and somebody Pretty good, right Warren, that's right, like the fact saying A good player for a stiff nice go on a great organization And they see a really better shape because I was ripping him and ask And he's over at least so Uptight thin skin in confidence WQIM hello, yes sir How you doing today? Sensational How about the The long gone David Woodley? Oh, poor David I know, but he's up But didn't he play a Super Bowl though? Yeah, but he was in a E-E-E-Thorrel Okay, well, at least he won't be upset by Thanks David Woodley, rest in peace He's pretty good looking guy though Yeah, that's about all I can say for him And he is skin kind of turned, didn't he hit like what was it a liver thing? Oh, he also has problems, I do believe Some kind of visit booze, I guess whatever his deal was Like you know, when you play for the brain stem A lot of pressure, a lot of pressure You just asked him, I had to write a lot of pressure Asked a Kim Bbocamper, he'll tell you, a lot of pressure Remember the cure bees? Nope, nope 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, leave a ride And those are the days, baby, is a whole different lifetime A different era in South Florida, sports in football We got to eat going out, they went to out of free from Detroit Spiderman all the experts in the purverts And they couldn't like a whole other Josh Strafton like that I wonder what they say about it on the Raptors channel Do you know that the Raptors are here now they call MBATV And what are the heat? It's like, remember what was the... Was it the WFL, the World Football League, where the Henders ridiculous named like the Chicago Fire and the Deet Fort Wheel? There's particular names and all those little leagues Larkham Army heat That was a wrong to Miami heat What kind of a name is that? It's like a collective, I mean, you can't beat the heat Very good Yeah, that's cute Two games, the one That's dropping me, opening contest, there you go Let's hear it for the heat The Miami heat have responded by what I think Shack for prison, he'd be a good head of state And we're defending champions into a near, must-one situation Tonight at the palace, the heat's are the ones Talking about playing with their backs again Oh, right We're getting ready What are your name and jokes, man? That's my heroine We're getting ready for us A few days ago Again, we must win Because we're having our confidence, all we still be happy That's how we play against the city That's how we play against the city That's a venue, all the media comments We don't mind doing all basketball stuff A little bit too sports intensively We don't want to get clearance all like it his hopes up Here's line nine, WKOM, hello Go to lunch, George Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha When you go to lunch, you have to go to lunch She gets his lunch for free, he gets it right there Sitting on his ass, honey like that You're just jealous, palmy What did he get today? The LTE is from Halees The LTE is from Halees today, no charge One thing, Josh Cordis is learning about real fast man About the second day he worked on the first day Free food Fluttery first of all in his business He's most of the people don't make any money at all Few of us do, but mostly peons don't make a dime But he lots of free food And free aggravation, free lectures Two all the time from the intermediate management types WKOM, hello QAM QAM What are you doing? Pretty good, palmy, what are you got? You got up your world, and Josh's a real one on there Josh's a real one I'm gonna ask you a minute, okay, in fact they made him into a coach Did he last learn all of now? He ever coached before or not It was the defenseman coach and of course, how can he be a defensive coach when you can't play defensive in the first place CIR, REL, A, Josh's a real one He's gonna get lots and lots of those man from the Zegians of Panther They're hockey fans out there from the knowledgeable South Florida hockey crowd Come, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Now, so, this week's a security top range Advising you to put duct tape on your radio When I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour I'm dying, I'm dying You fell Two thousand four years up Mix your will have more love I can see it now I bet they'll cure that count But even five cure for that guy might go more When you feel you're at shooting That cash will all be free Even when push cuts are taxes Depends to swirls still go down And that will not use taxes O summa will be found I know there will be peace throughout the news All this will graduate and we rise Will be stars straight, please let it be a great year I sure hated this year Don't enforce our selections And no more flu infections, see these will be cleaners And star jump will be leaner Let's all look up the bright side It's two thousand two thousand five Come on to a few and we got two The mad dog at four Marlins, pregame at six thirty Marlins at the power to get it to 705 at RPG XYZ Park And then any care for the game Here's a perfect example I'm talking about the software and knowledgeable sports fame I don't understand how he can have two much less even one sports station on here And it's turned because they just don't they know nothing about sports Even George knows more about sports and he hates it What Frank says a perfect example of a South Florida stiff Martin's Strake Well guess what Marty Strake played a huge role in that big year run And a one great season of fantasy and the organization when he went to the Stanley Cup finals The acquisition of Ray Shepherd and Marty Strake is played a big part of why they got where they did This is a believey average more points a game in Pittsburgh than the average shots again in Florida Absolutely incorrect Frank I can never reason you're getting sucked in because hard ass dog McLean never liked Marty Strake And so the second year he was there he didn't play him a lot unfortunately Hell of a player unfortunately injury problem but never less one a hell of a player You're absolutely incorrect Frank get a life you idiot you you quiz me I have no right typical South Florida hockey Maven Now here's that deep throat story is it anybody cares? No, but we got to do it WWE Mark felt That's not an act that's his name WWE Mark felt who retired from the FBI after rising to what second most senior position Has identified himself as the deep throat source quote about a Washington Post to break the water gates scandal The president next his resignation vanity magnitude vanity fair magazine says today Oh my god I'm the guy they used to call the throat he told John the O'Connor the author of entity for his exclusive that appears in its July issue Tell 999 the one living in Santa Rosa, California reportedly gave a counter permission to disclose his identity after all of these years how many years Not 30 minutes More than that The felt family cooperated fully providing old photos for the story and agreeing to sit for portraits Vanity first day to the press release Tell city was only doing his duty did not sing to bring down Nixon over the cover up of the break in at the Democratic Party officers in the Watergate complex and Washington DC I wonder how my old friends you Gordon Lydia's doing if he's still not even any rent. All right. This is she Gordon Lydia. Well good for you Isn't that incredible huh W mark felt Okay See what the interesting it was anybody that we have a herd of before anybody ever have oh here's another one I don't know if this is if you agree with this because I don't think so he was a terrific one He played the only problem is he don't play no more. It says you forgot Ricky Williams Would you call him a stiff no? I mean he stiffed a team But as a player he wasn't a stiff sorry look once again Question I guess because when he played he was outstanding and he was a mile But nevertheless here's a story that is just so typical not only to gun story But this one too The rock band nine inch nails said Friday. Are you seeing this story? No No, well, I need more than that the rock band in nine inch nails MTV presents nine inch nails on club. No, they don't they think they do but they know Well, I can't play that. I don't know if the bleep is really good now. It's so big and long and is it? Yes You positive positive so I'm keeping my all right MPV presents nine inch nails on club I want to get an animal Damn it's not on I'm gonna visit working You know over my bunk On club only on M TV. She just to cover our ass I threw a 50 case there really wasn't you know So it's story the rock band nine is nails said Friday cancel plans to appear on next week's MTV movie wars After the never questioned the bands plans to perform in front of an image of President Bush See where this country is going. No, I had not heard just like Sylvia Carlos Coney and Italy man who owns a ride We'll know right do a ride drive ride try whatever it is No sat there because you make in front of me same thing in America very soon Coming to a country near you very close to you very soon Total complete ultimate censorship The band was played in a perform the hand that feeds the first single from its latest album and LA time review called the song of wearing against Blight acceptance of authority including that of a president leading his nation to war We receptive performed the hand that feeds with an unmolested straight forward image of George W. Bush's the backdrop Apparently the image of our president is offensive to MTV as it is to me nine inch nails later Trent Resner a seven statement posted on the bands website MTV said in the statement while we respect the highest nails point of view We were uncomfortable with it performance being built around a partisan political statement When we discussed our discomfort with the band that their choice was to unfortunately pull out her movie awards when it doubt they pulled it out good MTV is owned by a via com and the corporate parent of the doly intimidated broadcast network CBS See what they worked over Dan Radar and worked over CBS and then of course all the other associated stuff and Janet Jackson know for yet today is out And Not one right up right at the old same alley Sally Maryland's largest school district. This is rockville, Maryland. Maryland's largest school district is scrapping sex education materials That have come under fire for implying that homosexuality is a biological trait and for demonstrating how to put on a condom The Montgomery County school board voted last week to rethink its curriculum weeks after a federal loss of waspile by two groups Who said it did not do enough to stress abstinence or give opposing views on a whole mall or sexuality You're fairie Go on from the curriculum will be materials that imply that homosexuality is a biological trait excluding viewpoints of those who believe same sex attraction can be overcome Also drop was a seven minute video that was to be shown to 10th graders and which a woman puts a condom on a cute Comber to demonstrate its use The school system had planned to launch the pilot program for eighth and tenth graders on May 9 But suspended it for the rest of the school year after US district yog Alexander Williams, it should attend a restraining order It was unclear how the board's actual effect attempts to reach a settlement in the lawsuit brought by citizens We responsible for our citizens for a responsible curriculum and they Virginia based parents and friends of ex-gays and gays You're fair. Oh, God The district's curriculum will be rewritten by professional educators and consultants and a 27 member of citizens Advisory Committee will help oversee the process the board will consider the revisions next school year But we're not ready for that quiet yet. It's only 2005 as we keep turning back to clock turning back those hands You can just see it in now like they're on big Ben man See these big right wing idiots up there like just physically cranking their hands of the clock back The other crank though, right now they're cranking it speak that of disgusting things Nashville, Tennessee. I think this is ridiculous A mother faces criminal charges after she hired a stripper did you see this? No, but this happens periodically she hired a stripper to dance at her 16 year old sons birthday party That's the way that's the first 34 has been in diet. I wonder if he's kind of wane furist. Don't spell to say my doubt it An effort is 34 has been embedded by a grand jury on charges of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and involving a minor and of seeing acts The boys father the script were and two others also faced charges I tried to do something special for my son for a set it didn't harm him About 10 people on V. D. V. team were also at the birthday party in September Including miners who were not related to the family Police postman don't errand said miners are not permitted to dump establishments a person should be allowed to circumvent the law by having a stripper a lady took all her clothes off and spent a good amount of time dancing around miners He said a net furist took photos at the party and tried to have them develop a nearby drugstore Those pain in the ass drugs to employees notified the authorities police said yes, who are yeah Digital camera is baby Who are they to tell me what I can and can't shoot on my own children the mother said how do you like that The stripper police And we got the chicken crossing the road police and the stripper police and the pop police and the Looking at somebody cross on please, but you just wait October one man That's what they give you any crap Seeing dangerous to you Just implore to blow their crap away anybody anybody your own life Okay, I have plans. Yeah They look at you with that evil eye All the way and say hi. It's not that we're a danger a clear and present danger Right, it's good enough for the president What does that mean clear present danger? I'm gonna nag all right You know just I'm talking right now, right? Cut rap right now. If it in the bud bud Just before we do this thing here, but how could how can we be promoting his handgun again tonight? I Did you get the regioa we just played course that but I was gonna be able to hang from eight thirty to nine thirty today Is that what it just said Josh? I didn't hear it either I think I work Now that American idol is over get ready for animal idol No Oh my god That was weird. That is like you just said dog you saying like a dog dog you did your dog Actually is a thing you permit the positively low, because we have that Kind懂able That's notquele one out with a hook in a moment. Nice play. It's a great match. It's a great match. And I'm all idle. I'm fucked. OK, you want to do that? We do it again if you got it there. Yeah, he can back it up. We're back it up a little bit. And we're going to be joined too. You want me to play again? Yeah. Play it again, Sam. You're right. It says obviously wrong. I'm not going to play it again. Well, who's mistake was that? Nothing. You want to stand especially on the day after Memorial Day? I don't know. Somebody in there really screwed up big time. I mean playing a promo. Yeah, it's bad enough that we keep showing our ass. Right. The world, every possible way that we can, especially, last couple of years. But to be running a promo for something that was already on like hours ago. I'm assuming that was this morning was our on this morning with the humpar? Yes. Well, there you go. So that's obviously right there. Nice going. Neil, thank you. I was on this morning. So what it should say is if you didn't listen to the hand cobra show, you missed our winderman. I'll be going to say that. I don't know when back. Because people say, oh, thank goodness for that. We don't want to hear him. What's our photo athlete was the biggest stiff? Don't care. I'm not a sports nerd. 150. That's not a 24.6% by the way. Sammy Smith 64. J. P. Ler 55. Oh, great Lucas 48. More testies to strata 48 as well. Ever seen him and Ray Lucas together? Same person. Harold minor 43. Cecil Collins 41. Laura Stolv 38. Eric Cumorow 19. Yeffel Green 14. Peter Warl 14. Chris Wells 13. Steve Enterman 13. With those fantastic pastries. John Bozatan, Junior Felix 9. To Marflitz your eight. Ronnie S. Rooney, Cycle 8. Bobby's Humphrey 6. Robbie Neetermire 3. S. A. T. K. N. 2. Alex Kessler's got a pair. And Mike Wilson's got the big. He's got the big. He describes him perfectly. He's a big hero. He couldn't play for a squad. He couldn't play for like a minor team in Can Lufs. 5.6705. 60. I'm sure we've got thousands of other stiffs to put on a pole. But I'm not taking a lot of calls here today for some straight reason. I don't know. Because they have a huge pile. You know. I'm thinking that most of these things that I'm reading here are worse than long and reading. And start present and pass and long. Yeah. I got to take a lot of calls now. You just haven't got the rhythm over yet. You know. Ever the song by the cascades, the rhythm of the ring. Yeah. Like a play to do it. Got it? I love that song. That's sort of my old time favorite songs. 1961 or 2011. That's nice. It's not like, you know, earthshaking. It's not heavy duty. Her duty. I mean, you're not really like kicking it. Any style? Old style. I'm not hearing it yet. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I've got our favorite Brian Cox. Oh yeah. He was a stiff. As a human being. That was a player. I don't think they had to stand a question or the terminology. Okay. Or maybe they should look in the mirror if you wanted to define stiff. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Tom 5 6 and leave a rise in singular wireless lines. Even Joshua had to admit that Brian Cox and even I would have to admit. Of course, I found him to be anxious. He's very good. Was outstanding. And he was a wild. I don't have it. No. W 2 A M. Hello. Hello. Is a constant? Yeah. He's on the now between 8 30 and 9. I would be on a minute. Okay. Stay tuned. He's going to be talking about. W 2 A M. Hello. Can you? Yes sir. Hey. Okay. Good. I don't know. I only caught after bowl. I just jumped in the truck. And one of the biggest stiffs to stop for it here is got to be her. They can't stop up. He was a stiff as a ball player. Get ready. What is wrong with you people? They're just made it all people. They don't like. Which is what they usually do when they are. Let me say. Let me read the question again. What sound for an athlete was the biggest stiff? We're not talking about a say human being. Bigger than I would have waited. And there's a waiter as a politician as a shoe shiner. We're talking about as an athlete. I mean, shouldn't the questions speak for yourself? Like that. You know, I always wondered exactly what Jennifer was talking about when she said, Floridian's dumb as dirt. I didn't really wonder. But now if there were any doubts in anyone's mind, I think we now we understand. We've answered the question. Father, paranoia. Jose Conseco. How about Danny? What's his name? I yellow. I yellow. And Danny Martino. Jesus, what are they going to get with him? How about, yeah. Put that in the same category as Jose Conseco. In addition, which, what sound for the team of the high school? What sound for the team did Jose Conseco ever play for? Well, if you count Tampa Bay. Like that sound for a? I do better learn your geography, mister, because South Florida is not Hillsborough County. Okay. It is not Tampa Bay. That's central West Florida. That's not even close to South Florida. Well, how did you red drive go with it? We never found the answer. Oh, what? I told George. I actually didn't take the shortcut because there's actually two exits for, what the hell is it? Amocally? Right. There's two of them. So I don't want to take the wrong one. Here I mean. So he played it. Say it. Play it. If you tell me which one was it? There's only one, there's only one route 29 or whatever the number is to that highway. But never less than regular. Well, we're going, listen, I'm going to tell you again. I don't care about statistics. Marty Stracker was a hell of a player. I'm the hockey maven in South Florida, Frank. And if you can continue saying all the stupid ass taxes you want, anybody that would call him a stiff as an idiot would know a hockey game if they saw a stuck four, four pucks in your echo. Okay. Got his stature. He did there. He did that. He was sensational. He was scintillating. A hell of a player. A scruff is something he's totally useless. Who can do this? Nothing. You don't understand. You don't get it. You just don't get it. Jose can saco my ass. And far be it for me. Of all the people in the world. I wanted to defend it anyway. He'd be one of the last ten. But nevertheless, he didn't play and stuff. But it's a move point anyway. Plus by the time he played for Tampa Bay, how old was he about 90 already? Yeah, 95. So what's the point? WQAM. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I have a couple of minds and I just am not sure which is a base to the law. But I think when the Marlons, the Marlons tried to build a team around her. Is that the stronic? Yeah, he's on there. Oh, he is. I'm sorry. Oh, the Marlons could rule a Castro. Maybe he's on there. Could he be on a Castro? No, one Castro. We're all Castro. You know, this is a ball player and a person. What about Bernadette Castro? I have a great day, pal. Yeah, so I ran the sofa. Remember, Bernadette Castro? Why are you so nervous? I don't think there's much of one anymore. I don't know. I know the one in business. Castro convertible. Right. And we like them a lot by the way. Oh, a lot. We love them. I got five of them. Right. I'm going to go on by one right now. I have a chip right up here. But I don't know. Bernadette Castro. Oh, I don't know what it is. She was on I'm a solid time. Remember before the election? Yeah. So right wing, uh, bush you'll love her. We're going to have to ask great couches. Great couches. But bad politics. 20. 20. 26 after noon, a QA in. Hey, for his dog and Dave wants to. Dog. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Who do you think is going to be going to be like. But he's going to be like that. I don't know. I'm solid. I am. And the dolphins, they're the worst football teams. They fluff the ball up and go the goal. Like those ones ever seen. At their end of the round that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say my amy, Miami, you're talking to him as old as there are the Miami dollful Miami dollful, Miami dollful, number of all these things are unique 30 true, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful Don't bet on them, you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to flock Their coaches are the tell them to spend day in their jacques And they would run much faster and even in defeat When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami, you can there the Miami dollful Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, summer, summer, summer, summer Miami dollful, the scene that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dollful, but the dollful's have no fans Just 50,000 animals sitting in the stands They watch the game and all they do is mowing right then bitch I wonder how Joe Robby got to be so bad And rich in there the Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful Miami dollful, summer, how many things are unique? Yeah, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, I hear the crowd begins to bloom We're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here The dollful's have to be alert, that quarter facet tube Run down the field and he will open up at over you I'll never win a super-volunte shooting piece of pride When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised And there the Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Louisiana and Louisiana Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Miami dollful, Jay Colzre's signatures Those in Hebrew, that dolphins have no deep sense and their offenses at joke. My George Bush-Keeping fretsles, you know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a play-off race, with fewer points than fuck marks on. Hisinga's ugly face and there the I am me dolphin. My am me dolphins, my am me dolphins number all want the help. 32, my am me dolphins, my am me dolphins, my am me dolphins now they're free. I'm dying on the hand. 34, 26, still one happy day after to you. 231, I still can't believe it's a June tomorrow. It all sounds very corny, people always say that. Oh man, the time it is is flying by and before you know it, they're ain't none left. Just like they showed today. Zooming on by. Oh yeah, it feels like six hours. Fortin' on for you, would maybe. It's already almost 1235 and then after that it'll be like 1236. Former Oklahoma line back for Jackie Ship as S.H.I.P.P. Got it? Got it. Jackie Ship. Maybe he ship hasn't come in yet. What's off for an athlete was the biggest step we asked today. Don't care, I'm out of sports nerd. 23.8% that I'm gonna keep going down and going down. Going down more than Kathy Willis. 156. Sammy Smith, 68, J.F. or 58. More test needs just strata 53. It's pretty good race, but Sammy Smith seems to have the ball right now. He'll drop it. Ray Lucas fitting. Harold minor 46. Lawrence Phillips 42. Whatever happened to that old tooth they used to call the ball. Lawrence Phillips all the time. Remember that? They're. The key at the love affair with him. Cecil Collins 42. Eric Cumorrow 23. Yenthal Green 16. Peter Royal 16. The reason I'm realistic in is because they keep calling with the same people we got on here. Chris Wells 14. Steve Entman 13. Junior, who you're feel is 11. Jamar Fletcher 10. Other Fletcher in on here yet. John Moses 10. Ronnie cycling nine. Bobby's home free six. Robbie Niedemire 5. S. A. T. K. N. 3. Ella Kessley 2. And I'm on Kaskero and Mike Wilson so far. They're tied with. The big old rock. Saw that one. Hey don't forget to big old rock. Saw it before the hump or five to seven every morning before Hank. Don't forget unless you can. 5.670560. 5.670560. Verizon and Singular Ravos lines. WQA and ho. Hey I'm about. Went from the. Off and they get me to Gary premium. Bob, why would you say that? Because he had one bad kick that you remember. I hit idiot Gary. A premium was a stiff. You're an. Immersive man. Oh god. Gary. A premium had a stellar career with the dolphins. He had the one bad play that this guy's remembering. We didn't. Thankfully for them. Wind across him in the game. But remember that. Yeah. He's all people remember of him though. Right. Honestly. He was a holder kicker. He was good. He was good. He was no. You're all in. He just wanted hear that. He knew that if he said that I play this. Yeah. We know my. You're very sorry. You're. You're. You're. You're. You're. You're. There. And so miraculous 어디-as-oun-or- you are undeniable. And sportsにはivolous 40.s. Oh, is that what that means? Yeah, even you would know that, even you, somebody is anti-specated sports as you are, which you're militant and hard ass about it. Yeah, even you understand that, right? A stiff man, you people don't know your stiffs. I'll tell you that, you better bone up on it. 560560 pound five, 60 leave horizon, singular rattle slime. If this is the worst group of suggestions, I've heard in a long time. WDQAM hello. Well, time's coming when you're having slides, just sooner ready. WDQAM hello. I do like the vote on the poll, but Joe Sorrow is named on on there. Oh, Josh hasn't gotten to the idea. He will right now see IRL, ELI. OK, he was probably one of them pre-samages again, from Howe's. Joe Sorrowa, which I would agree he was pretty weak, but put it in some bitter hockey suggestions, and it like Chris Wells, Christine Wells, and Mike Wilson. Mike Wilson is there's at least a voter who's going to put a defenseman on there. He made Joe Sorrowa look like Bobby Or, how do you like that? Bobby Or, who's that? Bobby Or, George knows Bobby Or, who? 560560. Hey, we're going to get hockey intends and if you don't watch it, OK, I'll just have a spike. Go for it. You'll see. You're going to put on some more money here, or at least TV. Huh? They gave six to wrap up. Your bonus is way better than it. They've got to go up, doubt it. Hey, look at this. You won't believe this game that's on here right now. On the NHL, no work. They'll be right. Trenton 4 Florida 2, you know what I'm saying? There's a silver there in four mires. Well, what do they call a place in four mires? The sun's going trapped. Not allowing the everybody to get through the hammer to the floor to everybody. Let's play over there. They're going to come back. As much as everything went so right for the other blades over the first 20 or first 40 minutes of this game, Trenton and Florida. How do you like that for Big Time hockey, huh? What's not to lie? There's the first phrase you called again, ready to go? Although Baltimore was infield, the range they wanted more. What happened next? Remains the most controversial play in Super Bowl 3. A clock moving at 25 seconds ago in the early morning. The Gets ahead, seven nothing. There's a hand off the matty. Mighty back to one on the tree for a kick. What the hell is that? Don't put it in the air zone. But they brought it back in the air zone. So that's what I said to my team, I said, I want to try and touch them. I'm going to touch them. I'm going to touch them. Jimmy, you are. Remember Jimmy, you are. See, I just mentioned Bobby, you see how this is my second powers again. It is, it's unbelievable. It is absolutely unreal if you can write down with. You don't think? Hmm? What? You're just a Mr. Antisports. Not a judge, but Jimmy Johnson. I would put him on there. He's sure to vote as soon as we got a shot. Yeah. Well, I'll talk to big game. They're not talking about his UMDs. Obviously, we're talking about his days with the dolphins. After he works feverishly to make sure that Schuiller got can, and then he talked to big game and came in here and showed us nothing. He showed us nothing, but his big fat. That's a mess, OK. And I was just laughing all the way to the bank. Yucking up on there with that. He literally threw a branch. I was in the he on it. That's the one he's on one fox. Yes. Oh, boy. What a perfect of that is. Jimmy and his Johnson. Papa, papa, papa, papa. He's a more than these pop fans. I take that back. 19 to one is fine. By the way, Denise, I want to say to get remember a hated U.N. still hates you like poison, which did you would die a wicked nasty death in some kind of a fiery car crash? Hey, let me tell you right now about our good friend Anthony Kelly, end of the main man at acceptance capital mortgage before you call any other mortgage company. Let the main man tell you what, maybe you weren't aware of. And that is that most banks only work with three. So I'm going to take trace different mortgage products. And if you're credit is less than 100% for it, you're going to get turned down. They're going to give you the old and old and old hevo. So if you're not working with the right lender chances of getting approved are maybe 50, 50, probably even less than that. What kind of a deal is that? Do you yourself a favor call right now and avoid all the grief and BS? Call 1 triple 8 for 8 for 8 for 8. loan. That's 1 8 8 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 11. Let the main man in the sink which would have more than two needs. Tell them that. Berkeley told you to call. Before going to the wrong lender maybe we can turn down because you call the wrong member. Call the main man and today, Kelly end of an acceptance capital mortgage and 1 triple 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 8 for 9 total debts. Can you call this destructive mortgage. I don't forget every time there closed often a forced ignore has donated be kidnapped and They also get to drink their coffee. So my car anybody, as devoting the bait and switch call the main man. Anthony Kelly end today 1 Triple 8 483 Li. This is your brain being chopped abit by finely-home meat fever. This is your brain and a flender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains, grilled food for real people. From his undercrunker, they found him trying to hide. And they made him spit down and photographed. All over the table, he didn't realize. He shouldn't be wearing some skin. It's a violation of the Geneva suspension. But I'm afraid my feet red. From a bearless man, trial, ladies and set. I've been both honest, yes. Now, if one of someone he would turn just now. Now, with no cause. And I've just got love and to be me. And to be with those. And to be with those. But every man who's so touched on every day. To throw it to death inside. To wait, to see the job. He finds me, he'll try to take it. And he should take it from first to another. To wait, he'll take it from her. And I'll make it with her tiny white. That's it. You haven't said they want to get in the real good shape. You've got to slice his balls off when you think I would think. Or maybe just hang him from a town square somewhere. Let's just hang on. Stick him up there with that statue. Was that they pulled on that photolafe for CNN? Well, 47 at five, 60, W2, I'm happy two day. But it's too day already. See how this week is moving right along its flying. And a Marlaccage said before with his convoluted craft, it's so unio. And it's, yeah, 20. Good news, man, on the beach. They didn't kill anybody this weekend. How do you like that? All right. That's not American if he has to make it. Is that one of the road? This year's hip hop driven Memorial Day festivities on Miami Beach were the most stayed. They've been since part of your stay claimed to the city for the four day Holly stayed. Crowds though younger were manageable. You could walk south beach with ease on like years past when ocean drive, Collins and Washington Avenue were clogged for hours. It was the old clogged. But behind the companies were busy making 444 arrest from Thursday to Monday morning more than double a total for the same period last year. Most were for Mr. Meenor such as disorderly conduct and drinking in public. But maybe were for our felonies. Police have committed the rise in arrest to one of cover units for Toronto and the streets of first since Miami Beach became a huge, morally weak in destination 2001. Before every police officer on the beach was in uniform and everyone knew it said police enforcement rubber horrendous. It made a big difference having the plane closed off as there's not there. Yet the weekend was though the first road of quiet. We had no fights and problems were a bit busier than last year's at Tony McGalvey. General manager of the news cafe and ocean drive. What are how Gianni Versace doing? Is he still showing up every day for his magazines? Yeah, we'll see. This was definitely the easiest memorial day we can do it. Tiffany Foodja, 23, sipping a pinia colada at the Cleveland around Monday, said the smaller crowds were a good thing. A lot of the route needed to rob me this was gone. She said, I could walk down Collins Avenue without getting grotes. What she didn't know the only reason for that is because Christian's later was in New York. So, everybody's made a capable of appearances. Rapper Fat Joe held court in his Miami Beach condo Saturday. Miami Base rapper Luther Uncle Luke Campbell released samples from his upcoming Albert Perichum, along Friday and launched a search for a spokeswoman for his book, Soup for the Fricky Sol these sex toys about Luke. But chart-tapping rappers who in the past were often spotted Romain Street for a missing an action unless he found Joe Buttons' lunch appearance at Big Pink. Big Pink. You're fairly. The dim-style water gin go unnoticed. This is supposed to be a celebrity weekend and nobody was here said Miami's to kneel Thomas 21 as she stood in line to get into wet Willys Monday if you know this is not this spot from a moral day anymore and it's really going down. You're going down. Can't imagine why. Athletes were on the present Willys McGayhee from the University of Miami. Now, with the NFL's Buffalo bills hung up at the turn tables with the DJ Eury at Crab Arthur's day on Saturday Marcello's Wiley of Jacksonville, Dr. Nguarzorded, bottles of bubbly at the ultra-spensive P-bay on Collins Avenue and Alan Everson of the NBA Philadelphia 706 looks flustered at a few hotspots. Aren't you impressed? No. Who gives a crash? Okay. But at least nobody got killed. Hallelujah. Let's hear it. What's it going to American holiday like his first money belonging like the fourth and July weekend? At least a few people getting shot and some hijinks and mayhem and stuff? No fun. More of the ascending now, the trend toward the Dulling of America. 560560, we're looking for stiff athletes. 560560. I'm not touching that line with a 10-foot pole choice. Okay. And 560560560, whatever, and 560560, I should say it in a verse. But whatever those numbers are, you know, by now, why don't we keep saying them? Over and over. Come in to QAM. Hello. Oh, Eric, come in. Come in to QAM. Hello. QAM. I think I think you're out of stiffs. That's true. WQAM. Hello. I do a kneel. Okay. For the folks of my matchfers. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Coolest, coolest and coolest. See, they don't know their sports. That's the problem. You know, it's amazing here these pumps call up on the sport shows. Wow. You think that's tracked here? See, everyone knows you're a German or a shag. Who even George has seen shag on TV. He made a couple movies. That's right. Really bad one, even they were us. Terrible. Seriously, I have been saying this for years. As long as I've been in this town, there are, you can put the number of real knowledgeable sports people in a thinball and have room for hands and ass left over with. It's amazing to me. The lack of knowledge. That's why I quit going against people who are sitting there. They don't go because they enjoy it. You need even understand again most of them. They just want to get drunk. Trying to get into brawl. Trying to like be seen there. You know, like those idiots of the hockey games talking each other on a cell phone. Wave me, hey, Miriam, I'm over here. I, I, I, I, I, I. W2A and who not there on one. QAM hello. W2A and hello. Yes. I know. I know. This. Uh, well, then. Yeah. I'll write her. Yeah, he's bubbling under, okay? Give him a chance to finish this season. But we can put him on there. Actually, paid him $8 million. First of all, he's 100 years old. He's, what? No, go ahead. He's, he's a stiff. You're right. Put him on there. I see Josh wants to put him on there. You better hope that outlighter don't come into press box when you're a help not a random games and give you what for. And as a broadcaster, you know who he sounded like? Who? Who's the ex-dolphin? I keep asking that this is Tony Martin. Didn't Tony Martin do some of the pre game pre-yeses and stuff with the dolphins. I'm sure he did. With who? I don't know. He's just terrible. He's horrible. And that's who our lighter sounds like when our lighter was in the booth. Wasn't our lighter in a broadcast booth there? Yes. And he had contract when he's done. He goes to the booth. Right. Who's getting canned? Oh, no. Not Foxy, Roxy. Or maybe on the TV side. Right. TV. Oh, I think. Well, there's sure is how not going to work. What's his name? The E.R. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. He's coming. Zander sir. I just got through reading. That's why I read it. And yes. Block Berlin. Block Berlin. I like Berlin. Perlins one of my favorite cities. Brock Berlin. Was he a hurricane? You know, we could have put people in college? He never played for a professional team. He's not the doofins now. He is. Yeah. Brock Berlin? Yeah. It's time to mess up free agent. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? It doesn't mean he's going to make it. Oh, brother. Well, I think it's done really promising for those of us who despise the dolphins in that whole organization like Poison. It's looking really, really good. I mean if AJ touchy, freely is the best hope for next season. Good luck to you. I think foreign trouble can look really good at the end of the next year. Thank God those other guys got it. But I'd like you guys saw on those spots. Dollar how are on the dolphin games. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Here's one for your poll. Any black quarterback? 560560 pound 560 leave horizon and singular rider's line. WQAM. Hello. Yes. On the zx and zx. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He's got 100 votes. How do you like that? WQAM. You're very. See they have nothing. I'm not taking any more calls. You can always tell when you were saying, No, I'm not saying. Seriously. You know what I'm saying? They got something to add and then that's it. They run dry. Because the real stiffer renew is the real guys that could that's stuck to join out. They even know who they are. They don't know their names. They know from nothing about it. How did they possibly be? 4. Well, it's 1.8 playing these days. But nevertheless, four professional sports franchises in this market. Hey, is it possible? No. Can it. No. Is it for real now? It's like Conway 20 said. Man, it's only makefully. It's a joke. But it doesn't be the motto of some sort of sports in us. See, tomorrow's going to go back and tag the bag before it can like, hey, Khalid, when a guy throws the page. Seriously, when I started going, we first had the marlins of first couple of years. You thought they were playing like Bachi ball or something out there. These people didn't head a clue. I understand though. It is a very complicated game. When it comes to it, it's real. If you're watching, it's real. If you're watching, it's real. If you're watching, it's real. If you're watching, it's real. If you're watching, it's real. Just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. That's a boon. I'm not a human. It's wonderful. I could find six of you. Who is the better after you? Do you know a Somalia or Romani? Fire. This is a good idea for you. People are thinking about what you're talking about. I want to go to town. To me, but Illinois, a 46 year old man, allegedly, said his own home on fire in order to give two visitors to Lee. Police said, yeah, right. Can't get you out of here. Well, guess what? Fire. Dean Craig was charged with felony. Our staff were allegedly splashing rubbing alcohol on the floor of the two-story home in a row of township and using a light of the night to fire around the water clock Sunday morning the King County Sheriff's Office said, when a 30 is around at Craig's home, which is owned by his mother, it was in Gulf's flames police said, Craig and his two guests were not injured. Craig allegedly had asked the two visitors to Lee, but when they refused, he threatened to light his house on fire police said, and guess what? He did? Right. Craig was being held yesterday at the King County jail on 25 grand bun. Scheduled a period court on Junion. But idea. Well, get out of here. I'll get you outside here fast. Here's a very promising story. A total of 215 Latino soldiers serving in Lee West Army have already died in Iraq, but according to anti-war activists, the bad news comes with a silver lining and even smaller number of young people of Latin American decent are listing in the armed forces. Good. Evidently, they're smarter than some. I'm glad that the Army is no longer able to be as many soldiers, and that more people are raising their forces against this criminal invasion said, Camille, al-Mahia, a Nick or Adwin former staff sergeant in the US Army, but refused to return to his unit in Iraq after spending five months stationed there in 2003. While Mahia declared himself a conscientious objector, the US deemed him a deserter and sentenced him to nine months in prison. Last year, 9474 inborn residents of the US signed up for the US Armed Forces, 2300 plus fewer than in 2003, according to the officials that's from the George W. Bush people, the Bush crowd. There are so many people dying in this senseless criminal war that going to jail the will pose that are refusing to join the Army. I'm not very very sacrificed when you compare them to all the innocent people in the war. Me, he had told I Fias, that's why I said, runmen me, he is. He's kind of me as. What about the Elvore face in Freddie Green? I didn't want to die in a war that isn't mine, a war that's unjust and immoral. That's why I turned myself into my superior as you clear the soldier to an activist. The son of Nick or Adwin, singer, sonwetter, Carlos Mejia, Goodoy. What do you mean? The servant is the son of Richard to be 79 left this happening. The proportion of Latino soldiers who died in Iraq most of whom were private, is hard to make proportion of Latinos in the US Armed Forces a whole which stands at 9.2%. I like that, so they're rising up. They're saying enough of this crap already. Now, whenever anybody else suggests, is, ah, no way. No way, Jose. Then we'll finally have made some progress. For the Reverend Louis Huster, the struggle over prayer and public schools is between his coconut side, is it's about values and it's very simple. This is in Robert, Louisiana. The ACI-LU defense pedophiles is the pastor of Crossgate Church. You have to understand what they're coming from. Huster sees education like most everything else in terms of absolute. Absolutely. Either his side or the other prevails. Right now he's looking good. Officials in Tangapaho, upherish, the latest battleground of the National War of Religion in the school are listening to him. They're listening to other ministers too. Many of them in this pastoral, ah, extroib of New Orleans. What is that in extroib as opposed to some, I don't know. I'm not sure it means the same thing. Where churches are as abundant as tall pine trees. The preachers want the ACI-LU to go home and let the school board kick off the celebrations. They want to kick it new style with a lengthy prayer meeting mentioning Jesus. It did this for decades until the ACI-LU and parents objected in 2003. Several of the many of these groups act in February about federal judge New Orleans says the practice violates the Constitution's ban against government sanctioning of unreligious doctrine over another. But the board is not giving up in Robert Louisiana. It's press-in-the-case to the 50-western court of appeals. It's a fight-like many others and other places over the last two decades. What place should religion prayer have in high school functions? Or school functions? If here in a contemporary twist, evangelical ministers are making their weight-filled in line with their newfound influence on broader stages elsewhere. The board first turned away help from a heavyweight Christian legal group when some 500 church members showed up, shepherded by dozens of ministers, and with husser helping lead the way, the board changed its mind. The alliance defense funds aid would be sought. There are no prayers in the school board, Ruma, the appeal is pending. The minister of taketurns, praying outside, as Reverend Brian Strickland had last weekly about his head to celebrate the defense funds advert, we thank you, Lord, for just allowing them to come on board. Inside Reverend Husser's daughter, Daniel, was invited by the school board to give the patriotic song, which followed the patriotic reading, which followed the pledge of allegiance, which is pretty patriotic. They're reading patriotic and one other thing in Louisiana. What it is? What's that? Dumb. Dumb. Now we're talking, yeah. We're going to get what for? I'm going to write now. It's the Americanist's seat. We're taking it in your ass, Newstown. Jesus Christ. Okay. All right. Speaking of the American, if and way, I'm ashamed that he was to attend his high school graduation ceremony, Scott Moody, 18, shot five friends and relatives to death, and we'll do another before killing himself, a high police, I'd say, you see the thing on the news, the 9-11 call? Yeah. That's right. We're listening to it this morning. Yes, we were. Logan County Sheriff Michael Henry, who I'm sure is not related to Trevor Henry, said Moody shot people Sunday in two nearby homes outside Delfan, Tain, and in a current murder suicide. Moody's sister, Stacy Moody 15, I'm sure she's not related to John Moody, was wounded in the neck and was hospitalized Monday in critical condition. Scott Moody's body was found in the house Sunday along with the bodies of his mother, Terry Shafer 37, and two of his friends, Megan Krauss, a Karus 19, and paid her house barter 14. Stacy Moody was found in the kitchen of the home after managing the college step sister, who alerted authorities, Henry said. The bodies of Scott Moody's grand parents, she'll show you for 66, and Gary's show for 67, were found dead as a heart attack in the kitchen of another house about a quarter mile away he said. Henry said investigators don't know the reasons behind the shootings. That's the main number one question he said that everybody's trying to figure out. Why? Hey, like that. Crazy people with guns man, you get pissed off to somebody, you depressed? Somebody clicked on you in school, go everybody away. I don't like that, I agree. Story? Well, that's a story. Ever than I did, I'd been a party at one of the houses where most of the victims were found, Scott Moody, and Megan Krauss were who to graduate Sunday from herbicides school, high school nearby Delfan, Ohio. And did you see that ad that the family took out in the newspaper just before this all happened? Nope. About, you know, have a great life and best of luck in life, Scott and Yati out of it. And I guess, yeah, I think that'll happen. Yeah, I think that'll happen. I think that'll happen. It goes to show you. It'll take me a little, no ads. That's right. Don't be taking out ads. Don't, you know, it's called putting the carp on the horse when you think. Right. It was a pre-graduation ad in the newspaper. Maybe that's what set them off. Oh man, that's a bad picture of me in a paper. Guess what's named the top British song ever? Oh, yeah, well, you'll never guess. Are you a sound of story? Yeah, the room tub. No, no, no, that was on the charts. Oh, you better get your British music, uh, story straight, mistressed, British song ever? Right. Ooh, I don't know, penny lane by the Beatles, don't know. Fire oasis. Pitting running by oasis? Wonderwall. Oh, really? In 1985, hit by a grip top group oasis. Top to radio stations, both of the best British songs of all time yesterday. I mean, nothing anybody would care about this, but it sure beats. What about more recipes to straw out there? Listed as to Britain's version radio, voted the anthem by brother's Liam and Noel Gallagher's band. They're all time favorite British at that's favorite with a U of course. Stay right. Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody came in number two and led Zephyr and steroid heaven-priced face turd. Queen and the Beatles had the most entries of each and the whole of the best of the songs as voted by any student of the listage to the radio station. You want to know what they all were? Okay, sure. The way to the sub-underwall, Queen Bohemian Rhapsody, number three led Zephyr and steroid number four, the Beatles and slated three. Number five, John Lenn and. John Lenn and. Yeah, and imagine. Six police, every brest you take. But who is it that does like that song? Anybody does like that? Somebody does like that. That's not like question. Whether you got tired of it or not. Okay. That to me is one of the great pieces of music, everyone who's being mankind. It is haunting. It's just great. You know, like it though, like a tired of it though. Number seven is Jan going underground. Number eight, verb, bittersweet symphony. Number nine, the anxious Robbie Williams angels. Hey, Robbie. You're fairie and ten, the stranglers, golden brown. I like my handshrie's golden brown. So does Josh. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. That's the top ten bridsons of all time. And anybody care? Yeah. We care about Diana. We care about that freaking old queen when it's early per night. No, of course we don't. But hey, Prince Andrew. You're fairie. Prince Edward. You're fairie. Lot of queens over there, and England, I'll say that. Got a long history of it. Five, six, seven, I'm not going to give them a result. I'm not taking any. Not this hour. All right. I'm still thinking very, very, very soon. And today, wow. But today, really, now you know what I'm saying? I'm saying a lot of good calls yesterday. Oh yeah, we had three. In total. You know, come on. You have three calls yesterday all day? Well, they kept bringing the phone while we were playing music. And I kept telling you, you know, calling between the songs. But you know, they wouldn't. WKOM. Hello. Gallup football. Oh, two men. I don't mind anymore for the pull. I don't mind no more for the pull. Pulls closed. Pulls closed. More testies is stratus on it. I mean, the stuff that these people in and a couple of more actually serious. The one with Gary of Promen. You would know Gary of Promen if you let your rub his ball spot. That's, that's, that's what really pisses me off. Dumb, dumb and dumber. So what we've been in Florida all our lives. That explains a lot to me, man. Anybody who's been in the deep South all their lives is basically. But we're like that. Find us. Probably spent a lot of time in the Kuhull of Wasi River. Maybe up in the woods there. What invoice, you know? Eh? Ha ha ha. Oh. Pomenice after one at five, 60 WKM. RIP. Oh, the crap. You can unwrap all the slime all the time. If it's all the time, if it's all the time, it's all the time. If it's all the time, it's all the time. In some moments, I've been feeling so excited. You'll be crazy. And the way you're going. Baby, don't go in. You'll be even going to the end. You're going to die. Oh, no. It's all the time, it's all the time. And that's all the time. I think you're really, really, really. You're just going to die. And it's not an exciting question. Maybe it's all the time. Let's try it once or twice. Or take it to the beginning. You'll be in the door to the door the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. Make some famous things with those things. We're going to use my own good pie. We're going to put my toys on. Yeah, I've got a lot of toys. I don't know where to go. I'm going to buy a little one. Hey, it's not all there. We can't get a lot of stuff in here. Got a toy store in the middle. And then the door to the other side. It's all the time. It's not all things. It's not a key to me. I'm sorry, now. All right, all right. All right, all right, all right, all right. Do I remember 94 votes on the pool? What's off the floor at ATHLETE? And then bad news about the villa, Dummy? Yeah, well, well, how they... And why? What's the other plate? Oh, the Epicure. That's what I'm thinking of also right there in Alton Road is the Epicure Market. Now that's still there. I'll bet you your life, I bet the Epicure is still there. Do you ever go in the Epicure? Nope. But we're even going to get good borscht and good gassiltefish. And all these things, all those pre-wrap meal stuff, cabbage? Hmm, man. The Epicure. WDQA, an Epicure line, hello. See, I don't know. QA, I'm hello. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I already got the answer, but the villa closed about the clear. What about the Epicure Market? Epicure Store. Okay, thanks. See, there you go. Alton Road, I want to say five years, see six. I was close. I just wish I was thinking. I probably part of my mind knew the answer to the question, but to be honest, that was such a great place to build a deli. And I would be pleased to send us the best kishki, man. Even George, even little gore like George, yeah, became obsessed with the kishki, but the gravy, great. Oh, god. I don't understand. Why is that supposed to be nice of good for you? I realize it's probably got like a lot of chicken favor. Flavored with beef fat. Is that what it is? Yeah. Beef fat or chicken fat? Beef. Mmm, I mean, that's why it's so good. I'm sure. But that's before we realized that dietary fat wasn't what made you fat, wasn't bad for you. And what I really would do, before I die, you know, I'm going to have again once. What? Now you're going to say six. Seriously, before I croak, I want to gribbonus. Okay. Now we never got you, though, he's did me. No, we never did have any gribbonus. Gribbonus are like fried onions, and they fry them in like chicken fat. Oh. It's just like making a musket fried chicken skin. Chicken skin? That's what you told me before. No, I never told you anything about chicken skin. You guys see, this, that's that Cuban thing. And you got skin on your mind. Right. Yeah. Anyway, here's the poor result. And it's just that they're onions gribbonus. I do believe in us. My memory is the plain tricks of me. That onions, and they're fried in like chicken fat. Now where would you go and get some gribbonus? Me? That's going to be the next thing. We got the sandwiches, and we got all the, all those good burgers up there to the stadium. Now we're really going to have a challenge. Whoever brings gribbonus to the stadium press box for a Josh. We'll get our lifelong gratitude. You waiting for gribbonus? Yeah, well, I hope Troy's listening. See, back in the day when Jeff Cohen liked this, we could mention these things on the year, and he would take care of us. But that's what he liked us before. Skip the in Berkeley, Pistima. What sound thought I athlete was the biggest stiff? Don't care, I'm not a sports nerd. 23.8% of you just add a much just a much higher answer like George, 189, no killer crap. Although to be honest with you, they know just about as much about these sports as the most of the rest of you. Sammy Smith 82, Jufe Lair J. Feeber's 70, more testies just draw to 60, Ray Lucas 56. How many minutes did he actually play for the golf? About 30 minutes. There's one there like part of one season, am I correct? Yes. And he's sunk. He's sunk with a jet and he's sunk with dolphins. What a surprise. See, so Collins 52, Harold Miner's got 50. Laura's fellow 49 is right on Harold's butt. Eric Cumorrow, 27. Jimmy's Johnson, 20. He's tied with the rental green, 20. Chris Wells, 19. Peter Morrell, 18. Steve Antiman, and his is a baked goods 15. Tomorrow, Fletcher 12. John, I'd like to leave Sletcher. What's the movie the least Fletcher was in this he was so good? Kukuzdas? Yeah, right. Mr. Ancheon. Tomorrow, Fletcher 12. John, Vosit 12, when your fear is 12, Ronnie's cycling 9. Ronnie, we cycling, he's got a couple too. Bobby Humphrey's got seven. Robbie Needemire, old number 44. It's Robbie Needemire is got five. Allochessler, four Jackie Ship, three. S. A. Ticken and three. And none yet for Al-Liter, Joseph Rela, Ramon Castor, or Mike Wilson. What a couple. What a couple. What a couple. What a couple. What a couple. What a couple. What a couple. Watch this movie. Just a bit. Spore for you advice to see from the movie. QA-M. It's there. What's all in your mind, E-Town? So, to move at five six-old WQA. How? How? Anyway, we can't say. In addition to the lockdown, that twice a go away. But we can still say it. So, I suppose that won't look good since that one's you guess. So, for that, anyway, we can't say. Like, a f***ing hat. But last two of them should say. We have to release push-riss gets and play it, say. We can't do that. We can't do that. And call it turnies program ready, or shows, especially at Guapa, or at Guapa. Or at Guapa. Or at Guapa. Or at Guapa. She plays with a sniper doubtful eyes. We're lucky we could still say. Don't avoid going to the line. I don't know, I said no, no, no, no, no. Put your door to the door. Or at Guapa. A TV where you can't pray. You're outside a half a seat here, right by the bell. You put your door to the door. One fifty eight or five six is a do a man himself. The moment myster. Mohamed David is coming along. A two-in-ends mad dog before. And we got that maroon stuff. Don't forget all you people out there with your Deleg connections. Get some gribbinis and maybe a little bit of kishki. I'll ask you this question. You have a microwave in the press box. Would that be like it in theory? It would. It could carry this one in. Yeah. Here I went in there. Just you can do some stuff. He did up. What kind of a press box wouldn't have like a microwave? Maybe I can do this with you. I don't know about it, but it might. They're probably one up there. I'm sure they're. You probably have all the necessary accoutrements. Rochester, New York, my hometown. You can con as a 16 year old poor bear with massive pausing some mighty stinky breath. You can just enter as then you can spell it. So Dr. Jeff White, director of animal health and conservation. Seneca Park Zoo. It's a really kind of funky. But after a procedure, a Seneca Park Zoo last week. Federerins are hoping the odor of mening from eukons big mouth will soon be a breath of fresh air just like they show. After zoo staff determine eukons smelly problems caused by an infected tooth. Lied and seemed veterinarians extracted to be stupeless small, hammer and a chisel. It was tranquilized and 800 and 5 pounds. Maybe we can do that with fat boy, okay? And pull out whatever is ill in him. Bye bye.