The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Waha! When Bill Riley, Dylin, Shory is in square and pan. Until you if you like your job, Then you give him a laugh dance. And if you tell the old Riley, You're not looking to be just. His new, the panstride of your bird And call you an extension. Her chaloon, all the backers fare in balance. But not when he calls and dies. Peace is looking for a lassi Who likes to live with her, Who's a Riley? The Fraccomt! Go and Bill, all right, On each Shory, The Nose, And the Dorns, So when Bill Riley's dilinth, You best not pick up your phone. I wonder if these are the same kind of ceremonies The head of the Hitler came back and all, Orifice you think? Well, they had better marches, I think. Oh, is that what it was? They had better. I'm convinced the head of the men's frozen head thing. I just came up with an idea. I think I might be absolutely correct. And that is that hair mongering. You remember the enormous road trouse? Yeah, that was great. That was great. I don't think they ever killed him. I think they froze his body and he came back and he's down at Rumswell. Because every time I see him, I think that's hair mongering, Junior, Magnumistic Abana. Well, they made all those movies. They keep making it. They made it back in 83D, Roll the arrows and your hands would saw them And meet and greet and eat and stuff like that. Anyway, it's an operation day. Just in case you were paying any attention. It's enough to make me want to get. I'm saying, you're way to meet you are sucking up. There ought to be a log in this. I bet you're Joyce if you found out the meeting was sucking like this. She'd probably like, um, Take it right to the FCC immediately. When you think of a special panel of investigators. My god, what a suck up. All 247. Just licky, licky, licky. It's nauseating. And the president went to church for the first lady this morning. And he had a wonderful bowel movement. And then we had a, oh, geez. Get out of here. I noticed we're running condomspots there at the ass and the hang show. Do you hear that? No, no, I don't hear the spot. No, we had a Trojan spot. Look at the log there. Did you hear Josh? I didn't. You didn't? No. We don't have their log. I'm not talking about what you had there a log. I'm just saying in other words, you weren't paying any attention. Those are commercial evidence. Can we go over? Great filters working. Go ahead. Trojan spot for condoms. I wonder what Joyce would think about that. What do you think about that, honey? We can't say the word, you know, what goes into the condom. But wow, just wink wink. No, just don't stuff like that, right? We can judge what a bunch of hypocrites. Anyway, I'm just getting really bitter about this. I'll be glad when this day is over. The coronation of, uh, El Presidente of, uh, the Emperor Bush. High Bush. Everybody go step now. Line up. High Bush. High Bush. Come on. You can do it. I like a bullet. This time, I think you were going to save it and market in the part of the passing of our democracy. Yeah. It's not, you know, passing away of our democracy. You've got it sweetheart. Who's that then? But looking David from the gut under again. What a, it's just unbelievable. You can just kiss the media goodbye, maybe it's a, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, It would then rather signs off the last time and more. It'll be the end. I don't think we're going to have Katie Kurick. I think we'll probably have like, um, one of, one of those losers from Foxleby. I'm maybe Sean Hannity of Eden that that Lee moves on CBS. What do you think? Yeah. And then I'll have Alan Colm sitting in a background like with his mouth taped and like, tied up, you know, in the back of the studio. And occasionally we'll like pan over to him to come, Ooh, I feel like try to say something and that'll be it. Anyway, I don't go up. Be, be, be in the middle now. He's still a fur and square again. That's right. Okay. Yesterday we asked who are, what is the most disappointing flash in the pan? But tomorrow's going to be a big day at one o'clock. You know what? I can't wait. So it's ratings the fall rating book is that a one. We got a win win situation because if the ratings are great, we can say, hey, look at this. We're great. So we can say, oh, don't worry about that because nobody's on the same type. He would accept a mad dog and he don't want to be on there anyway at this point. I was asking him off Lizzy this morning about that mad dog situation. And he said, but we're a little bit like that. I shouldn't have too much to say this morning, muff. Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan of all time we access today? 14.5. John Kerry, 190 votes. Very weak campaign, John. He was against the war, but he was for it. And then he was for the resolution, but then he was against it. And he was, you know, now that we're there, what do we do now? Very weak, John. Very, very weak. In relation to two to one by a landslide, with the economy teetering and totering with this unbelievable record deficit. Spending money like it's coming out of a faucet tax cuts for the rich that they just can't get enough of. Now almost 1,400 dead kids over there in Iraq for no reason at all. Based on lies, based on absolute total lies. Instead of a lie, we should have had impeachment going on. Right? And the Democrats once again showed just how inept and impotent they really are. Don't worry about getting any of them, Trojan Khanems for the Democrats because they're never going to get it up anyway. John Kerry, 190. Howard Dean, 178. Now I see how to, he'll be back. Just like, ah, he'll be back. You think? Yeah. He's to get enough side to eat it. No, I'm convinced he will be back. He's got fire. He's got, uh, hose. How to say media, that's corny and bush the tooth today. Got hoisted by the same media. Oh look at this, he's a crazy person. Just like that one, Colour, we have you. Yes, they who just doesn't get it. They took it out of context. It was a directional mic, which most of you know nothing about. But he ever been in a music or in a radio business or anything connected with microphones. It was a directional mic. So it only picked up what was immediately in front of it. Not the crowd noise that he was trying to shout over. That's why he was screaming like a story. And so they took it out of context. And that a week later, they all apologized. Oh, really? He was trying to shout over the crowd. And then they played the audio and he heard the crowd is just screaming. Yeah, and it's a totally different sound. Not like that. He's like, are we really? Yeah. So, what's the point? You know what's the use? That's the media for you. They totally sold out. You too Bob, Franken, you loser. You idiot, you supplicant. You silly person you. Being given by the idiot. Yeah, get out of here. Give this. Anyway, Howard Dean was second 170. The most disappointing flash in a pan. Howard Stern on QAM. How many messed up that last? It's not a good man. 19 votes for that. That was well thought out. The WMVs in Iraq and Scott for Worldtive 75 of peace. Talk about a loose cannon. I think there's a connection there, don't you see it? I see it. Oh, they're totally released. Scott for World. We know it's tangible and exist as opposed to the Iraq WMVs. Think about that. The XFL had 50. Phil Henry 44. Are you sure? Had a pretty good show in there? Brian Bosworth and Ross P. R. R. Tyre 41. Same person, different years. Harold minor 34. Vanilla I. 33. Cecil Collins 32. We just want to get a peek. He's going up there to take a look. Look around. Somebody comes in your window tonight. And they're like, just chill out. Okay, they're just looking around. This is going to take a peek. Jimmy Johnson, we got a shot, Jimmy. We're going to do it. But he really, he stuck it at the brainstem, didn't he? Yes. Jimmy, nobody will ever forgive you. Nobody will ever forgive that unconscionable sabotage. Underbinding the brainstem, talking about how much talent was on a team. How they should have been like in a super bowl in Yadi, Adi Adi. And how you were doing is undermining the brainstem. Which wasn't a bad idea. But then you go in there and like think to join out and fall flat on your push. Jimmy Johnson, New Coke, Segway, or the Segway. Everybody in the hoods got one. And you guys play. Each of them has 29. Ashley Simpson 26, time with the Catholic Church molestation cases. Mark the bird figure out, the rich and Quentin Tarotino. They'll have 26. Four to Panthers in Alien Gonzalez 24. I see some similarity there too. You want to know why? Why? Because I think very soon, they'll both be a part of our past and sound. We'll get over here. Why did you say that? I was on a guilty. I was on a guilty. I was on a guilty. That's his bread and butter. Maybe that's his career. I was thinking about alienation. He could be one of the great broadcasters in history. The guilty, my friend. He could be one of those classic memorable people we've been talking about last couple of days. But no, because the Panthers aren't playing. I got a little story on that later on. But I got a pile of stuff here, man. All the way to the ceiling. Although we will take some important calls like this one. WCQAM, hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good, pal. I got a question. Actually, something to say. I was watching. As much as I want a light carry and I voted for him and he donated money that I probably didn't hack out that in just a change. I wanted to talk. Would you like to hear that money back now? I don't think he got your money's worth, man. I know I did. We can't pay him. I'm watching him on TV yesterday and he's earned his rights confirmation hearing. He says, you know, I haven't decided whether you're going to get my vote yet. And I will follow up my chair. How in the hell is that you're not in that line? It sounds like a waffle to me. I don't have absolutely. And you know as much as I like, Bob Graham, I bought his book and intelligence matters. And I'm looking for this thing and he keeps popping it so much, so highly of Porter God. You have got to be kidding me. Oh my god, you had to be kidding me. I could not believe it. This is a guy who said that just months before he was named director of the CIA. He said that he wasn't qualified to even serve on the CIA or to be involved in it. And then they may come to the CIA director. Absolutely. Correct. And I want to give you a heads up. I don't know if you had a chance to watch this at the state last night, but they've got a great one coming up next week on the United States divided. Okay. So it heads up. You might want to take a look at it so you can get some of those cuts by your sight. Nice a lot of power. Now don't jump when you get to Niagara Falls. Just keep on coming. Absolutely. See you. Right. Yeah, when you're all come up to Canada and you get to Niagara Falls, if that's the way you're coming. Just don't jump. I thought about that guy, the doctor who was lost his Indians gambling in Niagara Falls, to see him. Right. He decided to convince to assign to a judge in the falls and then he got like one leg in there. And he changed his mind. So I didn't tell you about this. It was a great picture. So he jambed his foot up against the rock while he waited for help to come and bail him out. And he said, here's this doctor like standing there in the middle of Niagara Falls, jamming it, you know. Anyway, Kurt Warner had 23 most disappointing flash in a pan. I don't think that was disappointing at all. I think a board again for a vision like him. It was delightful to see that he turned out to be a big elf floppel after that one season. You know, maybe the Lord kind of turned his back on him. Maybe the Lord gives you one super bowl. Unless you just, you know, a great athlete like Tom Brady and they give you three. But if you just want to go as pious and no talent losers like Kurt Warner, Cathy Willows 22 haven't seen her speckled face lately. Ashley Banfield, her be spectacle post we haven't seen the long time twenty. And after we miss her, she was another lightweight. Oh, this candy college, she ain't no lightweight. Big celebration. Yeah. Who'd be in a blow face 17? Billy Vanilles 16. Ricky Martin, she had 14. What a screamer. Brian Greasey, busted on this George Lucas 13. That's a good poll question. Can I spend my time with Ricky Martin or Jeff Garcia? Aaron Summers had 12 Denise Rodman head 11. Captain Kendall had 10. See there you are Captain Kendall had 10. You were like making sport of that. Who? Captain Kendall. That's remember the guy that called in about the yesterday and we said, What? Well, 10 people who in what? Who? I don't have any idea. Captain Freakin Kendall. The silver dollar had seven, which I don't know why was on her. Bernie Kerrick, Keto Kailin, twin peek six. So we got that OJ story about his daughter. A Kairwin K and John Rocker reach head four. Tiny Tim, a tracks to best be boys. Jerry Reffordy had three apiece. I guess the best be boys don't have any a tracks. Brad Johnson, John Bobbitt and Drew Michaels two apiece. No. Yes. And what apiece for David Justice, the WHA, Base City Rollers and I need to be an instinct and have any. Why is that? Why is that? Maybe they were just looking at that picture with just in ticker bill. Ian can at the thing. That's the rest thing. You have to specify to reduce my get up. 10 13 and 5 16 WKM is going to be a fine Thursday. We're just killing time for those ratings come out. So we're going to talk tomorrow. Let's not lie. Okay. We're just Biden our time or Joe Biden. Here's another one for you. Like I said the other day. You know, he's grilling condolese and he's got all these reservations. And he keeps saying, I'm going to vote for you because the president's got to write to pick whatever but to losers and not see as you want. But I'm going to, yeah, what is that? What is that? Part again of that spinalist democratic party that we know in the fear so badly. That's what Roosevelt said. The only thing we have to fear is my own party. Remember that? Right. Even Leslie Gorset is my party and I'm embarrassed for it. Getought. Yeah, all right. You're like a fool but like a love. Like a lime on the Fit back of an eye like a lime. You're so Hurry Check Show by the honor and fear. Tell 500 real front there where we like long. Mm. Whoa, cool man. Well, good night sweep analyses. Just now for explore close shows Talk about cats like the inside Folia we might be blown And I'd go to the mountains We were sitting around But you're way down We stand there now Much in and out Call me crazy, look at the boothing I'm in a calm and crazy But it was to me like her melody Disseezer That's the same picture we had either What? I was just talking to Eric about it this morning I thought it was a done deal We're doing the brothers right? Are you sure you were talking to Eric? Maybe we were talking to him Because a lot of people think they got to Done deal when he talked to him And then uh oh Uh oh Yeah, I can relate to that Oh, it's a done deal Not Well, don't get me started Oh brother, you said the wrong word done deal That's a bad expression at QAM Sorry, just like we talked to Mad Dog had a done deal I thought I had a done deal back and all And I thought I had a done deal back In about December 22 You had a done deal Yeah done deal Why did I resound with these bastards? I must be a crazy person I don't I'm starting to think even though he didn't like me too much I have a lot in calm that would jump Henry I must be crazy I must be not Yeah, I'm starting to think that's me What in the world did I do this for? But anyway The money keeps showing up So what are we going to do with that And these people as much as they look from I'll just get to the right Fantastic, patriotic They want to see some new shots Man, you want to see some new angles They want to see some new things They want to see you know I'll just have the winners of the poll that we took Are we? Next week Oh, that's next week Well, let's change that picture What are you talking about? I thought we were doing it this week Oh, next Oh, it doesn't do picture Eric says So see there Get out of here I recognize that thing anywhere Let me check Yeah, that's not a new picture Unless it's just I don't know I'm just like I've seen it Well, you've seen her so much Yeah, I said next week Monday through Friday We'll put the top five Which I saved I think this is a different picture Isn't it? It's from the day Did you save that poll the top five? Eric saved it Yeah, he switched it for I could print it But he's got it Okay And when we got to new poll If they're already uploaded for sugar It's not even a contest I'm thinking it's 10, 20 in a morning I'm already thinking about ice cream Stop No, I've been saying I'm eating it I'm thinking about it I'm thinking about what kind of ice cream I'm going to buy it to minion after the show today Well, you're dying for thinking about it Well, I just like yesterday when we started Remembrance and I'm not doing that poll today We'll do that again To turn back the clock and arrest runs Staying the one you missed the most That was a good idea But we did a similar one not that long ago Like months ago But we like to pretend that we don't want to We want to vary them, you know Mix it up Shombie likely headed to TV How somebody called about this The other day had no idea what they were talking about Because I guess I'm a day behind on a couple of these things The OJs Sydney story Sydney Simpson You know the Simpson Fuhame Very Jackass says Miami radio announcer Boog Shombie likely will become the new TV playback play voice And the Florida Marlins A ride A baseball source said Tuesday Shombie and Marlins ride Holder fox to sports whatever it is Still must come to terms on the contract You go boy We love Boog And maybe someday and you know 10, 15, 20 years We'll say boy Boog Shombie He's going to be one of those legendary broadcasts He's literally nobody knows And he's got a distinctive style He's got orange hair And he was beloved You know what I mean? What do you mean? He's just getting his V-Wed now He's just starting out This is going to be his first chance He's like the main man He'll do very well He ain't no Anthony Kelley and nobody He's his own and his own way He's going to be the Marlins main man He ain't no Dave van boring Well we'll get to that The promotional were completed in impressive rise For the popular radio now So we began as South Florida career as a WQM producer and flunky In sports up the reporter 1992 Shombie 34 has been a Marlins radio When I was in 1997 And I'm played by play the past four years Including three innings per game last year Although the season on the analysis is made by Fox Sports Marlins management including owner Jeffrey Loria Advocated Chambis having for the TV job Nice college, Jeffrey You finally did something we like Now let's start up with him again Man before the season starts again That's bad idea You get suspended I'd like to get suspended without With pay from now till let's see How many years I got left? Too many If the deal is struck Shombie would work as many as 150 games With Tommy Hutton was very good by the way Like don't you like Tommy Hutton Josh? Yes, quick guess Whatever your name is Who supports Shombie's hiring? Shombie had a climb comment We replaced Len Casper We left to become the TV voice of the Chicago Cubs After Chip Kerry and Steve Stone got blown out Because the players hated him like poison And native of New York Shombie has a degree in speech communication From Boston College Here's the really disturbing news And otherwise very encouraging And wonderful article which we wish We love him You know it's a great job The disturbing one sentence man Care really spoil a whole thing You know it's like making the broth That holds him what's that old saying about spoiling the broth Too many cooks Too many cooks about One sentence here spoils this story for me at the end of various column Dave Van Horn will return as the Marlins lead radio announced Oh my god Oh my goodness Are these people losing it or what? Do they have a radio? I must have radio because they heard Hank that Time to get all Ben out of shape about him But Dave Van Horn Dave and Boring is coming back again Yes Josh likes that because you know you're pretty tight with him That's right That's just fine Yeah, does he loan out my mind I can't say that would never be bad Time to what his wife Well everybody's always raven about his wife We gotta say something with a bottom he's got a horrible hair P.C.s boring on the year But he's got a wonderfully attractive wife Well that's good So he's got good taste in women but other men Kept with a TV woman He's got a voice for the internet Which is why he was doing those expos games I mean right now on the radio He did TV too I mean I don't care what he did He's boring and combing and dozing He can't say it so just bug out Okay, see this You know what I'm saying is true Last season he were telling me about how you had to keep Pokemon in a ribs to keep more weight during the game Is that what he said George? Something like that Yeah, something exactly like that Anyway, hey listen There's something going on like I said to Hank the other day that he's certain people That was Hank who talked about your buckping anxious You go humpber for the next one That was a great moment in radio By the way, Berkeley from ourselves department came in this morning to tell me how great she enjoys the Wonderful it sounds the a banter between the me and the humpber in the morning We didn't have it this morning because he had a bailout early to go some dolphin the licky licky thing But yeah, I enjoy that I'm actually having somebody on before me who is on the same radio station and those my name And get along with and you know actually had some Involve it would be show One thing that's I'm gonna let this out right now set it before briefly, but it really is very disturbing to me See on IOD there was interplay between reniery and me and Rick and Sides And four of our Randy it was a family it was dysfunctional but it was a radio family It was like we all knew each other resisted and if somebody had something going on me other people would talk about it Or I would talk about them whatever the deal was But on this station because of these sports fraternity we got I would say that Hank is ramen mo two Moes like the do do do do But we got some people on here who just basically I mean they recognize me the fact that I exist but other methods that's about it In other words, there's like a demarcation line once we get done with our crap It's like oh no we get to the serious stuff the sports shows around to help with all that Pablo and garbage and that high rated the knee or I just found it you know yeah That means it's disturbing you don't think so it's disturbing That's why it's a breath of at least fresher air that we got the hopper on there Now we had like have a little little little verbal in the course Yeah verbal just what we needed speaking of verbal is another talk station in south Florida man How many we got now? Not third man That's not a real talk station I'm gonna go rally is dying I'm wondering when that rating book told me forget to mark to check his number to see if he can break a point Oh, right out of the 0.0 numbers. I'll write it down from his big teaming numbers on fox that's the same bunch A right wing little goose stepping Nazi sycophants. He has made zero impact in the south Florida radio market I mean not a little impact none zippity do dot none zero. He ain't got nothing. You can't complain about his number because he ain't got one But anyway Salem communications will flip or you're gonna flip when you hear this there a flip WKAT Miami from classical to a conservative team news talk format on January 31 How can we compete with that January 31 today that's sadtable close on its 10 million dollar purchase of the class BAM with a marginal signal Believe me. I know I used to work there and it's gotten worse through the years WKAT's new lineup would be dominated by syndicated talk shows hosted by Salem radio networks build Bennett that's our gambling addicted Right wing professional Catholic Bible thumping phony ballooning homophobic spokesman build Bennett Dennis Prager Michael Medved He he would foster he would and my calendar fact I'd rather hear foster he would than he he would he's been dead for a long time Talk right even that was Laura Ingraham and the crazy is a bed bug Michael savage will also be part of WKAT's new lineup WKAT people continue to your broadcast to be met with all the operons Saturday afternoon and remain the radio faggier portfolio international university basketball Games nice going Howard Primer who ever had a lot of owns a while same on my about it K. T. I don't think this takes most of these AM stations around and just shut them down You think would that be like save a lot of those juice. Oh, we're getting that speaker of the juice I'm five six eight That's a good mood It's been a good two was in the news he spent his time on the golf course looking for clues now he's back and he can't shut up Steering is man the man Dave Drake wants to come up Still thinking to win that's all Jay Everybody knew it that's all Jay the prosecutor's been away He's still out there This is 20 is man And it's like she didn't cut her own head off with a life He did pay for dinner News meets the cash for this golf course Paul Yang tell me how is this search for the real killer go with his mind man I've been looking at golf courses all across America but I'll table be to be honest my glass You can I find them yet go why are you just working at golf courses Oh, yes, most of where I find myself on a golf courses Any video or else? No, I don't think so. He go down a golf course Oh, Jay is just praying crazy here So he doesn't like building cold be our even as any say He made my shit like a rare but she's lucky he did cover right behind me here Still thinking to win that's all Jay But everybody knew it that's all Jay He's still out there 1032 at five six did we put gambling on her yet because we added some others on his pool today right now Didn't talk about but I think we they know we didn't have gambling. Okay. There you go. There's one for you anyway Boy, I'm telling that Spun Bob Square pants. He's getting almost as dangerous as the teletobe. Thank you, winky You know we still say tiki winky. Thank you We kept us here together. Somebody says add booze to your pool. That's said that we added on there. We did booze Okay, I'm going to be the poem the second but first is for his OJ and at the ill be hit his concern I'm sure he's got a lot of excuses. You know our fathers a double murderer Lot of violence in the family. She's been exposed to a lot of bugger test stuff right right so let her off the hook touch He's hot. Yeah, OJ Simpson's 19 year old daughter was busted and float after she refused to stop cursing at cops Probably reports of a fight after a varsity basketball game I mean police said Sydney Simpson was arrested outside High School gym center named charge with the sorely conduct also with resisting arrest without violence Relatively stopping a cop in the right hand as he tried to take her into custody police said Two teenage girls told cops of the scene that Simpson hit them in the face but they decline at press charges Police said Simpson family lawyer Yale Yentagalander said yesterday that the spute was a cat fight at Sydney And we solved it by the time police got there. It's just a cat fight the lawyer didn't say what started the scutty suggested was the cops who made a situation worse Well, that never happens isn't no but if you're the police we're told that nobody wants to press charges Sydney is arrested for disorderly conduct. Well, I'd have said it doesn't take a legal genius or a great legal mind to figure out that the event was over And that it was the police who caused the charge to be had the dust up began or the dust up Visiting the or post it's not even a British paper, but it says the dust up is not a brick thing yet is that is so the dust up The Brits are such a bunch of silly Nazis man. In fact, I think we ought to begin along a wonder or Tony Blair's involved in this coalition of the unwilling You know one good Nazi always works well with the other wait a minute. Let's see Greg weed and Andy cord your both bitter fruit from the same drug Dung covered tree WKT's going alright. We talked to anywhere 31 the staff had to find out today from listeners who read the press release two days ago Where's cords not a frustration? Probably sniffing run a wolf's panties resolve job back. Oh Andy cord. He's the scourge of South Florida. Tim and Greg weed, but anyway getting back to the story about Sydney Simpson But dust up began after boys basketball game at ransom ever leads school and coven to grove against gover prep cops said oh me gover is a can See how British this whole thing is cluckle work Sydney who attends college in Boston graduated from gover last year Was at Saturday's game her 16 year old brother Justin is a student at gover when two cops arrived outside the gym They saw a big crowd gathered with coaches trying to keep the piece one of the officers in his report Simpson came to me screaming in yelling with cops and noted that she was asked to calm down several times and refuse Calm down OJ calm down you murdering piece of crap. The officer that interview the two teens who claims Simpson him in the face Simpson became very loud. Sorry to scream for a fan of these the other cops said his report She was asked three times to calm down. She refused to continue to scream FU the report said FU FU I made police lieutenant Bill Schwartz was spotted to go in her smart sister and said for her safety in the safety of all concern The officers decided to remove her from the situation clearly this upset her even more and she slept on the cops in a hand not a good idea Don't be slap a milk cops bitch Sydney was released after she agreed to appear in court at an unscheduled date on the misdemeanor charges Resisting arrest without violence carries a perlave up to a year in jail that a certainly conduct charge carries a possible 60 days in jail Maybe she and OJ could go in there in the new little time together when he said So if I see a choir every week is telling us about how OJ is just under virtue going in there It was hiding all of those yet all these places around the country where he allegedly was hiding all these artifacts and trophies and all of this stuff Or it's not for the Indians in dollars so they didn't have to pay the Goldman family a dime or the Browns by the course That's just a rumor because everybody who knows anything about sports just love ZoJ especially if they work at QAM We just love OJ we like murderers a lot. Don't we a lot here today's poll question Now the reason I said other than sex because if we had sex on everybody would say every guy was going to take to the sex right now Who is it right there you go other than sex what do you consider your number one addiction? What do we got so far we got votes on here because I already switched it for you See I like the fact that I can switch that poll instead of sitting around waiting for Eric to put on that last read of supreme What that sounds good for once they talk about actually does better than ice cream right although talk of Talk of Oh, is it Taco Bell right near a supermarket do it so I have to the Taco Bell as it's right over in the dominion You look at half a gallon of score ice cream. Mmm Taco Bell two breeder supreme is followed by half a gallon of score ice cream sounds like a nice Nice that I'll do it. That's okay Okay, I can ice beer well snack Other than sex what do you consider your number one addiction? We got junk food 20 see that Taco Bell. I just got through right I don't know if Taco Bell's really junk food is it? It's fast food like benign. It's not good or bad for you. It's like the yeah What do you mean it's not good for you? What's wrong? Taco Bell? You know smell the grilled beef. That's not it. That's why I think it those mushy beans man Or beef right beans. Oh nasty, you know flower tomato What it is with your people and mushy beans all the Mexicans are bigger the beat about my people and mushy beans get out of here Don't tell me that your people are in the beans beans beans beans They're not the meat. We don't need a different part so each ice. We don't do bean paste and black beans don't make it fart You're so full of crap any beans beans are full of beans are full of beans are full of gas beans are gas inducing Mr You're talking away a fart expert right, but you don't eat beans, so that that's right I don't need beans and thank God for that because if I did eat beans man I didn't shower all morning. No, you didn't even come in here I've been a shower all morning and drying the laughing aroma of my own gashists so anyway other than sex What do you consider your number one addiction junk food 20 marijuana 18? See I put that out of my early gratuitously because I don't really believe there's any such thing But never let is there what addiction in marijuana? You know psychological addiction that's like alcohol. I don't have an a 13 13 People better than we are they don't have any cigarettes nine sugar nine that was mine it's not even a contest So me sugar sugar alcohol eight pornography six the Internet six television for caffeine two heroin two cigars appear That's like a pair of goods cigars, right? Especially the ones that'll make you tongue fall out what was a vandalites? Well, I sure loved those before I broke I'd like to have one of those again Remember the fact that you're a paper like the what's the thing about the paper cuz cancer cuz it was like wrapped in a patron role made with you know paper Yeah, you ever have any Many of them yeah, oh those are good. I used to smoke those like like people smoke cigarettes She smoke those. This is probably my my tongue fallen out although could be other things On cigar is too cocaine to gambling one and chat room so far. Oh, yeah, right? Well, that's cuz we don't have the punks during school. Oh, the people are on the chat rooms that are tickets at that Oh, that's right the people addicted to the chat room. They're busy chatting at it right now sick really really sick if you don't believe me just check out a chat with me I'm and then the best the one of the biggest fun things to do is go into the chat room and then like make up some food They name and interrupt their fun, you know and start start writing messages about something totally different just throw them off You know and they get really porked off her you're interfering with our attempt to like Communicate with a bunch of other sick bastards with no life, you know, and then you know just at the end say I have no life The John Kerry joining us from the wine democratic Massachusetts now an official candidate for his parties Aminacian by that don't interrupt Don't have some phone calls you're watching Larry King live Denver Colorado hello Senator Kerry how will you pay off the deficit you're gonna have to kick back in more money now and by the way We're gonna penalize every family in America poured richy Florida hello I'm gonna carry is it true that you used to work at series as a mannequin? Oh, absolutely you're 19 years experience Olympia Washington hello Senator Kerry why would you do with health care? I had health care because on the United States Senator and I could afford it And that's why I'm gonna see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got we can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money The reason we don't have enough money Larry is because I party garden your message use it Hello Senator Kerry how's that? Happy are you really nice to ask I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way Thank you, Senator will be seeing you again soon. Thanks so much Senator John Kerry now on official candidate for his parties Domination not 1044 or 16 before a lot of let's take a look at that schedule man It's Thursday. We got mad dog Jim manager to two under protest It's just like you know managers coaches they they see we're playing a scheme under protest I'll have never seen that in the football game have you Josh? No, I don't know if that's a lot But in baseball certainly many times who've seen the manager will say oh we're playing the scheme under protest Because they get pissed off about some really bad call or whatever the deal might be your deal Parts let the game go on and pouring rain and sleet and snow whatever we're playing the same Other protests and of course nothing ever happens But anyway mad dogs doing the best he can under impossible circumstances because they're making his life miserable Which is what the beastly broadcasting company does better anything else they're making his life a living hell because he's done so great And got us those big numbers and made us a lot of money and his one-held a great talent So they don't everything they can to brow beat him in a beauty and lose him a beauty and lose him and lose him Just remember those two words rhyme Greg abuse and lose okay a Abuse him and lose him anyway, and then we'll have a David in four to seven who will be used us for a long time Yeah, I don't know so somebody call and make something up about what most I guess today about me Okay, right all pissed off me see at the beginning it wasn't okay everybody thought it was contrived Who and it wasn't it was legitimate hate. I mean unbelievable hate including you know Not everybody in the golden but now let's just make it up because they seem to drive on at you aren't in select that Oh, they hate each other. Okay, we hate each other. Well how we David in four to seven And then we got to hurricane hotline and then Tally would gray-hound Frank Hathauer hosted by Joseph Gackie and Clarence I pretended to be a little boy program directed Dero from a seven to nine nine Clockets the beast at high would grab gay home and then try to clock at he can answer award winning lineup for Thursday Tomorrow at one o'clock of ratings come out. We are gonna all man. We're gonna scar those numbers are one We're gonna have a story baby. I don't know what kind of a story. It'll be but we're gonna have a story Here's the fact that says pretty good facts here. It's an organization day by the way at noon Here's a message from our program and department of citizens is there something special going on and they we had a preempt to show for no See if there was a sports like a press conference going on if they once that error was coming to win in Which he did there and not too many weeks ago and we had some stupid ass press conference coming out of it I'll show they say oh gee we better carry this and be sure and pot down kneel so they can't make all those stupid Sounds and Nova and embarrass and degrade us and piss off the management man Wayne, you know, right right But we got the presidential inauguration at noon today Which I'm sure that everybody who listen to the show wants to avoid like poison So you can be sure we might carry like one or two words from our book out ready. I those would be good ones Here's the fact that says John Stewart had a guy on who wrote a new book called the politics of God He pointed out the people who voted for W based on world viders only care about two moral values abortion and gamer That's right abortion and then homo's baby killers and homo's and the fact is his isn't a moral value to help those Us fortunate to protect God's earth and corporations who destroy the environment for private financial gain to tell the truth about why we invaded country That had no WMDs no ties to 911 are not these moral values. Yes. They are I would thank Yeah, I'll be avoiding all TV's to name them our says the facts are also what says by the way I usually like blinds but Carmella He's what it says with several oh's I discovered her just like a brand of the world that said an all fall down I saw our first very very whoever the her or even we say he saw our first So he wanted a hop right of a hop aboard like this How's dog hop aboard don't touch that? Let's see how that pull is coming so far But we got to get a lot of calls in it ain't got about 400 articles here to like the world is hinting about whether I do or not Bill or I'm still kicking ass on Fox news because at least half of the country turned into a bunch of goose stepping nuts He's not there like that stuff they love it. I'll do then say what do you consider you number one addiction John food 27 marriage of 2025 boo 16 sugar 15. Oh, please get the sugar police Please get him for 9 or 14. I don't have any addictions 14 liars your full of crap We don't believe you I put that on there specifically for those people so early or been now I got another one. They don't do nothing. I got another one. Yeah, religion. Okay See they wanted minute. Let's see how many people in the redicted have been sucked in have been brainwashing So we're child like most of the masses out there our asses and their ability to think and reason like thinking Reading human beings like homo sapiens and that takes effort cigarettes 13 the internet a dozen now we did separate the internet from chat rooms because it's a separate category Right, I mean the internet you could be sitting there surfing all day long like to beach boys I think about to Jan and Dean. Oh, let's see the internet 12 caffeine eight television eight cigars four sports three gambling to heroin to cocaine to Religion and chat rooms are the big ol religion just went on there. It'll get some 175 votes Why not on this inauguration day? I want to the saddest days in history of this Republic just Give it all up give up to religion give up all that best. Okay, right what? Oh, there's the limousine the case. I worked out the dirty because he's waving over there. Yeah, I book our Red get off of my TV you not see murdering bastard human 14 hundred close to 14 hundred Americans because this man is a liar because him in the neocons and the a pinack The project for New American century it got this all math out man What a neocon job on a whole world. Well, not on a whole world because the rest of the world ain't Vignet only the stupidity out of half of America. It's a two stupid one to stand don't confuse us with the truth All we care about is the good religious boy. That's a good old boy. We don't know we don't know Yankee liberal Comey pink olfag with a bad face and a and a wife that looks like he's got a rag mop on her head We don't want them in everyone in the country trying to shove them liberal That agenda our thoughts with him. Fag marriages and all other other a fag stuff and abortion baby kill and stuff We want a good old boy and that's what they got a good old boy Do me the whole here. I book our rap. Good boy. Hey, hello Hey, they are are you push an auguration headquarters. Yes, sir. I had listen speak in a city since and she would have Done really well on the pole. Yes, you think I would have been disappointed. She didn't finish the job like her father It but Anyways Today's poll Definitely American idol. I hate to admit that but that's definitely one on there You're a little bit of a lot of you We got some of these watching that P.M. And then well, okay, then the show popper of Q and M since most got there It's just been absolutely ridiculous You buy you can you believe it. I bet you a lot of people think we're making this all up We don't have to and when you work in this place you don't have to make anything up here darn right all right I am okay. Okay. Say how to uh William hung What do you what do you have fun about he says the M sure he's a tight with William would bill hung He was a big superstar on air. He is a four seconds of fame couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack He can't act. You know look good. He's an idiot. He's a geek. I said geek and say good. So do you like him? No, he sucks What is the a presidential motorcade or flags are waving on a side of the limousine? Oh, I know what you think and don't say it now don't say it I know you say it about egg. I know what I'm thinking. I'm not gonna say it. I'm gonna say it. Hey, it's WQAM. Hello Where are you up to me? Meal God. Yes, sir On your fall. Meal. I'm addicted. Oh, this is Neil Rogers. Okay. That's good choice. Hey Neil. I am Had a segue with that OJ story. I was thinking about two things. It really I just can't believe happened in the past one of them OJ being acquitted and the other one is the reelection of the W. I thought that might be a good poll Like what historically events surprised or shocked you the most of the town come we know what a Historical event case can you still not believe happened? I like that maybe we don't have tomorrow. I like that a lot Hey, and by the way, Neil for shaving your head because I'm half bald. I just take one of those electric tremors and just shave it down Or there's a little stuff and then you could get for a week or two. I know I got a little stub already. Yeah, cool right on Great day, pal I don't know I'm thinking about that. I was thinking it's pretty comfortable isn't it? I should ask him that wasn't it you know I might he's already gone Well, you know comfortable because I did it like 20 some years ago, but I don't remember because I mean Who remembers what it felt like 20 years ago and they I hear too Robin cut my hair shorter and shorter every time that it's more comfortable every time you get to a certain age right look at this so you got into your Rogers on there We got a completely Complaining this is Brian and Pompano B. Do you know your number one addiction is complaining On a one we listen to the show then Brian says his number one business complaining Wine yeah, yeah, right you stopped for a fact He wants a macaroni and cheese Whatever happened to the winers. I love that that was great That that show was great. Who what I'm a good person the winers? No the STT was not a STT. Oh, yeah, I got you right. Yes, yeah, we went to macaroni and cheese I know so many of those winers In fact, I talked to so many of every day. Yeah, yeah, we got screwed. Yeah, the dolphin son. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, it just never gonna change a hundred years from now I come back and south over to me the same Air of malcontent and the discontent and the this may and the hostility It was interesting Hollywood gets pick as the seventh politis city in America and a people in Hollywood Almost down to the mayor all same. Well, we were understand why that is because of all his his roots and gets It would be right to show you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of our face with all your expertise You jackasses Like that was a presidential motorcade. How many kill a and hello? Good morning. Yes, sir. What is this? My tocus is nobody said what was he right? Focus something about where to say that on the hell in a hand mask. It must be talking about bush again Tell me QAM hello Two am Yes, sir. Hey, what's your jacket? Where's your jacket between a working-on place? What are you? I want to put some on the pole there. Do right in About four oh man, it's on I'm I'm He's got some of the Vatican supplies some of this fill over boy They got the biggest question pornography in world. I don't really know how that developed Of course, I guess I'm just happy like Michael Jackson after you some of the quarter-distimulate those 10-year-old-old-erbois 567. 0560 Tom 560 out of a rising in singular wireless lines W2A and hello Oh, the go it pretty good, pal. Hey had a radio fire for for you Alice was on yesterday. Oh my god Alice rental but yeah on why they do why was on what on helium? Yeah, he was on helium. Oh, it brought back to days of W snooze meal He was talking about casino gambling and what was it what was she saying well? He was saying how it's up We don't want that here because You know what was it? He didn't want that here. What is he he's in LA? What is he got to do with South Florida? Yeah, he's doing a show live from LA. He must have said in the topic about the March 8th folks Yeah, he's like saying well, we have that here And they take a little bite of this then I'm gonna want more and more Yeah, and then you know he knows about taking the little bite. It's Alice believed me. Yeah, and another Spyro for cash to know Ro still trying to rip you on his show. Yeah. Yeah. I can't stand that guy Well, I'm glad that I'll have to check his video curtain out today. Thanks a lot, pal But I see Paul at the Eden Center. I'll have to have a chat with him about all these things. I'll see him in the chat room 5 6705 60 that'd be a good place for him man because one thing about him. He is really full of crap Everybody's on your party. Okay. They know that you've just ripped off artists. You never had the original idea even when you fart like I said It smells like Amla's parts some people think it's just a regular pedestrian egg fart But it's an Amla fart. That's where we picked that aroma up from it just it's so sad You know, it's so took a recent photo so pedestrian so bush league so crap, but I'm still here man another four years almost less 20 days nothing. I'm counting anything like that. Why did I do that? I don't know bad advice for my attorney I think very bad advice if he would if he was sharp, you know Will you laugh at about oh I told you if we'd be syndicated on 600 stations right now making millions of dollars Pretty much the board out there really Chained you mankind like some of the people I can think of yeah, you go like that scare I'm ever but they sure had a big impact on the election didn't they? Oh no. Oh, yeah We're gonna come on there. We're gonna counter Rush Limbaugh and go a rally in Gordon Litty and Ollie North and Sean Hannity and all his other right way know you're not know you're not you want it to lie you're not gonna do it Al Franken because they're laying cats are laying for cuz you're boring Rongers puppies Uncle Ted. They're on to boxer shorts alleged Cruz ob spoiler and rage with some desperate And And do the walkin' in the car sound! No way, though. That's why you get to the maximum. There is a rich, they're powerful. They like this one, they can. What you're gonna do, Smith, and Ted Kennedy, and they'll enter the next one adventure. R2, the next one, Chinatavia. Excellent. Someone's swimming into the gym. Where did that guy swim? There's your fat ass governor, Jeff Booster, at the inauguration. Taking pictures with his little throw away of a brownie camera. Did you see that? No, I didn't. Oh, there's snap at a couple of snapshots. There's a little one with his little one with his little one. I'm not leaving a lot of money. I'm not leaving a lot of money. I couldn't watch it. I would puke. Would you? Your fat ass governor is there to see his brother steal another election. I mean, so anyways, the reason I played that bit there is because that's Paul Castro, was career right there, and like, how long is that bit? Just a second. I'll say, uh, 52 seconds. I'll go for get to tell me Smith Tumblr. No, no, no. That's, uh, that's forgettable. That's what I mean. This is actually a great bit. And that's it. That's his contribution to a broadcasting. How many years do you get on here? About 30 minutes. That's it right there. That's it, Paulie man. See, I thought that went in and of course, uh, what a liar. Remember those days when he was called a Dough, anybody in the building trying to get the morning show? Because we've had 85,000 different morning hosts in a desperate situation in there. And then, uh, goes on here and lies about I never, sure you did. We have that on absolute sworn authority. We have an affidavit man. We have 50 guy named David who swore on a Bible A stack of Bible's and his biggest your ass, Paul, that you were there sucking around for that morning show. Even PD Lenny was going on with that crap. You're good close friend, PD Lenny was going on a mouth like a toilet in the brains to max and just in like a crocodile, right? Right. You ever those days? I had it on the hand of the ready from PD Lenny, mufflinzy, uh, Clarice Dero, uh, uh, junior program director, all these other people. I'll take their word even PD Lenny any day over this big fat tub of crap, which goes on here. Oh, I ran into Neil with a saw grass. Yeah, right. Fat chance, Tubby. And by the way, Lou, some weight. You made me look like skinny Atlas. I think he's achieved a new record of what? Wait. Oh, has he? Yeah, I haven't seen him. I ran into him at the, um, at the atrium mall. The other day. Did he? No. How to feel? Fat. W to Q a and hello. I had it first hand of the week. Q a m, buddy. Mufflincy. Now you have to wait. You're at that's PD Lenny right there. W to Q a and hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, they got it last call. I'm not sure your psychic powers of listening so long. Uh, I was going to vote for your show, but the reason I call. I was with Eric today. And I emailed him and he was supposed to get a hold of George. I don't really want to put this on here. But, uh, did you get a message about time telling us, better? Oh, this is a Reverend Jones again. No, sir. No, sir. No, no, no. You could not know. No, I have any idea what you're talking about. Need to do it. Okay. I talked to Eric. I have a 43. And 33. And 33. Right. And what about it? Why need to talk to Eric about that. He hasn't given name about that stuff. You have that thought you might be interested. No, no, no, no. New Eric said, in prison, George isn't. I'm not either. 567. Oh, five. And he talked to Eric about the time tunnel. Because somebody called up about the, uh, the show the time tunnel. Apparently. Jesus. If I never saw James Darren again, it would be soon up to me. I'd rather see Bobby Darren and James Darren and rather croaked and see Bobby Darren. But what he still did, little liberal problem. Bobby Darren. Little too much booze man. You people addicted to booze. Oh, and I got a great story about how the government lies. I know it's a throw. Yeah, but all these fan people supposedly were done. You're the one to make stand up. Mm-hmm. NHL times to keep talking. I got just a pile of stuff. I might have actually get to it. I feel like Rick Riley, a little actually do have some stuff. Where is that story about? The um, oh, there's a great calm by Marine Dow. Don't know much about algebra. Warren Buffett sees no way, but down for US dollar. Former NFL star faces attempted murder charges. My meat sets Josh's close personal friend, bearer Robbins. No kid to basketball. That's not a business on 163rd Street there with a drive through. It's an amazing haul of stuff. I keep been telling you. Uh, where is that thing? I know it's in here somewhere in my fat pile. Oh, speaking of that, here's a Michael Moore story. His bodyguard was a busted wood a gun at the airport. I'll see that story. No, in that what bodyguard is supposed to do, I do carry a gun. No, these men are licensed to carry firearms. That's right. You'll have to fear what them. You'll have to fear before I magistrate the morning. They show cause. I loved the one that I'm a husky. Okay. Yeah. Oh, here it is. CDC says it miscalculated the number of obesity deaths. Because they've been saying that obesity was about to overtake smoking. Is number one cause a death in the US. Okay. First, okay. And if you are fat and you smoke. Bye. Bye. Okay. I'm dying out of the hand. That's it. That's a death wish. When you agree? Indeed. I mean, fat and fat is dropped down a little bit. I guess I can go out and get like two big times of ice cream. Oh, nice. I have an head of water. It's got like the little chunks of turtle in it. That's a new twist. Just let them melt right on your gut. Just eat it off your chest. That sounds like a good idea. Just look at five six seven. Five sixty. Oh, melted. It's 60 under Verizon and singular. Now they are microwave. I don't have time to wait for it. It's too slow. It's got to go in a microwave. If you like it. Like it. I'll leave it which is a little more than a quart. That's a little added bonus in Canada. Leave it as a little over a quart. And you like put that in there for about 60 seconds man. About a minute. And then you open that baby up and size and not mushy. But just soft enough. You don't have to like see ice cream is no good when it's like too hard. When it's like rock. It's like rock. So yeah, not good. You know these people can bite into it ice cream code. What do you mean by that? Like they take an ice cream code and they bite into it. Like they're biting off a chunk of ice cream and like chew in it. Ever see someone do that with the heart. Well, are you just forced to look at I know. But I know people that don't just chop me off. But I know that was going to be a little tough not to look at. I'd pass up. Five. Oh, look at that mirror line. I went to the top of our addiction list. All right. Let's have a party. How about you say? All right. I'll bring the party. I'll bring the party. I'll give you a party. Have one of those ratings parties. Yeah. All these people sit around who hate us like poison. Don't have anything to do with a show in the success of the ratings on this station. And they sit around a hop up a bunch of free food. I remember one. I heard a great. Yeah. People like Maddie Bell and rate Perry. And all these are in Gary's Sarner. Is Gary Sarner short for those deals? Because the food I'm sure is not kosher. Of course it does. Yeah. What a free loader. Man. WQAM. Hello. I'm going to. I look safer today. Full with a fitness. Definitely my addiction. You're addicted to sickness? No. Oh, fitness. Yeah. What do you do? I want to try a fleet and serve for running, swimming, biking. You didn't know John Barry did you? I know I don't. Good. That's good. Okay. Well, keep it up. That's a good thing to have fitness. Yes. Fitness of it. Ever try a fleet? Let's see. See, Span 2 is covering the inauguration process live. Much better than the mainstream media coronation perhaps is this fact. It's got to be. You see, because I don't get seespan here. Thank you. I don't want to process. I don't want to put anything on here to do with this damn coronation. I mean, another way. Change the channel. I did. What's the start of the scenario? I'm going to try it. What's the start of the scenario? I'm going to try it. You got better things. We do. There you go. The throttle. Blue line. That's a mockery. One of the young. I'm going to create a. How about some many people? I agree when quite a lot. A robotic. That's been the tracking. This is one of the most r fiery. What's that explained. Brian and Pablo Beach who sent the complaining that essentially from yesterday was done. 2 or reflect this as we put sex on the poll. Why will not. We don't have a story. again. Good morning. And quit your complaining, Brian. What do you want to tell me now? What about that? And far. But the league's down the other way. I was born and shot. Pick that side step up. I'd play this circle. Pick it up. A little boring hockey there for you, huh? Why not see what we got on here. We could put some horse racing. It's too early though. And then it's only 11 o'clock anymore. On these that are replaced from last night. It's snowing in Penn Nation. The fabulous fortune. The jocky Casey Kaufman. There you go. And anything about the inauguration today, huh? I could play boy TV on it right out of half a second. But I'm not going to even bother trying that, you know? What else would it possibly be on? How about the BBC? I wonder if they're doing that thing. It's skating down. It's involved in relief operations in the countries affected by these tsunami. More than 15,000. Oh, you asked. A lot of us are constipated Nazis, man. Who are you? People, kid. Anyway, you like this to a conservative thick of soft target, a cartoon sponge. On the heels of electoral victories, barring San Sex married, some influential conservative Christian groups are turning their attention to a new target. The cartoon character Spun Bob Squarepants. Have you heard about this story? They're at it again. Is he gay? You think that the purple tinky winky was evil? Just wait. Does anybody here know Spun's Bob, Dr. James C. Thompson, the fascist found where Focus on the family asked against who's in it. They black-tied dinner for members of Congress and political allies to celebrate the election results? Spun Bob needed no introduction. In addition to his popularity among children who watch his cartoon show is become a well-known camp figure among adult gay men. Gay. Perhaps because he holds hands with his animated sidekick Patrick and likes to watch the imaginary television show, the adventures of mermaid boy and a mermaid man and vertical boy. Now, Dr. Thompson said Spun Bob's creators had enlisted him in a pro-homosexual video in which he appeared alongside children's television colleagues like Barney and Jimmy Neutron among many others. The makers of the video, we said time to mail it to thousands of elementary schools to promote a tolerance pledge that includes tolerances for differences of sexual identity. The video is creator Neu Raju, a Nio Raju's who wrote to disco hit We Are Family. So, Mr. Dawson's objection is to promote misunderstanding. Mr. Raju said he founded We Are Family Foundation after the 9-11 attack to create a music video to teach children about multiculturalism. The video is appeared on TV never, and nothing in it or it's accompanying materials reverse the sexual identity that plays Barney from the Southern Poverty Law Center is not mentioned on the video, and is available only on the group's website. Mr. Raju suggested that Dr. Dawson and the American Family Association, the Anxious American Family Association, the conservative Christian group that first sounded to the alarm, might have been confused because of an unrelated website belonging to another group called We Are Family with SupportSk Youth. The fact that some people may be upset with each other people's lifestyle, that's okay, Mr. Raju. We're just talking about respect. Like you're referred would say, RESPE, however else I go's respect. Mark Barron, Baron this, the Foundation's lawyer said critics need medication. So, right, take some doggy down as there. James Dawson, you fascist bastard you. On Wednesday, however, Paul Bature assistant to Mr. Dawson and focus focus focus focus on the family said the group stood by accusation. We said the video as an insidious means by which the organization is manipulating and potentially brainwashing kids. He said, it's a classic bait and swish. How do I say it? SpongeBob Square Pants is flaming. Everyone knows that it's squidward escape. And he's going, we're not too happy about that. Is that purple Tiki Winky? Can we still play that? Which got away. Got away knows what he says near. What is that? We're long and Jerry Paul will hunt the right handle. When I woke up today, I put my TV on an insidious tending or CNN. I saw a purple creature with a gaze. I know this head. It wasn't upside down. Try and go purple thinking. Hey, tell the tell me. I think you can see it. I think we got it. I think there's something in there. I think he might say like weaness or something like that. I'm going to talk about Frankie Evelyn and shocking blue weaness. 1113 at 5.60. WQM on a great Thursday man is trying to show you about 100 below zero. How's it where you are? Fine cool. Study. Ah, well we're fine. Well that's great. Yeah, well I heard people belly can the other day two days ago. The weather was like down to 52 or something in Miami. Oh, it's 52 or 59 I think it was. And there was a muffin sum of the road. You use a little go. And it was like minus 33 wind chill here. I mean give me a break. Will you please grow up and stop me in such a bunch of pansies. The guy. In fact right now the temperature is minus 18 Celsius. I don't want to know how to help much of this. How was I just watching that bush was not? We've even even just got to take just half in city post don't have that crap on. Thank God for Canada man. Hey, we solved yourself to a better night sleep this year by calling 1 800 mattress right now because nothing and I do mean nothing's got a better impact on your daily health well being in productivity. Then a good night sleep and you can get one right and for a long long time to come from dial a mattress. So you have to do is call I toll free number 1 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or maybe it's noticeably sagging or lumpy then it's time for a new one. Two from a complete line of silly service Simmons King Quill temper beat of concerns and foster you with. That'll mattress takes same day or is all day long. Where's that old day long from can't afford. Tom Beach to Ford Myers and I have been telling you for years and years now what an unbeatable delivery deal because they let you pick the date and two hour delivery window you want your mattress delivered. And that's when they show up when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you. And there might be product of their on time delivery record 99.7% of the time. That'll mattress one the 2004 better business bureau local church work for excellence for a years now. And I know that if you want to get a new mattress this is the only intelligence way to do it because there are no rip off snowskams, no off-brands and best of all you don't have to even leave the house. So I do have to do is reach over and grab that phone and call them toll free 1 800 mattress or log on the wicked web at macros.com. dial a mattress 1 800 mA TTR E S. What's just happened there? I did the game. I knocked it down about must have been Dr. Thompson done. Must be an active god. You see that and now. It won't come backwards. You want to see what I'm doing? I'm not doing it. I'm running to my sister's house. A.M. I'm dying out of the hand. Oh. If they see this watch the TV, put the camera in there. Well, right back to the watch of dinner, what bridges to perform. We've five of them to perform it. While Parmaline and Nervs won't find the pillow. Why does it all work? Because there are no bridges to perform. Posting by the safety of the bathroom gate. It's a very massive bathroom road. It's a ride home in the big. It just keeps it sailing through the woods. That shows all that all there are loud kids. Watch us to know what the pillow is like. Tell us here if we can hear about pouring on the bathroom. So man, I'm looking to know what the pillow is like. And? That's what I recall. Yeah. Trust me, ladies. Yeah, you're right. You think the air is so good, while cleaning out there does not work. Yeah. What the hell is this? You know, when Christians do perform, do they always have the fish. Montana doesn't trump. What the hell is this? I don't know what Christians do perform. That's what I said in the evening. It's been back down again in June. And Roger L.B. I'm with a 12-pack of food. Yeah. Here's a bite before the puff-up. And then you do. Here comes. God will be smiling above the floor. That's what I said. Oh, what is this? I said. It might already be on the puff. I think the chat shows. Yeah. The first thing we've got on over in the building, I'd love to get a little break. Yeah. I'm happy. Yeah. I'm happy. Yeah. I'm happy. Yeah. I'm happy. Yeah. I'm happy. I'm happy. Like, by the way, here's a good idea for the pool. How about computer games for today's pool? Some good games. I go around this with a computer game. Like, play stage video game? Right. But yeah. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. Here's the mechanical text. Does there's different sizes? Yeah, there's several different... Oh, gee, we can't begin with that. Oh, what you might be talking about. What you're going to funny is on C.J. Od. This small space... let's see if there's a good choreo. We just put the audio on. A hundred harnessed, is that about 10 or 1000? Don't exist at all? 15% ight tend to the sentivine. What this is the religious speech station? Well, there will be no money in the body of Christ and this is why Spain is trying to hit the body of Christ. It may be very nerve-dening to it. to which just the storehouse the church and puts it to the maybe my house. Nobody comes in a my house and messes with Jesus house. He means he's seen that promo right now. How many of the Patriot players have we under had a say before Josh did? I'm embarrassed by that. I think it's just pathetic. Perfect. Nobody comes in our house and pushes us right. Yeah. Well, in their case it's true, but I just think in the love language of Eden. But as an era to panther hockey game, it's like blown out six nothing by a Detroit or something. And they're on the big jumbo tron is the big nobody comes in our house and pushes around except the red wings. You know, whatever ridiculous there's balance TV. We're in the balance. Mumble Bumble. Very. Get your. Get down. I'm sure we'll find the one. You're your. Oh, look, I think it's a game puppet. Anyway, here's the fact that says last week Colin Ron. And that's old Paul and ancient Ron ran a bit that was a flagrant rip off of the scene in Fatsau where they were talking about filling a jelly donut, which of course is one of our favorite. How many years would we've been playing I think on the show about 30 at least I would say. We're in the feeding place. Second. I'm telling you out of a jelly. You know, I was a little tired with chocolate chip ice cream. How cake would chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ring ding. And chocolate chip ice cream. Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream even better. That's nothing. Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly donut? Ha ha ha. Oh, good. What a great movie. Highly underrated. Could we ever do that pull the most underrated movie of all time? I don't. Let's do it. Don't kill a couple of weeks. Oh, don't you think that's a highly underrated movie? Very much. Anybody I ask could be seen Fatsau. Oh, I didn't see. I saw the beast that week that he filled in trying to get your job. He was auditioning. He got the answers to the story and he liked it. I think every fat person and every skinny person who lasted us fat people, you'd end it out of the sea. Anyway, this effect, this is my addition is meet the press despite Tim Ruster's overly bubbly barberable shies. I give up on the Republican cool aid thinkers in the Democratic bottom boys. I'm writing in Vokobrine in 2008. That'll be great. I'll write. Let's hear it. Vokobrine. Yes, my vote. I still say that this company knew what they were doing. They said they had Vokobrine on and sometimes thought they'd move mad dog for to seven. They'd get that thing straight enough and put Vokobrine on to the forward doing the alone guilty show with his two directors even who are very entertaining. Vokobrine. Vokobrine. As opposed to, you know, what we got now. 5605056, pound five 60 on the Verizon and sing it a lot of the slides. Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addiction? We got marijuana 44. Oh, God. No wonder the world's going to hell in a hand basket. It's going to pot. So, who was 42? Poor no 39. Jump food 39. SIGERAT SPAGATS is God. About 30 minutes. Sugar 24. That's me. You look at me. I'm Mr. Sugar. Remember, Berkshire, that silly boxing guide I was in silly hands. How much do Josh knows who that is? No, not really. Or you're on a boxing guide. Good. That's why we like Josh. He's on a boxing crap. Oh, the internet 19. I don't have any 19. Yeah, right. Television 14. Kathleen 13. Sports 12. Neil Rogers 8. cigars 8. Complaining five. Yeah. Gambling of five. Hero 1-3. Cocaine 3. Computer size video games 1. Religion 1. Cat rooms 1. Fitness. Non-no. That guy will be on her. He's a fitness freak. Come any QAM, hello. QAM. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. Um. Good. I'll talk to you about the time. I'll talk to you about the time. What is it? I'm a new listener. Yes. And you got, you got to see if you have it. So much trouble. Is this all? How are you? What does that mean? How are you talking about? Sir. Now of course not. It's got very little to do with that. What is it? How it's still not to do with all these programming nightmares on this station. He will be fine with Tungu. You will really kiss when you come out of town 11. I really never cared. Yeah. But the rest of the audience did because they liked it a lot of time to show us. But that's got very little that's only a tiny blip on the radar screen. Compared with all the other programming problems we got. Just remember, heard about radio stations that keep changing a line of very big five minutes. Yes. I mean, I don't understand this. Is this just, is this the usual QA? Now you start in the catch on. It is business as usual. A very push vacation job is a race and it's absolutely correct. That's so lovely. Correct. But you're the only one that thinks that I have a deal with. Okay. I'm the only one who thinks so. What does that mean? I'm the only one who thinks so that this is business as usual. Right. Okay. So, I'm also an instant expert on QA. I'm going to show and he's just another stirring got his all bent of a shape. And why should I have cared? It's term one on until 1030 1045 1115. I mean, obviously that was a great deal. It was very poorly planned out. It was also in violation of my contract. Instead of extending my deal, we should've done a suede there as. You know? But instead, we let him off the hook for all time sake. That's exactly what we did because by setting this new deal, it kind of like, you know, our things is their hands a little bit. It's my beat, but it cleanses their hands, you know? And I said, well, how about a little piece for George and a very small piece for George? Of course. Is that okay? A small piece. Piece of the tattiness they did. WQA and Hello. QA and Tim. Tim? What about you? Is it you? I'm an active child, simple. Ha ha ha ha. WQA and Hello. I'm not a bad guy. Yeah, okay. Good for you. Hope you died with our week. WQA and Hello. Me, please. Go have a court ice cream loser. Yes, sir. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Script club. Victor, the script club is probably George's fault too. Very much. Okay. Thank you. Easy. Victor, the script club. Okay. Like seeing much of the name shoot those Tim, upon balls out of her orifice. I think that every time you walk by management's orifice in the building that there was something to put an authority, I think. I said it had it. All wait till I get to the strip, I'm rolling still, refuses to run out for Bible. There's good news tonight, baby. Here's it with me. I'm in certain order that you pressing stuff and if I got this, not see in for another four years, some really good news. There's a little mermaid. There it goes. It looks like Satan on there with a little mermaid. The Satan is there in a way to where you look. What channel do they are? Where are you? Where are you? Where is that pen? The theme for a little mermaid. Do you work? Yeah. On those shows. Here we go. Here we go. I didn't know that was a TV show. It isn't TV. You sound right now. There's this. There's this. Now I can't find it, but if you want, I'll put it in the invaders in Austin space again. Maybe I'll get those videos that you were trying to tell me. I am scared. No, it was so pathetic. That was just tragic. How could that guy have really been serious? The audience in the email, Eric and find out that we called him to be a man. Yeah, right. Guys, try to hook us up. Yeah, hook this. No need. Try to. Anyone in Atlantic to get upset. See, there you go. There you go. Just relax up there, climb a computer in there. But what's your guy's name in book? Is it a computer? I forgot the way. Whatever his name is book, book a computer. 560, pound 560, and a barrage. Now we got mad dog at two today. It's just my imagination that things are all screwed up here. You're listening to me. The only one that thinks so. Right. That's who it is. I'm loosing. I'm loosing. You're going to go. Neil Rodgey, huh? I am all. Oh, yeah. What do you know? What do you say? Well, I'm just going to be around here. If I tell money to tell me, I would tell you about me. You're going to be a good boy. Oh, no. Oh, no. Three and a half. You're going to get stuck, I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to get stuck. I'm going to get stuck. I think I'm going to go with my window. I'm going to turn out. Why? Come on, but me, time ain't got a show. I'm going to show you. Why? You're going to go fast. I mean, pulmon is there any? It's not a shingle. You got, not a mingle. The little. The little. And I'm going to go with. Three and a half. You're going to go with me. You're going to go with me. You're going to go with me. You're going to go with me. If I were someone I wouldn't drag you If you help your old pal, please don't cry If you don't cry, please don't cry If you don't cry I need my little kiss and lonely pie town No If I'm hungry, go down you just touch the wind You know my kiss don't come easy And that's why I can't all of it come as soon as I'm alone No, not that you'll pay me back I ain't no kiss and I think Not one little another thing in that night I can't do it, you know my little kiss You know my little kiss, I can't do it I can't do it, you know my little kiss And I can't stand you The door is going I can't do it Don't cry I need to say again, my little kiss Everybody in the building hates you like poison There must be a pretty good reason for it Okay, 20-8-10-8 even hates himself That's, this is part of the group now, right? Right, he's going along with the parade Before we get to the Rolling Stones And of course there's no surprise in this Because this is where these fashions are coming from Not like they're opening man, they got the God squad And they got their hands at the controls They're steering it Right off the edge of a cliff High court asked to overturn Roe versus Wade Oh my God The woman was known as Jane Roe has asked the Supreme Court This landmark Supreme Court decision It legalized a Bosch in 32 years ago Norman McCorvey, who's protestive textive abortion Van Lede in 1972 ruling Contents that a petition received a court Tuesday That the case should be heard again In light of evidence that the procedure may harm women Now we know so much more And I plead with the court to listen for witnesses And we evaluate Roe versus Wade said McCorvey Who says she now regrets her role in the case The politically charged issue Coming before the court is both sides The bitter nomination find A deceased chief test is what he made for an inquisitive Replacement should be aiming just as we tired this term At least three justices including my inquisitive said Roe B Wade was wrongly decided And should be overturned Two lower court last year throughout McCorvey's request After the ring we were considered But an a strongly word of concurrence Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Edith Jones criticized the abortion ruling that's Edith And said pneumatic evidence may well show Undo harm to a mother and her fetus The last major abortion decision by the Supreme Court Came in 2000 When the court ruled five to four to strike down Nebraska's ban on so-called partial Birth abortion because it felt a provide an exception To protect the mother's health just as a sin And if you're a little interested in waiting back in the emotional issue They're not waiting in it Okay Rolling still and here's the good news We have a little bit of good news We got booster going to be due to TV games right? Right nothing's perfect We still got Dave and boring under radio Which is really a criminal if you ask me that's just Uncalled for all agreed Radio broadcasters out there. Let's get your angel back What do you say? What do you say Josh? You don't know Jo Angel do you ever work with him? You never worked with him. Do you meet him? I had him. Oh yeah, but you know about Jo Angel Why were you knocking me out stick because you're not Dave and boring I'm not knocking him. Yeah, how do you warrant? When I said something about Jo Angel there was a long pregnant Pulling it like that you were gagging on it In the wind fell I think we had to put your ass on the loose fell See he doesn't like it But he said too much or worse to come out and say if you don't like Jo Angel go I didn't say it in like and we don't like him making fun of him He didn't say the wind come like we did What? What's your idea again? Turn it again. In the windcolors Anybody ever said Josh Cortes and Jeff Garcia together? Oh, say they're so good. Yeah, don't say that again. Bed for your image Rolling still refuses to run ahead for the Bible The God squad they're not a control man They want to shove Jesus right down your throat Rolling still in magazine to climb to run an advertisement for a new translation The Bible aimed at young people so they can continue their brainwashing The inacent's largest Bible publisher said Wednesday and of course To believe any of that crappy got to be stolen so why not by rolling stone and read about that right? We'd all about it roll it up in the rolling stone Sound or vanity division of Harper column publishers boss space the magazine months ago As part of an ad campaign for today's new international version said Dr. Lockhart Zondabans of Zick and Device President of marketing last week We were surprised and certainly disappointed that Rolling stone had changed Their mind and rejected our ad to all I can only say Hallelujah God bless Rolling stone. I'm going to get a subscription right now A telephone message seeking comment was left yesterday at the New York headquarters of winter media LLC publisher Rolling stone but of course they're mum Lockhart said Zondabans based in Grand Rapids, Michigan paid winter media last year Lighter run the end February when the Bible is doing bookshows They do it improved Bible for young people with the fewer fairy tales and more I don't know more rap music Drop it like a song Yeah, I'm watching I'm a little bit reluctant to put that down the year bro because Yeah, that is too. Oh, well, you haven't all what they're going to say in of course You know exactly what they're going to say so don't do it. Oh, okay Well, how about how about the let's see one moment please what about the what's that oldies MTV thing The letter you know torn now. Oh, oh much Yeah, I'm not sure much more ultra video What's kiss this is and oh you're not kiss, but we stayed in a holiday in express last night On Tuesday, USA day quoted Kent Brown bridge the general manager of winter media saying is staff first saw the ad copy last week And said we are not in the business of publishing advertising for religious messages Good for you Kent lock hearts of the and features a contemplative looking young man and includes this copy in a world of almost endless media noise In political spin you wonder where you can find real truth. Well now there's a source that's accurate clear and reliable It's the T and IV today's new international version of the Bible. It's written in the days language for today's times and it makes more sense than ever Maybe I'll let's disagree to carry the and include modern bride the onion mtv dot com and aOL lock heart said aOL Like CNN dot com is unit of time more there's no put that on her supposed to see on the website after clarify that they'll take just about anybody's money unless they're liberal Here's a facts from Joe and Holly witnesses. Watch in channel 10 news this morning. They kept showing a close up of the handwritten police report of a rest of Simpson's daughter Sydney. She's got a name now Joe Sydney love Sydney Tony Randall by I don't know I can live out. I think he kindly still make him babies in the middle of the report you can clearly see FU handwritten in the report All right, oh, now what's in it? It's 10 10 channel 10 by my license baby Don't let the monitor find out about that Don't let only shave off the right love details mustache again. They like search even at the neck. They showed a few times I can put it out to my wife so I guess you can show it on TV in the news case. You just can't see it as a set as a satisfy my internet What what is this man little bit heard Joe my internet addiction had began talking to many of the other sites daily pools What's spary you reading this? I tried to wow. Hey Joe much up a little off a look at how Niels audience would answer this pool P.O. L.A. So for a poll I do you may want to use a pool from some other side like CNN not telling you I don't need to do that Joe Wait, yeah, see other people's polls plus most of those polls are really so poorly anyway and for what's better? Why for death? What's that when is it right for a long or night time? Which is bigger the son of the cockamon now? I'll get out of here. What should you put on first? Yeah, the baby crap polls that they take on CNN and MSNBC give me a break Come on Joe you we don't real well, too. You got there. Plus you're sculling blows So rolling stone books up. Let's say everybody subscribe to rolling stone. This is way of saying thank to them for saying no to a Jesusthese I'm a turtable woman. You're both different from what I expected. But Elmate is all be fine. You're a book of New Japan. I'm a new, too, Daddy. How was that thing about the historical event? Which historical event could you least believe happen? Right. Talk about a pool. Are you with me or are you getting there? Oh, but what they're what I'm with right there. I just had to do it in lunch is what I'm thinking. I'm waiting for that be nice. You're having a lunch today? I had to wake up. I was talking to a dead mic. No, we're not. No, no, no, no. You're doing a dance story. Oh, we're fine. Remember that? No, it wasn't dance to it. It was Chris Baker. Or you understand this mic doesn't make room about it. Talk to you all the time. In Omaha somewhere. I'm for your part. This microphone doesn't always come on when you turn it on as you know. Right. I was still doing that. I'm not doing that in April. Maybe get fixed in April. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Hey, fixed it. I got news for it. After an engineer. In fact, I think I did more engineering. Putting these two CD decks in here. Which took me about 20 minutes. Then some of the people in that place had done the last how many years now. But third minute. Not that we had all that guy. How back and say, oh, you're the only one to believe. I was like, ha ha ha ha ha. Let me just say one thing about some of the steering people, not all of them with some of them. And that is that they are so paranoid and so insecure and like, you know, anybody that would dare criticize like Howard's nose or his hair or the fact that he goes on until he damn well feels like it anything. I mean, no matter what it is, the slightest thing. Oh, see, what's your problem with the hard and are you responsible for how it now? But if it makes you happy, yes, I got stern eyes. I make you feel happy. I got him off the air. I mean, grow up already. He wasn't supportive. He shouldn't have been on here in the first place of these people at a brains which they don't. Secondly, there was, I don't want to go through the whole thing in the two and two many times. Okay, and to try to pacify that crowd, forget about it, you know, you're picking on Howard. You can't do that. You want to bet? W2A. W2A. W2A. W2A. Hello, this is Francis. How you doing, man? Okay, Francis. Francis, Francis, oh, here. Oh, I wish I was. I know he's doing. He was doing. Do things, no one, my wife says you're going to see you for introducing us to square ice cream. Oh, good. All right, sir. You're talking about two people who hated ice cream. We tried that. And now we're going to be big bad touch. Oh, yeah. Well, doing the club. Well, the second thing is, from I don't see, what ever happened to Chairman for one? All right, he's either remembers. He was in, what do you mean, if anybody remembers? She was in Palm Beach at J&O, I think. And then she said, hey, anybody have a heart or a liver? And now she got that boy. No, she did good. Last week, her two was in Palm Beach doing stuff. And she's doing stuff in Palm Beach and radio and whatever. And when her two were in Palm Beach, she's fine. She's still around. Well, I want to go back to here. That's great to hear that. And at least some people are doing okay. And this got it for second country of ours. In this horrible business of ours, right? Oh, well. Yeah, well, yeah. This is the life we have chosen, man. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, too. Okay, hope you score. Oh, score ice cream. Why don't he start that? That's very bad. What he did to me. Pay back. Yeah, it's a bitch. Now, you already said you have had that. Right. I'm thinking of score ice cream, we're like hot fun, John. Oh, yeah, just climb into the box and eat it. Yeah. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. And I'm thinking more like in a bathtub. I got a world pool here. Just remember somebody's going to have to haul your car to side of there. And that's okay. But I'll have a big smile on my post. Oh, boy, a whole bathtub full of score ice cream. We'd like not just regular hot food, but like hot hot food. See, let me just tell you one thing, all you kids did it. This crap they tried to pass off is hot funs today. If it isn't hot, then it's not hot funs. It's just like chocolate sauce. I think they do have this stuff that you microwave now. I know, man. Oh, like I don't know that. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm asking them, expert, man. Do I kind of swear? Are you crazy? Yeah. They do have this stuff that you like. Oh, yeah. You started to sound more like Marvin the raw man every day now. Oh, yeah. Boy, boy, what a, I can give you lessons on ice cream and the, do you even necessarily turtle before I started talking about it? No. Can I necessarily turtle yet? Probably. See, I'm not into ice cream like you are. Oh, I'm not just into ice cream. I'm obsessed, obsessed. Can they? Okay, like sugar is the thing on my addiction and I put on the list. But, you know, it depends on what form it is. So much where I certainly wouldn't have it in soda. In other words, if I ever, if I, if I, if I, if I, if I, if I, if I, if I, if I give me a regular coconut instead of a dot coke, I start gagging because it's a sodium sweet. Yeah, I, I, I, I, which I understand that because I've had to do it on the behalf of the ice cream faster than you can say, but that's good. I could. I'm not that I, I have to gallon. I would say anywhere from a point to a court, depending on how depressed I am based on the, this station. I'm going to sugrade read for ice cream. What would you call it? Ice cream, aggravation. Okay. Yeah, death by aggravation, man. That's what just like Hank was saying that they, when you dive, that if there's nothing worth in stress, stress kills keep that in mind that dim would out there. Ron, pro-Zachron, stress kills. So we're going to look at Bratys, then outside you door with a shotgun and just keep up pacing back and forth until you croak with your blood sugar about 600 pro-Zachron. I think it's about time to last who him don't you or something. He was currently using for about 10 seconds, but at this point other than stress, what you consider your number one edition, marijuana, the wacky way to gan jban 53, alcohol 51, pornography 46, cigarettes 43, junk food 43, Taco Bell. That, yeah, Taco Bell sounds pretty good. Sugar 31, I thought that would be higher. I guess it's only me. I said, it's a long the only one who believes that sugar. I don't think other people believe it, but other people have other addictions. I see. I don't have any 23 perfect people better than I thought. Well, we don't believe anyway. Television 21, sports 17, Neo Rodgers 15, obsessed caffeine 15, computer slash video games 10, although it's computer dash video games. I'm not, I don't know. Whatever. I like this slash better. It's what O.J. said. Public 8, cigars 8, cocaine 7, complaining 6, heroin 4, and that's our crowd. Religion 2, strip pumps 1, fitness 1 and chat rooms 1, out of 434 votes. Everybody's got one except those whole year now. How many were there? Let's see. 23 people. I don't have any addictions. Right. Which is like saying, I'm perfect. I'm like, you know, I got willpower. I'm not fat. You know, I can't stand people who aren't fat. Well, I do like people who aren't fat. In a different way. You know what I'm talking about. People who aren't fat who are like judge metal, just push it away. All the favorite cliches of, you know, some people who've got the right genes and probably eat more than I do. They're never getting an ounce. Just push it away. Just eat smaller portions. All this other crap. You know, like every five minutes is now on TV. They got a new diet and they got the new answers. And all this other crap. And they got these stupid ass diet tins. And they want to be there for less 20 years. Well, we've been getting fat or in fat or in fat or in diet from it. And we are plugging our arteries and they're giving us a new song. And then, and Dr. Pupta, they're on CNN. Who wouldn't know as asked from your elbow when it comes to fat? They know nothing about it. Speaking of fat, Michael Moore is bodyguard or rest on an airport gun charge. Phil Maker, Michael Moore's bodyguard was arrested for carrying an unlicensed weapon in New York's JFK airport last night. Police took Patrick Burke, who says more employers him and accusted the F.E. to credit he was carrying a firearm at a ticket counter. Burke is licensed to carry a firearm in Florida and California, but not in New York. Burke was taken to Queens, Central Booking, and could potentially be charged with a felony for the incident. Moore is 23, Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyah, bowling for column blind criticizes what Moore calls America's culture of fear and obsession with guns. And there's a point there to be made, I guess. Of course, this is on the Fox News website. There's like a little shot there, so this vehicle shot and possibly it is. Yeah. But if you're going to have a bodyguard, you're going to have what good is it if he's not armed, right? Especially when your enemies are a bunch of gun-totelyutics. That's correct. A bunch of Bible-tuffers gun-totelyutics would mean nasty dogs, pitfalls, and whatever else. And so far, in two hours, 560560, oh, and all of the operations come out of the nine minutes, so we're going to carry that. Oh, no, we're just going to have to say, Abu-Gah. Abu-Gah. Abu-Gah. Rab 100 times. We don't want to hear the bush, my stroke. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to hear about it. What is this crap? I bet you're parting. What is this crap? You're Emily Teng on this. In other words, you rather hear the inauguration than this? Oh, okay. I don't want to be a bad person. I'm not sure we're lying, okay. I don't want to get mad. I don't want to hear the bush at it. How's that? Better? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's it? How's she doing? She's still doing? I've worked about how to make noise. She's in my mouth. Is it your fault? And there's always... How's that? All right. Okay, it's that the president's inauguration. We're going to play all this crap today. A big improvement. Oh, and by the way, just in case you forgot much of the world thing's bushes dangerous. A wide majority of people questioned an ABC world service global opinion full published believe that US president George W. Bush has made the world more dangerous and of course they are. Almost half of the nearly 21,000 people in 21 countries responded to the poll also made no distinction between the Bush administration and America itself. See, that's the problem we're getting a bad name because of the Bush mice. They saw US influence in the world as largely negative and view to Americans negatively as well. In another country's pool was their support for contributing troops to Iraq. Negative feelings about Bush are high and are generalizing to the American people who we elected them said Stephen Colt directed a program on international policy attitudes at the University of Maryland, which carried out the polling collaboration with the international polling company GlobalScan. This is quite a grim picture for the US. He said, yeah, for us as a new S. Instead of it for you, in Senate confirmation hearings Bush's nominee of Secretary of State Condolese arise two day agnows the need for more diplomacy and for the building of alliances. He said that you in the interaction with the world must be a conversation on a monologue. I think that meant to say US that it says you went. But typically one British contributed to the world service website Wednesday said Bush's reelection means more pollution, more war, more social injustice especially in America. He asked, whatever happened to the freedom loving forward thinking right minded people that made America the envy of the rest of us. Oh, how well he said that, right? Love it. On average across all countries, the BBC poll indicated that 58% of people believe Bush's reelected is made to world more dangerous only in three countries, poll and of course they've always had problems India and the Philippines was their majority of support for Bush and the Indians men they got the brains are little scrambled after a couple weeks ago. But even in traditionally US allies such as Germany, France and Britain as well as in neighboring Canada and Mexico, the Senate was predominantly anti-Bush anti-Bush in Turkey, US ally and the only Muslim ever the North Atlantic video organization 82% of those polls said Bush's re-election was negative a world peace and they are anti-Bush. Anti-Bush was also strong in Latin America with 79% of those polls in Argentina and 78% in Brazil describing his re-election in negative terms. In the poll, which took place from November 15 January 5 between 500 and 1800 people were surveyed in each country and the Saudi audience in part is in third. So the rest of the world is scared, crapless of Bush, how do you like that? They're scared of the America because they know they're on to them. They realize that in a course there's a ran business, they're rattling their spheres and our ran and starting to say, hey, you better watch it, you better watch it, you better not pout. Stuff like that, isn't that what they're saying? Sublet that. Wow. Oh and of course with those big elections coming up in just 10 days, on January 5. Intelligence sources estimate 150 car bombings and 250 suicide attacks are planned. I had to have a rack of elections at the end of this month on January. But, sir, man. A top Iraqi police official told CNN today, the information came galactoring interrogations of recently detained insurgents. We don't you love that word, the insurgents, yeah. We just made that up. Who said targets of the attacks with include elections centers and other locations of about being specific? Responded to the report, US military spokesman said, this is the trend we've been expecting to be in close to the election. A lot of people are going to die. But, you know, if you want to fight for your freedom, you got to die. Right? Right. Isn't that what it was all about? Right. So we can help these people fight for their freedom and die until we were told. Oh. Oh. The warnings came a day after four suicide car bomb attacks in and around Baghdad, called at least 25 Iraqis and the bombers. Several Islamic websites published claims of responsibility for all four bombings by the terrorist network led by Jordanian born Abu Musaab al-Zahqawi who has ties to Al-Qaeda. And bombing Tuesday, I said, well, we know that. We know all about these other bomb attacks. We know that bomb attacks in the area of the Saudi Arabia, the Indian Party of the Liberatory. They're just dying over their like flies because we're doing a fine job. And of course, if we can't even get to job that if we don't have enough troops on the ground in Iraq, how are we going to go into Iran and Libya and Syria and Egypt and North Korea and Saudi Arabia and Canada? You will Roger. Yes. Who's it like? On five six six. And. And just sitting around the house, we're not much to do. I got new rodges on the radio and. Hey, what are you going to do? It's a way of call it. 12 to one hour. We're about 10 years too late. You have that one thing's for great. One thing was President. Okay. Was innocent. But we've been still deep friends. And you've been saying, well, I've been fairly editing to net. And there was no stand yet. Never heard about being laughing. Was there without any luck? We felt here about my time. And none of that thing gets past. And all that frequently say, yeah, you could take your pick. Like you'd wish that from God no cell phone. No reason to know. I saw this by the racist or a police that ran you was a two-ed air with a land. This horse had to enjoy your spectrum of this. The bus is. We're smashing with good people, trying to catch him. But nothing quite feels right since 1919. 1919. But 1919. 1919. You know where I am and with me. They beat the pants off great things. We still have some users. But also there was visually and we had cell seats. Me and Hawkins. Yes, he was comforted. I was there. Yes, he survived that. 1919. 1995. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! 2000 for sure sucks. The next year we'll have more love. I can see it now. I miss out to your met house. You might even find a cure for that guy might for more. When you feel your SUV, that gas will all be free. Even when was cut to our taxes. Devices will still go down. And rather will not use taxes. O sum will be found. I know there will be babies throughout the Middle East. All these will graduate and cry rise. Will be some straight fleas lettuce. Be a great year. I sure hated this year. Don't be forced arts. Elections. And no more flu infection. Seeky will be cleaners. And start jump to a feeling. Or let's all go top. The pride is 2,000. 2,000. 25. Well, I got it. 12.15. 60. W.K. I'm good-manned. It's you too. The Mohower David and show for the seven. Because that's just the way to fell out. Of course, I'm the only one who believes that. And that's just a kind of a nightmare. Falling in front of us. And we got their hurricane stuff. Now why isn't even an Ed bit? That it's just so politically correct now in America to take a gratuitous shot of Michael Morgan on us. Right. Well, okay. So, yeah. Just like when not this last year, but here before when he made the acceptance speech for boring for Columbine. And they're all bullying. And not all of them. But a lot of bullying. And he said, oh, no. It's really that well, why not? Why don't we respect somebody. It's got a pair of big balls and tells it exactly the way was. There was absolutely nothing in correct about what he said. And there are plenty of other actors and actresses and directors and producers and celebrity type people who've taken that opportunity to get up there and open up a mouth. What's wrong with that? When people are innocent people are dying. Oh, no. You can't say that. You just are rattling his spirit again and making trouble and causing us to earn up the crap, making waves. God. What a bunch of losses, man. This is the problem. America's turning a bunch of jellyfish. Fifty percent of the country just roll over and die. That's all. Do whatever you want to us. Man, we enjoy it. Stick it to us. And what did that God called you the day? Keep dropping the box and soap. I mean, so I don't think if he dropped it like an ivory soap and a package. You know, but what is like an a box? Yeah. Like, fine. We're going to send him a couple of cases of fat. And idiot, what is soap? By the way, if you tried the S.A. and I was, no, I don't think he would. I forgot the body wash. Why not? What do you mean you haven't seen it? I haven't seen it. Get out of here. You go in any like. A Walgreens now or CVS. And you know, there's 85 million different flavors and colors in the body wash. Soap is out, man. It's not a pansy thing either. Soap is out. Soap is as germs and hair and crap. And it's like a large. It's like wash. It's like putting a bunch of chicken soup and a refrigerator and letting all the fat go to the top. And like, grab it and slap it off a handful of fat and then pick it a shower with it. It's like a large. What's that soap? It's like lava. You ever use lava soap? I have. It's like shawng with pommus with a rock. I'll miss it. It does it really. Sure. Oh my god. Like scraping your your cells off. I guess the way to scrape it, it sells off. Sure. And some of the live ones too. Now we're not going to get any calls from that one too because they'll present. He's on and I'm not turning it on for a second. And I'd rather hear that. Billy talent. I don't know. If you don't have any but my doubt it. No. Well, that's his name. I can't help it. But we'll see if we can like fake our way through. I got 75,000 more bedtime stories here, which will never get to all of them. But yeah, we'll do the best we can under very difficult circumstances because it's an auguration day. And a lot of us just are just pining our pants over this development now. It's just in can that kind of talk about that pool. That's a good idea. This one obviously went hands down. It's not on those off-sided pools. The bush could get reelected. As a matter of fact, let me go back to that page again on our website. I know your world famous. Don't forget we got the other picture of Carmelo and the Caesar. We're like the same one to me. It's like that airbrush naval. I don't care. It looks like it to me. I know every inch of that body now. I'm going to want to discover her. What am I looking for? I'm looking for that thing from the daily mirror. That's. Oh, we got the. Tick your Jesus. We got Alfredee. But we got bush flipping a. You know, there it is from the London daily mirror. The four years more of W. And there he is with that stupid stupid natural idiotic look on his face. Look at like a deer in a headlights. How can 59 million 54,087 people be so dumb is what it says. Yeah. I have that on that website forever. This is a reminder that there are almost 60 million people in America that are than a box of rocks. Never than saw to us. Somebody comes in and they just lie through their teeth. They set off a whole bunch of thousands of people to be killed based on a pack of lies. Look at the difference man. Look at difference in the way media treated the monica thing. And can a star and all that Clinton gater like crap even light water, which sure Not to be a tempest and it can be Ping pot. As opposed to this guy, what is a illegal foolier of the country so do a based on lying. And the only time you're really here about that is even a Michael Lawrence movie Or when Barbara boxer opened up from out of the confirmation This is the committee of pro-graces nomination 16 to 2 Wednesday despite reservations of some Democrats who want a voting for it. The two dissenting votes came from Democrats Barbara Baucer, California, and John Kerry amassed Chooses, a little bit too late now, John. Now that the horses out of the barn in 75 miles down the road, now all of a sudden he's trying to vote up a little bit. But it be, that it will. I choose to vote my concerns not to overlook them. I choose to vote my gut, not custom for residing in committee meeting that preceded the vote. Kerry called rise president Bush's national security adviser, one of the principal architects of policies that he said have made the United States less secure, and he's right on that. They should install it to well during the election. Meanwhile, sources on Capitol Hill said some Democrats tried to make a symbolic protest by trying to delay the vote on our rights as nomination when the Senate convenes a three to seven known three hours after the inauguration, the coronation of King Bush. Aides said boxer and Robert Pertawes were doing a plan to give long speeches opposing the nomination and an effort to extend the debate till seven PM when the inaugural balls begin, and he certainly don't want to be extended that one to ball start, right? Last thing you want to do is extend it over the inaugural balls. The Aides said, Voxu and Bird, hope some GOP members will not want to stay in debate the nomination and the vote will be pushed back till next week. So what's that going to accomplish? While acknowledging that Rice will be confirmed eventually, some Democrats want to show that they're ready to fight the president and second term, amid grumbling that party leaders didn't stand up to Bush's first term. So we got two of them now. That's a really strong showing, isn't it? Wow. Take Kennedy in on this? No. Chris died. Joe Biden. He's Biden this time. No. Do you believe or not? No. No. He's just a rubber stand. He's just a right winger in drag. It's all here. When you say that you believe or not, he sure was a drag on Al Gore for years. I'll tell you that. Dragon right down to the feet. Dragon down into flames of defeat. Okay. Even Jeff Garcia was never his name. He said, whole lesson to Backelman. Another one should have been a landslide. It should have been a no brainer. Eight great plenty years. You know, forget about the blue dress. Eight years of happiness and prosperity for everybody. And Al Gore picked Julie, or been man. All I can say that is wow. What a lunatic. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Happy coronation day. Oh God. One comment. Bill O'Reilly said, the only person that they've only people at the attention of Boxers, people in the far left. Yet he's been 20 minutes fashionary yesterday on his show. What do you expect? He's panoring me as proud of what we've been Nazis. What do you expect? I just hate it's guts. And you guys have a good afternoon. Well, I may ask you a lot of you watching him. It's like a train wreck. You got to hear both sides of it. You know. You know what he's going to say? You got to hear both. You know something. There are fewer things in the world. They make me more sick. The worst limbo people. I mean, I can understand if you're one of his sick offense. Find listen to him. You know, you know, you know, you just can't turn it off. Get out of town with that crap. I wouldn't waste two seconds listening watching, thinking about and the same with Limbaugh. Oh, but we want to hear both sides. Like you don't know. You just got through telling how predictable it was. They spent 20 minutes bashing Barbara Boxer. Like you had to turn it on to those and that was going to happen. Right? It's like it's like checking out the house. It's like checking out the flood reports. It's a find out that Miss Fudge is right in another. Lifting bashing column. Okay. Fashion anybody to the left of it. Till the hunt because Richard Melon's escape is paying the freight and he's a he's a sellout Faggot. Miss Fudge. What do you think they call him Fudge anyway? I went into that. We were just talking about it. Fudge? Well, I like Fudge. I haven't. No, not not. How much in Fudge? We definitely not the same thing. Correct. Fudge is too old. Oh, yeah. Well, I'm just like he almost did be. I'm just like a complexionary store of Fudge. Yeah, the Fudge. We like that one in Detroit. That woman was working like 85 different jobs. If I'm going to declare the Fudge. When that's an aim of it? In North Carolina where we go where I used to live. They have a really fine Fudge. Where you can watch the naked right there in front of you. Wow. Oh, but Fudge, you bite into that. It's so sick of it. Yes, we. Oh, God. They're a different thing. I like sweet. I like sweet food. But Fudge is just too damn sweet. Now, when I saw Brownie, that's another story. If you want to be a Brownie, huh? That nice warm hot fresh brownie. I'm not talking about prefabricated, you know? Brownie with a ice cream on top of it. Then you put it into the microwave. Brownie with a score ice cream on top. And a big bowl melted into the microwave. Yeah. In fact, you know what? Missed fields cookies, right? Uh, which I got one in the eating center, by the way. Uh, yeah, they got those big square fresh brownies, you know? And that would be great. Like in a big bowl with about four scoops of score ice cream on it. And then some hot fludge on top of the whole thing. And like all melted together into microwave. Just remember, I get your ashes. Yeah. Oh, hey, listen, I enjoy it. And the very least, if I can't eat it, I can talk about it. Okay? Don't know what's the thing to be on that. Yeah, like sucks. That's a little, you're like right up against the edge of it, man. You're about as close as you can get. Don't forget, Carmella, the season is on our website today. Anywhere, Andrews.com. That's where they were. 75. I was thinking that when I said that. 12 minutes passed, no, not five. 60 WQM, did you earn less than 50 grand last year? Well, if the answer is yes, how is said, you know? You could be doing a lot better than that. And the only way to do it is get a career change. And one of the smart ways to change your career to get some skills in training by picking up that phone and call our friends at fast train at 866 fast train. Fast train can have you trained ready for that new high-pain career. And as little as four short months fast train offers high demand high-pain career training. If you like computers, if you ever even thought about becoming a computer, network professional, just make that easy call and change your life forever. Start getting a big fat one on the paycheck too. Call fast train toll free at 866 fast train. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high. And like I said, fast train can have you trained ready for that new career. No time at all. Fast train's got locations all over town, so no matter where you live in South Florida, there's one close by you. There in Miami, Kendall, Pembro Pies and Fort Latterdale, I wonder how Captain Kendall is doing. Fast train offers job placement, if initially, for guys who qualify, they evening weekend classes forming now too. So get off that dead end you run right now and how probably fast train, uh, uh, boat call fast train today at 1-866 fast train. You want us to send me a new run? Exclusively, you want us to send me a new run? Yeah. Okay. You want that side my heart is your butt sheets catch my heart. You're so tired in the sun and perfect. Raccoon. You're most made me cry. Even though I have passed on to other women, I can see it in my mind and die in the river, but the sky's too bad, the sky's so bad. I'm trying too much less than I've been dreaming to rest, but they're both most normal. I'm sorry it all you've thought she's too full. You asked up all the pain, leaving both smells like just trash gas, but the teeth come to my heart and die in the river, for the squids, some air, it's quite so mad. I'm not a part of the space you know. I'm not a part of the space you know. I'm not a part of the space you know. I'm a part of the space you know. I hear when they uppoked about that Easter Sunday service, that it's quite so mad. I'm a part of the space you know. I'm happy Thursday to be welcome. The world famous hero Roger Shaw. I'll pop eyes going to be on the show a little bit later on. I'm going to say, that's going to be a little bit in the hand. I don't be talking about the Holy Father that way. I've ever said one day, and he bought a little smoke in there. And he got who he's just another Pollock. All of a sudden he's like, oh, what he's got to that line to guard. And now he's the, it is just it was. It is it way, right? Like I said, I know he's old, but I don't think he was around those days. I may be I'm wrong. It is it was my ass. Chris and four Latterdale says, I was encouraged to see that Iraqis installed a state of the computer voting system for their upcoming elections. Iraqis may have to vouch in search and send their way in, but they won't be voting for Papu cannon by mistakenly. Maybe those invertebrates know how can learn a thing or two. With quiet dignity, Chris and four Latterdale. What guess what Chris? They've been calling it. They may be cause Ohio's GOP attorney general launches re-ventient attack on election protection legal team. See, this like Carrie said, you know, when they then of course every time they heard saying something that was true and Valze, like all I didn't really mean that. Yeah, when he talked about these at a most rotten nasty dirty, you know, meaning the right way in the neocons. In the stunning legal attack, Ohio's Republican attorney general has moved for a censure against the four attorneys who sued George W. Bush at all, and in the attempt to investigate the Buckeye state's bitterly contested election. Robert Fertrakis, Susan Truitt, Cliff Arnebeck, and Peter Fkowski, were named by attorney general James Petro, I wonder if he's kind of Nick Petro, the Jackie from New England. In a filing video, a House of Incourt, Peacro Chargers, the November Moss versus Bush and Moss versus Moir, filings by the election protection legal team, were frivolous. Peacro demanding official censure and fines. How do you like that? We're fine. Oh, we're fine. Instead of evidence, contesters offered only theory, conjecture hypothesis and infective. The attorney general's January 18, and once the court of the suit said, a contest proceeding is not a toy for idle hands. It's not to be sued to make a political point. Or to be used as a discovery tool. Or to be used to win convenience or harass public officials. Or to be used as a publicity gimmick. But, to the far-red back says it's been peacro and Ohio's partisan Republican secretary of state Jake Kennedy's blackwell, who was stone walled the election challenge legal proceedings. Both have refused to submit any evidence to the court to refute the allegations in the election challenge case, claiming George Bush did not win a majority in Ohio, and Peter's office also refused to law any Ohio public election official to be opposed. Their cage has been rattled and they popped their court. Artibus said the chairman of the Ohio Republican Party is going berserk because he can't stand the fact that we're not going away. We're still pursuing the illegal investigation and illegal interrogations. They're just beside themselves because they can't withstand cross examination. And he happens to be, Peter was filing his widely viewed as revenge for the heavy toll taken by grassroots activists on the credibility of the Ohio GOP and Peter's core hordes secretary of state blackwell. Spurred by the lawsuit and extensive coverage at freepress.org and other websites and by an nationwide grassroots campaign that was escalated by Reverend Jesse Jackson and a series of public hearings about Ohio and in Congress some three dozen senators and representatives mounted the first ever challenge to a state's elected college delegation. You vote boys and girls, go get them. Or guess who I want them was, Senator Barbara Boxer. All right. She's the gal man. She's the man. Barbara Boxer for president and Barack Obama for VP. All right. Eight years for Barbara eight years for Barack. How's that sound? Beautiful. I'll carry a bit of it to me. I mean, see, I'm not going to talk about it. It gives me two to press. Like in 1988 when Herbert George Herbert Walker Bush. And the big knock on him was he was so wimpy. Wimpy died by, yeah, wimpy Bush. And then who are the Democrats picked a guy who could outwim from Michael Lukaka telling you they're in it. I think the fix was in man. And if you did a nation a worldwide search to find a wimpy or guy at George Herbert Walker Bush, you could only find Michael Lukaka, Joe Lieberman. Oh, wow. He wasn't around then. Too much. Who's busy and so will they go find president? Look at that full man. The inauguration is out right now. We don't have one call on that board right now. Look at that. Once the last time we saw this on this show. That's because of all day. All brother, you people really give me. We're trying to give you an alternative. We're trying to give it like something different to grab on to. Air B TV station. Even on your pop up postion out. Scott the accordion's crap going on. Five six seven. I give the numbers out once that I'm going to play a non stop crap. I'm going to play that music. That's a hard as the first one. No Disney child, which I can't stand this. No child. Five six seven. Five six seven. I'll just see something here. You have the phones are working. Uh, pound five sixty under Verizon. Sing it a Robis lines. There is not one call on that board. What are I telling you? That's just a few minutes ago that see they talk a good game. They talk a real good game. Oh, well, I want to hear what both sides have to say. Get out of here. Go put your head up Bill or Riley's butt okay and spin it around a few times. Put it on a spin cycle. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, that thing with some kind of laser right the other day. The thing, yeah. My wife works. It's the work for police department. And that's how criminals react. You know, they'll sit there and they'll lie and then we give evidence to them. They'll like why you're questioning my attorney. Why how do you do that? How dare you? You're very concerned. And harnesses. She could get more and more bitter. I thought this, you could see the steam coming out of our ears. That's how criminal act. And that's how the whole administration act. And you know how people can't see it is beyond me. Another thing is real quick. I know when you're on hiatus about five years ago. They had the inquiry about what happened in Rwanda. You know that movie's coming out right? Rwanda. Yeah. You know who the UN blamed on it? I'm listening. They blamed the Catholic Church in the Anglican Church of England. Yeah. For those other ones that were behind, you know, the priest and the nons and everybody going to feel for it and kill your enemies because they were not Catholic. The church. The church. The by my cutscene man. That's what they were saying. That's what they were saying. That's what they came down to. And he was listening. There's a little little pair of rap in the paper. And I should have been all over the place. I could turn because that was because they're good example of the Christian hate if you want to call it that. Hey man. Hey Christian. Hey. That's where it's at. Maybe Christian. Just ask the Reverend Thompson and our buddy and four. Lobby Dale there. It has the cornerstone of their ability. The answer to Dr. Kennedy. Have a great day, Palin. Hey, I'll see you at the board. I'll see you at the peace bridge for a piece. Five six seven four piece for the Tata. He is a piece for our Bosini. If he was still alive. I'll see. He was already dead by that time. Yeah. My Zini. Well, I mean, yes. Oh, the Tata. The family of these survivors. Right. In order to tag you. We hit three or two. For your clock this morning. Five six seven. Five six. Palin five. I just can't stop thinking about that movie. It's like I'm not really sure which I'm more obsessed with. Is ice cream or the godfather? At least the godfather won't, you know, make you more kill you. Won't put any big fat around. You go for my life. You want my life. Of course, somebody like me who's obsessed with sugar. I can always find something old food with a godfather. Leave the godfather. Take the can only. Of course. Oh, that chocolate cover can only have a door smart. Could be your hand one of those? Yeah, that effect. To die for. Oh, right. Your hood. We go to my my my is somebody with say. W to Q a M. Hello. Is this five 60? Five 60 W Q a M. You got a mind. What can we do for you? I do really believe all this before. Months and set you start. Yeah. You do. Yeah. I mean, the UN is okay. If the conspiracy with the car is, I mean, come on. When I say, come out to UN. Who said anything about the UN? That's this last. This last genius said that the UN brain anglicants for a Wanda. Yeah. I mean, those are just one. One was doing that crap and half. Yeah. That's what you say. What do you say? No. No matter what I say, there's no way to reason with somebody like you. Okay. How about real crap? Okay. Real crap. Which is like what's spewing from your lips right now, man. I'm not a real. You're like an emotional cripple is what you are. No, another bullshit. I just want to know a rational liberal argument based on facts. A rational liberal argument of what? If you say I rack as nonsense, we know they have weapons. If you've sold them to them, we have the receipt. Those weapons in the world are, because those weapons were already destroyed years ago. Do we sell them? Oh, come on. By the way, you make a very good case just like that Barbara Boxu said, they had a kind of Liza. Those weapons that they were guessing the Kurds with their own people. Who sold them those weapons? Who was over the Shaken Sotomayor who says hand in 1983? Of course we were. We were also giving weapons to our women. That's the way to work. And so what are we screaming about the head weapons? What are we screaming about them? What's the problem? It's like a child that's bad. If they do it in court, let me tell you something, pal. You can put the truth right in front of your face in the way. It wouldn't hurt you, okay? It could smack you right in the head. And you still don't have any sense. You just believe any crap. Talk about propaganda man. A crap they spew to you. And you're just a blind align. Turn on Bill O'Reilly or Russian. Get out of my face. Okay, you don't need to hear what this side is saying. Go over to the other side where you belong. The dark side. The dark side. They evil to recite. Interesting. In fact, I don't know where that but how come he's not watching the coronation right now. If you're so upset with our liberal propaganda on the show, how come you're not watching the coronation of King George's with the terror? He was in his car. He's right there. Yeah. Oh yeah. Right. Give me a break. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Time who we really believe in. No, we just make it up to get a mass head like you have said. I'm a Senate. Works like a chair. Yeah. And obviously it worked very, very well. No, be that bad. Yeah, right. Yeah, rack has got one. It were an imminent trend. See, even after they admit that they're full of crap like Condolees and it just yesterday. They said, well, they made a lot of mistakes. They said a lot of things that were awful. A crap even after that this guy, you're not going to even she can't tell on the truth that we were lied to. And of course, a half of the American population like this, York probably still thinks they had something to do with 9, 11, which they had nothing to do with line of, oh yeah, but we know somehow some way, right? Whatever you say. They were there. Don't confuse us with the facts. 27 past noon at five, 60, WQM, the main man Anthony Kelly and it would accept him's capital mortgage says it's time for new years resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards. Lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash, went and down, pulled it out. And investing in real estate are at the very top of your list. South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US, so I keep so much equity in your house and pay high interest rates. The main man's new year's resolution is to give back to the community. So this unit partnered with Kids in Distress with a track record at 25 years of helping over 5,000 abused in the black-ed children each year. Except in Stample is donating the importance of all commissions that every close loan of this great cause. What's six kids have his own the main man. It was how important being a parent is. So forget about calling anybody else. You need some cash called the main man Anthony Kelly and though at one AAA for a three loan. That's one AAA for a three loan or go to the main man dot com and for your application out right online. Here's that number one more time for the West Coast. One AAA for a three loan. To us into meal Roger. On 566. To A. And now the Bill Ryle's career as an businessman is on the skids. Come on buy and check out his new venture. It's Bill Ryle's pleasure spin zone. I've always wanted to drink wine so fast as it was being introduced intravenous. You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure and bill ryle's pleasure spin zone. I call mine with the new snant. Bill's got products so hot we can't even say them on the radio. In fact he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere. Wow. That isn't appropriate. Stop by Bill Ryle's pleasure spin zone today and get a coupon. Good for one free to lawful rub. Plus with every purchase of a fifty dollars you'll get a free. Thank you phone call from Bill himself. Wow. Wow. Thank you. Wow. Hey. Is that it's Bill Ryle baby? Do you want to go walk a walk? Uh. I was going to see. Thanks for shopping in my store into the world. What's your wear and baby? I gotta go. No we don't hang up to the world. If I go. I know you're boss. Still Ryle's pleasure spin zone. Putting the old. Ain't all Ryle. What does he do with that filth? Just rub it. Oh. Oh, 33 at five, 60 WDQA. I'm so anyway, that kind of call before it's start the hour. I mean, that was so distressing and so typical. So I'm like somebody calling in. Oh, Jimmy, obviously, New Rush Limbo. Yesterday he spent the whole show ripping levels. Wow. Can you believe that? I'm shocked. My God. I may have to tune in and see what that's all about. So I can be familiar with both sides of saying. Let's play Judy Collins in both sides now. What do you say? It'll kill some two. Yeah, kill something. Here's our poll. Other insects. What do you consider your number one a dick in five hundred and four eighty votes? Alcohol booze. 67. Merrill one or 64 right on the heels of that. And of course, the two didn't go very well together. Sigurets, Nothian, another one. I'll three go together. Good. For anography 56. Continuing. I'll go with junk food 49. Continue's going to get sugar 41. All of those go good together, right? Right. Internet 32, TB 28. All of those. I can just see a combination of these. Can't you? Oh, I got a picture there. I don't have any additions. 28. Yeah, right. 28 people in this audience say they're not addicted to anything. Oh, right. Right. Sports 22. When the home do we put that on there? Oh, it came over on the facts and I'd hear the break. Sports 22. I got your clearance voted for that. Neil Rogers 21. Even though those people at all, I'd liberal propaganda. I clearly would dig to the watching sports night actually. Oh, no. Playing the comfort bed. Kathleen 18. Computer size video games 15. Gambling 10. Sigurets 9. Cocaine 9. Complaining six. Yeah. Caroline 5. Script pubs 3. Fitness 3. Religion 2 and chat rooms. A pair. The most curl of my, how you said that word, P. E. R. I. E. L. E. Tyrell. Tyrell. Yes, I. Pure aisle. In honey. Oh, look at how you said. Got the Yahoo. Perkins. Oh, those words you see in print all the time. You know what it means juvenile, childish. But I never, I don't think I've ever spoken before. Just like that word, S. A. T. I. Remember that? Don't do it. Oh, we can't do that. That was a funny gag. For, yeah, that was cute. It was a yard pie at the time of spontaneous. But anyway, yeah, childish. Forget about parot. I can't even say it. Childish is a lot easier. Plus they understand it. So, yeah, Russia's not going to live. What are we going to do? What are we going to fill a rally? Said that cotton. Lisa was a goddess. Yeah, what do we say? See, this is the problem with most people in America. They can't think for themselves. So it's sucked in by whatever the hype of the day happens to be. Whatever the hype to your happens to be. Whether it's Bill O'Rowlin is right wing all spin propaganda. Whatever. That foxing man, they ought to take that and just find a big island somewhere. You know, they call all the fox people and all the people. They're a Russian tomato. Maybe just in Montana would be good. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. There's no way. Fine. No, no. Part goes into a Dakota. They can. Yeah, so how about soft Dakota? Is there anything we're dealing there? Not rush more. Badlands. Oh, I see. No, no, badlands. There's nothing there. It's vacant. Stark. I thought Stark was influrited with used to have a rusty. Sparky. Sparky and rusty. I thought Rusty was a dog on a church whopner. No, Rusty was the, he was bailed. He was bailed. He was the bailer. He was excuse me. Rusty was a dog somewhere. Trust me. A fight at the dog named Rusty. Just go look outside. Rusty. Columbia sex rat play former gritter couldn't hold. And this is so cute. It's so that New York Daily News couldn't hold his liquor. L.I.C.K.E.R. Luckily to be deported. Okay. Keep that in mind. eyler. There's whistle. Play with Newman because all of the thing is that it's not your party, because if we don't play cringey now, then, 2012, in chopper .P comparison, this is a sechs  super deb defend. What's this problem? What's next? Frogman. Everybody does this. That's Kekos and this is Lselling. A few days later, we've done a on his 200 hours in the Clave amnesia yearne finally. On one of his dinner was 30 years ago. We've did now, tyres were stronger, for us. Of course we had. Golf tasty ladders when it came. amend is banking, Germany casinos going in to be a It was the key letter. Well, what difference is it making me want to more and more not? That's a punishable by going to jail looking somebody's feet? They don't want you to damn spray. What's the commitment? I don't know if you want. I guess you must have been. But the conviction means probable deportation for the alliance football escorted back to a native great Britain's lawyer said. His plea came on a eve of Jewish election with a 20 year old victim poised to testify. The woman who was since left Columbia was not in the court, but Manhattan's Supreme Court justice Jeffrey Atlas said she is signed off on the deal and then he shrugged. Before we took this plea, I went out of my way to ask if the complaining witness was in a court, Atlas said the judge also ordered personal to register as a level on sex offender and they should not order protection barring in contact in the victim. The fence attorney Brian Wallace at immigration officials already have lifted personals green card and of schedule may be deportation hearing. Then it will teach that silly as grit to be running around looking people. According to a criminal complaint, personals stood in the co-eds room about 350 in the morning on September 14th of last year. When the sleeping victim will work to find a defendant looking or feet in toast without a consent, when she yelled for the slightly built corner back to get up, he held her down and all I see, while she said in the beginning, held her down and sexually abused her, causing her pain and several injuries to complain said, why didn't say that in the beginning for a Christ's sake, huh? Jesus, the girl left the door unlocked because her roommate had lost her key. After the attack, the student went to university medical clinic told her roommate and friends about the incident, but she didn't notify authorities to February because police said she was too scared to come forward. Prosecutor Martha Sterley said the victim has left Columbia because she's getting a lot of ridicule from classmates, especially personals friends. Waller said his client decided to plead because he was the uncertainty of trial where he could have faced a minimum jail term of three and a half years of convicted, personals who lived in Fort Lodderdale and his mother left court yesterday with a comment of he sent in his March 16. He lived in Fort Lodderdale. Was that something he needed to know? He lived in Fort Lodderdale. I wonder what Cecil Collins, what he thinks about that, huh? Just take it into room and get in there, Licks. Yeah, that's right. It's a thing in South Florida, man. Just bust in through the window. Just take the screen to the door. Or just check and see if the door is unlocked and just go ahead and take a peek. So boy, is that right? Is our sports nerd a people would say, oh, yeah, I just wanted to take a look. So you ready for this pronunciation? Yeah, pure role. Pure role. How many of you heard? That's what the dictionary says. The online dictionary with the hero, audio pronunciation. See, that's why I never said it because it's just, I mean, it's kind of a role. Let me hit it again. Oh, I froze it up. Pure role. Or you're playing that off of Guayahu? Yeah. And then I just killed it. Pure role. Pure role. Sarah said it was like, parallel. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I mean, I'm not going to lie about that. Like, I'm saying that in the lecture, I'm a moron. And I thought I did. But I'm working for it. Pure role. Anyway, childish juvenile, all of these things. You're a major meal, right? You're really just a reference. Five questions, six questions in and. Go, life. All the heartburn. Go, go, go, go. Every time I see. Go, go, go, go. That's a hard idea, which. Go, go, go, go. I see these words. These present in the twirl. Revolgant muscle in. And in our kingdom is it. I don't know why. Say what, what does y'all have a nice ear. There's more to that for you. I can't. Represident thumbs. I can't. Fuck. Oh, what I can't. You can't move on small. And guess who we go, vote it for. All right. Here's your one, there's. Don't go, don't go. It's drama stupid. Don't go, don't go. But this drug is rich here. It's a total dollar. Don't go, don't go. Easy, good. Don't bother me. Please present in the twirl. I don't know. There's no care what it is. You got on the end. I hope her girl will be Christian. I hope those words are true. And I'm a hell co-finger. We've got a great leader. With president thumbs. Fuck. I'm so tired. Fuck. I'm pretty proud of you. Somebody who brought this new two years new. Not good, man. I've talked to a lot of people. I've talked to some of them thoroughly. Brights have been very bright, but not a lot of them. There are a lot of them. A box of rocks. I still find it almost impossible. Impossible that this man could have even had the election closer to a fixed it. Yeah. No, no, no. I mean, how is it possible? Like that front page thing in the mirror says, how does 60 minute people be so stupid? Well, they are. Oh, and I got, I don't want to get the Josh Curtis upset because he's very, very militant about not only David and Boring and how great he is, but about how bad Avril Lavina is. Well, the channel that I'm like, the greatest people you know. It's an MTV 2. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, guess what video they just showed? Nobody's on the Avril Lavina. Then good video. And pretty good song. Do you say so? Well, I mean, do they put like, like, would you expect to see like, uh, some actually Simpson on MTV 2? Yeah. Or Hillary Duff? Yeah. Pretty much. Get out of here. I'm TV 2. I don't know. Yeah. Probably. I think I think when you said, I don't know. I think that was the honest answer. Why? I don't give it. Avril Lavina her do. I think it's because she's Canadian, eh? That must be. I think it's a ethnic thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Said to play a lot of baby crap on MTV 2. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I mean, why would anybody have a problem with Avril Lavina? I mean, she's cutesy. Her music is okay. It's not like she's going. She's kind of like, uh, I don't know. We're trying about those sports castes. She's like, you know, she's better than Joe Buck. I give Joe Buck a seven on a scale of 10 as far as sports casting. I give Avril Lavina an eight on a scale of 10 as far as her music and her videos and her old ambiance. I'm George might agree with that. Eight. What do you give her? That just started. Okay. Well, what do you give the fart? Nine. Oh, oh. What do you give her on a scale of 10? I, the her music is not particularly my style, but I don't know. I'm not talking about that. That's a freaking, uh, I give her a seven or eight. Okay. So what's wrong with that? That's not bad. I can 9 or 10. How many of you recording artists are like a 9 or 10? Josh, not many anymore. Sorry. No, they're out there. Such as, am I a bit? Yeah. An incubus? I like. Yeah. Sublime. Blink. Yeah. We know the stirb. Yeah. The stirb is good. It's about it. System of the down. Yeah. Oh, man. Get my CD. Can't sound it. I rock it. I'm still. I'm going to go on a call. Oh, why? I'm going to get in the forest. I'm going to go back to the hospital home and I'm going to go home alone. I think it's, uh, this is spectacular. We're not putting some of that in our operations stuff on it. But we won't. Not a word. Not a sentence. Not even like Abu Garrabe. Absolutely nothing because I will not be notified by, uh, I mean, you know, I can't change anything. But oh, boy, if I had the old magic wand, wow. Let's vote again. Like that bit says. Let's vote again and see if we can do it right this time. This is not possible. It is not possible. That's just going to short. It started with Reagan. That's when the moral, the oral majority in fall well and par Robertson, all these other right wing lunatic religiousities, fakers started rattling their political spheres. And now it's like they've taken a hold and cut you over. The hate mongers like Reverend Thompson and Dr. Kennedy fall well and, uh, Robertson, all of these people. All of these people. By the way, you see fall on a couple of days ago. It looks like I think they did the same bicycle pump to him that they did the Chris Myers on the SPN. He always did have a fat hit. But now it's like about four times the size of what was before. See, I guess that's what happens when your, when your boys, when the election man, when you get put the big fix in, you get a 12 head. Start looking a little like Jerry Lewis. WQAM, hello. Hey, you know, hey, you know, yeah. What's going on, man? What can we do for the family? Hey, that car melanin. You know, I pulled her up on the website. She's absolutely beautiful, man. I'm a pristine man. Oh, man, who is she? She's an actress or what? She's a model. She put just a. Yeah, she's exactly what you see. What you see is what you get. Don't ask too many questions. Just enjoy it. I do view a bragging about her. She has a big good man. There you go. Hey, listen, I know my flesh man. Hey, that's the way I like to muffins. You know, hairless man. Okay. It's right. Oh boy. I'm going to a Taco Bell right now. I'm going to come back. Huh? I'll see you somewhere. I'm going to Taco Bell. It'll be swell. It'll swell. It'll talk about you. And then we'll give you some score ice cream. Now, see you started that was so bad when you started with that. No, yeah, you did with the microwave. Waveable hot fudge. That. I mean, God only knows what's going to happen into a clock. I'm addicted to sugar. I put it on. That's why I put it on the pole. That's for me man. Sugar sugar. I'm admitting it. I'm desperately reaching out for help. Please give me a life wrap. Please. Or maybe some honestly turtle would be good. With some of the little chunks of turtle candy in it. They were out of that last time I was in a store. Thank God. But they had score. How about that guy at sea? Well, do the same thing with score ice cream. We did with fish food a few years ago. Fish food's great. I don't see fish food around that much anymore. Do you? No, but I don't look for it. I mean, I always check out the Ben and Jerry's because if they had the coffee coffee crunch, you haven't had that. Yes. Oh, God. Wow. Now, how about some hot fudge on that? Or I got an idea. You know, that big bowl I was talking about? Yeah. You take the big bowl. You put in like two scoops of score and two scoops of that. Coffee coffee crunch Ben and Jerry. And then you take the like hot fudge. I mean, we'll hot from the microwave and you like ladle the whole bunch. And then you talk it off with your cream in a couple of big meruchino cherries on top. And you drizzle a little bit of the juice from the meruchino cherries like on the whipped cream. Oh, my God. See, if anybody believed there is a God, if there was a God, he wouldn't let them invent this kind of crap that's killing us that tastes so good. All the stuff that's supposed to be good for us, like spinach and broccoli and cauliflower and carrots. By the way, I told you about the baby carrots, about how they grow. Nope. They don't. There is no such thing as a baby carrot. They're made from carrots from big carrots. So no, they shave them down. They shave them. Anyway, Carmella is on our website for 90% because you haven't. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. I know that I got my new care clip or maybe I'll search save in some carrots there by square time. Hello. Not there, busy pausing around. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Excellent. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Have you been a little ruler like that? No, excellent. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. It's been a little ruler like that. We can take care of the run. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Yeah, Neil, please. Speaking. Neil, yeah, I got to retract his statement the other day. Stanley Harris got killed, the Pirate Skull, not the place for today. Thank you. Okay, nobody cares. We didn't care yesterday, and we still don't care. All right, we don't know who Stanley Harris says. We don't care about the Pirate Skull, get a live pal. Okay. Could have left it alone in the first time, nobody would own the difference. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, I got to set the record street. Go ahead. It's kind of lizard-rice. Yeah. You see that big gap, too? WQAM, hello. Neil, yes, sir? Hey, I've been on your website checking it, Paul. Yes, sir? I think you guys might be missing the number one answer, especially for this crowd. And what is that? Mastervation. Yeah. I'm glad that he mentioned that, but of course, I guarantee a choice wouldn't be. And then we say sex other than sex. Right. You know, it's not like a former sex, all of me we would have to like draw you a diagram. So what did that we bleak it out? Okay, Joyce said it doesn't approve of that, or even saying the word, martial arts, the act. 560, 560, pound 560, and the Verizon, sing it a wireless line. So he's kind of liking that. It's like spending a lot of his time. Yeah, and that endeavor. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? You know, I've looked at an years song that you were just playing about George W. Right. Remember when I was a kid? We can't play in him. Yeah. For being so stupid, it's the idiots that voted him in. Like the car where you had on and off of people with the fish on the back of their cars. Right. We got to thank them for the message. Well, now, let's see. You know what they say, water, six, it's on level. That's why he's there because he represents over just over half of the American population. Those red states and Yahoo Redneck in breeders and Bible-thumping Jesus Christers. And that's why he's there because he's, he's their guy. They can really feel it. It's sick. It really is. And Leafs spawned Bible alone, by the way. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. Leave that sponge alone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, yeah. I mean, these people are crazy as a bed bug. It's the purple-ticking winky. It's fun, five-day pants. Crazy people attacking cartoon characters. Of course, we know about the characters on South Park. I mean, you watch that. You definitely know the body of hell. Satan writes that. That's what George's chances are. Right down the turlet when he's there watching that. Actually, there are like two or three things we can still, I'm not going to stop that. There you go, play that. For the private. And that we can't play that one. What we can play that is. Job's a good, good. You can play that one. Yeah, we can play that one. You can play that one. Play it, paper, pick me. Yeah, and we can certainly also play. You go to hell, you die. Yeah. Or. I heard that. And I'm not going to read that. That's not the right. That's not me, yes. Yeah, and of course, there are George's very different days. My husband is a lost out of hunger. No, that was okay. It's going to be a good brief. Lawrence, I don't believe that made it extra long. Thank God. Oh, I don't get a rat's appetite. Yeah, that's good. I think that's enough. Ha ha ha ha. What a, see, and that's part of partial of the whole thing now. That's, that's why it's so ridiculous. Stuff that we used to play every day. Nobody complained, even the moral censors. Nobody gave a crap about it. Nobody gave a rat's ass. And now you can't say this and you can't do that. And you can't have a cartoon with a bear ass. And you know, how much crap I've been seeing this for a sense of favor, since that whole, that was just an excuse that Super Bowl thing. That's just an excuse to do what they're going to do for a long time. Sure. And it's start to do an espacious crap. But there's censoring everything in sight. And then Michael Powell's got the goll the other day to say, Oh, well, you know, we don't want to censor stuff like radio. As a matter of fact, we really want to, we want to strive toward achieving like a complete free speech. Right. Sure. You're doing a hell of a job, Mike. You're doing a fantastic job. All you are as another cell. I'll just like your father on the ear of cell out for the, the self-employed, as Jesus Christ is on the far right. That's what you are. Just try to pacify all the goodly two shoes. They've politically correct Bible-fumping, funny, volony crowd. Who are doing everything that moves. Man. I think that, I think this company needs a good power movement. You are listening to Neil Roger Sitz, who is his lady. I'm five six six six. You're eight. The round is no hour. Oh, right. Maybe one of the shoes that we're lacking in the call. They provided my type will be true by the dawn. You're seven. And seven is the one. You get out of it. I don't think one. Take a look. Don't panic about shit down. We got it. I'll be looking at seven. You got it. We won't attack this above. We got it. Where is the small piece of the, the rock solid? You sing non-elevatives with their gut to do this. And they really go through the old town, party, car, to do this. You've been, you've been, you've been. What they say and they check like they'll go on the tunnel. Oh, as they knew the music, the stage of the stage. So they've more, they too. Maybe on that chamber, we got it out. Push it out, it's getting into the tunnel. Oh, get down on your knees. You got it. When we can't even say the, your vice president's first name anymore on the year. And it's really said in America when he's the vice president. Right. It's one in five, sixty W to Q I am. Yeah, and some of these people out there, or can't believe there's anybody's spot and liberal stuff on the radio. Yeah, right. Everybody's got to be a right winner. Everybody's got a goose step along in a line. Everybody's got to be a fascist Bible something aluminum tick. See this is what they can't believe. What is actually coming to the left of Hitler on the year? Oh, that's got to stop. Guess what? Ah, Marine Dowd is also another liberal in the very liberal New York Times rights today. Don't know much about algebra. Remember the same cook. Don't know much about them. What's the name of that song? What a wonderful world. Yeah, our car funk will do too. We're pretty good. Everybody read this. Anyway, Marine Dowd rights law, as someone as the president of Harvard, has been pilloried for suggesting that women may be biologically unsuited as they've seen the mathematics. He may have a point. Just look at kind of these are rights. She's clearly a well educated and talented woman, versed in Brahms and Bolsheviks, who just have been rewarded for her loyalty with the most hummusimately second Bush cabinet. Yet her math skills are woefully inadequate. She can't do simple equations. She doesn't even know that X time zero equals zero. If you multiply 1370 dead soldiers times zero weapons and mass destruction, then equal zero achievement from his rise, who have the president vice president Ben Boosley the country of this war. Was Connie after doing figure rates at the ice skating rink when she should have been home learning your figures? She couldn't spend much time studying classic word problems. If two trains they should conquer with noon, one going south at 20 miles an hour, the one going north at 30 miles an hour, how far will these you've gotten by midnight? Otherwise, you might have realized that if two cars leave the bag they're imported noon on the main highway into the capital of Iraq, neither one is going to get there with any living passengers. Our 22 months of war have not ended up to that one major highway is being secured. It's lucky for Ms. Rice that she's serving with men who are just as lame at numbers as she is. The secretary Paul Wolfowitz couldn't be bothered to tell the correct number of dead soldiers when he testified before Congress and his boss Donald Rumsfeld didn't realize that using an auto-pens signature and more than a thousand letters to the relays of fallen troops ends up to zero solace. Our new topic, the matter is obviously not mastered fractions when she asserted during her confirmation hearing that 120,000 Iraqi troops had been trained Senator Joe Biden corrected her saying she was off by a bit. His calculation of training Iraqi troops is actually 4,000. Herz was 30 times there. But, too many men. Maybe she's confusing her probably in hypotenuse. See, there she goes again. Hypotenuse. You ever seen that word in print? Not lately. Her geometry is skewed if she thinks she'll not be more powerful than Rubian Dichini. Then she knows that the Pentagon has more sides than her Crawford trying to withdraw Georgia Laura. She could least have read the Da Vinci code. Then she would have learned about five on actually numbers that were occurring mathematical pattern in nature. When you invade a country, you should expect an insurgent serious. Five on actually matter calculated it. If you kill one Gihai, it's two more arrived at the biggest place. If you kill three, five more pop up. If you get five, eight more appearance so on. The incoming Secretary of State and her colleagues are Alas also lousy economics. After Bush officials promised that the Post were expenses were recovered by Iraqi or Alvervenus, we find ourselves spending a big and dollars a week of our own money. Ms. Rice and her fellow imperialists know so little about physics that they urgently jumped into spooky action at a distance, turning the country in hope to make into a model democracy into a training ground for international terrorists, a nucleus where new generation of radiographically dangerous genetics. How could they forget Newton's third law for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction? The administration needs a lesson in subtraction. How do we subtract our troops and replace them with Iraqi troops while the terrorist keeps subtracting Iraqi troops with car bombs and rocket propelled grenades? Condy may not know Einstein's theory of relativity, but she has a fine grasp of Chinese theory of moral relativity. Because they're the good guys, they can do anything. Disassembling to get into war, flattening Iraqi cities to save them, replacing these unique conventions with unconventional ways of making prisoners talk. The only question the bushy's know is this one, might equals right. It is puzzling that if you add x no exit strategy to y, y or we there, you get w2, George Bush's second inauguration. At Condy's hearing, she justified the Bush administration's vis-a-vis adventurers by saying, history would prove it right. I know enough about history to stand back and recognize that you judge decisions not at the moment, but how it all adds up she told a skeptical senator Biden. Problem is she's calculating but she can't add. For now, Sand Cook is right about the bushy's, they don't know much about history. Pretty good is using the more in-depth, it's always asked to throw a couple of words in there. I had potteness, I mean I know what that is, too, but once I'll ask to any southern imprint, geometry class. And of course, the five and odd season, I thought they were like with superior. Where they were once protecting a freighter one of West Coast. 560, 560, pound-560, and a Verizon and singular wireless line. How can you be spotting all this ant high-boist, oh Bush's god, Bush's our leader. Yeah, god help you man. You better pray there's a god because he's not the one that Bush's praying to. Other than sex, other than sex, what do you think is your number one addiction? Alcohol 77. A cigarette 72, mirror joining is 71. Everybody smoking smoking if you got it. It'll carry up a who cares. For Niagara 365, John 261, sugar 47. I thought I'd be like up near near the top of the list. Why would I rather be like back in a mid-pack? Then there won't be so many people grabbing for that ice cream into store. The internet 43, TV 37. I don't have any 32. Yeah, we believe it. Not me. Neil Rogers 26 sports 25, caffeine 23, computer slash video games 19, gambling a dozen, cocaine 11, cigars 9, complaining 8, just like that guy that called me for. Where? Where? Fill a royally stuck in bed about the vibramoxet. Let's see, strip club six, parallel one six, fitness four, religion two and chat rooms two out of 663. Well, if you more votes, it will have guess what? About 30? Three more votes, it will have 666, no. Oh yes, you know, I think Lisa is going to call back. It's a lucky. Why nine is calling? I haven't seen that in a long time. Do they QAM hello? Yes, hey, who's this? George? No, Neil. Neil. Guy, you know, this comelette girl, you have on your website all the time. Do everybody wants to know? Yeah, she drives me crazy. You guys, she's driving everybody crazy, right? That's where she's there. Well, wish you, she actress model both both. But why do you care? Because like I said, I can't get this out of here. Well, I will find out what during the break. I'll Google it again. Okay, I'll get that to IMDB thing. There's really not much there. You play they. She's a playmate. She's a model. She's a actress of sorts. Like every model playmate is an actress. She's been in about a half of a movie and she's there. Just enjoy. Just Google it. Why do I have to do it? You know, good. I am DB. Look up Carmella. Ditches on it. The Caesar and enjoy. Right? Right. Don't complicate things, man. We put it out there on the plate now. Have a great dinner. WQAM. Hello. I am a friend of mine. I am right. I'm off our time. I'm crying. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Hello, man. Yes, sir. I have the written in your show for about five years. I've come to the conclusion that this is the double program. Right. Is this a, and even practicing this voice, you just started with it? I just started today about men and the go up and practice and while I've been on hold. Yeah. Sounds like you've been practicing something else. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. The pound five, six, the only Verizon and single the rivals lines. Keep practice and man practice makes portrait. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Great job. Yes, it is. You're revealing full food. I believe that. Yeah. Come on. I think somebody just said he's ready. Close your eyes. Well, he said it's a revealing pool. And of course, the booze thing. He said, I believe that then he just reached for the glass. He said that was the school of bothersome. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only Verizon and single the wireless line. They may have been a mid-leave in the material anyway. WQAM. Hello. Media. Yes, sir. Ah, I don't want to put it both. Video game. It's time to start this. Computer science video game. God of thanks. Get lost. Media is a flu shot doses go unused. After all the long lines of flu clinics. After all the anxiety over getting the shots. Federal health officials don't have a new headache. About two and a half to three million doses of flu by scene are going begging because the states haven't asked for them. That includes about 20,000 doses turned on by Kansas and about 36,000 plus to five by Missouri. While several quantities of flu by scene often go unused in a typical flu season, the serious shortage of vaccine is serious made health officials all the more determined to make sure that shots are not wasted. With the word, and I used to get a flu shot. Don't do it normal. Do you flu shot? Never had one. Josh. Uh, maybe early in my life. Out that I can remember though. People sneak up and poke them with guns. In the honest hands, you just get this straight answer. You guys like even during the inquisition they had. Well, of course they had better. Maybe that's what we're going to have. And we already had Georgia's inquisition. Maybe it's time for yours. Who needs the flu shot? I think it's just other scan probably. With the worst of the flu season likely yet to come. Officials say there's still time to get a shot. We've got a shot. This is a time on the vaccination season. Usually over said, Gene Santoli, if you are sentenced for disease control and preventions, national immunization program. But this is still a good time to be vaccinated. The disease hasn't peaked in your community. Well, I'm kind of peaked by hearing all this crap. Santoli said, I mean, look at me man. Old diabetic outer shaped fat, tub of crap, fat. If I had it, when's the last time I had a sick day? I don't know. You keep beating them. You keep it almost two years. Almost three years. And it was when I was down there. I had to, uh, TIA again because I was down there getting stressed out. Eating like a pig sitting around eating eating, eating, watching TV, eating, eating, going to the track, eating, eating, eating, eating, watching fat words, eating, eating, eating, eating, you know. That was it. That's, um, in between your scrubware. And that was it. See, the more I'm there, the worst it is for me. It's a very serious handshake of my health thing in South Florida. Just a whole ambiance, a whole lifestyle. I walk more in one day here than I do in, uh, any year in Florida. Where are you going to walk? Where are you going to walk? Maybe go to the soccer ass in park as far as you can from the, uh, green, the purple pyramid entrance. What the hell do you go to the bathroom? Yeah, that's about it. Walk after the garage about 10 steps. Hoping to your core vet. Drag to wherever you're going. Walk about 10 steps into public. Don't get a bunch of ice cream. Which they don't even have the, yeah, I guess they probably do. I don't know. When I was home, I didn't bother checking ice cream at publics because we'll all be of a craft that I was eating. I didn't need any extra incentive. Oh, here's the, for all you hockey fans out there. How many, uh, panther fans and really hockey fans we got in South Florida? But, uh, the mad ride. There's just a little tiny, it's not even a way a whole or next year. Cost certainty will be a component. See, there you go. Jeff Murray, finally, slung with bill waters. There's still talking about it. You want to know why? Cause they got nothing else to talk about. It's a hockey team network, uh, channel without a, uh, hockey season. Kind of a challenge wouldn't you say? Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What did I just say, uh, I said myself. It's all over the world, I guess. So I turned out to see an end momentarily. It's just, oh, I've got you spilled this ball martin. And, in fact, we said that, you know, in all of our subsequent meetings, all our meetings from now on, there would be discussions. We would be measuring progress. But, to be fair, that's our very boring prime minister, Paul Martin. Wow. Talk about a dead fish. Anyway, so the deal is this, the last hope for the NHL hockey this season may rest in the owners hands today. Ready for that? No. Hoping. Yeah, you are. You want some hockey, baby. Come on. Hoping against. Hope you want to hear. Gelly. But you're some names and miss it all up. Hoping against. Hope that the other suddenly will rise up and rise up against Gary Bettman, salary Catholic Sation. The NHL fairs association is believed to have called it executive counsel to guess what city? Trudder. Trudder. The next question is, in the second case, today's the day two showed out with league representatives for this is unexpected progress. That was something happens. They'll be there. Oh, okay. Let's do it. The size of the NHL lock out will mean in Toronto today, continuing discussions at the beginning. Yesterday, with secondary level talks at Chicago's Francis over here airport. Sources said there was no significant progress yesterday. No philosophical shift that would save the season. Instead of four score and five-story years of Santa Cup continuity, both sides agree that the time is almost runoff for hope on a 2005 season. There can be little doubt left which side wants to play hockey and which seems content to watch basketball. The affairs associations making all the concessions doing all the employing and is always running in the Veterans' demand for a hard salary camp that would be illegal less collectively bargain. The players laid a step at the same of the season and saved the sport, the open embarrassment of not producing a stand-up cup champion. For the first time since the 1919 Worldwide influenza epidemic produced five hours of secondary level talks yesterday. The highest speculation arose that the size made of the scarce ways of gradually buffering. Now, butterman, it says buttering. Buttering, the PAs offer of a luxury tax on the league's 30-minute dollar hard-camped demand. I think they really meant buffering, but it says buttering. Now, it was slamming it on. Other speculation suggested that the owners may have sought away for the players to guarantee that their salary rollback offer was on savings in Beijing. Sources said, however, there was little movement. A veteran was like maybe a couple of good bowel movements and look at the time now, I'm way past for the break. And the most encouraging outcome is they were the simple agreement to continue talking in Toronto today. The parties had a good candid dialogue in each health vice president Bill Daily said and several developments as well. Well, thank God for that. How do you like that? Well, you're misted, man. After Eisenhower had a second heart attack and we had to read in the news. I keep saying this because you don't believe me. It was in the newspapers that the president had a good bowel movement. Now, I don't just think that's important news that American needs to know to be reassured. We heard a lot of things. We heard a lot of things. Colin for like months. Oh, God, almighty. 114. If, of course, I didn't have an astrologer like Nancy, so he was a little more concerned about things. 114. If, 560 WQF Armstrong for like president and general manager David Rich called a slice week to announce that he's overstocked with Mustangs. He's an Armstrong fordable blowout these new 2005-6 solar mustangs for as little as 17,900 bucks. That's a savings for you of over $3,500. If you can. Plus, I have a couple of 2,000 form models left and get this. They'll let these go for just 12,499. The original MSRP was 18,60, which saves you over 5,600 bucks. Great deals plus Armstrong ford is always, includes tires and batteries for likely to be a clue by it. Great prices and value and friendly service that's the Armstrong difference. No high pressure, no BS. They feature like family. So when you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the theater at 3-Jig. Great Armstrong ford home set. Southwest PO7 3-US1 exit a Campbell drive off the turnpike. You can't be third deal. Pressing food all, factory rebates and discounts with a food credit plus tax tag and fees. You're listening to Neil Rogers. It's exclusively on the 560. Sheaters host Joey Greggville in our crack detective. Sketch up with actress, Percy Alley. And you will believe what they uncover on an episode entitled New Year's Resolution. This weekend on an all-new cheater. Have you seen no those spots you do on TV? No, I've seen her on TV though. Do any crank interviews? Oh yeah. And she comes on says, I'm fat. And I think no shit. I'm fat. Wow. She's not fat. She's like a huge tab of crap. How is gigantic? Her elbow is as big as some cities I've been in. God is she enormous. Cow. So she's doing Jenny Craig. And God if we can do Jenny Craig and just all look like her pretty soon, we'll have it lit. Speaking of that British guy. 560, pound 560 and the Verizon and Singapore. Is the coast clear? Is that thing over yet? The inaugural, I'm sure must be. The inaugural balls? I'm going to try it. Here's our only call. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Who the? Neil, who are you calling? Oh, I know. I'm calling you. Oh, okay good. I had a fact that I was going to be saw it as from Dan. A facem Dan. Yeah. Dan Reno? No, not that Dan. Dan Kelly? No, it's a Dan from Miami Beach. And what about your Dan? Yeah. Well, what was it about? Give me a hint. Give me a clue. Why? I have a song that I did. I just want to know if you want to hear it. Listen, look at the aligns. You're just dead. And I told you, they're all, I worked up at this inaugural stuff. Why really blew it today, man? I apologize, don't I? No, absolutely not. You want to get yourself involved if you want to wallow it and mud with this fan of Mary Little Nazi. You go right ahead and have a good time. Okay. I for what I'm trying to perform a public service to our entire audience. By saying, hey, here's an alternative. Stay away from that crap. Don't get yourself depressed. Just blew sky at OK. Just pretend that this didn't have it. Was just a bad, bad nightmare. And we wake up in the carriers in there or anybody else. Right? Right. The rest of our businesses, just pop off an interior of the huge improvement this point. W2A and hello. Hey, no, I don't buddy. I'm coming to the panel. I'm right. Hey, listen, I got it. Cause a little water going. Said that this is the devil's program. Yeah. You can't turn the thing off, buddy. Now with that whole thing was a phony voice with a phony, you know. You're warning. You think like I said, you'd be a Reverend Jones. Yeah, probably. Yeah, you. W2A and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. He came here at Chris the alley commercial. And she says, I'm chubby. She was chubby about 120 pounds ago. Yeah, chubby. She's fat as a cow man. She makes else you the board and cows seem like she's on slim fast. And the only reason for washing many of these inauguration ceremonies today is if there's a car bomb. Like I said, I mean, it was just a matter of time. Well, yeah. Yeah. 560 pound, 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. We're going to come to your house. Man, we're going to get Luca Brassie and Faber. We're going to meet the spot out of your ass. I'd like that, pal. Huh? Don't be talking such trash, such crap on our high rated show. Well, that's right. From our at this time, we'll be like immersed in those numbers. Wow. Oh, yeah. And of course, there's muffiners. Oh, it's going to be great. We're number one. Well, let's see. We'll see. Let's not cut our arbitrage. We've before they hatch. Mr. Who'd hell those with all the jerk and the audience around? One minute's Howard Stern and it's Hank and then before that it's Joe Rose. And who knows what that'll be got on. This station's had more morning shows in last few years than Curtis got pills. I've never in my life. I never dreamed that I could work on a radio station that was so erratic and unpredictable and outrageous and irresponsible and it's crazy people. Great. Lunatics, you work for a lot. Not like this, not like this. At least most places I worked to show it beyond for like six months a year or something like that. Not every five minutes. Oh, one day it's Howard Stern and it's Joe Rose and the Mojau would David in. We just keep swapping howards is what we did. By the way, in case you missed it, it was my fault. Any of these things, right? All of these things, my fault. Joe Rose, Howard Stern, Howard David in the big old. Oh, whatever. My fault. Y'all do your course. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. WQA in Hello. Oh, yes, sir. W. WQA in Hello. W. W. W. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I got afternoon. I'm going to do it now. Hey, no. You're going to call it. I'm going to go for it. You would talk about parking in the restaurant. Yeah. Learn how they invite. Turn right full of all. Perkins pancakes? Yes, sir. That's outstanding. I'd like to know. They got a call. They're in a couple of holidays, right? But I know they don't want to write about it. Yeah, but it's not as good as two days, though. No, not two days is good. Two days is a fantastic. Okay, thanks for the man who's seen. Here we go again. The food pushers, but that's good news. I didn't ask about that yesterday because there's so many good places that just are in South Florida because they know that there are too many people in South Florida who just gum their food. They have no teeth. They have their teeth facing in the glass while they're eating. No, that's true. I don't. When the average age is death plus 10, I mean, why is it good restaurant going to come to town? We got a few, but oh, no, I heard moldy of it. They talking about all the good restaurants. I heard like, that was the same day he was talking about Dick, what's his name? Stockton. And in fact, I think that was the day they who's like, they're kind of like, they're carrying on. They're coming about the cities like Boston where they have a great restaurant. He's talking about how South Florida has so many great restaurants. And we got a lot of restaurants. I don't think we have that many great restaurants to you. Not like we used to have. Of course he's a Howard cumulately anyway. What does he know? WQM, hello. Hello. I want to thank you for any of our restaurants when he gets to feed free and he kisses as much as it's here. I want to thank you for exonerating my name. I'm the devil. And obviously, okay, great. WQM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? You. All right. Hey, listen. It's amazing to me that you intelligence level on this world. People that wait for time to sing hello and pop up. Right. Hang up. I'm a showman. That's what I show us out of that. Listen. So people like me that I do for living. I say I talk to neurons for hours. And that's what I tell him. I always tell him that. It's a sad. It's a wait to sperm. I mean, I waste of a life. Anyway, listen. In my, my customer base, I deal with 90% of some material. I mean, central village. And it's just, yeah. And it's just crazy. Just mind boggling, stressful. I was kind of actually thinking about getting into the broadcast business. Do you have any pointers or recommendations? I have one recommendation. Okay. Don't work for QAM. No, my recommendation is don't do it. No. Why? You can just have the question. Because it's a nightmare. This may be 20 years ago, then. Good idea. Not now. There is a broadcasting business anymore. It's done. It's finished. Wow. I'm 25. I'm 25 with an early 20. I think you've sent out about seven years old. Yeah. I know this enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. By the old. Enjoyed you and that dog the most with all your guys. A little happy with it. Thank you. Okay. You two, Charlie. Stattle of the business. Oh, God. That's scary. Sound like a good guy. Stay out of this business. Don't do it. You'll be so sorry. I regretted putting a mental institution within six months. I mean, did this listen to what I was just talking about only moments before I took the quality of the revolving door. The sales department of QM and revolving door. Not just at our station. The whole business. Take a look at me for example. There's an example for you, right? How many stations is he worked at the last seven or eight years? About three minutes. Yeah. He's at IOD. He's at QOM. He's at 850. He's at 790. He's got the ankle bracelet on. He's over there. Do a this thing on TV. What is a Tomahawk buddy there? What about that guy's name? That guy. Wow. Forget about a man. Well, the best piece of advice I could do to anybody. Do not get into this business. Worst now than ever. I was said that years ago and now I beg you. Don't do it. I would say you lived a regrett. But you might not even live a regrett. You're a young man, pal. You've got your whole life out of you. Don't do it. At least to people with cemetery village. You know, good for a few laughs behind their bank. Oh, hey. Plus the good thing about cemetery villages. Just like just like when I worked at KAT, which is starting at a great new format. By the way, January 31 with that compulsive gambling bill. Paper crit. Um, is that all those old forests that used to give me crafty raw dead? I'm still going strong. I feel pretty damn good. I was one evening nine on the scale this morning by the way, Mr. Smarty pants. That's pretty good lately, huh? That's dead good. Yeah, that's damn good. That gives me like a little cavity near the go out and so on. No, no, like your gas tank. When it gets empty, fill it up. Don't do it. I'm going right in the Taco Bell say, we're just with a sack. Fill it up. And then I'm going to do a little tap dance right over to Dominion. And I'm going to like open up that ice cream freezer thing. And I'm going to take a look in there. Take a peek. And I'm going to score people grow these guys looking at Carmella disease. Anyone want to score? I just want to look in the ice cream freezer there and just score a little bit. Pop things. It's Jim. Devon Miami says toppings it's coming cuticles and shoes. Okay. Those are her three addictions. Pop things. Uh huh. I caught a lot of cool. She's got an MLD Marko Spanish. 26 after one. At five and 60 WQM, hey, listen, resolve yourself to have a great night's sleep in 2005 or your long and for a long time to come by making one easy call. 1 800 mattress. Easiest pieces shopping you'll ever do. Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way you feel on your daily health and productivity. They get a good night's sleep and you can get one tonight. And like I said for a long time from now on actress if you make that one easy call right now. 1 800 mattress. If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or lumpy. It's time for a new one to us from a complete line of silly. Sir, a Simmons King Quill, type of idiot and stirrens a bit and is foster too. And Donald mattress continues to live in doing for years now. They take same day orders all day long from candleless steward pombage to Ford Myers and used to get to pick the date and to our delivery window as convenient for you when you're going to be home. When you want that mattress delivered and guess what? They show up on time. In fact, their delivery record is unbeatable 99.7% of the time. They're there to the second. Donald mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Church Award for Wrestlers. If you want to find out live and use these host for years, call them once you'll never go back and waste your time and money in the bidding and department stores again. Just sit there on your ugly fan asked him call him right now 1-800-MATRES or log onto their website, mattress.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATT-T-R-E-S SORES, it means a new rosh for sex, squash for sex, and a rosh for sex. The Middle Eastern World will be exploded to nomad people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a gristered nation at the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the New Ferto to Manta for right wing is really good over and over to our head. That is right, as of. Weth is a vast destruction. 3,000 people killed are not for button. Let's exploit them instead and their loyal to me, Dominic. Going after Satham to, playing Kato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Lodden, but no it's easy to send all of them to be in complacent, believing every word of this archaal administration. Package drove us by fear, community, and manipulation and a right wing is really good over and over to our heads. And I read, as of, weapons of mass destruction. I'm dying out of here. I've got grip, a lot of civil rights is the right that we're paid. We're all suspects now, not the ass, proper things. I have nothing to hide, table partners all are saved. I know people in battle don't have any reservations, powder provokes, battle and world annihilation. Old regimes must fall, and how does Berton and Stoke, with no objection at all, tell the crackdown of the balls and the right wing is really good over and over to our great boss. And, let's go to the right, as, uh, weapons of mass destruction. All the right, as, uh, weapons of mass destruction. The fight went for that, for fact, to provide some things to the fight that caught earlier. I hate to write the news to you, but just two days ago, we got the final report on those non-existent weapons of mass destruction. We brought the weapon, the secret is home. They've been grilled condolese about that yesterday in her confirmation hearing. So maybe if you'd like watch some TV or read a newspaper or even go on the internet and find out what's the way to go out in the world. Instead of just getting all your news from right wing, uh, bags of wind, maybe you might know what's going on in the world, pal. You know, the one who's giving me a song that it's about the weapons that are really there. Yeah. Hello? Down here. Okay. We have a communication problem? No. Oh. 134. What does it have to be eaten lunch? God, it'd be gone on. 26 still 25, 60 WQM. Oh, wait to hear this. I don't need, I'm not going to do any of the tour of comment because we don't want to get Joyce all that out of shape. Although I certainly could. Maybe I will. The Florida Marlon Zerask in the state legislature for $16 million to help get a new state even keep the team in South Florida. Josh. Do it. Well, yeah, you say do it. Do it. There are a bunch of you, man. Can you imagine a money he's written up with at the Marlon stuff he's doing? Plus he gets to sit up there with David and boring, a real hot shot. Now, what's going to happen? Who's going to do the color line again? Is that the boobies going over to TV? Who's going to work with the van boring? Who can say? Maybe you'll be in line for that. What? Why? You don't aspire to do that? I haven't thought about it, but it's not like even if I did, they just throw me in there. Well, who's going to put in there? The beast looks the Marlon's that are hiring the person's right? I understand. It's not like, I'm on the top of their list. Well, why not? In other words, you said something to cross them, well, don't do that. That's the good real off-time. And I'll let you to say how to speak her Allen Benz, Marlon's president David Samson. Remember David Samson? I can never follow that, sir. Is it under Samson or Delilah? I forgot. I didn't put it in there. You didn't put in yours? I put it in mine. Oh, it's in there. It's in there. It's in there. It's in there. It's in there. Oh. We did it. Anyway. They did it. We did it. Samson says that only does the team need a new ballpark when they were tractable roof because of windways and fan discovered. But also because of the team stadium, we still have to be new to that in 2010 because Wayne told him, good last year out. Samson is seeking $2 million a year for 30 years. He said that money would allow the team to borrow $30 million. Not 30 million. Why do we enclose the current funding gap toward a $360 million stadium? The Marlon's have deadlocked with city and county officials over plantability. 38,000 seat retractable roof stadium near the Orange Bull. The Marlon's have offered to pay $192 million of the projected price tag with taxpayers picking up the rest. This entire transaction and in fact the future of baseball in South Florida hinges on securing a sales tax rebate from the state. Samson wrote, Samson's letter described as the money is a rebate, but under state law the money is actually a subsidy that does not depend on how much sales tax revenue the state generates. Samson also asked, then existing two-minute receptionity for the Marlon's that they knew the name Dolphin's state informally peep park. Be reassigned that they mommy dolphins that don't know Wayne Heizing who wants all the Marlon's and is the team's landlord. State law prohibits the team from getting more than one subsidy. The letter comes after Marlon's official visit lost Vegas in December meeting with Mayor Oscar Goodman, Oye. About a possible move. Benz Republican Panama City said yesterday he hasn't studied the Marlon's new request for plans to review it. Senate President Tom Lee Republican a brand-new real hard ass appeared less receptive. Wait till you're what he said. He said, I thought we had already appropriated money to help to move to Vegas. I was very disappointed that they publicly announced that negotiations and discussions for the last Vegas, and I don't negotiate with terrorists. He said, I'm not a client at it. Man, we've appropriated money to help to move to Vegas. We're a clown. Probably some Brandon. What do you expect? He ever dropped your Brandon a night of, oh, that's a member on the way to Tampa. It's for a month and a half. Why then you know what I'm talking about, Brandon? It's like, that's what isn't that where the lightning played their first season and the cow pasture? Yeah, I went to a couple of games. They were playing with that tense that tempted the arena. No, remember that? Brandon is not that bad. So it's all right. As compared to what? Two-way. It's compared to sweet water. It's compared to what? Amocally. Yeah, Macho is a dynamite, dynamite. Perfect. I heard JJ took retirement there in Macho Lee. Not JJ Walker, Jimmy Johnson. Anyway, the marlins have been asking for the estate's help in securing a state in for seven years. But more urgency was added to the biggest push for a ballpark. After P.B. Park, a official told a marlins last month, they will not be allowed to play there after the 2010 season. In 2000, Governor, your fat ass Governor, Jay Bush rejected an attempt by the marlins under the then owner John Henry, who was a hell of a race horse. He was the sign-up sure of the racing ministry, a Coina Phil Georgia. To build a new park using a tax-on cruise ship passengers. Are you following a this good? No. In 2001, 240 million dollars. Thanks, Craig, for new park data. The final day of the legislative session. And it took last year by the marlins to get the 60 million dollars somebody also failed. So they want some money, honey. If you want the marlins, cough up some cash. That's what it boils down to. And I got over there in Brandon, man. What a redneck heart ass. Wow. Terrorist, my ass. That's pretty, pretty extreme, I would say. Pretty radical. And by the way, Josh Cordis wants to mow on the stick in a mouth. It's going to be so working with Dave Ann Boying. Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addiction? Alcohol 86. cigarettes 81. And of course they go, I mean, hand in glove, right? Right. I always think of Lauren Bacoll when I think of Boozen cigarettes. Okay. And Humphrey Bogart. Well, all those movies back then. That was how to drink at a cigarette the same hand. That is correct. I'll build Holden by the way. Had a bottle in his hand when he found his body. Oh, what got that? For anography 77, what was Bill Holden? A bottle. And you know what the someone they heard of boys? Anybody have a heart or a liver? For anography 77, Marijuana 76, John Food 69, you got me going on a food crap on Bri of said. Sugar 51, the unit 48, television 45. I don't have any addiction 35. Lyr, Neil Rogers 31, sports 31. What's after 31? It's 26 with caffeine. Computer slice video games 22, gambling 13. There goes the money and along with your money. How does that go? Here comes the money and the money and there goes your money. Well, we don't want to say that. People in the dog track love me already. Don't they? They do love you. Well, I'm just saying it's just an old funny line. Here comes the money and there goes your money. If you're going to gamble, take the money like I told you. That's discretionary income that you can afford to lose and have a good time. Have a great time. Gambling 13, cocaine 11, complaining 9. Yeah. There's nine script club 7, heroin 7. Fitness 4, religion 2 and chat rooms 2 out of 7 and 4 2 votes. It seems to be once upon a time we did a similar one on this pool and we had a lot more heroin addicts. Interesting part of that is they're all dead now. So I wasn't wondering where to that part of the audience goes just that they're all dead. Got it? Got it. 19. I still think, dear, I was pretty good in that movie. What's the name of that movie again? I wrote it down. Hi, everybody. Tom? The Irish something earlier. The last of the high kings, a very mediocre movie with a real hot sex scene like toward the S.N. If you catch my grip, if you're less than 50 grand last year than you're a piker by any standards, except maybe Josh, who's going to have two nickels to rub together. But does he have a big 60 to infinity B.C. What is it? 60. See, it's shrinking already. And his income as well. Well, if you got that problem, it's time for a career change. Pick up the photo call fast train at 86 fast train and be sure to tell that Todd to call. They will do their laugh for hours when you see that. Fast-waking every train to ready for a new high-pain career and ensure this for a month because they offer your high-demand high-pain career training. If you like computers, if you thought of becoming a computer never professional, call fast train at 1-86-6 fast train. If you're unhappy with your job, if you haven't taken any money, if your boss is a real smuck, get with it right now because the demand for computer professionals is an all-time high. And fast-waking every train to ready for your new career before your blink. Fast-waves got locations in Kendall. Miami, Pemper Pines and Ford Loverdale. The offer job placement, financial aid for people who qualify as well and the good news is they, evening and weekend tests are forming right now. So if you like a make-up, big change, it could improve your life in a big fat way. Call fast train, toll-free, 1-86 fast train. On 5-60, you can see air. But there are three students. Moe knows, oh, they're feeding surgery. There's a plane case of dry runs. Cut off that left. Moe knows financial planning. What do you think of money laying around in cans for? What if you put it to the bank? Moe even knows biblical theology. And I for now. I'm a little bit more quiet, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why you turn my shoulder? I'm just doing it. You're not going to head. 135 and 56 to the moment himself. He'll be here 47-7, noon following two hours of the, um, Mount Meddog, who's between Iraq and the Harp Place. It's very sad. It brings a tear to my eye. The way things are like going down. Isn't that kind of cast of dark cloud over the entire proceeding there? I'll be the only one at season that way. I'm going to call her before that two-way Maxpert to just start listening to show that Howard Stern, a sick of ant, who just started listening, but I'm the only one at season that we've got to have all these problems. Yeah. Josh, what is he doing today? Is he like a cat and nothing? Is he like smoking a fat woman? What is he doing right here? You've been very off your feed today, man. Anybody got to get you some mascara? All right. I will. Don't use a skull. Anything because with an SK, how about some school for a bit of a pinch between your cheek and gum, pure acupoints, right? Real man. And then you can like spit in somebody's cup there and then they can start drinking it. Why do that? Because, story we had the other day. Maybe the water not see. Spitner water cup. Oh, I love. I pay to see that. Oh, my, no! She is a real treatment. But I've never stopped the rift or because you never know I'll be suspended man. Suspended a sentence. Because you can't mess with anybody any of the chief's girlfriends, boyfriends, intercircle man. You don't mess with them. You're running as you share boarding the US or anywhere to react and speak in a mess with people. Your ran accuse the United States of trying to disrupt its nuclear negotiations with the European Union by evoking the threat of a military strike and war in Washington would respond to any unwise measure. With reliance on enormous popular support diplomatic capacity and full military capability, the Islamic Republic of Iran will firmly respond to any unwise measures of a plan for a ministry spokesman, Hamid, Riza Asfifi, Saddam St.man, respond to recent comments by US officials. On Monday, President Bush said he could have a lot of resort to military action if the US failed to persuade Iran to abandon a nuclear energy program. It charges as a cover for developing when a bomba. I sure hope they don't have those aluminum tubes. And you know how much we keep hearing about Valerie Plain when Joseph Wilson is a scandal. That's not a word. Not a word. What is this? What about Paul? What does that say? Paul Pills? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paines? Paul Paine? Well, I got to ask, guys tomorrow that's it. I'm writing a column under your belt. And you say you got a term when you've heard 35. Jim J. Paul Paines, hold on. Well, assume you guys are not ready You've already been standing here. Maybe. Tell us about daddy's Tarzan flash off. If he's dead you'll get him dead. Good. He's out. Well, you know you don't really see the picture. be, okay? As it be. From a distance, U.S. Secretary of State President of Condolese Arrise also called this week for World Action to keep Iran from building nuclear weapons and repeated day, it's correct to Holly Islamic Republic before the U.S. Security Council for sanctions. That's that impudent U.N. and it's so bad and evil, but when we need to have somebody you know, somebody come in and intermediate, we call on them, or at least we go through, we go through the motions of it, and then we go and bond the hell out of somebody. We see such moves as a psychological campaign and political pressure, our stuff he said. He said one of the aims of the U.S. administration was not to help and encourage Europe to peacefully settle some of the disagreements through the policy and talks, but to disrupt the Iran EU nuclear talks by pretending they're unsuccessful. Oh, we would not have to do that. You don't want to like to mess with those neocon plans, right? You're nuts in the full-way plan. Yeah, I'm messing up all my plans, man. Can you give you off the hook-time? For all time, say. Can't do it, Sally. And then with an out of the head, but I'm being, that's the end of Tessio. Once he ever go to normal, he sleeps with a fish. Is this? And that's where that came from. Why did today put him in a show name fish? Huh? There you go. I love the thing when he brought in Luca Brassi's vest. Right. When I create, he's looking at Brassi. It's an old Sicilian message. Luca Brassi's six with Ephesus. He was so good in them. They're all great. We are Godfather intensive. We're score ice cream intensive. We're food intensive. We're, that's another one. For the list. What? Addicted to the Godfather. Okay. Just the Godfather. I have to say that get some votes. Stop, stop, stop, my man! Yeah. Yeah. All right, Tony, right now. I think girl, it's going to get some votes. It's a matter of which. That's what you write in this game. It's a song. From all our comedy, would I young girl? That was there? Uh-huh. That young girl over there? Yeah, that's a big fat, uh, respawn over there. You know, she's in Godfather 3. Remember she was at the, you know, you're a little cameo, right? It was the, by the way, was the Manucci Foundation. Yesterday I had the Saducci, Saducci, but it was, the, the Sanucci was the Dante, who took him to the Godfather. But it was the Manucci Foundation and Godfather 3. That's, uh, Sofia Copola. She's given him the, uh, and he, I want to present you with check for 80 trillion dollars, uh, for the, you know, whatever. For the Catholic Church. Well, and of course, the implications in Godfather 3 that there's corrupt in the church. Oh, no. All those references to the Vatican banking scandal and that guy committing suicide in the hang of himself. Oh, that's really bad, you know, this existed to my peaky, panky and the Vatican church, like maybe under the Pope's robes even. Maybe that's why he's hiding something at cash and so that poor know they got over there. When are you people ever going to learn when are you going to stop? Subsidine. That guy to call yesterday. It's enough to break your heart. There's a guy that's one. There's one guy, you know, finally saw the light. A little light bulb went off of we're sent to hand. Not going to continue subsidizing this, uh, petta file organization. This corrupt piece of crap. All those poor celebrities man all over the world, and especially in Latin America. Oh, brother, reproducing like rabbits. Oh, and then, oh, and the store we had yesterday about Spain and the condoms, right? They said, oh, we didn't say them like that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, they know. Yeah. I guess the folks written this sent a whole bunch of bishops there, they're more solid children or something if they didn't cut the crap. Oh, we didn't say no, we're not recommending condoms. What are the what are condoms? They have nothing about it. They said something about a Trojan horse that's about as close as they know. God, they were talking about current. Ah, kind of we have those little kind of good like those olives in the U. M. T. Spanish olives. Of course. Boy shops said some supporters presence urge to press van on same sex marriage by the bigoted in the end of all his historical Bible something God squad. That's the fact it's the fact it's the first they're going to do this. Then I'm going to take our children the fact it's of course that I worry about the Catholic Church. Except maybe Bob Jones. He's worried about president Bush came under far from some social conservatives yesterday for saying he will not aggressively lobby the Senate to pass a constitutional men in banning same sex marriage during a second term. Oh, my God. Probably the state is Tony Perkins. Oh, my Tony Perkins. He was a different Tony Perkins speaking of the pan King House people. President the family we search counsel on other right wing Bible something funny. Well, always when you see any organization with the word family and I think right wing think Nazis. Okay. Tony Perkins president the family research counsel and they rank and file Bush supporters. Inundated the White House with phone calls to protest Bush's comments that interview published Sunday in Washington Post. Clearly there is concern among conservatives for a concert. I believe there is no important issue for the president's second term that the preservation of marriage. How do you like that? For a bunch of crazy people. We have almost 1,400 American troops in Iraq where Iran is like I'm a bubble right now. We're like right on the edge. We can't even put them on a fast enough we're spending it so fast. And the most impressive pressing issue is the preservation of marriage. In other words, to put our bigotry in the law, constitutional amendment to make sure them fangots don't get married. Yeah, it seems to start a time-minnery of focus on the family. See there's never word again. Focus focus on the family. He said, I'm sure that the White House headlines are letting up all over. See, one thing about those bastards man, they are far business. They are driven. They don't mucky around man. They light up the phones. They send the telegrams. They got them up to their armpits. Like Howard Beale said up to their chin and telegrams there. In a post interview, Bush for the first time said senators made it clear to him. The amendment has no chance of passing unless courts strike down the defedible defensive marriage act which protects states from recognizing same sex marriages conducted elsewhere. Childhood is to the actor, pending in states from California to Florida. And speaking of that, after 27 years together, Nancy Wilson and Paul Schwannweather got married last summer. Massachusetts along with thousands of other same sex couples of one of their unions legalized. Massachusetts right now is the only state that allows gay marriage, but Wilson and Schwannweather went to their homestead of Florida to recognize their union too. They're attempting to get that recognition. Noah soundly rejected yesterday when a judge is missed their law. So it upholding a federal law that lets states ban same sex marriages. Again, another reason why they don't need this constitutional amendment is divisive and hateful sick thing. This is illegal shot heard around the world said attorney Ellis Rubin who filed the lawsuit on the women's behalf. You know, there's a guy talk about a turnaround. He was right in there with an e-dibron. He was one of the biggest of all folks and all of a sudden now he's a Mr. gay rights. He's a mercenary. There you go. He filed the lawsuit on the women's behalf. He said we're not going to give up. This case is that a result of the U.S. Supreme Court. And I said that since the day I filed it said, Ellis Ellis Rubin Rubin, Rubin I've been thinking. Also, Wednesday, the Louisiana Supreme Court unanimously reinstated an anti-game marriage amendment to the state constitution that was overwhelming to improve my voters in September. So all you facts out there, you want to get married? Come to Canada. That's it. No problem. We'll get to hit the gay white North and then go back home. 154 at 5.16 WQM. The Emerald Coast wants to wish everybody a happy New Year and I proud we're not even still enjoying that fantastic lobster fest every Friday to Sunday. The Emerald Coast is forward as number one, Asian-Gorma Buffet is rated by the Impressions Against Restaurant Review. In addition, Emerald Coast's Audit can eat buffet. Now you can enjoy succulent juicy, main lobster, served thermator style. Start your mouth watering your experience with a choice of six different soups and then sample dozens and billions of Oriental treats including fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce and a whole favorite whole roasted duck and hazeln sauce. Also enjoy the brand new sushi bar featuring over 30 different items. And if you still have room after shoveling all of this great fresh good stuff on your throat, Emerald Coast, I'm going to swirl the zirpard features fresh goodies like tiramisu and new state they are chocolate fondou found. I wonder what it's got like hot fudge. Just stand under my mother's smeared on your head. Maybe I would shave my head for that. Huh? And poor hot fudge on it. We're just to pour how much to fudge off my head. And as it dribbles down your cheeks, you can just look at it. Don't forget the Emerald Coast Pro is healthy living, cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol, freak and olive oil. No MSG added no crap. You'll never hear a headache when you walk out of there just to make smile on your post. Emerald Coast Relocation for Yensan Florida Sunrise, Sunny House Beach in Pembro Pines for Reservations Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Lot of imitators but there ain't nothing like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Painful girl in the East, I'm for you, sir. For sure you'll find 60-70-70-70-70 Miami Fort Lauderde. Joe Boe on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God! Lenny is asked to marry her. What day won? And then all you can eat breakfast. There's no more than just a lot of food. I'm not a choice, dude. Baked in pancakes and eggs anyway, I want them. I want sausages, theville sausages that look like daughters. Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together. What is that? They don't want to warm under a heat lamp at some fast food place. I want to warm under a heat lamp at Lenny. Tell me I want one. I want bacon really spawning and leans the one you pick it up. You should have dupesawed your finger. And eggs with the yolk broke until they're hot and they're rotten. I want to serve by a fat solid wager so the must-task. So I am excuse the stiffer. Hey, man, can we fetch now? Hey, don't want to stay in line. I want to wait in line. You get seated for a really long time. They do not have any, Lenny. Lenny. America, there's a new all you can eat. Grand slam breakfast venue at Lenny's. It's everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more of it at room temperature. Hey, that's a Georgia Strait room. We can get some live spots for them. If that's what it work on, are you going to dress Lenny's and they find cute. I'd like to do two days man. I wish somebody would call on him instead of just coming in and telling me how great the Hank and I sound crossed it over in the morning. Hey, Birchard, go out and tell some spots will be good. I just know what they are. You know, we're warning. So that's right. You're going to cook by go there. Yeah. No. Okay. Well, I'm going to go to Taco Bell. Okay. And it's going to be your fault. Now I'm going to go and pick up some score ice cream. It'll be your fault. And then I'm going to come home and pass out and get sick. Oh, that's right. Ratings one to two tomorrow. Mad dogs coming up next weather. He likes it or not. And then we got them all four to seven. Bye, bye, bye.