This would be the random center when it was the national car rental party. Yes, it's the center. Very good. Hey, Elton, you're fair. Anyway, you're responsible for really destroying most of my day yesterday. You watched that, didn't you? Yeah, I know you. I went to lunch. No, no, if it wouldn't have been for you and every mood of dream to turn like that. It was pretty fascinating stuff. It was a fascinating only from the standpoint of two things. Number one, displaying what a tremendous waste of time and taxpayer money was. Once a bunch of bubbleheads we got in Congress. And number two, showing what a bunch of lying TV. You know, I got a Jose's book right here and I want my money, but you're the one who went out and bought it. It took him two years to write it and that's why in the meantime he changed his mind. All of a sudden. So I think there ought to be a big sticker on here saying, oh, don't buy this because since I wrote it, it's all stale. I changed my mind and steroids be bad. You know, I'm going to tell you, Eliana Ross, late in the middle of the day. Thank you very much. This is the Mochi is the poster child for everything that's wrong with Miami. That bitch. You know, something new. She didn't ask one question. No, you know, you were rambling. You know, I'm asking one question. I'll tell you what I said at the beginning of the show about. She was like to see and write, how does this remind you of anything? I'm going to have to excuse myself. But before I go, I would like to say that Mr. Corleoni is one of the most prominent rich sitting in the father. And I want to say something about the Italian American. You know, this doctor, you could talk about bowling and she would find some way to turn it away. Cuba, Fidel thing. I mean, you could be talking about selling what kind of home and touch. You're going to eat it for him. And she could talk it into a Cuban Fidel thing. She is the most obnoxious disgusting, simple, vintage, whoever came down to pike. And I'm not sure who looked more stupid. Her Jose or Mark, I don't want to talk about the past, McGuire. And then, of course, born again, occurred chilling with his god and a repubines. You don't stand that girl. Oh, man. I think, Sammy, you know, what one of the highlights was, you could just slip at the time. But one of the cognizment called Sammy. So so. Mr. So So. That was great. I love you, my, I mean, I don't know. So I believe on it. It was my entertainment and it was worth it. What? It was worth taxpayer money for me. No, it was not high entertainment. Every time that I had to another question, they'd go up and down. I can't answer that. I don't know. I'm going to say about that. Yeah, I agree with the current. Yeah. I'm debating to say it. It revealed a lot to me. Like what? Like what? Like the whole problem with the whole deal is Donald Fiery. I'm going to start with that bud ceiling is the congressman from Shilling's district in Boston or from the Red Sox district. It was great. He didn't like Shilling off the hook. Shilling said, well, we can, we can police ourselves in this matter. And he said, well, you've been telling us that for 30 years. And anyone back there to me. Boy, Q and being there 30 years ago say, yeah, steroids was a problem. And yet this commissioner claims he knew nothing about it. 20 years after that. Yeah. I mean, it tells you everything. That was one of the Republicans from Indiana was pretty good too. But every 10 years they're getting a little bit tough. The chairman would interrupt while all the house rules say that any public testimony, we can't, you know. And then they would say, and plus you're out of time anyway. So shut up. Yeah. So they never really let him go after anybody. I thought, I thought, I thought, man, for me. I mean, I had never seen him in some kind of public setting before. Manfred Man. That guy is ridiculous. Yeah. And he's a guy who negotiates for the owners. But what was a is the color of money man? Jose can say go. 16, street. Ross Layton sitting there talking about Ashie. What? This school of block away from the park where he went to school. And how she hopes to go with talk to those kids about bad steroids. Does he? Well, she was a little busy, but she especially wants to come and her good post personal friends, Raffee and Sammy. Yeah. Sammy who had the court fat. Yeah, Sammy, who all of a sudden is Dominican turned a Cuban. She, by the way, looks like she's been doing steroids herself. She's a little fucked up. Her head looks like a guy who's a man. I think her hair do a guy who looks like her husband. I guess you'd be doing pills too, you know. Yeah. Oh, brother. I remember the little person going on probably to much with this Terry Shavobin. If you think yesterday's hearings were really captivating, wait till Terry, Terry's going to be called to invited the testify before Congress. This is the scan that they're pulling to prevent them from removing the tube. I want to clock today. They're calling her to testify. So as a result, if anybody interferes with that, it's going to be a federal crime and they'd better not mess with that tube. They're just, actually, she is right now. Of course, you're going to go there. She's going to go testify. And I want to say that would be very captivating. I don't think she'll probably see more than Mark McGuire did. I'll tell you, I'd like the representative from Missouri too. Who he asked McGuire some tough questions, which he didn't answer. And then he referred to the highway named after Mark McGuire like it's an embarrassment. He was very good, you're right. He was terrific. He wanted to kneel him to the cross. But this all happened yesterday, right? Yep. Well, just remember one thing. We're not here to talk about the past. That's right. That's all he had here to look at the weekend. I'm not going to lose him much. He was still embarrassing. I mean, he had Roy's written all over his red, uh, pimpley, groutesca face. I have a question for you, Neil. Yes. And somebody wrote this in the Boston Globe today, uh, a writer where we always speak. One of the problems is we don't have any comments down here. You can go to the reading and good about this. But, uh, Sean is he, Dan Sean is he in Boston wrote that he thinks this could cause McGuire a problem with the whole of fame. Do you agree? Who cares? Oh. Don't want to talk to you. Or it's serious. No, no, that's not it. It's not a question. Tom and sports. I mean, just who cares? I mean, Ty Cobb, I believe we did this before. I told you, as a member of the Ku Klux Klant, this is not him from getting in. Everybody knew that. I mean, it's that they brought Pete Rose's name up. Pete Rose and she. This has nothing to do with the writing. I mean, I asked you this, okay? Who do you think is the biggest slime ball, the biggest lower, the worst low life, Mark McGuire or Pete Rose? And I agree with you, Pete Rose belongs in there because it should be because you know what, I don't think that has any, you do with Pete Rose being in a hall of time. No, I do. I have a question. Answer the question Mr. Perinoia, who do you think is the biggest slime ball, because they both belong in their Mark McGuire or Pete Rose? Yeah, I'm not talking about what happened yesterday. Mark McGuire is a, he's like a, a Boy Scout compared to Pete Rose. Yeah, but Pete and Pete, I am near, you, you are arguing with yourself because I agree with you. He belongs in there, but that's not my question. In terms of low life, this is Grace, my God. Yeah, Pete, this is a great, I think I class guy in a world. Oh, please, this is a story about him at the race track. He makes Larry King look a lot. I don't just sign for anymore years. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Three more years. This is a news, by the way, we don't want to talk about that. I said that over to you. I'm glad you got it. What? The Larry King. That's yesterday's news that was on yesterday. Oh, was, oh, yeah, was it. What was it going on in the park about yesterday? We're not here to talk about the past. We're here to talk about Larry's future for about another six months to leave Croaks. Well, he in an hour. You know, something that I bigger part of, he in an hour. Well, you mean extending their contract. Yeah, we're talking about croaking. He has a matter of fact, R&R radio and records since I scour all these websites. Got a big piece here about Howard David's signs with whatever that, yeah, whatever that thing is sports USA radio. Maybe he'll give him a talk show. Now, see, you're just trying to get rid of him now. He, I heard him the other day say that he was bonding with you in a hallway. You and he had a great chat about something. I was just listening. Yeah. I would say it was more of a bond bonding. I wouldn't exactly call it a one. So would you call that a bonding what we were doing there? No. No. That's not the two you're getting pretty tight now. Hey, listen, we got to be one big happy family. We got that stiff competition now, man. Yeah, with emphasis on stiff. Yeah, that's my point. Well, you have a nice weekend, Neil. I'm going to. And I'm going to watch an on-prem. That was yesterday. I'm going to think about your question. I asked you, I'm Monday. Monday will find out from Hank, who's the biggest, the bigger low-life, Mark McGuire or Pete Rose. Have you ever seen Pete at the track? Oh, I sat with him at the track. Oh, is that why you don't want to answer the question? I know Pete pretty well. And I, oh, geez. Don't tell him your friends with Pete Rose. I didn't say that. I know. I said, I know. Oh, my God. That would be, I don't know what to. I'm probably fall right on the floor if you told me that. I lose my faith in life. But I've seen Pete's thoughts. Oh, when he sits down, but I stack $100 bills with whichever fluency happens to be sitting at his side. And sits and stacks up to 100s like he's impressing you. And then, of course, you watched them diminish like the amazing and visible man. It is just a very rapidly. Maybe Monday, I'll tell you the story about Pete and the teller at the Gulf Stream. I could tell you the story about Pete and dealers in Las Vegas. Yeah. Probably the same thing as what you're going to go. They still have the Larry King ador, where they have all those checks that Larry bounced. No, they don't have this. Nothing left at Gulf Stream. It's. You're not everything down. That is a true story, by the way. They had a ador where they had all the Larry King's bad checks once upon a time. That was for you. I thought that was I, Leah. Now, or whatever it was, or one of each. Some place that doesn't exist anymore. Yeah. Probably I, Leah. But you know something? That's in the past. That's right. We're not going to look back at the time when Larry was a five percent of it. Highlight. Right. We don't want to talk about him. Stiffing all those people for the book he was allegedly writing. They never wrote. But one of these days he's going to pay them all back. You'll see. In fact, some of them died already. Got that big fat guy that used to sell dog food in my health food story. He died already. Larry, old him, five grand. You got the kids. No. I would meet people I had never saw before in my life. They'd start out in nowhere. You know Larry King, I'd say, oh, my that son of a bitch ripped me off her five grand. He made up these stories. He was right now fucking. Yeah. Right. Never saw him again. There is, I would say if you had to take a pull on the luckiest man in the face of ear, if there's the one right there, only for Stiffos. Sit. Just sit there by the phone. You're going to get a call. All right. Now Bill Vines is going to call you. You're going to be doing my show. What a BS artist man of the worst kind. But it goes to show a kiss and ask. Can you get you all the way to the top man? Well, he told me that that very same thing. He was one who told Bill Vines that I should inherit his show when he left. And do some more. Only the same things. I guess we were both maybe we can't sell each other up. But then again, you know something, Hank, that was in the past. That's right. Can't hold a grudge against Larry. You know, Larry could have paid all those people back. And I asked him about it one time and he's exactly what he said. That was my other life. Really? Yeah. Nice guy. I can millions and millions and millions and millions and he such a low life. Maybe that would be our discussion on Monday. Okay. Who's the bigger low life? Larry King, Mark McGuire or Pete Rose. I think I'm going to be out on Monday. I'm going to. I need immunity. If I don't have immunity, I'm not showing up. Well, it's either going to be you testify or Terry Shive. One of the other. I'll go for Shive. Yeah. See you just make up your mind. Maybe just make gutterwell sounds at 10 o'clock. Good. Quart TV stuff this week. Really? Well, look at all these trials that have been going on. That's true. Robert Blake, the attorney for the, the, the, the trailer trailer. The attorney for the trailer trash family says I'm going to wipe that smile right off his face. And now he wants to act again. He needs the money. The real is that what he said, but he's going to need a lot of money when he has to pay that civil suit. I still say the bitch had to come in. If he didn't do a Christian brand or what it done, it's somebody else for what she was just in the nasty conniving. You know, I agree. But again, then again, that's in the past. I hope they had a good meal of that Italian restaurant. You know, so there's always an Italian restaurant in the mix like with OJ's sparks. Yeah. Always in Italian restaurant. Sparks wasn't an Italian restaurant. I was a steakhouse. Oh, sorry. Whatever. That was too much this weekend. I'll try not to. I might just have to go out there and give it a shot this weekend. You know, yeah, I'll be up and I have a Palm Beach counter club for me tomorrow. Warm up my machines again. See if I can get that then cranking for three four grand. You know, some good three-year-old races. Kind of nice when at five times we look for it in five times come up in the bill starts ringing. You know, all the best here. All the best here. All the best here. All the best here. You have a great weekend. And you know, in a lot. Actually, you want to say yesterday. I want to have to know. You took a day out of my life. That's all I can tell you. It was worth it. It was. See a great day weekend. Yeah, you too. I get half whatever you win. Monday. I was going to go down on Pete Rose. Yes, sorry.pload sip. Ok, I see. I guess. Let's go. Okay... MM Dude that's circling thrash Goodbye Chris Barley, you great big fatty, always acting like a great big fat dump retard and every film you'll ever pay. To that for David's sake, his career could be caused. Only has left is that label, TV show, he won't be making money movies no more. And he wanted to be just like John Believer and have drawn happy jokes. You finally made it, but we're not too careful what you wish. You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night, but you were way too young to die, but we could get that man to a side. Goodbye Chris Barley, what did you eat to? Blood like the big balloon, it ain't like a fool, that with only bringing certain death. The farmers are upset, and all you left was, some cable movies and a few pairs of your pants that will fill to make community pools. And you wanted to be just like John Believer and have drawn happy jokes. You finally made it, but we're not too careful what you wish. You're a chance you can hold up the unknown, that's you, why? You reach the pizza in the sky, you've got so fat you die. I'm dying over here. And a lot of other people would enjoy some booze, baby. We'll get into that 1014 at 5.60 WQMs, spring is here, and now it's a great time to get dad Armstrong for the homestay for some great deals on new O-Fives, right? Now get beyond the wheel of a focus or escape. With $2,000 cash back from 4.00% financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back in 1.9% financing? Check out the O-Five Order Explorer right now, Armstrong for Homestead, with $2,500 cash back in 1.9% financing. And don't forget, only when you buy from Armstrong for Homestead, you get that exclusive Paris parts and batteries for life program. Plus, a free Florida Sunpass, too. Armstrong for this product, our serviceman, and women if you're in a military, if you have a relative in the military, no matter if it's active duty, reserve this national guard or coast guard, you'll get you a military appreciation discount. David Richen, a staff at Armstrong for, will guarantee you the best price and because, like I always tell you, it's a locally owned and operated outfit. They're going to feature like family because they want to make you a customer for life, and that's a day one shot deal. Armstrong for Homestead, there were 307 25, South Dixie Highway, 20 minutes south to the 836. Check them on that wicked way of it. Armstrong cars.com, and then give David a Victor a call if you like 305, 247 5112. That's 247 51 to a 12. Grab a little and save thousands on a new Ford at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. You'll realize you're a real Roger. You'll see. On 560, you'll be in. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. You'll see. Maybe. You'll see. You'll see. Do get 10. You'll see. Oh. Good morning. See. They just learn about any fight. Let's watch it in a foxhole home. It's violent Pablo B.T. programming the show that it's always that's going to be fra. We know Kurt Cobain, dad of a self-insic gigant shot, but it was because of drugs and our research all of these very thoroughly and completely in whoever wrote true on here, Miguel, always full of crap. Did you write that? Yeah, it is true. No way. Well, technically it's true, but it was in two slides. I agree. Technically it's true, but yes. I'm not interested in corrections to the pool. If you want additions that's fine, corrections the answer is absolutely. No, no. Okay. That was yesterday. We're here to talk about today. Fonscott from ACDC fine. They got it since not online yet. They don't know what they were talking about. Well, we're like kind of backed up for time here, you know. Which is fine with me for time. Enjoy those. Oh, no, look at this. Phil Hartman for the pool and in your right on this. Phil Hartman had nothing to do with drugs or booze. He was shot by his crazy wife, put in shot herself. Steve from Nashville. Steve, we just haven't even started the show yet. If they should leave already, they're like, got a million things for the pool. What is with you people? Anyway, it was something he got saying, why does dancing your pants? Too much watching him hearings with Jose Cansoco. Man, you talked about crap. I'm really still in my mind, not sure who I would point the finger at is being the most disgraceful. I still think Eliana Rosanna Dana, although very much expected. I mean, but there was nobody else there. Did anything that was unexpected either. You know, my choir was going to stone wall because he's a bad abuser. Big time. And all those records of his are totally bogus. You know, Sammy's going to go, I know that no speaker in the ladies. You know, I know that. You know, I know that. How do you like who was the one always a cooconent? Who asked him a question in this, Bonnie, how did you like that? Did you see that? No. Little Dennis cooconent with a crappy hairpiece. He asked him a question in this, Bonnie, and Sammy said, Oh, great. That's Sammy so so by the way. Sammy so so. So so. And of course, Coach, show and he's still he's praying in God. And his in the Republican. Oh, get out of here already. You make me want to puke. And Jose, of course, he just had to change your heart. Oh, God. Let me do the yesterday's poll real quick. Because once I get going today, man, I may go to midnight. The radio talks show host do dislike the most yesterday. We had 19, every 68 votes. We could have done 2000 judge by headed chopper off there at nine to put today's poll on there. Of course. Could have easily, that going over well over 2000. Rush Limbaugh, he went almost over a thousand by himself. 846 speaking of fat and pills. Sean handed he won 55. We see that like about six five times as many of them. Sean handed he won 55. Little judge Rodriguez is on vacation for week one forty five. Give it a good shot there, George. But couldn't nail down second place. Bill or Riley 92, more Howard David. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no. 89. Dan LeBastard 80. Al Franken 66. Howard's current 65. Todd Smith had 56. The Humper was tied with Michael Savage 53. I don't think we'll see the two of them in school together. Randy Rhodes 41. Steve Kane and yours truly 28 of P. Scrape mines work alike. Glenn Beck and Phil Henry 26. Yeldy 25 25. O'Jam McDuffie 19. Jerry Springer 16. The big O'Had 11. D Gordon LiD 10. Ed Schultz 9. Ed Schultz 9. How could that Schultz have 9? Nobody knows who that is. D.4 had 9. The mad dog had a rat. This was respectful. The booster is 6. Yo Rose 3 and little Eddie K. Had 3. That's yesterday's poll. We don't want to talk about yesterday. Monica Bluechi, not to be confused with John Bluechi, is on today's web-beaded curtain thing. Monica Bluechi was born in O'Had 11. Cheitade Castello, O'Merei Italy. Cheitade Castello. That's the city of Lucas, Stella. Born September 30, 1964, which makes her 40, 40. Right? She's in the centricity, which has been made next year, not even this year. Comprehension to Ganyis is being filmed right now. The brothers grim, completed but not out yet. The maitors online, she hate me. Oh, she hate me. Agency grits the passion of the Christ. Did you know that she was Monica Bluechi was in that? The passion? The passion of the Christ. I did, yeah. I didn't see it. I know what happened. Well, thank God. Friends of Persia Warrior within the maitors for evolution, sin bad, legend of the seven seas, and of the maitors. The maitors related, run out of the maitors. Have fun with the maitors. Here's the son, Rickordante de May. You're a reversible, asterisk, and obelix. And a whole bunch of others. The other suspicion, I made it to Rani's. A los Caman. Lucimo, Lluvimo, Cabadano. Whatever it is, I mean, what does that mean? You tell me, Lluvimo, Cabadano. I think that's something about the Capo regime. I don't know what that means. The apartment, she's in a whole bunch of stuff. Anyway, Monica Bluechi, she looks fine. We got to get more than one picture. How many pictures we got up there? I would think you could... Stop, third man! Couple. The other thing is, the prices right now, the Terry Shive Othink, before we get to the... I just got too much here to handle. I'm gonna pass on. Too much stress, too much pressure. A lot of pressure. Employing an extraordinary, congressional maneuver, House Republican leadership, early in the day, made a last-ditch effort to keep doctors from removing the feeding tube of Terry Shive Othink. And they're gonna do it. I have to do it over Bill Frist's fist. I'll tell you that right now. Because he is pissed off and fired up. He is invited Terry and her husband, Michael, to appear and testify before her kids committee. In the Senate. Also, the House invited them to appear. In fact, they got a subpoena from Dennis Hester, Tom D'Lay, and Tom Davis. They subpoenaed them to appear. Terry Shive Othink, you're gonna have to... You've got testimony. That ought to be really riveting. If you enjoyed yesterday at the baseball stuff, or the steroids, you'll read it up when Terry has her moment in the sunshine. And says, Like that. Now, what she's gonna say? Yeah, something like that. Terry, how do you feel about that too, honey? Like that. That's bad. That's really disrespectful. But I think that's about all she could say at this point. If that. So, of course, this show I tremendous ways to manage you. This is your Congress at Work Ladies and Your Honor, where Pan-like $80 a gallon of gas now. We've got millions of people with no health care. We've got the people down over the next meal is coming from. We've got this enormous deficit. The American dollar is like worth $15. And we're worried about the steroids in baseball, and let's buy all means keep that tube in Terry's nose. Okay. That's right. That's right. We've got our head on straight man. We've got our priorities all straight and now it went into our straight and that baby out. Can we still say that? No, like I said, it's more like it. 1026 at 5.60 WQM. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and O'Park has got the gambling action you're looking for. Just a half mile from both on 95 of the turn. Pomp and O'Park features free admission and free general parking everyday. Live harness racing in the poker room. Open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon goes on to midnight and live racing gets underway. And I've made 725 PM coming up this Saturday, March 19, sounds like tomorrow to me. Pomp and O'Park wants to thank all of you for your support and the passives of the slot machine vote with a victory party. If you voted against it, it lost. This Saturday tomorrow, Pomp and O'Park will have a special cake cutting ceremony in live music. And it'll be coordinate with all race programs, draft beer, hot dog, so does popcorn and more. All just 25 cents a piece. If you voted against it, it'll be 25 bucks a piece. There will also be free miniature horse rides for the kids as our way of saying thank you for your support. Come celebrate with our 25 cent night this Saturday tomorrow. It's almost as good as free spaghetti did not night but not quite. Pomp and O'Park, a Black side of the landing board of art and power line road for the Cart Racing Schedule call 954-9722-1000 or just go online at pomp and O'Park.com. Don't forget, poker room starts at noon today and live racing underway tonight at 725 at a PM. You want me to go to Russia? Yes, go to Italy. On 560-680-M. Good night, Tim Hartford. Bring the view in as you will win. Good guys, I had so much fun to give, but you married a psychotic thing. A drink of finger got his hitch. But the producers said, cheap new herself for wedding cos everybody knows that it's LA. They let burgers walk every day. Another last-to-her-side, thanks to your psychobit-wife who had a stupid day flight. My friend, had news radio, was a main show except that you were there. And some characters from the shit that lost their bones. You felt more that this your life would have lasted long, which he left you no choice. Good-side, droid and flung, that you made a front-sup. Film dad, dad, sorry that I heard a rum on hands, a gun. And hurt me, I just feel your head all. Now, line on how to get rid of all. She's dead anyway. Saturday night, I'm falling for the indecase since that the reason you let any way. I've got such a bad guy, those of your psychotic wife, with that stupid day flight grip. And the Simpson will bear the worst day again. And I saw his right jaw, as soon as he could find the wrong. And he said, good things are said, because now they've had the fence that big. You have for a while. Okay, well, I didn't want to leave the tube, but that's why you go to a store about that. So, I'll leave it to Friday. Well, we all hit at the same time, I'm sure. Didn't we get on? Yes. Good. Anyway, I wanted to worry about it there. We can't say anymore, which is kind of sad, because that bit was from a few years ago. But nevertheless, so anyway, we're to watch start. Now, see, here's Jimmy, who means well, pretty prints committed suicide by shooting himself. We already know that there's only OIC. What does that mean? You don't understand the background. I understand he committed suicide just like Kurt Cobain did. But the fact that the matter is there was drugs, drugs, drugs, drugs. That's what it was all about, okay? Lots of it. So, I don't really know what this says. He's trying to look like an incorrect pull. I did like hours of research. I poured. Oh, I might have been speaking to Kurt Cobain. If you really want to, if you have a lot of extra time on your hands, you have no life. I have no life. I'll go online and even find 44,000 different conspiracy theories about how Kurt Cobain really died and why. And butterbeat, butterboat, but does anybody really care quite that much? Oh, no. You care? No. So we care about Kurt and he loves. No, absolutely not. She's shot a movie. What? She shot him. There you go. Anyway, now, here's the pull for today. And I want to get to this Jose Consocco book. And I don't want to do a lot of reading from there. As we go, reading it up, said, all the way, we don't care. Who is your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs or booze? That doesn't necessarily mean that the instant that they stopped reading, that the immediate cause was. But, you know, the drugs and booze, you can't separate that if you're going to talk about Kurt Cobain and his death. And same with Freddy Prince. So if you want to send me a stupid fax, go ahead. If you want to do a little research first and read up about these people, then you'll find out that as usual I tend to be. A lot of mistakes, like showing up some days, but believe you me when I tell you, okay, we know our Freddy Prince. Kurt Cobain was doing heroin. Right. He just got out of rehab for crying out loud when his brains were blown out. And of course, then there's a question about was he murdered and he really do it. You know, although quite practically it's a lot more significant to, I think, the human race than are the baseball players doing steroids. You know, that whole thing yesterday, there are people out there who really believe that this is worthwhile and a useful expenditure of your taxpayer time and money for the Congress of the United States, the House of Representatives to be conducting hearings with a bunch of stupid jokes and asking, Oh, did you take Roy? Is it anybody else around you? Take Roy? Did you take a shot and they go, huh? It's for the children. Yeah, right. They're alive. And that's my point. That's why I'm doing this pull today and I show you how ridiculous it is because in show business, actors, actresses, certainly musicians, there are just as many and probably a hell of a lot more widely publicized stories about superstars doing Airbeak and drug that's ever been invented, something I've ever heard of, and a hell of a lot more controversial than Slicing steroids. And yet are we having hearings about those? Oh, should we be having hearings about those? No. Absolutely not. Now let's see, for today's pull Bradley Noll from Sublime, died of a heroin overdose. Well, that's good. I hope next time you do this pull, we can put on Mark McGuire. Oh, yeah, we can put on Mark McGuire and his bitch ass alligator tears. When every seven of them had a chop his legs off like that boxer, whatever steroids. And of course it's horrible that those people they were testifying and he lost their kids committed to a side. But you know something? How many other kids killed themselves with drugs because they were emulating some rock star, huh? And by the way, for that stupid bitch congress, well, womanica, out there's not 500, it's 500,000 eighth and tenth graders who have been using steroids, not 500. She just had a little bit of a mischievous thing. That's what she says. He said 500. Yeah, the number was 500,000, but nevertheless only a couple of off, you know, idiotic bitch. So here's what we got on a pull so far. And I'm sure that there are some more and a lot of dead performers because of drugs and booze. Especially the drug part. I mean, the idea that it's just laughable on the face of it. Let me say it again, alienarostly, then any, I hope there is nobody in this audience who ever votes for her. I know that she wins hands down because she's got that old, the green tooth crowd again. I hope that the girls certainly know that in your family ever voted for that bitch. Well, both of them have votes, so it's all right. Good. Put them back on a banana boat, okay? Get them out of here. Dammit. She is such an embezzled. She didn't ask anybody any questions. Nothing to run answers for it coming anyway, but that was supposed to be the process. She was not asking questions. She makes a five-minute speech about, uh, rap A and how much we respect, rap A and Samy and Boba Boba. I'm laughing wouldn't go and play against Padel and against the Cuban National team because he wouldn't even buy a Castro and how we have the sweet name after Jose right down the block of the school and I went to school and walk away. Oh, my god, almighty. And thanks, right. She's just like that, just like that scene in the, uh, in the godfather. Where he's tends to think about the attack and people are wonderful. People may have never been ever so afraid to rain and she's going out about the Cuban people. You know, something alienator disgrace to the human race. And Rosanna, Rosanna, Dan of the real one. She's got to be turned over in her grave, you know. Seriously, turning over in her grave. I bet you that the Jean Wilder would like to come there and just take a Louisville slugger or knock her head right off her shoulders. Her fat head off her fat shoulders. Man, that that performance she put in yesterday, that was one for the record books with no asterisk. You're all time favorite celebrity who died from drugs, your art booze or whatever. John Bollushi, no contest 89. Jimmy Hendrix 42, you know, fat and drugs is not a good combination either. Fat and anything. Jimmy Hendrix 42, Elvis 39, Chris Farley 34, speaking of fat, Marlon Monroe 19, Kurt Colbert 11. He shot himself, you know. Janice Jopflin 10, Lenny Bruce A. Charlie Parker 7, said, Vicious 6 River Phoenix 6. I thought you're not dead to that. Jack Harrow Act 6, John Bonham, Led Zeppelin 5, William Holden 5, that would have bottled in his hand. William Holden was great, but he was a drunk, Freddie Prince 4, Keith Moon of the Hoofore, Shannon Hoon of Clyde Mellon, Shannon Hoon. You know, so I keep moving, I thought I'd stop him, Shannon Hoon. Okay, I mean, of course. He's quite a bum. Looking up. We loved Lymell and Owen. Lymell's pretty good. Why? You have that song stuck in my head. What do you mean by that? I love that. Yeah, it's a good song. Anyway, he's dead, Shannon Hoon. Judy Garland 4, TV Ramone 2, Bobby Hamfield, Vicious 2, Andy Gibb 2, Steve Clark, Death Levered 2, Bradley Noll, Sublime 1, John Phillips, Mama's and Papa's. One Frankie line on the teenagers, Frankie. All right. That's what the Frankie line in guy. He's dead, drugs. Brian Jones of the Stones one, David Ruffin 1, Tim Tations, Montgomery Cliff 1, Hey Montgomery, Tony. No, that's not what I want to say. You're fair. That's it. Gene Vincent Nunn and Phil line it. Lynn it. Lynn it. Then Lizzy. Feet 120 to go. A lot of dead performers. Let me say it again. And when we after the break, I just a couple of paragraphs again from Jose Concecco's book. And keep in mind, if you went out there, I got stuck in a binable. And you're money back because, well, it took two years to write the book. And now I've changed my mind. And let me tell this crap about the steroids. Maybe you look so young. You could pass for 55 easy sweet. Make me look like a clean one. 160. Another edition of, What, eh, today? What if Jan is jufflin? We're an avon lady. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Yes, man, help you. You can take my life away, my life away. Who are we, my neighbor? Who are we, my neighbor? Who are we, my neighbor? Who are we, my neighbor? Who are we, my neighbor? Who are we, my neighbor? Well, Julian next time, Do find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight. This bulletin just ends in a pierce. The first lady has disappeared. We're next, we ask. What? 1026, 14. There's a lot of left-of-grants kids. We got Mohour David who just signed with Sports USA radio. Mohour David did it too. We got to Mad Dog at four. And then seven, and he's a Mad Dog by the way, at public system on South Andrew's Avenue and four. Lawterdale. Wow. He is reading move up in the world, you know. Curtis Stevenson said it at head and that we have a guilty free Friday and it he kids in a clock. That's our schedule at QAM. Match that Danny boy. Okay, here's a fact from John who says, Well, if you have the loser from Nirvana on it, and you certainly need to put my hero, how to rest Thompson on your hero. All I can say to that is, get him on or 100 S Thompson. She's drunk. Okay, here's what he can say goes book again. What's the good thing I bought this, you know? Did you want to read more? No. Oh. Well, I know actually I went through the S and to try to find some of the stuff that one congressman was reading. Did you see that when he read it to him? No. And again, the response from O's A with the straight face was, well, it took two years to write this book since that I've changed my mind. See, this is because he didn't, this is because he's testifying without immunity, and obviously it's going to be a parole violation. His big ugly ass is going to be back in his slamer. He's going to have the ankle bracelet on again when he goes home. He's going to have to have his visits to my house for 1500 bucks an hour to have a coffee conlature, whatever it is doing there. Give me a break. You lie in sack of crap. And of course, by his performance in his behavior, he raises grave doubts on everything you wrote in the book. All of them are a liar thing. There is no doubt. Well, of course, I mean, the book was definitely just a paycheck. That's all. He just wanted the money. I would think, well, we don't doubt that, but the obvious question is, did he want the money by spilling the beans with the truth? Or did he just make a lot of it out? That's the question. We know he wanted the money. He's desperate. I'd say, if I already guess, I'd say it's like 50-50. Did he fit in? How much would he bet? 50 cent? That's it. Anyway, here, I just, I know McGill gets re-obset all the way. I have a lot of stuff to read here. Then I read, you know, care what McGill thinks, because he's brain-he and alienator was an adanauty, you look. I mean, McGill's got a lovely wife, but I think I think that if you ever decide to dump your ass, I think alienator was an adanaut, because at least you didn't have that purple face like her husband. Jose says, we're talking about the future here. See, just like Mark McWire, not the past. And I'm not talking about yesterday. We're talking about the future. Jose says, I have no doubt whatsoever that intelligent informed use of steroids, combined with human growth hormone will one day be so accepted that everybody will be doing it. This is what I spent 36-95 Canadian-egotten by a wealth spent. And now, he changes his mind. Every one of you, every one of you suckers like me who bought the book, you should demand every fun immediately, not sooner. I'm going to read that sentence again. I have no doubt whatsoever that intelligent informed use of steroids, combined with human growth hormone will one day be so accepted that everybody will be doing it. Steroid use of more common than Botox is now. Every baseball player and pro-acly will be using at least low levels of steroids. Every baseball player and pro-acly says Jose the Mavin. As a result, based on how this force will be more exciting and entertaining, human life will be improved to we will live longer and better and maybe we'll live law. What? We will love longer and better, too. He says, oh yeah, he looks like a real specimen. We'll be able to look good and have strong faith bodies well in the worst 60s and beyond. It's called evolution and there's no stopping it. All these people crying about steroids in baseball now will look as foolish in a few years. As the people who said John Kennedy was crazy to say the US will put him in on the moon. People who see the future earlier than others are always feared and misunderstood. Now Jose, now they will fear you. The public needs to be informed about the reality of steroids and how they've affected a lot of some baseball players including me. Have I used steroids? You bet I did. It steroids make me a better baseball player of course they did. If I had it all to do over again, would I live a steroid in rich life? Yes, I would. Do I have any regrets or crimes about relying on chemicals to help me in a baseball so far to be honest? No, I don't. Now here's the next page page three. This is right off the get right to the box. Right at the gift go here and then begin in the book pages two and three. He says, yes, you heard me right. Stairwise used correctly will not only make you stronger in sex here. They'll also make you a healthier. This is better living through modern chemistry. You understand. Certain steroids used in proper combinations can cure a certain disease. Stairwise will give you a better quality of life and also drastically slow down the aging process. If people learn how to use steroids and grow home on properly, especially as they get older, 60, 70, 80 years old. Their way of living will change completely. If you start young enough when you're in your 20, 30s and 40s and use steroids properly, you can probably slow the aging process by 15 or 20 years. I'm 40 years old, but I look much younger. He says, likely story. And I can still do everything the way I could when I was 25. Again, I'm sure referring to his sorts ofmanship, which quite frankly, we don't want to hear about. At least I don't. Now we go back to page 283 toward the Ascent of the book. See, I did read to a couple of paragraphs Josh right on. And I apologize when you get the book. We'll have some paragraph circle. They'll be a little inking there. I'll be all right. I think I'll do a couple of dog eared pages. You can handle that. Yeah, I didn't have to pay the photo. That's right. You asked it's only a bargain. It's only 25.95. Plus the recap of the tax and tax. By the way, thank you, Mr. President, for those bargain gas prices over three dollars a gallon already in California and coming to a gas station here, you very soon. Thank you, and I'll present it for those low gas prices. Oh, my God. You fare exactly. Now, getting back to the book. There's no more pretending what we have to look forward to is a world where, honestly, about steroids is the only policy that challenge is going to be demonstrating to people. That steroids could be a good thing. I've never said it'll be easy to educate the American public about all this to get them to a simpler biochemistry and bio-technology could do to change our lives. We're only really getting started on that national conversation and we're in for an awkward period as the revelations about steroids start to sink in. In the short term, we can count on plenty of people urging baseball to crack down to wipes the Royce out of the game. What I'm hoping for says Jose Consocco is that some more intelligent forward-looking voices will come out and urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids to fight for their place in the game and in our lives. Does that sound like what he was saying yesterday? Or no, he changed his mind because he doesn't want to go back in a slam where this slime ball you. And there's Iliana Rosanna Dana, which killed her right in her very sorry, by the way, honey, we apologize. Rosanna Dana given us some evidence and he allowed us by the way. She gave her best kudos to Rafael and Sammy, with Sammy from the Dominican Republic by the way. That nothing happened to him, but nevertheless, because she didn't want to get to two cozy with Jose, there even as she went to school a block away and he never stole her freight train. Although, quite frankly, last time I checked he was Cuban, last time I checked Jose. And that's why she was trying to do the old cover up there. Okay, I dropped my shoulders. How about Wolfgang Amideus Mozart? Was he a celebrity? He was the Kurt Cobain of his time. He drank a lot and party and he died at 8.35 and was thrown into a popper's grave. Well, we'll be for him. Okay, we'll see somebody in the movie. Okay, that's fine, but he doesn't qualify for a pull. He's not a celebrity. Not now. Not among our slime ball crowd. Jim says there's a guy who died earlier this year without whom he may never have had. But third man. Olderdy bastard deserves a place on a pull. Olderdy, that's right. Remember what he died? Yeah. I'm going to have to play that bit with Regis. It's an olderdy. But third man? It's a thirty. Olderdy. Kind of like olderdy, you know? Let's see. How about Regis? Yeah. There's another one for you. So many. Somebody see the point I'm trying to make here and it's pretty obvious. Anybody. All of these people. Jim Morrison. You have to send me that like he's not on a pull. Do we need him off the pull? Uh, you need to check. We let's give Morrison off the pull. That's my bad. I would not. You're right. We didn't leave him off the pull. What a jerk I am. That was the first one. I'm in there. Huh? Nice research. Yeah. Up yours. Go back to Cuba. Go back with your team. You and I. You and I. Go back to Havana. I could see where Fidel was through your ass. Anyway, Jerry Garcia says. Oh, not Jerry Garcia. He never do drugs. Uh, and Jim Morrison. Make sure I apologize and thank God he fact that he has been in the whole pull. And I had Jim Morrison on there all the fight. Frankly, he's still alive. That's another one. Kurt Cobain and Jim Morrison all these cults. And of course Elvis, that goes without saying they're all still alive. They're probably having a big party right now. They're probably doing rights from probably injecting each other right now. You think? I tell you I was got fat. You stopped. Hey Elvis, you're fairie. So that's the deal with all these hearings and all this other ballooning. The reason for the pull is because like I said, there's 80's in people who are admired by young people. Emulated by young people, rock stars, movie stars, all of these people. Big name celebrities, TV celebrities, drunk, drugs, slime of the earth and yet. We're not having any. Thank goodness. Any congressional hearings about that. And shouldn't. And we shouldn't. That's not what we pay the years just to be doing with our tax money. It shouldn't be having the baseball hearing either. That's that's what I just said. That's that's my point. That's my point. Another one. Catching on to my point. No, I got you there. And what did I say yesterday? These hearings are absolutely unacceptable. Unnecessary and unacceptable. It's crap. Just again, goody two shoes, pandering, which is why several of these people just made their flowered little speeches. And I was kind of concerned like that one black, a democrat. I don't know what her name was as simple to me. I was kind of concerned. I don't know if you're going to answer or not. If anybody has anything to say, but I was kind of concerned. I mean, this is the kind of stuff like like you'd see on what's that show at a broad sit around. It's stupid I showed at verbal water show. The view. The view. Yeah, that's a kind of crap. I was kind of wondering, you know, if you're really as fat as you look, honey. Wow. And you know something to say, part of it is that America is so brainwashed that they believe this. They really believe this crap. Just like they were showing on CNN this morning. It was showing the tape of them pulling the statue down, which was not nothing more than a photo opportunity for CNN. It was all done with a bunch of henchmen. And they're going on about that in the hole in the ground. You know, where they found a sedan, which we now know is a bunch of crap. The media is not only sick, but the media marmus all these people belong on death roads. Sure, this isn't a million Roger. The ones who tell the R156, the FU, the AM. This is the Neil Roger show. What the fuck? This is your brain. You failed. Any questions? All the world loves a cloud. So this April Fool's Day, this radio pageant is going to make a fool with other views. That's right. We're going to turn you into a laughing star. Just be the 10th of color. We do hear this star. And we'll get your pants down around your ankles. Tie your hands behind your head. Hey, this is my leafage on your butt cheeks. And lock you out of your head. You'll be the shutter of a tensioning no time. Remember, they're not laughing at you. They're laughing with you. With you and your butt cheeks. Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of since they've already done quite a good job making fools of themselves every day on the air. Employees are never the last wish to drop a pants in public or encourage to do so after leaving the station. Oh, even a fool. People are saying for your chance to win. Love it all till at 5.60. Every QM happy Friday too. I mean, you know, that one of Congress, Minimum One Guy from Massachusetts, I guess, was reading that little ass-in thing from Ozeys book. But I'd like to know how come they didn't read the paragraphs that I just got through. We're in a special day at last one. We're only really getting started on the National Conversation. What I'm hoping for is that some forward-looking voices will come out an urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids and fight for their place in the game and in our lives. Huh? See, this is what Congress does. There are a bunch of millimouth, whosys man that they overwhelmingly majority them who just sit there. It's like they're in awe to be in the presence of the superjocks. And especially the God squad representative Kurt Schilling, the anxious Kurt Schilling, with all that every other word was either God or the Republicans, which of course nowadays it's the same crap. Man, I especially like to part where Sammy had to have his lawyer read his opening statement because Sammy no speaking English too well. But that didn't bother really Anna, man. Rosanna Dana. How can you people have any conscience and find that somebody like that bitch is a represents part of South Florida in Congress? How is that possible, huh? It is absolutely... Are they acceptable? Anyway, don't get your South college started. Okay. 560560 and a Verizon and Singular Wartel Slime. Maybe some of the people who watched that, maybe they have some thoughts or maybe not. Or maybe they got some more dead people for our pool. Dead drug use, huh? Perhaps. Perhaps. Or maybe not. Or maybe they just don't give a flying leap. WDQAM. Hello. Hi, this is Caches and Hollywood. Yes, sir? Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. You're talking to him. What do you think about the lava flake itself? And they can wreck little pimp. That was the best call of the year. Alright, it's only the middle of March, but that was the winner. We're going to send you a $0.00 in play money. That was good. Yeah. And Paula Andrew, she may be getting in big trouble too, by the way. That always stories. But I want to read him right now because McElghet really been on a shape. 560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Don't forget that attorney for the Bacley family since he's going to let that smile off or let his push. That's what he said. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, hey Neil. Yes, sir? It's pretty amazing that they want to protect young high cool kids. Yeah. Because they're dropped age. Yeah, that's right. Keep them alive. We need them. The molasses can check them over there to be blown up. For our fodder, for our fodder. Yeah, for the oil that we're not getting. Potter for the mill, right. Yeah. Okay. Big enough easy. And by the way, don't forget. I want you to say it. Thank you, Mr. President, for these little gas prices. Absolutely. Thank you, Mr. President, for the little gas prices. The iron and California and then the wind. In California, that's right. We could be over there. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. See you at the pumps. 560, 560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. This is what you wanted America. This is what you got sucked into a baby. You're paying a wicked, wicked price. There's people dying, a wicked that every day. And the house of representatives is holding hearings talking to a bunch of illiterate jocks about crap. Should we put an asterisk next to the record and Mr. Sealing? Are you really as dumb as you appear? And the only thing we have to fear is Donald Fierre. Get out and hear what is crap. By the way, they have some more NHL meetings just. They have nothing. No, the Hitties said they're like poison even worse. But yeah, the NHL and they reduced the salary cap. They reduced it from 42 out of 37 million. So as far apart as they were before, just forget about it. That's all. That's my best suggestion. Just forget about it. Just send some more money to Alan Cohen so we can buy a much more race horses. He likes it. W2A and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if you've got spaces on this, but all the Jews in more Howard. They were yesterday. Yes. The United FBI, the Asian 13 years ago, both, majorly paid for that. I had a steroid problem. Yeah. It wasn't president Bush part of the Texas Rangers ownership group in that time. He owned it. Yes. He should be sitting before Congress. Yeah. Well, hold your left, Ali. I'll call you up as soon as though that hearing takes place. That was one of the things they pointed to keep trying to say is that the owners do about it in the managers and every people all over the place the trainers and court curse. Shilling you all. I don't know. Nobody knew nothing. I didn't hear about these things. He's too busy reading his Bible. Kurt, you don't have time for that crap. For this garbage. Now, an hour and fifty three minutes from now, for weren't for all his right wing hysteria about Terry Chavoy when his grand standing. There's in their sticking the federal government into state of Florida's affairs. If it weren't for that, she'd be having that tube removed. It would take some time for her to die and finally have some release and relief. But that ain't going to happen now, because the right wingers are going to show you just how much they care about life. Or maybe they're just trying to, remember when the first president Bush said he didn't like to broccoli. Remember that? Yep. This Republican group is trying to say, well, we've changed their mind like Jose. We like vegetables. After all, we love him. WKOM. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. I think that the Congress needs to start doing something a little bit more productive. How many freaking people get killed by alcohol? Forget our forgets the roses. How many people getting to a car crash and just kill like 20 other fucking kids? Yeah, right. Exactly. A little bit too much emphasis on the kids, but nevertheless, a little bit. Just a little bit over the top, but I appreciate his emotion. Five, six, seven. Look at the emotion of this crowd. Man, are they whipped up to a frenzy about this or what? No, no. And I didn't expect so. And you see the Indiana Roseanna Danifing. I want you to explain to me. I guarantee there are people listening right now. Why you would vote for this insane person for this ultimate Pandor. She is the ultimate. I mean, odd people in politics, Pandor. But she makes the others pale in a win significance. A one-note Johnny. Like I said, hey, if it could be talking about what kind of homintosh now you're going to eat on Forrom and somehow she would tie that in to a Fidel and Cuba. She could tie anything into that crap. They could be talking about drilling in Alaska for oil and she would tie that into Castro and Cuba. That's all she knows. Indiana Roseanna Danif. She is my least favorite person on the face of the earth. Come even, dubbio. I like compared to her. Wow. Even Anne Kofer, I like compared to her. She is the anti-Christ Roseanna Danif. How do you rid of her? She is the- let me say again. She's everything that is wrong in Dave County. Racked up into one piece of pus. That's her. Cuba to Cuba. I am hello. Nice call. I was her. Cuba to Cuba. Yeah, I'm here. I'm talking about stupid things that our government is doing. Yeah. I'm a, I adopt an hour. Take care of gray hounds and the interesting article same. Do you have to? Kansas State Legislature. This is a state where they raise a lot of our gray hounds for racing. Uh-huh. As pass the bill saying, gray hounds are not considered to God. Because they are not raised as death. And do not. And are not pondered the regulations that are ready. Well, that's okay. There's one aspect in Kansas. There's still no one in their creation is in thing. There are a bunch of any other souls. Now I'll put them one. But I thought you might find that error. No. Okay. Thanks. Five six seven or five. Not even remotely. But he saw it on my. Dominic, you are. Hello. Hey, Nate, I'll go. Pretty good. Palli. What's up? It did a great job. Tax dollars are hard work. All the problem the United States has. We're talking about these dumb shots. I say let them stick to needles up the rest. Oh. Thanks. Ha ha ha. All right. Excellent job. Hey, he was fired up. There you go. And pissed off. Five six seven or five six. At least we got somebody down. We're a little bit of emotion. And that otherwise it's that heat man. And he did a humidity. I don't know what it's actually a nice day today. We'll wait tonight after all a rain. My gut from what I'm hearing it's a mirror. You haven't floated away. It's almost like a tsunami. That next week. No, it hasn't been raining like nonstop for a couple days until today. Yesterday all day. Now see, that was a bonus for me because on TSN here, which carries a lot of ESP and programming that we're carrying the hearings. And they were going to like cut away to four o'clock to the golf that Arnold Palmer golf crapping Orlando. And there was Arne. They showed them what is. They showed up to his knees and a wading around and all the water on the greens. I mean, get a life already. When you're pleased Mr. Palmer and Mr. Nicholas, all of a sudden pick on him at your granted drown. But even so, it's just that we be angers me too. People who just fritter away their whole lives and cock a ride like that, like golf. What did you do with your life? All I was into golf. Yeah. Somebody to QAM. Hello. Dr. Philip. You're on the baseball. What did you do? What did you do? I'm a man. Hello. Neil, it is so amazing that our government made so much money and time trying to face a vegetable. I don't get it. Yeah. First, I'm going about steroids and baseball. And now they're going about saving vegetables. There, there, there, there, there, there, the youth article in, well, within yesterday's Sun's Denal. It was in the opinion page. You should have been on the front page about the whole mad. Yeah. Nobody's going to read it. Nobody. Of course not. There are blibbiest. Your government is frittering away your money like it was come out of a faucet somewhere. It's like peeing right down the drain, man. You know, they talk about separation or church and say, and you know, the federal government does it. And the state government does it. It's a bunch of food. Exactly. Somebody in the woods saying. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good luck. You see right at the border, maybe. I'll see you at the peace bridge. Oners Terry. Captain. Oners. But I'm going to answer the ticket. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. Oners. And yes. We've got a total of the car. Almost on herd of. And if to this. We've seen the. We've seen the. The signal debate between husband and parents. I'm going to political debate between rights. I've been death, with the. We're now seeing an evolving. Constitutional. VAT. The court on one side of it saying this is the kind of personal. Individual case, which the courts are. Did it decide, the legislator, brands on the other. And our history and our traditions say that. Court's don't tell presidents. how to conduct war, Congress, whether or not to raise taxes, and the legislature doesn't decide the life and death issues, the human rights inside of an individual court case. There you go. Nice going, Candle. You finally said something good. You seem to be a ruggish, but less than any of the practices that you're doing. She may end. Yeah. Fettam and Fatiess. I've got a dance. You're fair. Never wash his hair or seem to have a care co-bane. His name was Kurt. Now he's pushing up dirt. Co-bane. The last thing drew from his chin. Do in heroin. Co-bane. Never bottle was hot and now it's Kurt. They ain't got co-bane. He got hot, sick, good-bye, then he died. Co-bane. Made a minute hour never took a shower, co-bane. He's a number one hit in heaven. Big much hit. Co-bane. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge with my fame, co-bane. So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's ways out. Co-bane. He got hot, sick, good-bye, then he died. Co-bane. 11-10. Let's take a look at that pool. See how it's purple-8. Okay? We got too many things going on all at the same time. You know we can walk and chew them at the same time, maybe? Or maybe not. We got 446 vote. Who's your favorite all-time celebrity who died from drugs or booze? Not necessarily, I mean like immediately, but you know as a result of. Got it? Got it. John Voluci won 29. Jimmy Henry's 54. It's no contest just like yesterday. And Elvis 49. Chris Farley 44. Marilyn Monroe 21. Kurt Cobain 21. I think he's still alive. Or now he's got the 14. Sorry. Lenny Bruce 12, Janice Japplin 11. William Holden 11. Jim Morrison 8. We apologize again for putting him on early. He'll win. Don't you think? Sure. Charlie Parker, a John Bonham of Led Zeppelin 8. Sid Vicious 7. River Feet and Seven. Jack Carawak 7. Keith Moon, the who's 6. Judy Garland 6. Jerry Garcee of 5. Hunter S. Thompson 5. Freddie Prince 5. D. D. Ramon 4. Joy Ramon, by the way, dead from Lymphoma. Just in case you were wondering. He's no that? No. Shannon Holmes. I think he's got a bad man. Stop it. Lymphoma. Lymphoma has four. Oh. You were. Oh, right. Oh, I can say. I love it. Anyway, he has four. Shannon Hoon. All the remasteries got three. Now I'm going to forget to play that bit. Bonds got from ACDC's got three. Bobby Hadfield of the righteous brothers. Billy Bentley and Bobby Hadfield of the righteous brothers who make me want a few. Three. Andy Gibbs three. Steve Clark, a death-level two. Rick James one. Brandly Noel Sublime one. John Phillips, Mama's and Papa's one. Frankie Lyman 13. As we know who gave that vote. Wow. The Frankie Lyman blow up dog guy. Brian Jones of the Stones one. David Ruffin one. Montgomery Clutch. He's got one. You're fairie. Jean Vincent and Phil, uh, little off of the, uh, Thin Lizzie, none. Non-for-gene Vincent B. Bop, a lula. Remember that? Of course not. Remember we bought the lula and capital records in Jean Vincent. That was a big in his time for about five minutes. Let's see. Here's all. Thank God. Somebody finally responded to my pleading. He's my screeching. He's about this crazy as bitch. She's a congresswoman. I like my little dog was a congressman. I think Tiny would have probably said something I made more sense. All he was too blind for Dale and the raffy wouldn't play. She makes a speech. This isn't a place for grandstanding and species about Cuba. It's a terrible thing. Hearing. What? At him or her? And the camera's a role and that's right. Here's the fact this is I couldn't agree with you more. Oh, this is from the University of Dodge. Must be from Kimba Bokan. If I don't give him a, he needs to go back to school. Who? Kimba. What is that? He plays with a spelling his bad. I got news for him. He makes more sense than you do. He says I couldn't agree with you more about Eliana Ross. Bitch, she should go straight to hell and take all of the DS Bullards with her. So no matter how you spell it, it's empty. You are. Absolutely correct. Sure. Whoever this was at the University died. We love you Kim. We're pretty, we've got an ear but we love you anyway. Good guy. Plus you don't mess with him. He's just too big. Oh, look at this. Huge guy. Now here's the latest in the, not so greatest on the, I've tried to keep you up to you and this, not that anybody cares. I don't care. Who cares about her already? You know? I care about her as much as I do about the steroids. As a deadline, looms US Senate Republicans sought to keep severely brain damage Terry Shival alive today with an invitation to bring her to Washington and an attorney for her parents and they hope to move with them more time. They're supposed to move to two men, one PM. Oh, we're going to be here right in the middle of this. So in the exciting. Very. The Senate Health Committee is requested that Terry Shival and her husband Michael appeared in official committee hearing on March 28th earlier today. A house committee was issuing congressional subpoenas to stop doctors from disconnecting the tube. Michael Shival is wedged a year long bat. The years long battle with his parents in law, containing his wife was been an a persistent vegetative state Florida since 1990. We would not want to let it away since 1990. Fifteen longer excruciating years and they will literally die. Courts have cleared away for him to remove her feeding tube as early as one PM today. The tube has removed been removed twice in the past and then reinserted as the battle continued. I think that Tom Delay ought to take that to put it right in his window. That's it. It is a contemptive Congress to prevent a discord someone from following his opinion as finished. David gives an attorney for a parent said, that's what the US Congress is saying. We want to see Terry Shival. We want to hear her testimony. Mmm. Or dislike that. Would that be great? In fact, we wouldn't get her in hell and color. She won your hide in the miracle worker. Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now with a discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey. Death Jam Records makes available to you. Helen Keller saves the blue. Very good, Terry. A whole man. That's her testimony. Anyway, what do you, I don't know what you're yucking about. What are you yucking at? What's he gonna say? Uh-huh. The family is paraphernaly excited about their daughter going before he was Congress for the whole world to see how alive she is. Oh, yeah. We've seen how alive she is. He said that despite her brand damage, he would be able to travel. A statement from the Office of House Majority Leader Bill Fist of Tennessee today said that purpose of the Ering was review healthcare policies and practices relevant to the care of non-ambulatory people. And of course, there's certainly no grand stand me going on here. First statement noted that say, federal crime, the harm or obstruct a person called the testify before Congress. Oh, man, oh my. What has happened to the USA? It's really sad. Howard David joins sports USA radio network. Absolutely. Moe joins sports USA for the 2005 season is the lead table I play an answer for the networks weekly in Fella College football broadcast. Oh, dot dot dot dot. It comes to the network following three seasons as the voice of the NFL Miami dolphins and lead radio voice of an effort ball for the Super Bowl for six seasons. David's resume also includes since the broadcast voice of the jets, Boston, Celtics, New Jersey nets and Milwaukee Bucks currently hosted a daily talk show at dot dot dot dot dot. Good morning, Kueh, I'm. That's on radio. Records that I's going there. Moe. And Moe, man. Jim Sarny writes, not even I said thing about Moe Howard David. There's a comfort level in epithet. I have doing radio on the national scene. Moe says, and then Jim Sarny writes, forget about Mark Van der Merris that often is new play by playman on 790. The ticket Van der Merris signed a three year extension with the Houston Texans. The former U.S. announced her didn't see the label basketball Thursday on ESPN 1400. Remindy local listeners just how good he is. Any is. Luke Shambi who may now be the front runner for dolphins dubbed it is first baseball game for ESPN this week and we'll be on again Wednesday, where the ESPN 2 does the comes down and back game. I watched the money as soon as you're ready. Does he good? Yeah, do well. Love book. You may even say that we're enthusiastic with Josh. No, I think he does a great job. He does a great job on baseball. Wednesday when ESPN 2 does the comes down and back scene he'll be on again. Shambi will work with Rick Sarklev and Steve Stone. Steve Stone, you're fairie. And then Jim Sarny who's a little bit behind the time, Jim managed to pierce the be out his dolphins in. Let's go. But you know that. So it's not a pierce to be. He's out. You're out Jim. Sorry. We said that with great sadness and this may. And of course, they show how stupid the parties involved there were about that deal. And that business about them calling him up two nights ago at home, giving him that ultimatum. Can you appeal imagine there? Give him the business. Yeah, give him the business. But unless you do a talk show for us, you're off those off and brought him. They know he's seen a me. That's contract tampering. They already know he's signed five more years of QA in the end. They're calling him up giving ultimatum. I'd see their ass over there. OK, I take their ticket and stamp it and then stick it right with a mundo show. That's right. 27 past 11 at five, 60 WDQM. Hey, even after all this time, some of you are a little crazy about buying a bet over the phone. I can't imagine Microsoft has been doing it for a long time. And a lot of other smart folks at QM do the same. When you call 1-800 mattress, the number for dial a mattress, you'll find out they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So there's absolutely no risk. 1-800 mattresses got more repeat customers than anybody else in industry because they do a better than anybody else. Once you try it, I guarantee you'll never go back to a show or again. You'll get no nonsense, no run around, no show room shit and against no reposts. Just factory-dread prices on the best brands. You know trust and love. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling a company-wag number one in customer satisfaction they carry the best names in the universe. They got them all. Seely, certa, Simmons, King Coral, temper-petic and Stearns and Foster-Heward. And dial them after suffers. No payments are interest now until 2006. What's not to like? dial dial a mattress toll free 1-800 mattress raw there. It tells like I said, I've been using for a long time as his mole and George and Miguel and Fatwa and all the smart folks at QAM all satisfied customers. Come today or log out of the website, mattress.com for the best thing you've had in a long long time, the smart, the easy way to get you a great night sleep 1-800-MATTR-ES. Muses, and a while, cruj. Won by 67-Mant. Why the U-B mercy at Dustyd? But he's shot up in Bruce Miller's on the phone with a gun. Why you missed a wireless, Siddy? How do you do? Welcome to my show. You went a wonderfully glistening body of white, you do have, so. Joyce, you boy, huh? Yeah, not for Brooklyn. The guidance spotted a while in the day. Except that I'd died at Beth Beach with the bad fish. They'd invite a way, something to dance. You're in that business, man. Yeah, you know how it is. If you ever wake with a ring in the door, you just... No, no, no. Well, I just didn't. I didn't know he was gay. He was gay. You're in hot to believe, but they're gay. So, you know, what are those things? When I drive home, I have to pull off the road to think about this. You know, yeah, yeah. That's the movie. Hit a bomb. It's a British. Well, thank you, Mr. Willis. For this, Lumina di Coel. Yeah, cool man. Yeah, Mr. Personality. Oh, how'd you like for me Bruce Willis? For a day, a grief. I love it. You're so stupid. You're gay. You're very. Number 33, 27, 05, 60, WQM. We got Moa II, Mandogged, 4 from publics. Six O'Lan South Andrews, Avenue and 4, Latterty. You're going to go over to Sim? No. Well, I know that. Be busy. Curtis, 7-10, Eddie K. Tenicogged, doing what? Chasing your Josh's mother-rounder building. By the way, why are we apologize to Josh Curtis's mother for making those comments last week? Cause I didn't know. Why didn't you tell me that? I thought you knew. I'll be compared to Doreen. She's probably pretty hot. I would think. No comment. Not asking you. I'm asking Miguel. I'm not going to ask you to say your mother is pretty hot. Oh, geez. Congress is up some really nasty images. Yes, me. What guys look better? And then you got you some of the same about it. Like was it, Conceico or Kurt Shilling? David Letterman and his girlfriend. Thanks a lot. Enforcement officials for uncovering your plot to kidnap their 16 month old son from their Montana ranch. Saying they were forever grateful. Isn't this heart-wending? Whatever that means? The man charged yesterday with hatching the scheme, Kelly A. Frank. Worked as a painter with the talk show host 2700 acres spread near the rugged Rocky Mountain front. The 43-year old Frank equated a police had planned to hold a boy in his nanny for $5 million ransom. Lot of slime ball. Kelly A. Frank. I wonder if he's kind of del Frank. And the statement issued by the publicist for Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants. Letterman and his girlfriend Regina Lasko praised the FBI in local authorities. We will forever be grateful for their countless efforts and determination to vigorously pursue this situation. The couple said in a statement. They also said. Steven Rubenstein, a spokesman for Worldwide Pants, said he couldn't comment on what the Letterman's family was in Montana at the time of Frank's arrest. The host of CBS's late show taped three programs earlier this week, but the never coverage of the main college basketball tournament, preempted as seriously in Friday shows. Well, that's a problem with CBS to get them college hoops on their non-stop. It's just no matter what you want to watch, it's just not on her because they got like West Wichita State is playing Voisey State the girl's school for the blind and I'll come on already. Okay, it's all very important. Oh, that's our forgot about that. Neverland Housekeeper says kids drank and slept with Jackson drank. Lot of that Jesus Jews getting spread around. Michael Jackson's former housekeeper described Neverland ranch yesterday as a place where children became wild during long stays with it without their parents. Grink booze in Jackson's presence. And often slept with a puff star. You're fairer instead of in their assigned guest rooms. But under cross examination the woman testified she never saw Jackson's serve alcohol to monitors. Additionally, she said she believed the accuser and his brother were staying in guest rooms, not Jackson's room during the time the voice as he was molested. Testifying in Jackson's Chapel Station trial, Kiki Fornier said Jackson would focus as attention on particular children. All of them were boys between 10 and 15. She said the string of boys included movie star McColle Colkan, the accuser in the current case and his younger brother. A boy who scammedly reached that multimillion dollar set of mode Jackson 93 after alleging molestation and Frank Tyson. Jackson associate now in his early 20s was the name of his unindicted co-conspirator in the current case. The end of the go down and says that. But a four year old 40, he worked at the Jackson number by 12 years before leaving in September 2003. Also yesterday, one of the investigators who serves neverland sergeant con able of the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department testify that he found books with nude and semi nude photos of adolescents in the restaurant Jackson's office. And the office also contains surveillance equipment that could be used to monitor phone calls. I love her under defense crosses and emanation. He could, he said he could not say for sure whether it ever been you who didn't know what to do the equipment it could be what legally. Also considered the could of a news is part of the security system at the ranch. And a part of it in a pair of three. Now comes the most important part. The biggest story that they forget about those steroid hearings. Forget about Terry Shilow and at Veggie's native state. Little Kim faces jail. Oh my god. Right isn't that the most important story that they had. That's right. Like that guy called all been out of shape about how veredogates off a little Kim made we go to jail. And quite frankly, after those pictures we had on there was yesterday, Josh. No, it was a little ago. Yeah, two days ago. Oh, brother, she belongs on death row after that. Now, if I George does for putting that on there. The she is nasty. How are you? Wow, you're going to. Huh? That's why you're about here. No, and George is suspended for put little Kim on it. Yeah, let's do it again like they used to on the first day in George's and rehab. Or George got so many votes on the police today about you hate him that he's not here today. He's home looking his wounds. He needed that break. Right. He's not even here to hear the story on the swapping on swinging. Why swapping? We'll get to that. Rapper, little Kim, as expected, he sends to jail time after being convicted of surgery if they didn't in New York. Oh, no. How can this be? The pint size performer who won a Grammy in 2001, not for her performance alongside Pink, Maya and Kristina Agalera on the song Lady Marmalade. And if I ever see that video again, I will absolutely bust my TV screen. Don't you hate that? Yeah, it's pretty weak. Oh, and when I was in Amsterdam, that's when that was out. The summer a couple of years ago went a bit of a hell of a... And every no matter which MTV channel or music video channel and it must be 50 of a day. Every two minutes there was. Oh, geez. Be happy to replay your video. They play a lot of videos over there. That's where you find out what music is all about when you're like in a place where they play music videos. As opposed to the US, what they just have a bunch of stupid so-called, you know, rehandle these shows. Yeah, right. Anyway, she was being tried for obstructing the course of justice conspiracy and can adpurture and making false statements. The charges stand for more connection with a shootout between her entourage and associates of a rival hip-hop artist outside New York Wader Station, not 97 in 2001. Oh, it's those East Coast rappers, no West Coast rappers again. Oh, man. Prosecutors alleged that the singer lied to them during their investigation during grand jury testimony. How what about old dirty would think about this, you know? Yesterday, the singer beat the obstructed justice charge, but was found guilty on three constant, personally, one conspiracy charge. The singer told Prosecutors he was wearing dark glasses and therefore did not see her, so she was looking in Butler and Suith Jackson, take place in the shootout. But several witnesses placed the two at the scene with her. Though she left the court silent, maybe 29-year-old rapper later released the statement saying the verdict left her disappointed. The rapper will return to court June 24 for a sentence, saying she paces up to five years behind bars for each count. How you like that? The red of Bobby Blake, he walks free and poor little Tim. She's going on the inside. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. From being able to think is a deal. I should ever keep the down on those of their faculty, so that's why I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. From being able to think is a deal. I should ever keep the down on those of their faculty, so that's my power. And I'm not gonna cry. How can you die from the faculty's power? Do you know that these were just letters in? Now my heart stops. You should sometimes find out for my intestines. I guess I should have known what to expect, because in my arms, with the kind of service you can understand, I would ask to be too far away. Here's my favorite piece that I follow. Why can't you let me so you can die? Why can't you lose, get it right? My power is locked inside my body. Can't make my heart go around. Welcome. It's the past, it's the past. It's the past, it's the past. Let me tell you about what you're doing. 536 votes. Who's your all-time favorite celebrity? You've got from drugs and booze. Let's find out when those congressional hearings are going to be about what's going on in Hollywood? What's going on in the world of music? What all these up till pop and druggy, huh? I mean the notion that those hearings should have taken place yesterday is so ludicrous and so ridiculous and so totally unacceptable they're no words to describe. Leave it to me. 9Balooce 146. They love John Balooce. Giving him 266. Elvis 59. Chris 453. Marilyn Monroe 26. Kurt Cobain 18. Lenny Bruce 14. William Holden 14. Jim Morrison 12. He's moving up there. He's climbing up the ladder. Janice Johnson 12. Jerry Garcia 11. John Bonham 10. Charlie Parker 9. River Phoenix 9. Judy Garland 8. Olderdy 7. You don't keep reminding me to play that thing. But third man. Yeah. Ryan B. Fred Thompson 7. Sid Vicious 7. Is Sid Vicious? Not no. Jack Carawak 7. Keith Moon of the Who's Six. Freddy Prince 5. Shannon Hume. Oh. That's a keeps going through my mind. Lion Bellon. No way. Let's play it. Let's go to a clock with you, sir. We're getting a 40 year reason. Maybe a pretty short. Oh. I'm going to lie to say. Maybe a pretty short. Oh. I'm going to say. It's pretty bright. Did he were long for Bon Scott from ACVC3, but he had failed. The righteous brothers and Andy gave each half three. Andy give. Bradley and a well of supply. And David Ruffin 2. David Ruffin 10. Tentations. Steve Clark, death leopard 2. Rich James One John Phil for today. Mama's in Papa's one. Phil Linne at a thin Lizzy one. Am I saying that right line it? Linne? Linne? I'm not sure. Dr. Bob R. Not. Frankie Lyman one. Brian Jones of the Stones one. Montgomery Cliff. Too fair. Had one. And James Vincent don't have any. Be Bob, a Lula. They don't know he are Jane. They don't remember it all. We'll have a name of a song. Is that anyway. Be Bob, a Lula. Could have been working Nelson and be Bob Baby. Right? And then you got West Life with Bob Bob Baby. But you had be Bob, a Lula with James Vincent. And there haven't hearings on steroids. Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on either. Right? I think that Congress is on drugs. I think that anybody who votes for early on in Rosanna, Dana is got to be on heavy, heavy medication. Has got to be taken from Mendus handfuls of pills and drugs and all kinds of shots in their Com. You got to be a lunatic. What is wrong with you people? WQA and Hello. QAM. You have a chance to hear our five, a year delay. Yes sir. How are you? What are you guys? Come on. Listen man. I hate job today. A small dog. And I'm really upset that the government is worried about the steroids use. You know, okay. Well, let's put him on a list now. Yeah. WQAM Hello. And he has to be Ted Jr. Yes sir. Not another judge's on vacation. Yeah. I have a judge's on vacation with a totally boy. He's okay. Why don't you go back to your line with me bastard. And he'll open Miss Michael. Okay. You idiot. So many QAM. Hello. Yes sir. You're so. Excellent. Thank you very hour yet. So here we take. Yeah. So who cares? Just one of us. Don't care. Don't care about Phil Henry. Are you sure? And at least bed. Don't listen to him. Don't care. And now that's really important call. And here's a guy that's got such a life. I have no doubt in the commercial brace each hour. Well, he just thought he'd let you know that. Oh, I see. Well, I'm so delighted to have that very important information. And you wonder why you're looking at Ross. So there was an antenna represents South Florida. Listen to these calls. That'll tell everything you need to know. Everything you need to know. You will learn on this show. Believe me. Everything. Not most everything. Air Lee single thing. You will need to know especially about the South Florida mentality. About the people who didn't have it. That place. Not this place. That place. I say proudly and with great relief. WKOM. Hello. What about Johnny Cash? Yeah. He had a little problem here in Erlang, he walked the line. The fine line, but not fine enough. He was a mess for a while. Yeah, he was a handsome problem. I think that's a good choice for the poor. Thanks a lot, Pelle. At least he broke them and not me. They're okay. Johnny Cash. What do you say? I say yes. He's on there. He is on there right now. He walked the line. Old Johnny Cash. He couldn't say. And toward the end he was looking really bad. He kind of looked like, oh, and they got Terry Shavos. Brother Runsian and was going out about how vibrant she is. And she's very much alive. And the media's been the bad. And while he's talking, they're showing her. And she's not any kind of life support. I guess the feeding tube is not considered life support. Is that what he's trying to say? Because if they were moving to feeding tube, she will die in a very, just a few days. But he claims she's not any life support, whatever he's saying. But she's very vibrant and very much alive. He said they hit it with five shots and she's still alive. What he said? 70 Q AM. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes sir. I also do a talk show and I want to make compliments. What do you also do a talk show? What does that mean? Who are you? My name is Steven. I'm going to pay you a compliment. You want to hear it? Go ahead by me. You see you also do a talk show. I mean, that's provocative. Where do you do it? I don't know. I'm not here to play. I don't want to meet a compliment. You think there won't be a lot of that. That was a late Steve Allen's biggest hit on his history of his TV show. Yeah. He read that or there used to be a, forget it in the magazine. You do a talk show where? Here in town. On a radio station in town? Yeah. On a real, over the radio station? Yeah. And who are you? My name is Steve Charlton. Steve Charlton? Charlton. Charlton? Charlton. Like in Sydney, Charlton. Oh, Charlton, Charlton. Yes. What station are you on Steve? Well, I don't like you for five and a half years. You know, they switched in Almond, 1080. We're 1080. What's that? It's all Spanish. There's 50,000 Washington. There's the only thing I can get. Well, I'd like to ask you Steven to add a Steve Allen. Okay. I think you'll be joining him soon. How do you like it was that incredible or what? And it was like, woo! This day has been so smoking, man. I can't even begin to describe it to you. Between that very first call, which was so good. I forgot what that was. It was sensational, but I forget it. Is that the one about little Kim? Yeah. We got the first call. It was little Kim and, and, and, and, and, but, Redder. And now this guy, Sydney Shelton, a whatever his name is. Shelton, uh, similar Shelton Solomon. He's on 1080. 1080. I forgot to ask him what time he's on so we can be sure. Miss it. 10 to 2. There you go. And listen, we can't compete with the toast O.J. in omelet and, uh, grits and, uh, whatever. Can't compete with that crap. You'll say, that's Shelton. And, and Shelton and we got Jerry Spring and I, we got the Booster, man. They're just pilot on now. How do we stay on the air? How do we do it? I just like to point out that, Lynn Sandiol is on serious radio every day. And, Lynn, even though she is a friend. She's, she's a broadcaster like, like, Josh is an expert on body. You know? Yeah. In other words, she, like, you just kind of like dabbles around with it. But she's on serious. So many, obviously, need some serious help. And yet, I haven't heard of, I'll discouraging or an encouraging word from a certain somebody, you know? Not the norma. Haven't heard of warden last 24 hours or something. Really rotten in Denmark. That's okay. We'll keep fumbling our way along. I'll have enough money to take the wood by and make my contribution. I'll somehow get through. I heard some of that, hey, Shelton, who's that norma? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not sure if I've been jealous. WKM, who? What's there? WKM? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, man, that's not what's taking a walk. Who are you saying? People here like such a jerk, man. You can't even walk with, they would say something, you know, like, call, you know, like, up sin name. Really? People here like, jerk, you know? I can't wait to get out of here, you know? Well, good luck to you, pal. You'll probably see out of an animal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They are whipped up about these, right, hearing is man. I am telling you. In fact, if they really wanted to get the attention to self-floor, if they had hemorrhide hearings, I'm sure that we get a much bigger, or a tune in audience than they got for these steroid hearings. Thank you. I'll talk me into watching though. You will watch. I know you. And I wouldn't know what, but I came back from Lush and I turned the thing on and quite frankly, I couldn't turn it off. I could not turn that thing off. You were hooked. I was absolutely hooked. No questions. That's absolutely right. No, I'm a semi-sosa. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I can't say. I don't know. I can't say. I don't speak any glaze. I mean, what was he even doing there? What was he even doing there? And Mark McGuire, would I? Do you know, as soon as he started out with the tears, nobody has raised remittance for children of yours. So right, I don't want to fear. Yeah. On the advice of my attorney, I'm not here to talk about the past. I'm not here to talk about the past. I'm not here to talk about. Hey, how are you feeling Mark? I'm not here to talk about the past. Hi, Howard. Was yesterday Wednesday, Mark? I'm not here to talk about the past. WKOM. Hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Pretty good, Pally. It was Neil. I'm the Mr. Robyn with Dean Martin's but on the apple. He drive drive, die from booze. He didn't die from booze. He had a few in his time. No, that was a big puller on. That was all part of his stick. He didn't know what I was. Yeah. He was a real governor. I thought. Trust me what I'd tell you, Pally. It's an off-to-drink a lot more than he ever did. Well, I haven't jerry, man. They made a heck of a change. Yeah, he did. Yeah, well, Jerry, of course he really became big in the industry. Oh, I think his head is back to about two thirds. It's kind of like a melon. I want you in the bottom together. And me. And I can do. Rich and small, salty and fun. And it's my point of view for it's not saying. You're listening to Neil. What is it? I'm in the background, man. I want to hear that. It's 60. What's you? A. Please, really ask with so many from yours. And listening to the Neil. Okay. I'm going to use the hour. See guys. From the world. All right. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery ride. All right. Pickery, tickery, blank. Is it a dock, the peer, see, Marina, or a D inlet. Oh, man. Is the $100 question right? You're kidding me, right? Is the $100. For $100. Is it the million dollar question? This is the first one. Only $400. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a lifelong? Yeah. What do I got? Well, we have the ass, the audience, the 5050 and the phone of friend. Ass the audience. Not too many white people in here. That's 5050 and I'm a hell of me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery ride. Yeah. All right. Who are we going to call puppy? Oh, my butt. Oh, dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah. There he we call him. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. You. Oh, dirty. Yeah, man. Reach us, Felvin, from who wants to be a million. How are you? Hey. Got your friend here. Puff Daddy. Go dirty. What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? All right. All right. All right. Oh. What's that? Oh, dirty. Puff Daddy's got a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. The first question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you a full possible choice. Are you set? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. Why? No. You dirty. Finish this off for me. All right. Hey, man. Hey, Korean Dickery. Blank. Is it? Hey. Doc. B. P. P. C. Marino. Or D. In the. Oh. Come on, man. I'm going to show you. I know this. Me. No. I hear you. P. You sure? But third man. This is a lot of money, man. But third. All right, man. Take you very much. I'm in. Time's up. All dirty. Said, peer. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just bought a full audience? No. I'm not a fan. I'll actually know that there's only three lifelines you've used one. You have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puppy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puppy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puppy, you're a 50-50. What's he asking? Puppy, it's Doc. It's a A. It's Doc. My final answer is Doc. It's Doc. And it's a good one. You got all of it on it. Run you run you. Run you. Run. You're a f***. It's a double. It's a 204 and 560WQA. About 30 minutes. Five, six, seven. It don't forget to flip it in that by the way. Thank you. 560, 560, pound five, 60 on the Verizon, sing it a little bit. It had not one person call a show who admits to ever voting for Alienware's Andedana. I mean, realize, for the most part, they're not proud. Huh? It'll listen to your show. I just said it's for the most part, it's not our crowd. Your and T. There's a few out there. Our vegetables. And believe me, 560, pound five, 60 on the Verizon and sing it a little bit. Wireless line. WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, how you doing? Great. What I was thinking was Sam Kenshin? Yeah, Sam Kenshin is excellent. That's a good choice. You know? And thank you so much. I have a great day. I am good by. Sam Kenshin, what do you say? Similar thing I was eating on the phone, which I don't want to hear that. Oh, I did just have me a delicious piece of ass. See I'll go cheese. Of what? A piece of ass. See I'll go cheese. Have you ever had that? That's like how now I'm a man. It's good. It's oh, it is great stuff. WQA. Hello. Now that's a lawsuit is in full swing. WQA. Hello. I want you to prove, nearly. WQA. Hello. He's your incendation. Read a phone. WQA. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I think they're simple. I said, I said, sir, sir, sir. I just have drug testing positive. Just in the whole US Congress. Yeah. I mean, I feel like they've heard you. I feel like the last thing is stock of the world. I mean, that is the best we got. I mean, you actually want to question, but you don't want to tell them that I have to answer it. Yeah. It's like a big show. Of course. I just have dog and pony show for the cameras. That's all. I mean, who voted for these people? I want them to sit there. You know, man, your neighbors, your cousins, your uncles, your monkeys, your monkey, everybody, your distant relatives, they all voted for these people. Well, they say they should be drug tested to them. The top advisor to Senator Hilary Rodden Clinton thinks fellow Democrat John Kerry ran what was basically an inconsistent campaign from President last year. Accordingly, published report, Clinton and Kerry are considered potential rivals for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination. I mean, if Kerry really believes that he's going to run again, I can say that is. Oh, my. I'm only. The Kerry campaign had a different message every two or three weeks and Lewis direct their communications for Clinton's political action committee told forward a weekly New York City base paper aimed at a Jewish audience. Oh, Lewis is quoted as saying the Kerry campaign kept trying to actually convince the put a president together line by line plan by plan. She said people don't vote for plans. They vote for presidents asked about the forward report. Lewis told the AP that are comments reflect general post election conversations about campaign strategy that we're discussed throughout the party. I worked very hard for John Kerry's election. Lewis told the AP saying she was deeply sorry he lost. It doesn't sound like the end Lewis. I work with the Kerry campaign in 2004 said Jenny back as a Kerry political aide after reading the forward story. Kerry in putting a very close back, I said it. They're working together. A lot of good bills. He's doing a big fundraiser for her in Boston. He had a lot of big fundraiser for in Washington DC. As Senator Clinton said, after the elections, you think John Kerry ran a strong campaign, said it in spokesman Philip Reigns. Right. Hank Shine Cough, a veteran Democratic representative said, Lewis is comments are not helpful to Hillary, but Hillary needs to say smooth plain field. He said all this does his great waves. Don't make waves, baby. We want a real smooth playing field. And by the way, Hillary, you're fair. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6. Others Terry Ramswood, the fairy. Basically asking that the federal court here in Tampa review the actions by the state. What they're trying to do is put anything in motion, anything at all that will guarantee that doctors do not cut off her food. It works on the hard time. It's not successful. That's a good deal. You were thinking that way. 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, well, we got 51 minutes. And not that we're counting or anything like that, right? 51 minutes until they're supposed to take out that tube. And if Hillary Anna was anywhere nearby, I could tell them exactly where they're sticking. That's good. They don't want to talk about her, okay? The most embarrassing person on the soft floor to landscape. There's nobody even close. Even your fine ass governor, Jeff, isn't in the same league with her. She just gives me spilthe his man. She takes my guts and twist him inside and I can tell him into a nut. WM, hello. 8, the crow's on steroids. I shot him up. They have good. Keep, keep at it. Just make sure we don't come back. WM, hello. Yeah, no. Sam Kittison was killed by a truck right around. I don't think he belongs in the fall. Yeah, but Sam Kittison wasn't, you know what I'm saying? Okay. But, right now, see how I have to wrap background. I have time all I'm on a year. That's why I did my research last night of these other ones. Yeah. I was just opening actors with New York State tour. Really, you doing one? Sir, I'm a comedian. Yeah. Do we know who you are? I doubt it. Are you on with a San Shapiro guy in a weekend? On 10, you know I'm not. If I work real hard, man, maybe someday. Okay, thanks for the info pal. Yes, sir. San Kittison was hit by a truck in truck driver. Okay, didn't die from drugs. Even, of course, he did a lot of drugs. But, let me sign. Get him off of there right away. See, this is what happens when we take the word from the audience. So, we don't do a lot of heavy duty research. Right. I'll have to see if Eric is there. Now, he ought to be there by now. It's 1209 for crying out loud. Yeah, sure. I'm sure Eric is there right now. Working feverishly on whatever he's doing, trying to make a couple of bucks. Robert couple of nickels together. John Valushi, he's got this one one. I hate the ones where they, you know, the winner isn't it. But it's a good battle after that. Who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs or booze or as an after result? John Valushi, 157, Jimmy Henry 76, Elvis 66, Chris Farley 61 and then swayed down after that to Merlin Monroe 29 because we almost she was killed anyway. Kurt Cobain, 19, Jim Morrison, and we put on late. We apologize profusely. Jimmy might be listening now. He's got a team. Let me Bruce 17, where you've been holding 17, Janice Dapplin 14, Jerry Garcia 13. That cherry garce is okay. It's not their best flavor by a long shop, but it's okay. I do, I do, I really hate hugging those. I'm so mad at them. I could just, if there's nothing I cannot stand. Unlike, Curse the alley. It's cookie go. Well, what is the big deal with cookie dough? No idea. In fact, the one person I remember who I worked with who just loved cookie dough was Rick Riley and that's right up his alley. And that is his taste. He is the definitive goi is Rick Riley. I mean, the ice cream's okay. I mean, it's not bad. All hugging those ice cream is there is one word to describe it. Okay, watery. Real ice cream isn't watery. Even if you put it in the microwave and nuked for a little while like I do to like to soften it up to it and have to like, you know, like it turned on your freezer a little bit. You know what you have freezer? You know, how put it in my freezer? Are you dreaming, Mr? What? I never get ice cream. I never have it in the house long enough to put it in the freezer. You must be on drugs, man. Let's get some square white cheese going. You know, to put it in my freezer. You fair. Yeah, you're crazy. You're crazy. Oh, sorry. It comes out of the microwave. I don't even know what I'm going to want to. It goes right into the microwave and that's it. 67 seconds for our pint. I don't want to go into a court and be on that. Oh, what? 67 seconds in the microwave. It smells like a lot. No, it's not though. It's not because when you listen to me, when you buy it from the supermarket or convenience store, most of the time it's really frozen very hard. It's like a rock. Yeah. So I mean, you get it home. It's softer already. No, my places are very close by. Believe me. I run back to the house. I race. Especially if you're on the first one. And just about. No, you in other words, you never took my ice cream and put it in the microwave and you get a little bit to soften it up. You've never done that. No, Jesus. Oh, my God. You probably eat that dulce de lait stuff. I'm not sure what I'm doing. That is such swell. That's good. Have you ever had that trash? No, don't. Don't. Don't. It's not good. It's crap. I'm going to start talking about fish food on here and our Cuban friends with Colin. Well, that's a good stuff. Me, I'm going to share a special about tell you that new dulce de lait. It's talking about it's more watery. It's crap. Oh, man. Even else, I've already been cowers embarrassed by that crap. I'm going to be a little ruckus. If you are lies, you won't be bound to come out of the sea. Yeah. It's Friday, you first do. Hello, Jenny. I just want to see you, sounds. Just 75 to go. Cause you know me. I can always be a jick on, I can. Better put that fat of cheating down. And it went for a teeny, teeny, teeny, teeny. Just 50, I'll be baby. When am I getting my dessert? Doing jelly cray, cus you'll be in round. I like you can see it myself. I can make them warm. But you're still pretty. You're laying by a star. And I'm your damn sexy in your trip on the next day. Oh, scurs. Actually, not at least good. It's a poor city. Stank me to the inn. I'll see you on the deal in the past. But it's a me show. So, for say no, thank you. Men and staff, they all that rock could be no. So, for say no, creed home. This is Lincoln's sign. Angel out through the snow. So, for say no, thank you. So, for say no, we don't count much to grow. Oh, yeah, she's about as sexy as a humongous, fine melon. I take it one thing. The same people who voted for really Anna Rosanna, they're the ones who eat dulce de la Chine. I'm telling you that right now. I mean, I just didn't exhaust his study on it. I went online and I examined it. Did you try it? I had tried it. Okay. Back in the day, when he first called in there, and this coming at a time when I was discussing pedagiri's fish food. And the discuss dulce de la Chine, the same time that I'm talking pedagiri's fish food. And the same breath is like it's blasphemy. It's like talking George W. Bush in the same breath with Franklin Roosevelt. I mean, it is absolutely unacceptable. Speaking of unacceptable, way to hear this about. And the speaking about Bush and right wing lunatics, Austin Texas, the Friday night lights and Texas could soon be with a bumping and grind insure leaders. Legislation filed by representative Allen words. We'll put it in the sexually-suggested performances at athletic events and other extracurricular competitions. It's just too sexually-oriented. You know the way they're shaking their behind and going on. Right. Breaking it down, said it towards the 26 year veteran of the Texas house. And then when you say to them, don't get involved in sex unless it's marriage or love. It's dangerous out there and yet the teachers and directors are helping them go through those kind of jarrations. And he's getting all worked up about it evidently. Under Redwood's Bill of a School District knowingly permit sex or performance, France from the state would be reduced and amount to be determined by the education commissioner. I guess by the same number of dollars, an extumber dollar is free to shake, right? Yeah. For every bumping grind. Edward said he filed a bill as resolved a several instance and the same such rival performances in his district. J.M. Ferris, owner of Austin Cheer Factory, said cheerleading officials, and others would welcome the law. Cheering competition he said penalized for suggested movements or any vulgarity. Any coaches who are good wouldn't put that in their routines. He said, and most girls cheer on Friday nights were trained by professionals who know better he said. I don't think this law would really shake the industry of all and title against parents of better feeling, mostly dads and boyfriends too he said. Although cheerleading is must be the same low pass no play academic requirements of athletes, cheerleading is not a competition safe and body university in the scholastic league. The governing body of Texas high school sports. The UIL also does not have performance regulations for squads who cheer for the teams at state championships. I think we should have been cut out a long time ago and we would say it needs to be toned down when it's out toned down. Cut it out. Don't say the late team might ask. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 under Verizon and singular robis lines. WQAM, hello. Why the primary have picked with the WQAM? I am going to have to fry the firm. I am going to have to fry the firm. I always put my ice cream in the microwave. You can get up for a couple seconds. I taste better like that. Right? I know you like the heat bar. Have you ever tried the heat bar? I just came with the shell. I can't be shell that you pour on it. Oh, no, that's not to be diabetic. They would tell me in a coma. I can do that. Even even I couldn't handle that. I will hate how about a poll about that ice cream. OK. Vanilla is going to win me. Hey, trust me. I will bet many bells life on it right now without even thinking about it too long. I have some of them this week. OK, so you have work on it on Monday. Yeah, vanilla ice cream. Any kind, you know? Am I right? Any kind of vanilla ice cream? Vanilla ice cream wins hands down. It is the most widely bought ice cream. Not in America only, but in the world. In the world. And by the way, again, go back to the poll today. And to the musicians and the actors and all these celebrities far transcending because baseball to be a very honest with us lost a lot since I last write. Transcending baseball by a million miles, just like the NFL pass it like a was standing still for America's real past time in the favorite sport. The actors and movie stars, singers, all of these people, musicians, rock stars. These people are, um, million has been shoulders in terms of influence over young people than baseball players. Can we agree on that? Yes. Is there any debate about that? No. With kids? With young people. They're talking about teenagers. High school, baseball players, but the steroids. High school kids. Annel Essence. Who do you think you have more into musicians or baseball players? You universally all around the world? Yeah, musicians, no, that's okay. Not talking about little kids. I don't think we have to make little kids do in Royads. Although, yeah, never land. Never land, I understand some of them have them. I'm not really sure where they came from. WQA and hello. I'm the techest John Kibble. WQA and hello. Yeah, I'll let you work, remember, John. Sangers subject to what a jackass you are. We all know that already though and have a wonderful weekend. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and. Yeah, um, a whole different year. Speaking. New. Yeah. I'm going to New. It's more subtle. How are you sir? I don't know that. New. I just wanted to tell you. Ask the old salad guy. This mentioned his name a couple of days ago. I wasn't trying to say, we needed to dig you out of the woodwork somewhere. Marcellalwood year, challenge. Oh, yes. Oh, did you? Did you mention my name? Yeah, I did. I don't know that. What? I haven't been able to hear you as much as I used to. And why is that Marcellal? I've been busy. I've been busy. I've just got to go on the road more in the morning. So I haven't been able to catch up. But I just wanted to tell you, I'm number one. Biggest fan of Jose can segment. I don't have him and I bought a blow on it. Oh, and why is that because he stole a crap or because you're taking it to do it, Roy. Is that it? No, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I think he's something to chew it. I want to see that, uh, they're talking about a paper view or he goes under a light detector on paper view. So, our class, you're question, we, we do listen to me. Because I know you're all whipped up into a frenzy. You must be on some kind of drugs. When you listen, I'm only here. There is a man who pedaled a book, who pedaled a book and goes in front of Congress yesterday. And because he doesn't want to go back to the slamer for probation violation. He says the book took two years to write and now he's changed his mind. And you're singing his praises. You want to blow up my mind. No, I'm only singing. But I do think there's a lot of talking about it. No, I'm only kidding, but I do think there is a lot of c behind some of that. And I don't know. Don't think about it. It'll clean up the sport, even though I don't think steroids. Oh, are you listening to this show? Yes, sir. He says what I'm hoping is that some more intelligent forward-looking voices will come out in urge baseball to embrace the potential of steroids to fight for their place in the game and in our lives. Any other question? No, I agree with that. I agree with that. But as far as you agree with her, you agree with her. You agree with her. What? That the people in baseball ought to come up for steroids? Well, no, but that the truth should be known. Did you hear anything that I just got to have you voted for a alienarost latent? Never. Yes, you have. I can't tell you. Have you ever had Hagendas dulce de la Chiais cream? Never. Don't worry. Yeah, I have to. Yeah. No, I think the fish food I swear to you. Say, might you butter? Yeah, that goes back a little bit. All right. Call the comic again in 10 years more. So I'm not too soon. Now, did you hear that? Did you follow that? I read him something very clear, very specific, and don't let the words confuse him. Man, America, the land of the dumps. You want to see the Rogers? Yes, it's a gluesin' way. On five six six, you'll go through the movies. You can't hear. Oh, what's the problem, Madison? The boy from the rear. My God, my God. If you're a God driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belts safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click as for the shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists tax such as mouth noise. Curvings and fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We are saying that the law. The law. The law. I bet you're getting a little tanky there when he made the reference to Fartson. But that's been de-farted that did by Boca Brian's. You better cover, speaking of eating. Yes? Tony Feetson. Oh, thanks again to Brad at Tony's Pizza. He is the heat of man. He is just great. He's our new hero. I have been for a long time. Always comes up through for us. Always feeds the whole entourage. Never ask for anything. Never comes in and tries to get free plugs. Boca, grab a lot of us. Good people. They are great people. They are right up there on 441 at 190th. It's on your side of the box. On a box. Brian 329 Northwest Checking out. There you go. Laura's in Michael Jackson's child sex trial. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He's a very good man. He went to Michael Jackson's school extended calendar year to last. This place is over explosion when you start a wherevel latina Gladel really was Kwang Helmusj could have just a dollar 1500. I'm afraid of a boy. I think seems like donating about 30 cents He took his time into college. He was a tiny bit. General Charges again, singer Paul Abdul for a lead, said, run freeway, excellent last December. Frank Matelhan, the city attorney spokesman in LA, said, Emercades bends belonging to the American Idol judge took another card to December 20 on the 101 freeway in the San Fernando Valley. The driver apparently failed to look while changing lanes, and didn't stop to exchange inflammation. Nobody was hurt in the accident, the driver and passed near the struck cart of down the Mercedes license play number and photographed it with a cell phone camera that played with trace to Abdul. Abdul was out of the company yesterday, could not be any of you to be reached for comments that her public is Stephanie Shearer. I'd be like that. Speaking of California by the way, and again, we've said it a couple of times today, but you can never say it too much, especially for that one punk. You know, that Marcelo thing, that that's typical. Why does he have to lie? I haven't heard from that guy since I OD. He's out of the ever called the administration ever. And I made some, remember, Josh, I made some comments the other day about the Marcelo when the challenge for my OD. Yeah. And all of a sudden he calls us and I said, Oh, you must have, oh, no, you talk about me. Oh, my, my, you're that though, yeah. Yeah, right. You're so full of it, man. You've got salads coming out of your ears. It's to bring salads into be healthy, but it would be the ones with all the marshmallows in the air that when they call that stuff. That's right. That was, yeah. In a salad? Yes. Go on. Okay. The little marshmallows, the little tiny ones, everything for that. And it's like pure sugar, the whole thing. It's like, you know, diabetic's nightmare. So thanks a lot, Marcelo. But we're seeing each other. I mean, that conversation, that and Ellie, we're really, really, and it was that of them. That little victimized all these years I've been on the year in this town right there. I get back to California. Our California's ready to pay $3 a gallon for gas. Some already are. How do you like that? Oh, my God. For 76 Union Station on Pacific Ocean Highway and Malibu is doing brisk business, despite self-serupum selling regular on-loaded at $3.5 a gallon. And Supreme on-loaded at $3.15 a gallon. I think what they mean is premium. Supreme on-loaded, well, whatever. From Alibu residents who don't want to step out of their luxury cars, in other words, full serve, which has anybody even do full serve anymore? Unless you're like a real idiot. No. No. But those who want it, full serve pumps are selling fuel at $3.33 for regular and for high-test, $3.38. Thank you, Mr. President, for $3.38. Gasoline for those low gas prices. Thank you so much. Mr. President. You're fair. Yeah. You're a bad guy. Good-bye, that corvette. What about it? That's why I'm here with you. That's why I don't drive it all out much because I can't afford to put any gas in it. I tell you it's in pristine condition, man. It's in pristine condition. Have you ever need anybody to drive it around? No. No. Who's your all-time favorite celebrity? Now you haven't seen my red one. The new, the 2005. It's a red one. The keyless entry. Yeah. Cool. Not your regular corvette red, but like a new red that came out with, like metallic red. Oh, man. The keyless entry. Keyless entry is only here. The key like in your pocket. The door opens. You sit down. No key, no ignition. Very nice. You press a button that starts up. When you get to where you're going, you press another button and the engine shuts off. When you walk out with the key in your pocket, automatically get a few feet away from it. The door is locked. And you like that. It's for lazy slabs like me. Anyway, your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs and or booze, and we are not going to have any congressional hearings about this. And the reason I'm doing the pull again today if you two did like this, because these baseball hearings yesterday, one of the most embarrassing episodes in the history of the United States Congress of Worcester or so many, and now we got the Terry Shival thing that they, it's just never ends. In important business, they just can't seem to get done. To take care of really important issues. To take care of people. Can't do it. But they're going to protect all these kids from a steroids. Yeah, yam mama, who you can. John Duluth, you 1803, nobody's going to come close to Duluth, you man. Not even close. Jimmy Henry's 85, Chris Farley's 71, Elvis 71, Maryland, Maryland, Maryland, and since way down to Maryland. Make the county's colder. Jim Morrison's 22, Kurt Cobain, 21, Bill Holden, 19, John Bottom, 18, Lenny Bruce 17, Janice Top on 16 Andy, oh, Andy Garcia, that's what you're thinking. Oh, sorry. Do you like Andy Garcia? Yes. Like I said, sorry. Now you and George. It's a Cuban thing. It was Cubans. Old Dirties got 12. See it's a good thing I've played that bit. We got old Dirty Moving Up. River Finess has got, uh, where is it? He's got 11, 2D Garland 11, Charlie Parker 10. Everybody else single digits, even said, vices only at nine. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60, Andy Verizon, singular wireless line. More Howard David at the new star of sports, uh, new USA, what does that network? Whatever it is. More will be longer, 2 in and mad dog from publics. That's six or one South Andrew's 70, four, a lot of day, four to seven, Curtis 70 10, and he can't 10. That's it. No games today. Now what's the story on CBS? I'm sure they've already got some of those games on. You think? Yeah, better and new. Oh, do yourself with a great tasting, less filling Miller line. Oh, sorry, they're in commercial break. What is playing Ohio right now? Up strong. On the floor, any of these, out of bounds. Touch last while Ohio. The games are hands 16 to 10, where for the Marin and taking the day up to St. Patrick's Day? The ability to convert that's why his own is a dangerous weapon against Florida. I'd say. Where did they find these guys on? He sounded a little like that to St. Patrick. Right, a little dig-by-tell on heavy green booze. I don't know, but go for it. Is that the only game that's on? No, there's got to be some other game because that's in a cool life spot right now. I've got a bunch of games going on, but the only game in our sports station we get one game. So that's it. That's right. I got games up to the old Yingying here, man. Well, you got all the games all over the place. I got a Gulfstream and Acquita Gracing going on. I think there's this guy in other school day. I got the staff there. This is looking pretty cutter. Yeah, cut this. How many QAM? Hello. Does this mean? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I just, uh, yesterday I saw that Ely and Iraq lately is in flying for the chairperson on the, uh, house in a national relations committee. Oh, my God. And I've got to the website and she's in charge of, guess what? The Middle Eastern International Relay. I made so lot of sense to me. Now, when was Cuba in the Middle East? Did they buy it? I don't know. I don't know. But the only thing is, is now we can answer what's the problem in the Middle East. Do you get her offsite? It's her. If you ask what the problem is with anything, it's her. If you have bad diarrhea, man, she caused it. But yesterday was their day. It was same Patrick's day to grantees. I think you know what I'm saying? That's right. I forgot that. Okay, Pally. But. Good luck to us. Ely and I rose in to Dana, baby. You know, nobody wants to touch her with a ten foot pull after that performance yesterday. You're just killing Cuba. Cuba. Fidget. Five minutes of rambling on would like her. Like an auto biography. And how much she loves raffy and Sammy and Jose, you better go down there and talk to them kids at Coral Park High. And I went to school up to street. And everybody hates me like poison. And I'm a bubble head and Gilder Wagner's rolling over in her grave. You're listening to the new world that we see that was by with a death on five and so does Dan. Come to Pena and a republic, baby. Oh, we're Miami. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of that. I'm late, but then I'm here to stay. I saw me on my his side. Sound the name of the year in the office for life and oh, it's all too. Of the foolishness that you inside. That's true. You're a fom a tiny little liner. That's made in 20 to why you're lying. You know what else? Why you're lying in. Outside the day, it's not the line. I'm still been as confused as you'd be for me to be as bad as you'd be. But for most of your new days for the media, the camera. And the professional TV power, and I find it's me like on your savior. What are your meaning with causes? I've got a hammer to be at your heart. You're fair. From 47 to 5, 16 of you come in. It's very timely that you send me this note here about Joe Costello being in town and says hi, is he there? No, he's not here. Oh, well, who sent this? I did. Well, he thought like here in person. Oh, I see. Hi, Joe. The reason I say that is because Joe, this is auto racing show on XM. Right. And at one point, we discussed he brought it up. He said, I'm not sure if he's going to be in. Well, you know, XM needs some programming. I'll be out of it. But it looks like right now because I just got an email from a certain normal. It looks like we're going to get serious maybe. Good. Two and I'm saying. Yeah. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. You know, Josh, you need to do somebody. You've been hanging around with Dave and boring to her on, you know. That's that. That's that. The lady like you're a body that lie like body wash your shower and with that. Now. Oh, you said it smells like lie locks or something like that. Just wash it off. Okay. Wash it off and the soap tool and you'll just be fine as wine. Oh, speak in a bed. Wait, wait. See, this is America for you. We got 12 minutes until we've removed the tube or not. It will be right on top of that, baby. We'll be all over it like stink on Maddie Bell. Guess who's getting wedding proposals? Scott Peterson. Of course. On Scott Peterson's first day on death row, two women called Santa California San Quentin State Prison to say they were interested in mirroring him. Police folksman, Vernelli Quentin, didn't say about 3,000 women called San Quentin with messages as a support for the prison's newest bachelor convicted and sentenced to die for the murder of his pregnant wife, Lacey. Two of them actually indicated to our staff their purpose for calling was marriage. Yet it's not unusual for a night's to get married while on death row. Peterson wearing orange prison scrubs and shackles arrived at the notorious prison about 4am. But he took him to the police station and he was wearing a bulletproof vest because of security concerns. It was removed once inside the compound. Critten and said that his Peterson was placed into his 41 square foot cell. He sat on his bucket and stared at the wall. Scott, I guess you want to lay down, pick a nap now. And obviously he said he responded, man, I'm just too jazzed. He even think about sleeping. He's jazzed. And with that, the cells mumbled or locked shut and the prison staff walked away. Well, my God. And I was in the bed. One of the guards turned around and yelled, you're fairy. That was it. I mean like that. Two of them ever proposed a lot of, in the first hour that he's in the slamer. And you think there are a lot of really sick people and you wonder why Bonnie Lee basically got her. You wonder why? She had to come in. How could anybody say? It's one of the few things I agree with George wholeheartedly on the bitch had to come in. And he knows about, you know, that kind of thing. Does he? That's right here. WDQ. I am hello. Hey, I need a good afternoon. So that's an order. Let's start. We've been with you. A seven o'clock today. Iliana Roslett and Nicole, the three Q1 so-called Q and a station. Oh, my God. Okay, to give a report of what happened. Like, I mean, she worked for free. You know, a D3 station have two reporters in Washington. They laid on the as ballad on her. And she, she said this. And I'm quoting almost. The most important part of what happened yesterday is when Prof. Lito, Rafaelito, me and Palmeiro said that he will not play in Cuba, where Castro is there. He does need those cars. Okay, that's what was the most important scene of the whole. Oh, yeah. That was the whole. Isn't that what all hearing was about just to make sure to get a few shots in fell in there? Um, I think that's what it was all about. Oh, my God. I can see the tender or anything like that. But that three three stations between seven and seven, that is this morning. Kedios Amigus, we've done so. And the notice there's now one person in this town who will call an issue and admit they've ever voted for her. Oh, my God. Change in my district by the way. Yeah. And you never voted for me. I will vote for King Kong. If if you're on against her, if he is embarrassing, he is ashamed. And he's one issue person. Nothing else. She hasn't done anything for that. Three in 12 years that she's been in Congress. Uh, by the way, have you watched Bob Sheef or in CBS? I'm all done with him. But he watched him two nights and when he said, Oh, he's going to. Oh, my God. That was the end. That was the end. Thank you very much. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, never watched CBS. There was a Bob Sheef or the anti-cross man. We are thinking the same. Okay. There's a little too. Hope he and I sit him to Oki Finoffy to the swamp. Oki, Oki, Oki. I still let go of me go and don't forget. Oki, Oki, Oki. Oki, Oki, Oki. See it. Oki, Oki, Oki. Rubber, Ducky. Bob Sheef or my ass. Bob, I'm telling you, you know CBS has got the CBS, I is crying like Allison Wonderland and it's just pouring not for tears. They're going to drown the sea of their own tears. You're like this, do I? For buffalo. There's not too much to like about buffalo. I guarantee that. They've ever been in buffalo? Never. Josh? No, no, no, no. Don't do it. I won't. I'll toilet. I know you're talking about. What do you mean you're on talking about? The T.P. The what? Oh, and then we'll just see that story. Ah, I have faith in the air. Read them on our website. No, actually. The buffalo area is county budget crisis is taking a toll on the bathrooms at least one public building in buffalo. Eury County has had to slice 2,000 jobs and cut back on services in order to close more than a hundred million dollars budget shortfall. In the wrath building in downtown Buffalo, workers report that the bathrooms aren't being cleaned or maintained. One long time worker the building tells buffalo's WGRZ TV that there's no soap, no paper towels or toilet paper in the restrooms. Speak at the WGRZ. How's that the CBS affiliate I wonder? Let me take a look. No, that's WVIVB. There's WGRZ right now. They got family feud. How much money the profession given church each week? You said. $50. $50. But third man. What a great church. No. Survey said. Not too good. Anyway, that's WGRZ. You know how to do that. How could anybody also do that? Just pop or write on your. Pop or write on there. The wrath building is helping many county offices, including the county executive Joel Gianbra, the Department of Social Services and Health Department. Here's the upshot of this story which I nearly got sidetracked because of you. It's so bad. Some county employees are bringing in their own toilet paper. Another supplies. The workers told WGRZ. It's like working in another country. A bad country. And that is buffalo. I arrest my case. Oh, what I'll do with how is he. So fat boy. What a great man. That is this. That's buffalo. A toilet. 560560 pound. 560 leave a rise in singular wireless line. WQA and hello. Pretty good. I had a little radio access other day when you're doing the hall of painful. Oh, I was over there at 790. Yeah. How come I can't hear this guy anymore? Is your phone cracking out? Hello. Yeah, yeah. I lost you. I'm sorry. Anyways, I flipped over to real quick. And this guy comes on with OChemic Dusty and he goes, you know, that ginger rodgers of 560 says, all you guys are terrible to for Joe Rose. And so, J. McTupy didn't say anything. And then they call it good. You know, I'm the worst chronic on QAM. I'm the Shambha guy. Oh, that's the best news in the year. As we can ship him over there, man. I mean, hey, please. I mean, not only is he a circle of cheer, coolio, saggy chronic. He's not, or, is not, or whatever. But you get to play, son. He's harassing those guys. He's not drinking you, man. What are I telling you? I've tweeted that a million times. The chronics, they don't have any loyalty. Anybody that will put them on and feed their egos and then try to give them some semblance of a life. They'll go anywhere that somebody will listen to them and put them on for five seconds or more. It's tragic and it's enclosing. Whoah. Okay. Good choice. In fact, I'm not sure which, and then I'm being the poll one day. What's the best line by Al Pacino either? Tuma. Right. Or. You're fairie. You're a little runger. I'm five, sixty. And. Yeah. There goes the audio, though. That was that. Yeah, that was that. I was having problems all day. Oh, no. And just died. It was half a last spot in the break. Yes, it was. I'll be there. Well, and it's maybe a good thing that it died because the Terry Shiveos tube will not be removed. Oh. Penalis County judge should a restraining order and they will not be removing the tube. As we speak. I like them. So I can't just a chance to like brace him a hot news. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. A long long time ago. It was 1900. And Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they poured it like it was 1890. 99. It were events that made you shiver. But there were times we did the libel. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that man did in the end. A century we were present. This is how it went. My, my, how the time it did, by sense. It started some deported man. It's he's we did try. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they poured in their blade into light. And the start of radio. Signified had his month to thank. And once a theory and next play. And the titanic that story. We all know. Well, world war one is soon began with shooting. Archdiocese heard and then millions died from the flu. And play a sticky quest friend new. And then rush a radish feather. Loosen by the bug. And make default from the oceans. The nuffles, please. We won't see again. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my eye. How the time it did, by sense. It started some deported man. It's he's we did try. For the century it's done that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Helped at his feather, jibble, cheated. And as fricctus the new bottle, cheated. And the birthland is the family. And some old deep red dead. And a sail with walls, treat and. The great depression and women were both like you and me. And Germany's chancellor was sworn in. And World War two is soon began. Made you a subland. The project then hit him. Now the blue shaltile and Tennessee. We caught a first look at TV. And the day that lives in him from me on. The trees come by. A hundred years have gone by. And the day that lives in him from me on. The trees come by. A hundred years have gone by. Franklin Winston, they were suppy. We're in a party with the TV. Thought at word in a calling call. In Russia no one did the cross. And Germany they find these laws. Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. That man little boy and all the game. She's a whole world on that very day. We know it just begun. And trying to prove find the same terms. The first way in baseball that was black. If we held out there, hold that back. Master, you sit, so that did jack go home. The world won't be a year's gone by. And we were singing in line. I had decided to fly since it started. Some deported many tears we defied. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. And all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Separate with each will make such a fuss. We're supposed to tie it when on the bus. Only your cured with a vaccine. Then Russia scatters big time with spotting. Our troops into the real quick. Discovered the double helix. We'll keep you. Oh, J.F. Gail, let the wades you soon. But promise you, get us all to the moon. You ease first and space. Get the pill we've fitted with. And the branch said declined to the night. Cubus miso gave us quite a fright. Selfies, these years on do fight. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in line. I had decided to fly since it started. Some deported many tears we defied. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Neal's giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. F***! Licks and resigns about what are gates. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by iron. Had a virus made a suicide to go date. A test to be these health involved. Some guy named Phil Scott at Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China they detry. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. Okay. Tell me we're singing. My, my, have it time is defied. Since it started. Some deported many tears we defied. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. I've turned, man. We were singing. My, my, have it time to defied. Since it started. Some deported many tears we defied. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. Because a hundred years have gone by. Well, don't get a chance to play that bird. I'll fight our figure. It's really long. You'd be a chance to get all the stuff straight enough there. Or not. I was just going to say it was really long. Hopefully it works. It's looking good at the moment. Do I want to try that? No, that's not doing it. I don't want to. Here's the Terry Shival deal. The forgiving of a very pain. I need the beyond Holly, I'll come back. There's time to lay in a bunch of mugwamps. Okay. A state judge today temporarily blocked a removal of the feeding tube that keeps severely brain damage Terry Shival while I was legal wrangling continued over reference by Congressional Republicans that were testifying Washington. She's going to go up there and say, Yeah, it could be a lot better than testable they've heard on the roads yesterday. You're going to hear that. Whatever she has to say or make a sound, it's going to be a lot more useful and meaningful than whatever we're saying yesterday. For now, let's, for now, a circuit court judge David Deemers ordered that the feeding tube remained in place past the 1pm dead. Longer, which of course it already is now. While fellow judge George Greer, who's presiding over the Shival case, deals with conflicting legal issues. The Senate health committee's requested that Terry Shival and her husband Michael, and period of the official committee, her remarks 28. Earlier today, a house committee was issuing congressional subpoenas to stop doctors from disconnecting the feeding tube that keeps her alive. Don't you see our fat ass governor's spine hand in the middle of all of this? Yep. The hospice where Terry Shival lives received a subpoena late this morning. Spokesman and woman Louise Clarries said officials did not disclose the next steps. At this time, we are monitoring developments and consulting with legal ethical advisors to determine what to do, she said, and she said, maybe hearing to be held March 25th at the hospice. Here on Capitol Hill on the Senate side, meanwhile, an invitation for Terry Shival and her husband to appear. I just got to say now, okay, I'd rather hear the occulting tubes. Please, for free. For free, for free. For free, for free. I'd like to continue doing great. I'm pretty glad to go to Shival. I'm really, really, really, really. I'm really, really, really. You want to know, please, relax a down. This is the last one, what's your style? Got it. Gators. We don't want to gators doing it. That's where we like to gators. We better want to gators. We want to gators. We love the gators. What's the floor? We've got a roof for the floor to tames. Okay, now, what do we want to do? We want to do like a longer break. We want to see if this is going to work. We want to talk that last spot, you know, and long ago. I think it's important. I stuffed that last spot that was cut off in this part. When I sure make sure they're very long break. And especially on a heels of an eight minute bit, which is the longest one we have in there, I do believe. I mean, that's almost like blasphemy. I think we want the second hit is the stickiness. When you're paying Josh Curtis to kind of mind it, they're paying him. They're not doing it to like, you know, these kind of lives. Stended copouts. But I didn't, it's very, very pretty long to it. Not even close. The one that we can't play anymore, of course. Of course, that's just about any of them. It's like 95%. That's 425, man. This bit is eight, something. Eight minutes and 19 second. How do you like that? I like it. A lot. That's good. That's good. Fritz and Franz, beer house in a Gables, bringing Brevarian style fun back to South Florida. Why not combine say Guten Tag and sample some of the most delicious German Brevarian cuisine anywhere outside North Eastern Europe. Snitzle, brought were salads in strut. All in that, Mr. There would make the Von Trapp family proud. And don't forget to worst down or leader boots. It's enough to get the leader. They get your leader. They need to. The leader. The leader. I mean, I'm not. Fritz and Francis, not only making the Hills come alive with a sound of music, but it's turning coral animals into a veritable little Frankfurt because at Fritz and Franz, it's October fest every single day. You'll find them at 60 Merck, wait just a black west of Miracle Mile. It's the ideal meeting place for those who view the marks to the beat of a different tuba. So call 305, 7774, 1883 for directions and monthly worst down or beer festival information. And we sure tell them that old, brought were sliver needle since your buy. That's 305, 7774, 1883 for Fritz and Franz beer house. And that your ordinary, umpuffling. Fritz and New York brothers, exclusive land, where the sun rises to the sea. Fritz and New York brothers, you bastard. From the producers of American Idol, comes off heart-borne intellectual lecture in the papers and surfered by American sweetheart, Harry Schilel. The Lord is the Lord of the East, the Lord is the Lord of the East, the Lord is the Lord of the East, the Lord of the East, the Lord of the East, the Lord of the East, the Lord of the East, the Lord of the East, of course you want to see. Look at she smiling. She smiling. She smiling. She smiling. She smiling. Yes it's Terry Schilel. Live from room to 14th, another exploitation available now from their sub-legant press. Good job, Terry. It's Lord of the 36th or 28th and half, the Gators, you ready? Excited? Yes. Why is that? You got a big bet on it? Yep. On the head ABC showed desperate housewives speaking to the generals. She didn't destroy his marriages because Fauss' line knew it. But we found couples who say they found a way to enjoy the company. Without the disceptions as ABC News, it's called the lifestyle or swinging. And a raisement where couples have sex with other couples and there's no secrecy. Brian and old good Deppenbroke got married four years ago. Now they run a business together and after work they like to go to a club for a lot of day. They'll call trap peas. It's like other night clubs of the dance floor, but Faien Bar. But it's not like other clubs because in the back there's a locker room where couples can get on dress and if they want have sex and different bedrooms with other couples or watch each other in hot tub. It's called swing or the lifestyle. The way they write this, like this is some kind of a revelation like a new and exciting. Yeah, like who's ever heard of it before? Right. Isn't it immoral? It says four couples I talked with said, no, it's a good thing. What we do is not illegal. I don't believe it's a moral Brian Deppenbroke said. Chris who participates in lifestyle with his wife Levant said, I don't want to be 85 years old looking back on my life like man, I didn't have enough sex in my life. Another swing and couple Bob and Tess, or colours sweet horse. Most of the couples we talked to didn't want their lives names used. They've been married 18 years and five years into the marriage decided to try the lifestyle. Tess was the first woman I ever kissed in my whole life so you have to have an innate curiosity how would another woman feel? I no longer have that curiosity Bob said. Swinging was Tess's idea. She heard about her from a girlfriend and was intrigued. She figured that relationship was strong enough to give a swinging a try. You have to be completely open and honest with each other. She said, well if they look back at their lives and feel they ruined the intimacy they had with each other by having sex with all these other people we don't have. So here we carry now. Let's get into the most important story of the day and of the week into the century. Cuban president Fidel Castro has criticized Forbes magazine for the infamy of listing him among the world's richest people with the net worth a 550 million bucks. Trumpching. Once again they have committed the infamy of speaking about Castro's portion placing me almost above the queen of England. He said in the speech of the top officials of Cuba's ruling communist party military and police. They come on Eastos. Do they think I'm former Zayrian president Mabu to or one of those many millionaires? Those thieves and plunders that the empire has suckled and protected he said and referenced to his capitalist our enemy the US. What they should be doing is looking for the money of all those people he said. Castro's 17 in power since 59. City was considered suing. To second straight year he's appeared on the Forbes list last year the magazine put his worth at 150 million. So that means he made 400 million last year even I didn't do that. That's pretty good you're close. On Tuesday Forbes published a story on the fortunes of the world's richest rulers and has a state of cloning Castro Britain's queen Elizabeth. You're fairery. And the Sultan of Brunei say number examples of capitalism did not qualify for the world's billionaires list. The weekly financial magazines said that bad when these territories can be tricky. And the fact we've had to rely on a percentage of Cuba's gross domestic product to us to make fiddle sports. They said this year we use more traditional valuation methods comparing state-owned assets cashers assumed to control what's comparable public trade companies and a cartridge in fair tree and nobody cares about that either. I'd say they want to know definitely do not care about and that's the roi. Don't let me forget I'm Monday even though we got the weekend come up Monday to rip Hank and ask when we have our crossover. He's the one to come in and watch an at crappiest. If I wouldn't have done that I wouldn't have opened up the Jose book again. I wouldn't have talked about it and believe you me. This audience doesn't give a fly and leap about those hearings about Jose Consocco about Mark. Let's not talk about yesterday. McGuire and any of them. Yeah, they do. No, they don't. They absolutely do not. I'll bet you your life on it right now. Do you think they really care all that much about it Josh? I don't. But hey. No, I would not think that's a crap. And don't waffle now. Don't wait for a signal from your boyfriend over there. I want an honest answer right now. Yeah. I think they might. Yeah. You're making it so wishy. Wash you. No one of you is see you've been working with that day van boring too long. And now that Rossie Bernstein in there got only knows between the two of the between those two man you're going to be you're going to be using cashmere book anybody watch pretty soon. Lylox, Daphitils and pansies. You're fair. See? I'd lay off of that stuff real quick. Not good for your image. I don't think people care. I really don't. WDQAN. Hello. I mean, do kills some good time. QAN. Oh, show. WDQAN. Hello. Hello. They're good, baby. They're really good. Good. I am good. That one on a hold. QAN. Hey, you. You have to correct sir. I don't give a damn about those hearings. Your audience does not care. And those guys are wrong if they think they do. Yeah. I should never brought that up today. Thanks for all. I'm Monday. Now, when you're done, but when I find out that he's buddies with Pete Rose, I'm going to have to take another look at the Humper. Yeah. These guys are sitting there with you. Are not with you, but down here in Florida, they're wrong. They're. They're they're wishy, was she. They don't want to take a stand man. They don't want to say the unpopular thing. The public doesn't care about stare. I think the public generally speak no care about baseball period. Much less of a noise. Baseball blows. Yeah. They're a football. Thank you. I'm all right. You see, hockey. Better than a boy. See, just when I thought we were going to get ourselves out of that holder, I dug for myself. If they put these door limbs on scene, again, I will personally go to Atlanta and knock your tower right off the ground with one finger. The dolen's. That's how desperate they are. I'd rather see Johnny dolen on there and I'd rather croaked him see him again. I think what's more shallow called it. It was a kiss at us. Tell me to chew a him. Hello. Come on. Tell me to chew a him. Hello. Yes, sir. This is George speaking from from both of those Florida. From what we're going to Florida? I know what they do. They don't take steroids. It's totally doesn't affect my life at all. Yeah, what else do we care? Absolutely. What else do we care? At least your tax money when hearing is about who's doing who would Royce. Yeah, who cares? Listen in the war. Yeah. I'm going to let you some prep agent leave your rest of us alone. Exactly. Okay. Good call. 560. 560. 560. 560. You can feel a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. 560. 560. I mean, you can feel a whole thing sag once I started talking about this. You can feel it when you've done this great million years. You know, they just don't care. I wouldn't have watched that crappy yesterday of Hank wouldn't have beg me and treated you. Got to watch it. I know you. I don't care about baseball, Humper. It was one of those things though that once you started watching it, you couldn't turn off. Not because it was so captivating, but because it was so bad. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, the questions were terrible and the answers were like, a mumble. No, I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to go up into the panel. I'm going to go up into the panel. I'm going to go up into the panel. I'm going to go up into the panel. I'm here to talk about the future, not yesterday. Mark McGuire seriously. I would love to have been able to take a baseball bat and just slug him right to him with it. Wouldn't have been great. You have a standing ovation. Then go to the early Anna. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. 660. Shut off you nonsense. Whitewoods. Who will be the right to appear at 325. . You look like aRYER Him. How about you? I love Iron Bus Boy. I am ready. I know, I'm up. Yeah, free it up. Let the battle begin. And Hashimoto takes it early as he risks the plates into his bus tub in one fluid motion. Oh, man, come bus boy, never catch a dog. I love all jokes. Food is yet to clear a single plate. Is the pressure getting to him? Wait, he's grabbed the tablecloth. And yes, it looks like he's going to yank it right off the table. The fish is in oil. Oh, my win! Oh, I get up there the stain on my bus boy. I'm up. I must commit rituals. Who was I? With the stupid father. I. Oh, I'm back creating him up. Come on, break. Iron Bus Boy. Only on the con food network. 132, you know, it's a good thing. No, I'm here for getting to give it to you. I can say a book when I come back to town just because if I give it to you, then I won't have it anymore. I won't be able to read any of it on the ear. Right. No, no, no. I thought that this stuff that I read is, especially after what he said yesterday and totally sold out. I thought that that was enough to make anybody like do summer salt car wheels. Just want to pee in their pants. Nothing. Zippity do die, you know. And then, of course, Mar shuttle calls in and I read something and try to like reason with him. Yeah, I bought that. But I've made that move. You know, I could have been talking in Swahili to him. No, I do what I was saying. I'm going to read something. I was fighting Miguel B. And of course, you're going to be there all among the two Thursday next week too. Record your disambocation. I don't know. Leave, wouldn't you mean you don't know? I don't have him been told. No. Well, whatever. Okay. Whatever it is. You're there. And if not, you and you and Josh is mom can go out for a cup of coffee. Absolutely. And see what you can do to straighten him out. Greg Tolas to rise for BBC News writes and I'm going to read this and spend a minute. Maybe you won't be there Monday through Thursday because I'll read too much. Sorry. Greg Tolas writes the Bush administration made plans for war and for a rest oil before the 9.11 attacks sparking a policy battle between New yokeans and big oil. BBC News night has revealed. Two years ago today, when President Bush announced US British and allied forces would begin to bomb Baghdad, protesters claimed the US had a secret plan for Iraq's oil. One side of them had been conquered. In fact, there were two conflicting plans, sending off a hidden policy where between New yokeans servitors at the Pentagon on one side versus a combination of big oil executives and US State Department pragmatists. Big oil appears to have won. The latest plan obtained by News Night from the US State Department was we learned, drafted with the help of American oil and district consultants. Inside is told news night that tiny began within weeks of Bush's first taking office in 2001, long before the 9.11 attacks on the US. An Iraqi-born oil industry consultant Fala Algebrai said he took part in the secret meetings of California, Washington and the Middle East. He described the State Department timeframe for a forced coup to ta. Mr. Algebrai himself told News Night that the interviewed potential successors to saw him who's saying on behalf of the Bush administration. The industry-favored plan was pushed aside by a secret plan, drafted just before the invasion in 2003, which called for the sell-off of all of Ermass oil fields. The new plan was crafted by Neocons and sent on using Iraq's oil to destroy the OPEC cartels through massive increases in production above OPEC quotas. The sell-off was given the green light and the secret meeting in London headed by Auschwemitz, Charlie Anthony West entered Baghdad, according to Robert Evel. Mr. Evel of former energy and CIA oil analyst now fellow of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington told News Night he flew to the London meeting at the request of the State Department. Mr. Algebrai once Robert Reagan's back channel to the bottom claims that the plans to sell off Iraq's oil pushed by the U.S. installed governing council in 2003 helped instigate the insurgency in the tax on U.S. and British occupying forces. Insurgency used that is saying, look, you're losing your country, you're losing resources to a bunch of wealthy beginners who want to take you over and make your life miserable said Mr. Algebrai from his home to San Francisco. We saw an increase in the bombing of oil facilities, pipelines built on the premise that privatization is coming. Philip Carroll the former CEO of Shell oil U.S.A. who took control of Iraq's oil efforts in the West government, and, at the end, the U.S. took control of the oil facilities in the West government. He made it clear to Paul Bremer, the U.S. occupations chief arrived in Iraq May 2003 that there was to be no privatization of Iraqi oil resources or facilities while I was involved. Area of Cohen of the Neocon Heritage Foundation. Oye! Told News Night that an opportunity had been Mr. privatized of oil fields. He advocated that the plan is to means to help the U.S. defeat OPEC and he said America should have gone ahead with what he called a no-brainer decision. Mr. Carroll hit back telling News Night, I would agree with that statement. The privatized would be a no-brainer. It would only be thought about by somebody with no brain. New plans obtained by the state of the state of the state of the United Harper's Magazine of the U.S. Freedom Federation Act. Call for a creation of a state-owned oil company favored by the U.S. oil industry. It was completed in January 2004 under the guidance of Amy Jaffey of the James Baker Institute in Texas. Formerly U.S. Secretary of State, of course, Mr. Baker is now in attorney representing the U.S. on mobile and the Saudi Arabia and government. Oh, sorry for reading that Miguel. Okay, we already know they're all a bunch of crooks. So what do we care about more about the crooks or about the steroids or about those NCAA hoops? What do we care about? What do we care about? Now we don't care about hoops. I get the poops from the hoops. Give me a great thing. I have too many games on all one time. I've got like 75 games. When we're gonna stick up the heat. It's so boring. I think I've got golf on one of these channels. What are that? The logo over the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee opened up a 5.0 lead. Thanks to Ed McHance, three ball and a ball. This three ball, one ball we don't care. How do you like that? What's this game, I like it? The honor of you. This is the first of two, sir. He's quite a James. There's a few people in that room. The other second one. What is this Florida? Oh, hi, Oregon. Maybe to start in the second half. Okay, I'm sure you're watching that. You're not listening to us. That's one of the reasons that we're a little bit down to there. It's got nothing new with what I was talking about this theory. You can be some bad information. There's nothing new with that. They're all watching the Avanski ball. They college hoops, baby. Gators, gators, gators. They don't have time for us. What we got the gators? Right? March madness. When you're watching a gators, this show is small tators. That. And sort out where the subpoena fits into the process. So, I have a rule now. You're still in line with the theme. I'm feeding to will not be removed until further order of the court. Final question, Jeffrey. Could Michael Shivow just say, alright, that's it. Forget it. I don't want to argue about this anymore. Here you go, mom and dad. Good. I'm going to put it over. Do whatever you want. I'm out of this. And then this whole thing could just completely go away. Well, yes, he certainly could. And that would be the end of the legal process. And she could live on. And this would go away. For many more years. Michael Shivow would for better or worse. And people can pick up their own minds about that. And he said, look, I am doing what Terry wanted. And, you know, this is her, which is I am her spokesman on on. Well, I'll tell you what the president better intercede person. I hope he's fat as brother calls him on a phone and says, you better get your nose in the middle of this. Because otherwise, he's going to stick up that tube. WCWM. Hello. Could you stick up feeding to the new company? WCWM. Hello. Yeah. I mean, I'll get a fiery force for you. For Ken Maldon. Yeah. Uh, girlfriend is under the age of 100. Okay. Good. That's good. WCWM. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. Yeah. Thanks for reading that article from the BBC. You actually listen to it, huh? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No, no, no. That's where you can really find out what's going on in the world. Yes. Now, the reason I call was, you know, it's, it's crazy how, uh, OJ can be out playing golf and, uh, Robert Blake's going to drive through the desert and go get a cocktail. But that really crazy scary lady, uh, Marfa Stewart, she's on house arrest with an ankle bracelet. Right. We're not to worry about her out there. Yeah. I'm believe we're going. Well, if she gets out of the house, you might start passing out some of those poison cookies. You know, she could be giving her a. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Marfa's still going to play that, Samadhi Python video on because she's an up at a rich bitch. You're going to get her ass out here. 21 till 2. We've got more Howard David. Do, do, do, do, do, do. Who I'm sure is going to be all over those college hoofs, man. Like stink on grass. You're going to steal the yield, Roger. I'm quite 60. You can. And. Pay you. Jennifer, can't we out of here. And when I'm not laughing balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass. And I get my best hit off the Jennifer, can't we out of his ball can bomb. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriani tennis ball can bomb. Cops will never suspect this innocent looking jam. Just empty the balls. Screw on the ball. Feeling with water and yours. That to destroy brains out of the Jennifer Capriani way. Ah, this is so smooth. It's the bomb. That's things. It's a tennis ball can. A tennis ball can. That thing. It's a bomb. Proceeds benefit with Jennifer Capriani. We go to bed. But normal approved. Okay. Don't panic. I'd like to just read. As I've reached in for the last page of three fantastic stories here right at the SN of the show, tremendous. According to reports, Stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones was stopped from boarding a hair airplane at Lottens Heathrow Airport. After the design on his teacher caused an unexpected security alert. Well, my God. Well, on his way to airport security to board the flight. Jones found himself questioned after repeatedly sitting off the middle of the detective. Before the design on the singer's t-shirt, provoked one guard to claim it would prevent him from flying at all. I beat the zeal went to the middle of the detective. Jones is quoted by website contact music is saying, so they took my belt box and phone off. The guy takes me aside and says, You know, you're not supposed to wear that. I said, not supposed to wear what I honestly didn't have a clue. A security man then pointed to the singer's t-shirt, which featured a picture of a pistol with a flame coming out of the top. I was like, what am I going to do with a gun on a t-shirt Jones continued? So we called his superior over by this point. I was like, you're having a laugh mate. So we started asking me if I was in Boston with anything, but it wasn't. I thought he was going to ask me to strip down and change. I mean, it's not as if my t-shirt was loaded. How do I say that? You never did t-shirt was... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Speak of that. When it's Connecticut, a former Stanford police officer has been charged with Lude conduct and evolving a toy banana. Arthur Britanna and the toy Britanna. Arthur Britanna 62 had been on probation for Lude conduct more than four years ago. It was arrested this past weekend after police city playstate 12 banana in this pants and flashed people. All right, great. That is great. Wasn't great for him though. Britanna with charge with Britanna with his banana, which charged with breach of peace interfering with a police officer. All were a span of time. There were several reports of a subject wearing extremely... Ha ha ha ha. This is great. Overall span of time, there were several reports of a subject wearing extremely tight pants with an obvious bald stuck down this pants and Roger Petrony Jr. Lieutenant would allegedly greet patches by on the busy street while trying to draw attention. At times he placed a bag in front of his pants then moved it and showed the bald. It was a yellow-plushed child's toy banana for Trones said, and had a smiley face on it. How do you like that? It was violent atcha. Britanna was released on $5,000 bond for March 21 appearance in Stanford Superior Court in Stanford Connecting it. I guess he won't be doing that again soon. And here comes the best. St. Petersburg, Florida. A five-year-old girl was arrested, cuffed, and put in the back of a police cruiser, actor an outburst at school where she threw books in boxes, kicked a teacher in the shins, smashed a candy dish, and then in the system, principal in the stomach, and drew on the wall. Oh my god. The students were counting jelly beans as part of a, this is a five-year-old girl. The recounting jelly beans is part of a Ronald Reagan-Matthik's size at Firmont Park Elementary School when the little girl began acting silly. That's when her teacher took away her jelly beans outrades you in the child. Minutes later, the 40-pound girl was under the back of a police cruiser, under arrest for battery. Her hands were bound with plastic ties. Her ankles in handcuffs. Oh no. I don't want to go to jail. She said moments after her arrest Monday. Her charges were filed the girl went home with her mother. La police say the directions were proper school officials were not pleased with the outcome. We never want to have a five-year-old child arrested said Michael Beset, the area is the district area three super intended. The district's campus police should have been called to help and not local police. Yeah, who called the cops? Some group ball. She's been appropriately disciplined out of the circumstances. They said the girl's mother in the act and said she's consulting in attorney. She's never going back to the school. They sent my baby up. She said. They sent my baby up. I can smell that lawsuit as in a miles away. Can't you? Yeah, like hang up a five-year-old fat lawsuit. That's not even nearly as amusing as Mr. Britannia with his banana. Now, speaking of not so amusing, they have to rack your rubber plate celebrated as a acquittal on charges of murdering his wife. And the bitch had it coming. A lawyer for the victim's family said he would wipe that smile off his face in a civil court. At a hasty pace. Blake 71, how the Jubilee news conference after being found not guilty, Wednesday and the May 2000s shooting death of his estranged trailer trash wife for six months, Bonnie Lee, basically. The star of the TV show, Barretta, was also a quitted of soliciting former stuntman and murder, basically. And the jury deadlocked 111, defining him not guilty, asking a second stuntman a killer in favor of finding him not guilty. But the verdict's don't end his legal sag and he's also the subject of a wrongful death civil suit, rock by Bickley's family, which was held over to the conclusion of the three months criminal trial. I'm going to wipe this smile off his face, Eric Dubin, the lawyer of Bickley's family told CNN yesterday, Dubin said the family felt that Bickley portrayed in court as a star-struck grifter who ran a mail order sex business, had been murdered twice, once in the car, and once on a stand. I guess that's just to make sure, right? Blake was charged with family shooting Bickley in his car, outside an LA area restaurant. The evidence was largely circumstantial. Based on the testimony of the two stuntman whom jurors said they found. Unreliable. Dubin said he planned to take testimony for the civil case from Blake with intuition, have him back in court in July, and civil cases of vertigo's based on the preponderance of evidence and the jury's verdict does not have to be unanimous. A lower standard of proof than a criminal trial. Kind of like our group's first personal buddy, O.J., right? O.J., and he's paid all I have money back, hasn't he? No, huh? Every dime every cent every day? No, pay. How many cent he paid back so far? Not thirty men. We're sent to the U.S. It's crucially unbiased in the M. Little number, I wrote the other day, while not duck hunting with a judge. Where? You've had in much the MCC. Thank you very much for finding me. Five thousand bucks of fruit, and so I really haven't blocked you. That's all then how he deflies with judge in me. You're so flutty, very much the MCC. For proving that free speech isn't free. The clear channels at the air channel, so how it's done must go. A term, a general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly low. So if you want to learn too much, so you're very much the MCC. For your rowy curly sitting on your toes. Or Halle button and run all the companies with hail. Let's send them a clear signal and sick Martha straight in jail. She's another day in rich rich, haven't we? Hail, so if you want to learn too much, you're fairing. So you think that's the only thing you do. That you learn everything you do. Your pace may come as real faith. You haven't got a lot to the smile, doesn't concern. Your just a pace if they so far. And ask for condolences, she's an intellectual doctor. So feel your show that we're in love. So do very much the MCC. So giving all the mask is all the way. It really is a bummer when I come to my home. The ozone, the no-go zone, now that Arnold's here to say. The new care intergames are going to take place in LA. So feel also very much. Absolutely. So what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. And feel feel also very much. He's an old-fashioned, very strict set of Martha Magnumis. Take about a 15, we got most in and by who's another voice of what? Something. Sports something at work. And then we got a mad dog from publics. Holy moly man. He assures, spreading his wings. He's getting around. And he got six or one South Enders having four Lovari. Publics, Curtis Stevenson, and a 10. Any can of 10. And he plunged your guts out, show. Okay, here's the result of the poll today. And this, of course, what I said before, and I won't talk about the steroids again because nobody cares. Nobody cares about those hearings. The thing is embarrassing and humiliating and degrading is a performance was all away around. Especially Mark McGuire and Ellie Anna Rosanna Dana and everybody else. And Jose who changes mind but by the book anyway. Who's your all-time favorite celebrity who died from drugs or booze? And of course nobody's having any hearings about those because, you know, why bother? John Belushi, 126, Jimmy Henry's 101, Chris Farley 85, Lovas 79, right there on the Craper. Jim Morrison 37. He'd be doing a lot better but we left him off. I'll surprise he's only got 37, ain't you? Little bit. That's bad. Maryland on Rho 34, Kirk Cobain 28, he's going to grade. Lenny Bruce 21, John Bonham 21, William Holden 20, Janice Schrauffin 18, Jerry Garcia 17, old dirty 15, by the end of the weekend he'll have about 30 minutes. More than that. Judy Garland 13, Charlie Parker 11, River Phoenix 11, Hutter West Thompson 10, Bon Scott from AC DC at 10, Sylvish's 9 Keith Moons, who I'd now check, Carol Black 9, Freddie Prince 7, how was that show? It was with the Red Factor. She caught a man. I got the team by Jose Feliciano. Do you want to hear it? No time. I like that though. Andy Gibbs 7, Shannon Hoon from Blimell and 6, sorry I already put it away Josh. Sorry. Rick James Fuy, Bradley Bradley the well from the sublime 5, and D.D. Revolent 4, everybody else, Tini Tiny T.B. Bye. Bye.