He's a maniac! I hate the song. It's a looping. I agree. They play that song a song that's often games all the time. Yeah, really. That's another reason not to go against. And those silly cheerleaders are all the same. Who would want a Dolphins man there on the way? Oh yeah. I had a guy call earlier today. He's expecting to see the Dolphins and Denver in the playoffs. Oh yeah. Against each other again. Right. No question about it. Oh wait. What happened to that Kansas he Denver game last night? I didn't want to wait. Kansas, Denver just crushed them. Did you know he would crush Kansas City? Yeah. They Denver looked like a different team from the one I shared. Oh. Boy, when I said parody, man, the league is just mostly just bottom feeders. It's trash. You know, I was saying that maybe Ronnie Brown's game against Denver wasn't so bad because he didn't run very well against him. Nobody's run well against him. They're run defense is very good. Yeah. But they suck. Jake Plummer is a joke. But never left. He wasn't last night. I'm glad I didn't want that. He wasn't last night. I'm sure. Didn't have to watch him. Much of that game last night. It was over in the first quarter. Didn't watch the Marlin. He made the last night. Didn't miss any Marlin runs I guess. Didn't miss AJ Bernadgott and San Juan. Didn't miss Jack McKenzie. I'm all finished. I'm done. Jack was on with us today. Yeah. What do you say? Is he done? He says he likes managing. Oh. And what? It was good. Have any of you with us this year, Jack. I enjoy talking baseball with you, which I do. And Jack said, hopefully we can do it again next year. Well, I'll be damned. But I don't know. He hasn't decided yet. And he said he still might change his mind. But they might make their minds up. His mind up for him. You know, he only turns 95 next year. He's just like me. His stangeless. He wants to be the second oldest guy ever to manage. If you manage one more year, you can do that. I'll be damned. Well, if he doesn't do it, you won't. I can go into managing. And it's like, we're old enough. A movie. If it comes on, your TV do not watch it under any circumstances. There was a movie couple of weeks ago. I got stuck into watching because it said it had four stars. Yeah. And state. Peace of crap. Oh, I hear that's awful. And last night, I watched a movie. It had three stars on the bottom thing. And I cut her from the beginning. Unfortunately, it was the worst. Most depressing piece of turd. I've ever seen called the anniversary party. You know, Garden State is about where I grew up. I've seen it. They filmed it in a town where I grew up. Turingill. I thought Garden State raised track. Right. That's all I know. I don't know what you're laughing about. I've been there, Mr. I've been there too. Yeah. I went there when I was in high school. You used to go opening day. Yeah. I'm talking about for a harness race. They built it. They built it with the idea of putting casinos in there. Because they thought that they were going to get the permit to put casinos outside of the land of city. And so the interior was just really glitzzy and beautiful. And never materialized. And of course they went out of business. Yeah. Sanito. Not at the Garden State. I think it was filmed in North Jersey. We were right at the area where I grew up. And North? Yeah. So people have told me you gotta go see it. It's about your hometown. North Jersey considered like a teen egg or a tenor fly around there. Yeah. Yeah. I roommate from college was from tenor fly. I know what it is. A horrible place. I lived in South Orange. Oh boy. Anyway, Jennifer Jason Lee, Alan coming and a bunch of other big names actually, Jane Adams, John C. Riley, Parker Posey. Yeah. Are there all in this movie anniversary party? Do not watch it. It's highly touted. A lot of stars. I'm reading the reviews online. I wonder if these people are taking the same ecstasy that the people in the movie were taken or some other kind of drug because it was just putrid. Just putrid. And by the way, anybody out there if it comes around your cable, the dog comes back home at the end of goes inside. Okay. That's it. That tells me everything I need to know about that movie. The dog comes home at the end. Dog is the word for that movie. Just a piece of crap. Oh, and a guy that husband gets to call from dad and his sister that he wasn't returning her phone calls committed suicide. And he's upset. That's it. Okay. And they're all stoned off their ass on ecstasy and they're all like trying to drown in the pool. And it's just, oh man. So bad. They're no words to describe it. And it's highly touted. Highly touted. I just don't get it. So Denver beats the crap out of Kansas City. Well, Kansas City must be really suspect then. Yeah. They look bad last night. The quarterback was bad. They couldn't run the ball. Yeah. Carable. Oh, he looks good to me. And they couldn't throw the ball. They couldn't run the ball. They were just bad. You can answer. Mike and pull on our poll today. My poll question is sports oriented. Okay. Never did this for me for me. Who's your all time favorite software athlete? But this is just in general generic. You're all time favorite athlete. Now let me give you what we got so far. Okay. Of the first 21 and 10 votes. Danny Boy, Dan Murray, or 67, which makes sense in South Florida. I hate sports 65. That's our hostile people out there. Mickey, Natalie, team. Willie Mayster, team. Babe, Ruth, Tan, Bobby, or 10. Wayne, Gretsky, or Shack, five. Say it again. Oh, Bob, greasy, five. Mario, let me you four. Tiger Woods, three. And I put him on the, even though I don't consider golf to be a sport. But never to game. Tom Brady, three, and Johnny Barre, one. I was my vote. My favorite athlete is Pat Allen's willow. That's bad. Well, these didn't say Gary Bean anyway. You know what's interesting? I'll give me a real name for you. You know what, you know something? It was it. As soon as you said it, the first two names. Place in front of me. One was magic Johnson. I always enjoyed watching him play basketball. All right. And the other name was Manl. And that was who I like growing up. Yeah. You know, I did two. Manl was my favorite ball player. No, I'd favorite play was Hank Bauer. Same team. Yeah. Number nine. Oh, Hank Bauer was great. Yep. The general. He was a hard-nosed, uh, you clutch real clutch. Yeah, he was great. And tremendous fielder. Yeah. Great arm. Oh, phenomenal. He was my, he was a guy who was, uh, golfered at the Royal Crom buddy. Where they had the ball at the Copic Cabana. Yeah, and Bauer was still, was there. And if all the guys were involved in that video, it was billi Martin man, all a couple other people of all the guys I wouldn't want to, Tangle with Bauer would be the guy. That was a lot of long for. We all leave. I didn't like that, too. I didn't know that Mel Brooks wrote that show. Did he really? That was in the old bit today. That's what convinced him to play the role. Mel Brooks is still alive, isn't he? Yes. And his wife, Mr. and Bankroft. Yes, he died. And Bankroft died? Yeah. No, a few months ago. Did he really? Yeah. So many people died. I can't keep track anymore. And Bankroft died? Yes. Who not only started, but also wrote the screenplay for Fatso. Did you see Fatso? Yeah, sure. What a great movie. Was classic. It was fantastic. In fact, we had the guy, what was the guy's name, George? They're not very, a lot, a lot of the other guy. Richard. Tom, I mean, you. Was his name? Richie Carrin. Richie Carrin. He called out his show one time, where somebody had him calling. Yeah. That was a classic. Yeah. But Mel Brooks created, gets smart. But with somebody else who was a very famous comedian. Yeah. I don't remember who that was. Well, we'll find out. Foupey Compos, something like that. Suppy sales. Exactly. Well, that's about it. Don't go to New Orleans, by the way. The air is unfit to breathe. And the water is unfit to drink. And the, uh, all kinds of stuff going on. Okay. I'm going to see your Thursday. Sounds like there's not much better there. Why, sir? He is not fit to breathe. And the water is not fit to drink. Oh, well, we know that. The service, I said that to George before the show this morning, that there are a lot of people in New York going to wind up dying from infosimmon, other bronchial diseases because I'm loving them. But nobody wants to talk about that. Just keep it quiet because it's a lot of lawsuits will become them. Okay. Now, you doing the show from other fan? No. I'm doing a show from a place that's not too far from Belmont because that's where I have a life right. Make sense. Probably have a runner to take the bets. You don't have to do that. I could make the best myself and watch it on TVG. There you go. But no, I, there's a guy up there who has a studio in his house right in your garden city. Oh, but you know, what a concept having a studio right in your house? Yeah, exactly. And so I always go there and then Monday, I'll be doing a show from Charlotte from a station and then Tuesday, I'm not going to work. What does that mean? It's a Jewish New Year. You know, I was like, okay, a Jewish Tuesday. Yeah. Well, I don't have next week's schedule here. So I don't, I don't know from that. And yum, kipper is the following Thursday. Well, good. I'm going to become very Jewish this year. I think I'm going to start taking the Jew holidays off. I'm not sure what you think. I would. I would. Why not? Yeah. I'll sue their ass for religious discrimination if they should mess them with me. Hey, I worked on Thomas. Huh? I always work on Christmas. So I make up for what those days. I work on the Gloria Shahalades. That's the way to do it. Yeah. They have far fewer than we have. You know, K&T speaking of our conversation yesterday about Sid Levine. It was really very amusing because every Jewish holiday. In fact, what the heck was the receptionist? The firm was that her name was the Blackness Fniscroller. Very nice young lady. And everybody including her became Jewish on the Jewish holidays. If he's was a ghost town, only those of us on the year were working. Nobody else there. Well, I have this game to cover Monday night and Charlotte. Then I'm going to fly back to his day. Well, that's the pressing about the Denver beating the crap out of Kansas City. That means that the whole league is just garbage, which is good news for me because it means a Patriot's a public government. Although without Rodney Harrison, I see he's out for the other. I think that's the reason I think I support him. That's really important. That's crucial, man. He's great. He was great. Career threatening. They said this injury. Yeah. It's not good. Well, we want to give everybody else a fighting chance. Yeah. Now everybody thinks that the offense will wall-sin because everybody's getting hurt. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry without. Just have no quarterbacks. That roughest burger said that Tom Brady is by far the best quarterback in the league. Now just a best quarterback. But he's his by far the best. I had a question this morning asking me if Brady, if his career ended today, would he be in a whole of fame? And I say yes. I would agree. I mean, sayers played five years and went in a whole of fame. But this guy... How many superables did he win or how many championships did he win? He didn't. No. In this case, you know, you look at Brady. Not just the... I'm sorry about this. I'm sorry about this. Then, we know it's all about the championship. I mean, Danny just went into how many did he win? Oh, that's right, Henry. But he broke all the records. Oh, yeah, I understand that. But no, I'm not doubting he belongs in there, but I'm just saying. And he wins three. Yeah. It's like, I'm doing it. Well, nobody wants another Joe. On that note. Did you say nobody wants another Mo? There you go. Again. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're not going to get all agreed. Oh, no, no, no, no. The O'er's not provoking to her. Oh, no, no, no, no. I have a great day and don't lose too much. Yeah, you two. See you tomorrow. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. And we'll be back in the next episode. Well, I'll be back in the next episode. And come back in the next episode. And then see you at that point. And thank god he's got a woofer. Go ahead,thee Oliy! Oh, my god. Now let's see. There's a little bit of joy. Do you think you can join that? I don't know. I love food. I think you'd like him. I don't think seen The people at and woman played for so many years while he came. him no more movies he's just you know in the the anniversary party probably like that I'm trying to say the folks to an half hours of the worst wasted time in your life you have a better time just picking your nose and live here out of your toes or something that I'm serious the worst piece of garbage the anniversary party three stars my ass oh god and she and Adam's well I thought was very very funny and happiness and she played basically the same kind of character here although she was married to the guy to play the loser cop and what you call it like no you right but and she was very funny for like about half an hour and then it's it was also morbidly pressing and just oh man if you're in a really star mood and you want to like get suicidal on a kinger self be sure watch the anniversary party and guarantee to put you over the aid I think I don't need to see the dog comes back in the end by the way I'm going to house the movie's or 10 15 at five sixty w q m how did you see the season premiere is here it's a five time with his lowest approval rating ever George Bush stars in the biggest loser well I you know easy to understand but I am sometimes I'm handling the sling with president Bush's overall approval rating it now stands at just 42 percent the lowest it's ever done George Bush and the biggest loser you are one pathetic loser children and our grandchildren are grown from body parts a man twenty fifty ten we got twenty seventy four votes on a poll the uh... what's your who's your favorite all-time athlete damn arena a nine i hate sports seventy six you know what you voted i know i voted uh... i didn't do somebody it already voted by the time i did but see that exactly accurate because i don't hate it i just don't care all-day we hate it no it's like who's your favorite french chef who is your favorite french chef don't care about what's in the cheese did what's a day oh come on you'll bang do the child okay let's see what's in front making a matter twenty six one of the four team made ruf thirteen bobby or thirteen shocking a hockey guy and i would agree although my favorite Johnny power a way in griskey ten needle nose bob greasy six time brownie six go Tommy Michael Jordan five shack five who is that tiger was five maria let me you thought for magic times of one Johnny bar is got my vote and nobody else i'm sure but who cares he was great the biggest problem with southward that was our police today nineteen hundred fifty seven votes how do you like that uh... to impress okay the humans four hundred fifty four the humans three but the biggest problem southward of course those are the ones who go listen to the show yeah the two much eight three hundred thirty four the drivers i would you tell me about uh... the guy from marario as i'll sold you said there's something rica yeah he was here yesterday morning he wanted to be a lot of the day last talking about his campaign that he's gonna be running for mayor and that he was on the news i see so he's actually speaking in english or yet you ought to know since you've met him i'm in and when they brought that poster in the world and they're you're in the room is he wasn't a poster it's a uh... uh... chariot portrait yeah and they uh... he was a human and like your neck yeah i think i'm about i'm gonna support a man i'm all for a whatever's name is and week anybody named in rica is okay as long as he doesn't have that big mold too much hate and so on so that's the biggest problem to the thirty four said that the drivers to eleven they suck heat and humidity one ninety six the politicians one fifty two can you say crook new yorkers one forty four hurricanes and tornadoes one twenty five those hurricanes they suck too many old fights only a hundred and one board at number should have been much much higher than that median ages death plus eighty too many bible number sixty four nothing wrong it's paradise fifty six only two point eight percent that's pretty not the convincing journey got thirty nine journey glorious step on twenty six the new riders show got twenty two many red next eighteen and french Canadians solumenty the he cc at the is that right right i forget at what point yeah obviously you're safe with seventeen no different languages they start in the teens uh... changing the uh... you know the right the poor say teens eighty cc cc at the he's so juts of that for any way that's frankly is an instrument say seventeen so anyway the big news of course on atoms is dead if you believe and see how i said that i didn't march to try to get to a certain of that which you believe i didn't want to show if the five that's not i didn't uh... i just he believed me a limpie just didn't think he was funny i didn't think they show his funny rats post to say that the guys are dying he was great don Adams the rye voice committee who started the fumbling secret agent Maxwell smartness sixty tb school from change bond movies gets smart as died he was eighty two he died of a long-infection late sunday at cdr sine i medical center is friend informer agent Bruce two felt said yesterday adding that the actor broke his hipier going has been in el hell have held ever since lot of uh... celebrities a uh... they fall down like being cross me fell off through a stage or something never came back which is fine with me but as the in-f agent eighty six of the super secret federal agency control Adams kept your tb viewers with his addicts and combat in the evil agents of chaos when his explanation failed to convince the bill in the horse boss he tried another attack would you believe is what he said of course if he can't let actual case for his i guess i missed that smart was also prone to spilling things on the disc or person of his boss the chief actor Edward plant under he's kind of robin plant the conidian jockey smarts apologetic sorry about that chief also under the american lexicon the spy gadgets which eight those of the bond movies were part of the future especially pre-saleophone to the pre-saleophone telephone issue smarts beautiful partner agent ninety nine play by barber felton was as bringing his he was dense and a plag romously the marriage in the birth of twin slater in the series he had this prodigious energy so as an actor working with him was like being plugged in with electric current felton said from the earth he would start uh... and it's a and a scene would just take off and you were there for the ride Adams was very intelligence he said a quote in a suit of the situation that had come a geniuses meld books and buck Henry behind it he wrote poetry at the interest in history and the other side of the doesn't come through next well smart on a person with anything but bummer she said Adams had an amazing memory that allowed him to take an unusual approach to film and she said instead of learning his lines ahead of time he would have a script assistant read his part to him just once or twice he invariably got a right but didn't stop people from placing bets on it how do you like that gets more twice one the enemy for best comedy series and uh... three emi for atoms is comedy actor how do you like that he has picked up the show but the ratings for the office the joe seemed repetitive all no kidding no shmit the show that doesn't send a patient in a cartoon series in ninety five the fox network we've had the series with smart as chief and ninety nine as a congresswoman elected seven episodes Adams never had another showcase to display his comic talent and words to think about uh... let's see who is born Donald James y Army in the arc April 19 1923 the actress father was a Hungarian Jew who ran a few small restaurants in the Bronx and forty one he dropped out of school to join the marines became a drill instructor at acquiring the cryptolivered as certain wells of comedian where's the thing about his uh... i don't get it get what about the cartoons about the uh... i thought that was in this story play here horrible i was a very second cito is much better uh... although the man who the out of it after the war he worked in the orchestra commercial artist by day doing stand-up company in clubs at night taking the ceremony of his first wife adelaide Adams his following gruesome he was appearing on the edd solid and late night TV shows build a no who would help them develop comedy routines castem as a sidekick of day in the show you know build a no Jose him and his team i mean that night i'd be see contract gets smart he was married in the forestry times had seven children and served as popular a cartoon voice inspector gaited as well as the voice of tenancy tuxedo nineteen eighty a pretty as max well starting to feature from the nude bomb about a madman who's bomb discreet people's clothing dot-ed it was his bed okay dot-ed like to lies managed going around dot-ed my flies in a rectible but been not talk about that is better business is new writers this is five sixteen european celebration of black history month cbs television probably presents sixteen average american sort of abandoned in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on earth it's sir by bird company who will survive that drive by bokeh as the two tribes and my baby daddy's company for the immunity blingling and not get voted off the hood by the by a two-and-a-half-lightman on cbs i see uh... somebody put very bonds on their archana magic and that might be just courtes for the upholding that was me yeah well how can we didn't vote for me at because i can you somebody can only go once who voted near juridon vote for the building you know what i'm only boy all i said somebody in the building is uh... on our poll holy moly ratman at scary three hundred twenty one votes on a poll whose your all-time favorite favorite athlete okay danny boy dannery no they love you danny okay they wish you come back you know gusts for hot hundred and five for danny i hate sports eighty Mickey mantle twenty nine was my grandma these to call it Mickey Mendel will he may sixteen bobby or sixteen baby roof fifteen Michael Jordan thirteen he's gonna zoom up he might actually win it when gritsky ten shack has got seven and i'd like to write that i was new to your chef but michael page you like you were lean pro and fly it out right on a court bob greasy seven boh it a boring guy tom Brady seven tiger wood six mario le mue five le mue uh... magic johnson four arm say that's a quadlamia and mario le mue magiani bars better pair somebody else voted for all jai and very bonds so far is got the big oh but he'll get a voter too well he only used that cream you know he shared a lot of the back of the night i was ballooned up to like eight hundred pounds and starts to look at all these home runs right a travesty that is there are to be an asterious next day is name if he a if he actually breaks the record which i guess eventually he will have to get just a disgrace hank air and a baby ruth were using like no they were sure no steroid cream on their back to anything else i think they were with his busy uh... took a lot of beer and eat a lot of hot dogs before we do the uh... anything else e p a test is privately telling people the world is off the charts so anybody after i was planning on going down there like uh... you know simply votes for your uh... you know vacation money down there not a good idea i would watch anniversary party before i go there and clean yeah that movie is so bad and you read some of these reviews like one by Stephen Wong man you talk about being long yeah we'll go ahead and show those guys three out of four stars and he must be under payroll you know tenor for Jason Lee alum coming uh... what's your name jane atoms that uh... played in happiness he was great in happiness and she was great in this for the first half hour she just played the same character real four lorn wheeled desperate real sad sack real uh... loser body language is just a pathetic excuse for human being but that after like uh... it's a two and a half hour flick it's over two hours and it just goes on and on hundred fifty minutes so like it's almost two hours man you like that movie you're easy or you're just stupid anyway cbs news is running this from their guys into world means which says the teams working in Saint Bernard parish which is now in enormous toxic waste dump are waking up with sore throats another respiratory ailments privately the epa test is a told them that all the pollutants and environmental toxins are way off the scale no one is looking to stay there very long and other words when in doubt get the hell out if this is true there must be an immediate stop to any plans to be populated and immediately full-scale investigation into the epa and why they're holding all this back meanwhile associated press is that the sludge of anything else that was stood up by the new flooding in the world is because of rita and they have no idea if the rainy bridges at any hazardous sites just more uh... or who is the slow things down says new Orleans environment watch whatever that is so just lots don't go just watch seeing a watch there's uh... brownie brownie on the ground with all the respect i i do not want to make this part of the soil i can't help it tell about this is a bit of your governed by republican governor's in the the museum is given by a democratic and that's that's not an issue with me no there you go cbs is important that former female director who is testifying before congress right now that his incredible ineptitude and about lying on his resumes and about being absolutely eminently unqualified to be director of female uh... he or his continuing to work in theme at full pay with a September 12th resignation not taking effect for two more weeks from now said homeline security department spokesman rust naki cbs news correspondent lawyer board to reports that naki told her that technically brownie still on at female as a contractor needs transitioning out of his job the reason for the meeting about the month after his resignation said the spokesman is the eight agency wants to get the proper download of his experience oh yeah during that time brownie will advise the department some of his views on his experience with Katrina and other with he's investigating how he screwed up understand this kind of like what i was going to do in california but then changes mine after one election of landslide i'm going to investigate after the election is all about with investigate all these charges against men of course uh... no i won't i thought i said yesterday should have sought faster help from the pentagon after her king Katrina hit and accused state and local officials have been to constant in fighting during the crisis according to congressional a.s he's testifying right now and but it would put about before the house committee also on the other side of the screen and as you're president arriving in volmont Texas who just said i broke out yeah he's uh... doing that with a black dot section with that speechy media study when he just lost and we just lost and i thought he was just going to give up and turn around a walk away eight yeah that was that was scary that was really scary okay let's get some more names for this pool i'm sure that everybody listening except for you people and he supports like poison you anti everything people uh... is got a name for the pool favorite all-time athletes you have a 44 so far and recently don't have five hundred because we haven't taken a call yet to get a whole bunch of other names on their like great athletes like uh... uh... alcaline hoop and like uh... geohages and geohel seagull what about geohel seagull from the kmillis five six ritaz superhero five six to pound five six Rocket and he he today Francis oh here yes and I'll give you my my listing for there on the poll just a second but uh there was Hank was talking about Pennington real quick this this is how desperate the new urges are they signed viny test of early today oh my god he's the new man oh because he was after this he's the new sign though a Joe Willie back up again too he can play he can really play my buffer for the poll uh the man I followed throughout uh being a young man one four straight family cups never get any credit Billy Smith he's the man Billy Smith all hit Billy thank you bro is he still with the organization by the way bill he's to sit before the games right where my seats are at the a matter we either he's to come up and you know he watched practice and he would sit like this a few seats at the other end of the road and they once a while you know hello good by depending on what moody was in he's not with the panthers anymore to be honest with you I don't think he's with the island is either but I know for a fact he's not with the panthers anymore I'll be there okay Billy Smith you got a month thanks bro see it Billy Smith get a month another hockey guy it's amazing for an a market where nobody cares about hockey we got several hockey people under of course I put most of mine or but nevertheless get some votes I mean even even George knows Bobby or or who W2AM hello pretty good um you know what am I actually thought was the kid was um while Elzato with the raiders right um I thought he was the guy he met yeah I come on watching him play okay thanks Lionel Zato he's gonna get a lot of votes no I know what that is so you're a jerky dead yeah he's he's dead yeah from steroids right and that's why I said classy guy and it's why I said that right I'm very classy guy guarantee he didn't smear his on his back though my great bonds though hey Barry you fairy okay what the look at a whole bunch of names on here don't panic look it like thousands of names on here because there's thousands of athletes I'm sure somebody will probably vote for Kevin Wallace maybe somebody will vote for Joe Pavey or Junior or me he will walla henna see but I this is Neil Rogers Donald Rainer this is five 16 holy mac and on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm your lord I'll be re-down or I can't I'll be re-down or I can't I'll be re-down or I can't watching you coming I have a guy who's talking to you you're with them ready sending my a web of me you come to strike to bring death one and opportunity for this girl when the someone just finds the old the grab the camera across the show that the pictures of people in health one and I got to help them last time I'm a great re-down but I'm kidding I am quite a street when are you going to the property just in the big two and we need to promise oh yeah we have a new department yes so many have been arrested in charge with the mafia style killing of sandwich chained gambling fleet founder constant tino's bus bull is for years ago is the law enforcement official send today Anthony Ferrari was taken because it is North army be trolled last night said the official is full con condition of an enemy because the charges end been publicly announced yet for the hotel homicide detective arrested Anthony Moscow T. L. 67 and his Howard B. Tom in New York late last night Ferrari 48 is being held at the Broward County jail both men were charged with first of the murder conspiracy to commit murder and solicitation commit murder they're going to be in court today got picture of Anthony Ferrari here he looks like a really a scary kind of a guy yeah like a very scary guy Ferrari. those were ambushed after he left his office in for a lot of death at the first six two thousand one was shot to death after two cars stopped him by the being bull is 51 is a Greek immigrant who made his first fortune with the mommy's son sandwich chain he later founded some cruise casino's gambling fleet who sailed into charges last month against former Washington lobbyist Jack Abramaw. how do you like that at all kind of like puts together like a Greek puzzle whatever that means okay let's get a whole bunch of names on here let's not dilly dally today because i want to get 75,000 votes on there nearly with the do that is get everybody's favorite athlete on the pool everybody. somebody Q a m hello. hello. yes sir. yes it's a Q a m. W Q a m you got it that's the one. yeah just call i got uh name for the poll. more than what's in. uh pick bucket. pick bucket. yeah. okay you got it. pick bucket. I like the way he said that too well but pick bucket. just so we can say it a whole bunch of times. right or like bucket. isn't that a dick bucket what's wrong with that he was a hello player the bear is dick bucket. he's a hard nose guy. goi you said. W Q a m hello. hello. yes sir. um you like me you love somebody off. well that's the idea that's what we're talking to you guys. okay how about how about how about Ali. well how about Ali well what's not to like about that. you know cash is clay. he's no cash is clay is right. thanks a lot about it. take care. I'm an Ali well we can put some boxes on here for all your real old parts how about Joe Lewis. let's put him on the brush. hi type it. hi type it. Mike Tyson be good. I bet you we got some people. if somebody likes Lionel's baby like you're in T. we got people like Mike Tyson. Iron Mike. hmm. what do you say? keep it off of these guys. come to you are. they're on there. oh boy. sirly. you're in that sirly because you know he's going to have to put a lot of names on his pool today. you can't see it. put sirly because of his son burden now that's flaking off of his face. so he's in a bag. oh really? what? hey person. huh? hey pretty today. looks like he has leprosy. oh well just wait till it starts you can start getting a big blobs on your cheeks. in your face too. back though. you can shoot maybe very bonds alone you're a little bit that steroid creamy. you can shoot on your right. um blobs. WQAM hello. I'm go me. yes sir. good morning. when is this? let me say something before I give you my choice for the fall. go right in. because I was something I was going to bring up to you how you're always saying. well you know we don't have many who deals out there for listen. we don't. I really think you do. I just well as you know a lot of these ones. I'm sorry. no no seriously. I think a lot of the who do you are still in the closet. yeah I'm sure that. you. but I I really believe at least. I'm serious about this at least 30 to 40 percent of the new Rogers audience. it's human who will be a great myself. it's all my god. wow. I'm sorry. come. well I'm good. we want we want everybody man. we like good except maybe some of those Jamaican guys they can be dangerous. hmm. okay let me say let me check your offensive for the all Jackie Robinson would be great speaking of dark competitive guys. and in clothing on the new. yes. I never said no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no okay. how about Yogi Barra? because I'm thinking when he said Jackie Robinson the first image that comes to your mind is that world series I think was 52. I'm not positive. when Jackie Robinson stole home and I needed to always see that picture of I think that's your trial act was the home play that I'm paracoled and safe. maybe not. that was me. I'm paracoled. but anyway maybe it was a summers. but at any rate there's Yogi puts on the tag and Yogi went the apesmith because it called Jackie safe and these jumping up and down and that was even before him at the act like duck. even George those Yogi from the act like duck. oh yeah you know Yogi Barra come on. sure he's all those convertible. 560 50 50 50 50 60 we have my hammered I'll leave you we put them on there I hope you we don't come on. okay just remember I can't help but they you're anything is said after in the sun and get yourself fried working up a nice uh... carcinoma or melanooma or whatever you're working on. it's burned. yeah that's right fried. why don't you just stick your head on that flavor wave and put the top on see if uh... worst real good. maniac. WQAM hello. hello Neil. yes sir. how are you sir? pretty good. good uh I have two for the poll. okay. Lance Armstrong. my Armstrong vegan the news lately man I've quite tired of hearing about him but nevertheless and Brian the pick-a-low. Brian pick-a-low while they're going to have a good James Conwood agree with that and and Gillesciers. thank you. thank you. bye. Brian song even in another one George knows because he seen a movie right well hundred years ago right over in the morning and uh what's his name dies and that's about it that's all I remember what's his name died but serious. yeah. five six seven oh five sixty and Brian pick-a-low that is I'm a five-pick-a-low park you still live right next to it. I'm a good part in Brian pick-a-low park the station will use to be right next to it. out there in Pembroke Pines pick-a-low park Brian pick-a-low park. what station is that? this station used to be right next to it. all you're talking about when you had the wind the trailer while I was there there I just went there one day and I I walked out of there I thought I was like a new world in his man it was talk about a festering suit what a dump it had a a what a dump it was the funky palace you had a sea of to believe it that anybody would be and that's why I went norma brought me an ad building for my tour of my grand tour of that building and I saw all the stain carpet and stains under walls with a guy's were peeing on the walls like Billy Carter been there so the carpeting was on the walls oh god what a toilet I thought to myself this great great man you can't complain about his uh I did and then of course come to find out it's the beesleys you know what he is specifying your whole family sitting up in a tree plane to banjo my god what a mug won't be placed at is a toilet and now of course it's palatial compared to what it was back then and even now it's a dump fact you were just telling me this morning that there's a real funky smell in there studios done died in these rooms or so I'll be right to the bed wqa m hello yeah what about sugar ray Leonard sugar ray Leonard's good how about uh I didn't think that the uh media could get any more blatantly partisan yeah but but they did not even have one picture of the protest weekend values to record I didn't see last seconds of coverage on the protest not what she's been for right isn't that pathetic uh I'll mention not to mention we don't see any stories including lives stories not that they're set up through the satellite over there it could be showing us the conditions in Iraq and what's going on over the blood sugar be we don't see anything about that not you wouldn't even know that there's a war going on it is correct you didn't see uh but there's a poor solid crop always seen I was a lot of water in New Orleans and these hearings going on but a bit of boot put about you know it's a good diversion screw Robert name and this is Robert this is a monkey brown downtown Mickey Brown Brownie hey Brownie you did a heck of a job Brownie I think about some other set of disaster planning that didn't pose these these huge extraordinary risks and it can't be approached that way and expect results to come out any differently than they did was insane that the coordination effort if it that was the object of FEMA's it's a rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare rare come over to cause reform and ass okay like this is really going to accomplish something okay make uh every a lot of people feel better but uh not kind of changed nothing the fact that you got a sewer over there knew had a bunch of crony's put in there in charge of saving people's lives emergency preparedness safety safety safety safety I'd like to get a hold of that old bitch okay I'd like to see or bag and I'm talking about handbag even beater with it yeah make your snippet W.A.M. Hello Richard amen oh yeah he's a real athlete he's a real dog there W.A.M. Hello I got a couple of names I want to add yes sir why don't you try you come over there well would be uh is this stand worth timer no oh it relax with George was sand and sound like stand a me go ahead maybe it's stand major go ahead the poor we don't care what you know is Paul so I can't what is it good advice and Jim Thorpe and Jim Thorpe Jim Thorpe what I'd say you must be older me I'm only the I'm not you I'm only the everybody uh me too okay thanks I'll play you rock it boy anytime okay I bet you will okay oh you want I can't the crap out of you I'll show you a thing or two you young whippers and effort but what's a whippers I invented old Paul okay so this relax it's Jim Thorpe and who is the other one Glen Rice okay I mean we're asking why's it for your opinion I mean we can't tell you who your favorite athlete ought to be I mean this is one of those we're gonna oh no that's not the right answer there is no right answer it's your opinion it's like saying what's your favorite color red oh no I can't be it whatever it is it is some people this type of crappy taste probably some people saw that movie the anniversary party and liked it too which those people need to be taken out let's call par Robertson put it a hex on him call up what's your name the witch on passions tells your name which WQAM hello hey you what's up okay is OJ Jim Thorpe? not yet yeah if you look past the double murder then the spouse will abuse you the great player there you go you're a question about a man and that's that's goes to shit tell us a lot about him and a lot about you too so we got allow say they're an OJ on here a kill McCall right we know that yeah you the oh we still have an open invitation to come on this show anytime you want to call an OJ to admit it that's the only circumstances will actually go right there in the studio we had an ice machete there that George I'm sure will alone you right it's not sharp but I can fix that yeah disaster planning and having specifically chosen new orders because of the potential for a car oh what were they going through this dog in pony show like you guys said before we got all this really important stuff for the public needs to be and instead they fill up all this airtime with his garbage as if if we don't already know this is strictly a hack this is a guy that was absolutely 500% unqualified didn't know his ass for my elbow didn't know as a Thursday afternoon that's a day before there were thousands of desperate starving people and dying people to convince him to do that he didn't know not okay because he's bunk but buddies with El Presidente this like all these other losers we have to have all these hearings and but a beat but a book but a lot wasting your tax dollars nicely by the way this is the chronist in 2018 this is the vehicle logically if You're gonna muggle! Lung of thunder, go, pluggle, banana pen Lung of thunder, go, keep fire, muggle, hunker Lung of thunder Come on everybody I'd say no red flying game A bed Jackin' played the play For the next hurricane Has it ever been? Just for it, it was banana pen It's a close feeling by, no much It was just black goods Everybody play play play Maybe making dope games And then a fan of those fake info I don't know, maybe getting Got a bag in Something game Who's your all-time favorite athlete That's our pool for today We're gonna get a Zin in people on here today That's good We got 430 votes in the first hour We have a lot more net if we had all the names Of every athlete on there But we don't Not yet By the end of the day we will, though How about Bobby Richardson? What about Tony Kubrick? What about Bill Scourron? What about Joe Collins? What about Eddie Robinson? Who's your all-time favorite athlete? Then we're in 129 I hate sports 96 when you know what? Too bad, Yamama Lighten up a little bit Stop being so full of hate Mickey Manel 38 Rounds with hate, he was great Michael Jordan 28 Tony, he's zoomin on up there Michael Michael Babe Ruth 21 Will he raise 18 Bobby or 18 When Grezki 12 Needle knows, hate him like poison Well, have an all-eaten Tom Brady 10 Nice going Tom, baby Magic Johnson 9 Shack 9 No, I did not vote for Tom Brady Bob Grezki 8 Mary Lemuse 7 Tiger Woods 6 Even if we had a poll about who is the best looking Me a laugh lead of all time I wouldn't vote for Tom Brady I probably have to write in Jim Dory Or maybe Aaron Gaby Nevertheless, forget about that fact Bob Grezki 8 Mary Lemuse 7 Tiger Woods 6 Lance Armstrong's got a pair Lil Alzato 2 He'll even loan his tube He'll loan his tube Johnny Boris got a pair Still live Johnny is still kicking He's a hell of a guy Sugar Red Leonard 1 Yogi Barrow 1 The Antlactuck voted Dick Buckest 1 He didn't know Buckest about Dick Buckest Before we start doing the show, Jordan Now he knows exactly Billy Smith 1 Barry Bonds 1 None yet for O.J. Jim Thorpelyn Rice Brian Pickleau Jackie Robinson, Mike Tyson or Joe Lewis All All right L O U I S Not L E W Joe Lewis used to like Joe E Lewis The community in Urgiri Lewis No Joe Lewis L O E That's why I looked at that No who the hell is that? Lewis and Clark Oh really I didn't know Well you I guess Eric will have to change it And guarantee Eric knows Joe Lewis Okay, I know he's a Lewis I didn't know you spell that that way Yeah Well maybe you can help him pay his back taxes Even though he's dead a long time now But you can pay you know he had his problems He was led down the garden pass by the white man He was a great boxer a great guy But he was a given bad advice Maybe Norma Kent was his agent W to Q a M hello To A M Yeah One for New Salt Yes sir, what are you got? Great on and off the field The vertical method An Roberto Clemente Are we by Riba? You next one choice, thank you Hi, thank you Are we by Roberto Clemente? Can you handle that now? How even you know who that was? I do, please don't tell me You don't know from Roberto Clemente If you tell me that I'm just going to fall on the flow He does, he's just over there But Roberto Clemente Right field, great arm, great clutches Two great world seuses And then he died that plane He was trying to bring relief Where the hell was that? Nicobagro Guatemala one of those places One of those beiner places And a plane crack and Puerto Rico was it? I think so yes I don't know But anyway he died Much too soon must be on he was great Somebody Q a M hello Yeah, two for your pole Okay I'll go a little boat so come and say Okay, who's that? Okay And I'll give you another one That's probably the only deal with that It's name one That's this power Oreos first face That's right Okay, thanks a lot, paley Bug towel, we love the booster man We just elected booster under radio Two until he became Bump-Bump buddies with Dan love that little bastard Five six seven oh five six he had to do it Gonna be a lot of names on this pool today This may be our longest list ever Which is good, you know keep your office streets Forty and forty one votes. Your Louis don't have any yet That's because that spelling is most amusing That's one of your best all time best Isn't that what they call boo boo boo? Who? John boo pal WQA M hello Hello Neil Yes sir I want to your pole Okay Where is that guy? Where is that guy? Okay, he almost died It just got rescued early couple weeks ago right? He died the lucky man out there and there See he is Thanks paley Larry Zonka old Zonk He almost got Zonk Maybe you ran into what's his name They used to do this onka Let's make a deal money and money hall Great Canadian boy money hall Good Jewish boy made the ton of money Give a lot of money to charity and stay's had everybody's face money hall I like that We're tired and sad everybody's face Well speaking of that then voting for column by on a second two nights ago Yeah, and that did Clark thing I sure hope that isn't true about him coming back for new years again This year I wish you sure hope that's just the switchful thinking Alright because we're hoping that that second stroke really kicked in big time Now what I want to baste here You know what I want to see where he will fall on in this time He's in the van Close it are Close it are not where we hide Swaby hide schedule Close it are Bastard Tee's a crap man Fony baloney Speaking of baloney moroni and Larry Williams in short fat penny If I waited you talk to your bald head of friend yet You just straight in his little ass out Yes, you did speak to him Is he a designer now? I just see it now I see understand the end of September from whatever date he just conveniently picked out of his head Everything Yeah, you better get with it bald. Okay. Well check and act because you know you and I are days and numbered in probably single digits Old and feeble. Okay. See a veteran draw my you can Don't be no pressure in anybody. Don't be like a hyper ventilating. Oh, that's his style. Oh, he's you know When you deal with crazy people that's the way they are right? Yeah. Well, you have to deal with a bad with the good Well people are very talented like him. They tend to be a little A little crazy like that. Well As you well know Dominic you I am hello. No one football. Okay. Jeff Gordon. Okay, and fact we got a great thing about Jeff Gordon Then I'm sure everybody all over here about And that's it. That's the one Jeff Gordon man. That's NAS car stuff. That just sends me right to the old bull. How's your buddy Joe Castella doing? You tell him quick call me five six seven Oh five six six seven oh five six. I'm serious about that. Hey, Joe. It's not personal. I like you, but I just don't like when people call you and they have nothing to say You know you called me what do you want you know I don't like saying that but No, I used to say that to remember all the time. You know you called me what say something You know what what was the purpose beside you? You're bugger and you're bugging a hell out of me. You're just sucking around again using you as a human Prop. Oh God. In fact, when you when the panther is well, he had the older arena and he and Denise Pata and used to televised the games from behind where my seats happen to be with my luck Not the first year to first year my seats were across the way within I got seats like we have much better seats and their broadcast table was like I could you know during the whole game I looked back there and he'd be like you know winking and blinking and not And so then the end of the period would come and he'd get up and walk on and he'd give me the yeah come on come here come here I'd have to go back there in shoes with him in between periods that because he wanted to talk about anything because he wanted to aggravate Denise Pata and we like poison So the fact he was talking me just the way of aggravating you Denise because he hates you wishes you would crock our horrible wicked death Just every phone conversation I had with this man would you have for him or at least 90% of the conversation was about about a motor mouth cup and how dumb he was and just ripping an ass He hates you so when Columbus straight jackets come to town Denise, I hope you have a real warm reunion You frog. WQAM hello. New God. Yes sir speaking. How about your manager? Jim and his there's one. All right. Amen. That's lovely deal. Thanks a lot, Tally the former tight end. A lot of guys formerly were tight ends of acto 459 votes on that poll. Let's take a peek and see who's that doing a den. Is there any doubt any boys gonna win? 133 because in South Florida 134 even as I spoke in mid-sense he got another one. What do you say about Jimmy Siffles besides bad broadcaster? I hate sports 97 Mickey Mendel 39 Michael Jordan 29 he's moving right up on Mickey's ass. Hey Mike, maybe a loan him is liver. What do you think? If he knows a liver. They brooed 21. My hammer I'll eat 20 will he maze 19. Bobby or 18 Wayne Gretzki 12. It's amazing to me that we got how many hockey players on this list. Let's see the percentage of votes. We got Bobby or Wayne Gretzki. It's 30 votes. About 30 Johnny bars got 3. That's 33. Any other hockey player? No. So like, I'm about 8% of the total 462 hockey player. I'm just shocking in it. I don't see anybody putting us two bars on there yet. Or Joe Sarra. Come to Q.A.M. Hello. How come you? Yes sir. I have to vote by phone. But my hero when I was growing up was dick blood. He was 151 for the Chicago Bears. Right. He's on there. Also you said that Lance Armstrong had a pair. You know, he only has one. He had the other one. Sir's a clear move. He goes to a he's the Tom Green of those sports. Yeah. There's a story about dick blood. Just. When they were he was on the bottom of a pile. When they were racing the graduate football. He did the rest finger off. Anyway. Nice going there. Dick. That's the advice. Nice to have. Probably not. If you were a little bit of a fire 60. Do we put the drone aim with on there? He's going to get some votes. Do you know where he could play man? He could drink too. Then he could play. Good drink. Come on. Are you picking on the old guy? What he's done? I'll just because he made a fool. No. He's going to toss you in the jet fans. What is it meaning you're now on a team of struggling? It's only tissue. I couldn't care less about the team struggling. And I want to kiss you. Thanks Joe. Yeah. Huge hyperbeth. Don't make it. I'll just fart. Get the team. We'll see you guys in half time. Yeah. They were struggling. They were struggling. Oh, brother. Well, then he go to Alabama. Maybe from Alabama. Yeah. That's Joe. I know he had to Alabama play quarterback at Alabama. He's from Alabama. He's a good old boy. He's a good old boy. But he sure had at one big year, Naren. 69 men. If we go open up a big mouth. You better come through. See that's what I say in this radio business. Joel. If you're going to open up a big mouth and talk of the game. You better come through with some big big numbers. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Oh, no, no, no. Talks of big game. But you better come up with some real big juicy fat numbers. Okay. If you're going to start opening up a big mouth. See, I got big fat juicy ones and numbers. That's why I can open up a mouth. But people like Joel over there. It's got fractions. That most of his numbers begin with a. Oh, that's not somebody to open up mouth about radio and about sports radio and stuff like that. Joel, you quizzing you idiot. You're simple. You're very 1113 and 560 WQA. For years I've been telling you about my good friends at dry concepts. The very best copper cleaning company in the world. They do a lot of other things. Besides just making your carpets look brand new. They can save you hundreds even thousands of dollars. They do a lot of other great stuff for you. Today specializing in drapeery cleaning. A full string of furniture restoration. Macris cleaning or yellow rug cleaning. Pet order treatments and water damage restoration too. Dry concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently. There are professional staff is always improving the review of the most advanced cleaning techniques ever discovered. And during this month, which has run out fast during September, take advantage of the summer sizzling number two package of water damage special at dry concepts too. Dry concepts from crupber cleaning the tile and grout cleaning the only place to call and paid ground into palm beats is column tool free. And once you use them by the way, you'll understand my views and for over 20 years in all of my homes called 1-800-248-5071. No rip off, no games, no scams, no tackons at the end. They give you written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their fantastic job. 1-800-248-5071 run the wicked web. It's dry concepts.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-18. Hey, that's Howard. How it's been? Are you ready to order sir? Yes, I'll have the... Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot. This man suffers from a rear form of direct syndrome called derated directs. That comes with a vegetable all-try the cod cod cod derated. Symptoms of derated directs syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms. And for an appetizer, hobo-pook, shock, shock, shock, shrimp cut. Unfortunately, there is no cure for derated directs. Would you care for a salad? Yes, the peck peck peck post-salivate, you know what? Make the salad, call it gosh, gosh, gosh, seriously. Okay. That's one dead directs! Great smell. The cook news is gerated directs isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette. The bad news is, it's a lot more annoying. And for desserts. Oh, I'll have the fudge fudge fudge. I mean, that's what the big always going. Because he keeps saying rocks, rocks, rocks, rocks. Rock, rock, rock. at once by boy just from air they can't rock it in the city she and the California woman who's used your son's death in a ragtus for the anti-war movement was arrested yesterday while protesting outside the White House to see this yes it is she and and several dozen other protests who sat down on the sidewalk after marching along the pedestrian walkway on Pennsylvania Avenue police so warned them three times they were breaking the law by failing to move along and began making arrest she and 48 was the first taken into custody she stood up and was led to a police vehicle while protests were chanted the whole world is watching she and 24 year old we know that she and was amongst several hundred demonstrators from our surrounded the White House yesterday then stopped in front began singing and chanting stop the war now they were all chanting stop the CCA deal now and the job should say what that's a part of the step through the demonstrations part of a broader anti-war effort we know that represented to the anti-war groups were meaning yesterday with members of Congressers then to work to end the war and bring the troops home a third to visit worried about downtown Mikey Brown great job Browny town you're doing it and your girlfriend got it good yesterday not girlfriend Olandy yeah army psc Lindy England who's smiling posted in photos of detainee abuse at Baghdad's abrogar represent me to her uh the face of the scandal was convicted yesterday by military jury on six to seven counts to which i say all right even though she has been scapegoat and nevertheless of anybody deserve the cheat us what i mean oh yeah i agree England 22 was found guilty of one count of conspiracy for counts of malpreting detainees and one card committee and indies and act she was acquitted a second conspiracy count the jury of five male army officers took about two hours to reach its verdict or case now most of these sentencing phase which has been heard by the same jury starting today England tried to plead guilty and made of the same counts she faced his monthly change for an underscore sentencing cap but a juxturado plea the ocean out faces a maximum of nine years in prison oh she's gonna have a great time in there England wearing her dark green dress uniform stood at attention yesterday is the verdict was read by a jury for him and she showed no obvious emotion afterward asked for a comment after the verdict offensive attorney kept in jalliff and crisp said the only reaction i can say is i understand how do you like that i understand all right well which is that England's trials the last for group of nine army reservist charges with mistreating prisoners at abugar rape in Iraq a scandal at badly damaged u.s. image in the Muslim world despite quick condemnation of the abuse by president bush two other troops were convicted in trials and remaining six made plea deals several of those soldiers testified in England's trial they were anxious they were seeing an album on a test of five five six seventy here that they're fun i do five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty neveurazine singular wireless line let's get every athlete who ever played the game on here let's get full resudo the scooter let's have ten Williams what about ten Williams huh okay what about larger clemen's do you think i'm just thinking of you but i'm gonna get a lot of hopes because we can only take so many thousand calls between now into a clock we can get everybody but i'm thinking of people are really obvious huh what about stand musiel or is he a carry used to calm stand musiel right is not a lot to do what about only bane that's not a musiel oh what about only banks let's play ten i'm just naming ones that i think Josh knows who they are and he can spell as opposed to jolose that was bad i don't see jolose on abonement anymore maybe he ran into max smelling uh he must have a voter to his did we take him off or put him on to be really miss fellow joe is still spelled the wrong so if you want to vote for jolose the box that we got to scoled wrong in the air is like godly on it l o u i s okay the lowest not like the lowest the cornacher is special in the deliverance god w q a m hello there's an underrated actor for a net baby man is he good or what q a m not there w q a m hello are we gonna go to for two now let's try three for three q a m hello there you go thanks paly what about have a check stole the ball at johnny most anybody would criticize johnny motis got to be just jolose here is one from bobbing for larby del how about jesse ohans because you may have hit the look like an a whole life out eight off to the good job of that himself but jesse ohans is good and he was a great athlete too 36 Olympics in Munich wasn't it Munich okay as long as we're putting ex bears on the pool how about the greatest walvers we miss peaton let's get walter peaton on this is uh gray in cruel springs is that gray or is that gay and also here's uh the headwriting is somebody a lot older than me please consider joda magio and lugurig it says thank you moldy oldie another moldy oldie hey this is the old people station have no fear okay nothing wrong with getting old and happens all of us just as jol please consider jodom as you and lugurig on there yeah maybe spell lugurig right g e a tar i g i don't want to black come on down you down that's what i heard for the count you and jolose five six seven oh five sixty pound five six feet we're gonna have a list of about fifty thousand names on here today a little bit of an i ever suspect did you know what we got five hundred and seven vote we'd have a lot more than that if we had everybody's paper down there yeah but we don't that's why we keep taking ziggins across today instead of reading like a whole bunch of stupid ass and i want to read a whole bunch of stupid ass stories because i got a little headache anyway you know probably because my blood sugar was like seven hundred three d high because i went out and got uh Ben and Jerry's last night he should never have been in there ice cream at night huh i'm a blood sugar is not good today huh what you do it i cuz i felt like it cuz my addiction to sugar was kicking not for a special reason and then making it even worse than i found that movie the anniversary part i think i was got punishment for it and that Ben and Jerry's chocolate brownie brownie it was not over the hearings today for brownie and so i was inspired being psychic his i am i thought let's go get some brownie stuff chocolate brownie fudge but it's not really very good ever have that uh that that i recall as much as i love Ben and Jerry's they got some really crappy flavors really it's a really nasty stuff i'm starting to turn just a little bit like utility to a hog and does man with that banana nut w2 qa and hello pretty good pali what you got his and he just wants to charge the stuff about call your stress keep all right excellent choice all right thanks pali car on your strength skittiness pali got seven wise and three these in it i guess i have to google it i'm not him once you met car on your strength ski he was in the uh back at i would be years ago and i want to idea who he was when i met him yeah or what sport he played it but i knew that he would have dropped because i never heard of them Boston Red sauce baby great slugger and i'm a you also met Kirk County i did the former voice of the red socks and also the voice of a fl football and uh whole bunch of stuff Kirk County i met Kirk when he was in there that night and who who show was you i guess i guess he had to be on the uh sports talk show because we only had one we only had two hours of sports talk and i would be because we figured two hours a day were peat in the same stuff everybody was more than our pretty sport hold and it was a new rocker oh right this is five fifteen days six Music Music How reasoning North sponsored by millennium and it's a lot of 32 look at this uh... for the full of john macaroahs felt very badly don't take it from this you know this bill macaroah mc capital e-mail okay well he if you're right man that uh... that can't see that's uh... sitting in all of his face is about to stand in the aggravated let's proceed i still show the last wrong you think that i uh... i've been a lot of people with the right you know the regular way hello u i s the regular way anyway i wouldn't be too nervous about that because air it still has incorrect it's been it's been a full part on air for a long time now and it's too busy having uh... the breakfast sandwiches those course and we just from burger he's got six bags full of this show them down so don't the i have it by this time he should have changed your list my man anyway this is uh... don rumswell is giving the president his daily briefing he concludes by saying yes today three Brazilian soldiers were killed all know the president claims that's terrible his staff sits down if his upper steward motion nervously watching as the president sits at his desk head in hands finally the president looks up and says uh... how many is a brazilian uh... that's got a few of them kind of said the president is a moron is kind of like abugar okay here's a fact it says the list can't be complete without sermon months and see the list is your uh... your favorite athlete of all time now we're not asking for your favorite dead athlete who doesn't plan crash anything like that but if that's uh... your favorite fine and we'll put them on there term and months and i didn't know a lot of those i don't know how big of part of i didn't know her been most of was a deathly her been once to write it was that well let's put your own carry on there too i mean let's let's put all the inkeys and we got so many here he let's put your pepotone on air in jostes and bill scour in an andy carry and bill neck dougle her score still peo to you by the way girl i think you're my dual by the knee so i think i've got to be still really sure that line to rely and drive who is it that says that it's a lion drive who said that some easy to do uh... i can't think of what was about Murphy used to the meds games a lion drive lion l i o n that's how a bob Murphy spelled in drives for the great lion drive bob Murphy awful awful funny video that he came to a was kind of like to the meds were jack for cash was to the cubs b h before Harry five six seven five years i'm random all over the place today and the people that all life sports like George they're really lost today like give my compass in a road map and take them to truck has been tough at least know who that is yeah Moses charalds in hasten Moses Abraham Jesus all of these kind of there oh brother missio megan's be hateful racist obnoxious discussion from my cold dead hands yeah that'll be soon by the way Chuck soon coming to a more true or in your you i've had some Michael more ghost and dances on his grave i love to see that w q a m hello two a m hello yes sir i you don't want to great pali got one for your fall okay him down of the cleave one for he was my favorite man number thirty two he was the best i don't care what anybody tries to give you saw to dance he was the greatest of all time not a good one one of the one no kind of a needle on the violence side with a woman but they exactly uh... one more thing you mentioned who's got you remember yeah of course okay great i'm from cleave one saw you remember you'll make do old headline drive and hit him in the heat miss to read the same thing never was the same yet crossed out of a little bit in it there you go have a great you know you do what you look at looking like a who's that cross i bit and channel 10 christie kruger he's there looking like that who's the actor second ever think of a no tell me because i know it's a very easy name to think of the cross i one uh... the uh... the another tell me or the news casters no the actress which will come on which one i'm thinking of three well give me the names uh... care black that's it all right what is to other cross i actress is all send you don't can do the really count that come on is uh... it's a care and black is i mean uh... it has a who it has a will of its own that i yeah so sometimes six seven oh five sixty pound how do we get to that time pile herb scour man he got hit and a lion drive off the baton go make two world those days baby when we really had some sports which you got out of a water i just read the thing in a paper because i forgot all about it about then her beating uh... the Kansas City through the ten last night and that's embarrassing across the shore of league is so watered down it's one thing to have parody it's nothing to have media equity on any given day it's not a question of anything can win on a given day and any given day a team can look like crap but he just stick the joint out just pathetic and a son sent those taken a poll that i find so typical of south florida man so i'm using you will laugh your ass off you want to hear what it is i probably not well tell anyway let me find it the poll is if the about the dolphins are they for real or they like uh... and be lucky to finish five hundred where the hell is that thing maybe it's on the sports section last time i looked at it seventy three percent we're saying oh yeah they're for real they beat two or three best teams in league and they're going to kick guys they're going to be great yeah there is seventy two point six percent yes they beat two of the path teams in league and they'll only improve twenty seven point four percent know they have many flaws will be hard pressed to finish five hundred you were right about i didn't want to hear what all but i've been just going to show how consistently uh... the people in the time and they just don't confuse it with the fact so pay a year after a year after year it's the same old tired song all works well and so for bold cigarettes on air on you know talking to the act of lack of a silly goes which he is Tony cigarette oh eleven shicago priest will remove from parishes there he goes again with that uh... stuff you live in priests suspected a sexual misconduct with miners more than twenty years ago been barred from clerical work the roman catacar stasis shicago said yesterday the men cannot present themselves this priests engage in public ministries or act as an agent of the art dices although they have been removed from the priesthoods had chancelor Jimmy logo logo would not disclose specific allegations of priest names or parishes the level among your group of fourteen priests whose alleged sexual misconduct was forward in the Vatican officials two years ago by cardinal frances George never tried first of the name frances unless it's frances or here arts dices officials said one of the priest is died to whether case will be decided by pending can't can't canonical trials eventually never saw that word in print in your life sure you did canonical rated all the time yeah had you you stories can i call my ass i'll go get the code the Vatican studied the cases last year and authorized yours a conductor review that included opinions from advocates for the priest and vise is i wonder if they read the advocate there at the uh... written rate they write it carinal jerks is determined based on the information presented that sexual misconduct did occur the special miswitch of the place twenty two but during the day when all the cases was reported about the purchase in civil authorities the statute of limitations expired all cases well i'll be done just another but you're isolated incidents they're in chicago but you're a desperate pedophile priest molesting like crazy and out of this new uh... not he pope this red this is a pope red think that is named red think that singer not that they got this thing in there with all no one no more new gay priests well i'll tell you yeah i noticed it in civil we're gonna clean house because that would take a long long time this is new russian russian russian russian russian is five sixteen two six two seven seven seven nine I never liked that April that's now a birthday fat What can get the case there I am all over in the end I really like how we put into the baby's game If we win the great thing when it's dry to flow out steam But comfort doesn't freak you out of bed Just give the free magic one big brother's bed I can't just pretend now but when they make me to bear well I can fly with fun bed I can put in jazzy air The star of secret was all big friends Can't believe that you won't be brothers 166 or 560 WQAM somebody says on the facts here How can we forget Greg Lucenas You got that? Greg Loginis Yeah, spelled it away And as long as we're going to put him on airwood about Mark Spitz What do you win like six school medals at the Olympics in Mexico City like a hundred years ago Mark Spitz Then he became a dentist So if you want to get drilled into go see Greg Lucenas or Mark Spitz At any rate let's say you're going to put Mark Spitz on air or not It's a few where you got it all depending on how depressed you are about your personal Now did we ever change your looser is it still? Yeah, yeah, we're crazy Oh, look at that nice going airico case A little slow it put a couple of little and baloney in Swiss sandwiches Just just long enough to change the spelling on it So what do we got so far? Let's read the list down so we don't care a whole lot of repeats 570 votes who is your all-time favorite athlete Dan Moreno 146 Nobody can touch Danny in quite practically who'd want to I hate sports on 17 Mickey Mattle 43 Michael Jordan 37 Michael if I have to hear that Michael crap one more time Yeah, but that's a one thing that by that's the fact that they covered up his suspension from the lead for the one year They supposedly went to play minor league baseball remember that? Oh, come on that wasn't it suspicious. Josh what do you mean he actually played minor league baseball that's I'm saying sir a sort of one I don't remember he was well, okay because he said out of season. I don't think he said out of all I think there was some gambling thing involved there. That was the rumors and then of course Remember his daddy. They found him on the side of the road. Dane somewhere in Jersey or somewhere. Yeah, yes Some really suspicious and that will be a little bit nevertheless don't talk about such stuff. My having a leave 35 They've moved 26 Willie May is 21 Bobby or 19 Wayne Greftsky 13 needle nose All somebody hit him. Hey go cry go to the mention cry Wayne Shack 12 Tom Brady 11. That's the man right there magic Johnson 10 Bob greasy 10 Roberto Clemente eight Arriba Arriba Maria Levy eight Tiger was eight too much Jim and it's mad dogs right on Tiger's ass he's got seven Larry bird five hey Larry you cured Lance Armstrong five Jordan Armstrong going have any there's deal sit there There's a great vibe. Let's see Lance Armstrong five oh Jason's in four you'll be bare afforded Fuck his four Larry Zanka Zanka three nice going Zank got rescue there last week Damn you're died Jackie Robinson tree Billy Smith three Johnny Bowers got three Jim Brown's got a pair He was great man. He was so good. It was scary. Look Eric to Joe to Mancio. Jordan Joe's got two Thinking of him being in the same room much less than the same bed with Marilyn Monroe is so scary. It's just uh, oh What about the other one Joe name of two Yeah, like Arthur treacher what are Arthur Miller right and she probably would done Arthur treacher She just was an ugly guy anybody all anybody who pal too sugar Ray Leonard to Lionel's arrows got a pair. He's still smearin it Thurman months in one cariest gypski one Jesse Owens one Walter Peyton one sandy Peyton don't have any pitch Ted Williams one Glenn Rice one Mike Tython one Joe Lewis one very bonds is got one Josh's boat No somebody else and no votes yet from Mark Spitz regular saying this John Mac and row Roger Clemens or any banks yet Gordon Jim Thorpe or Brian pickle No votes for early banks. Oh my god. What is with you people? Who wants to have any Chicago people out there probably not about Ryan Sandberg about Mark Grace What about Greg Maddicks? He just turned 96 how about those marlins by the way? Is it official night it was for nothing nice night or they he's been winners at still one more before it's a fix And we'll have that for you tonight. There's a reason to tune in We got the mole mice to it too. You got mad dog at four or six thirty marlins on Drec and then at 705 The Washington Nats will eliminate the Florida Marlins for many possible playoff while car hopes and it he came follows the baseball game AJ Bernett he was showing the door don't live in H&E S on a way out trouble maker Big mouth But Hank says he had Jack McKeon on this morning roll Jackson. He may just come back in next year. He may fool him all W to Q a M hello Yes, I am. Well, you please put a couple of things. Did you put on John L. please? John L. way, okay He's a great football player. He's a super-loving or two to show for it Yeah, we got two consecutive ones in his house It's now he had a color earlier the call-low. I was made or a radar. L. L. I'll say it will begin his career as a professional football player at Denver Broncos and he fought an exhibition fight with a cashiest player. She's me Muhammad Ali. I don't know how many people were there. But they were yeah, thank you so much. You're today And he's still watching this these guys are breaking this poor brown fellow over the cold. I feel so sad for Brownie not Rewasted time, you know, it's just a window dressing just they put on a dog and pony shirt I agree, but I mean they're they're getting some they're getting some licks in. I mean This is his proudest moment, admittedly, but he looks bad. Good. Good. Well, you know what check my used to say Q. I am just lick of have a great day, pal. Yeah I'm okay, now what Chuck said that was before he said who knows great phoneers Those interviews on the morning show and if I would have just supported it, he'd have a 40-year-old all your follow That's your suck Chuck a lot of work went into that show. Do any Q. Why you never notice Q. I am hello Hi, does Robert you could put it in put on where do you why don't they? Reggie white all right that scambles Superman is the best Reggie white got several bits about where do you why not to come to the metery by the way Reggie white for scambles suit. Oh, yeah, there's a fart sound in this bit. I'm not planning. Oh, okay Just I just take a little bit of a day I'll tell you just a little season. I played a Jeff Gordon his game in course now. Yeah, I got even better What's that inside radio just called they should stop vaccine Some of the results acknowledge you're a night in Tom Taylor call personal. I had somebody call he had some chick call good Because I'm sure he's not obviously he's not the one that's vaccine this stuff But thanks a lot Josh, you're the best man that thing is in the mail I'm gonna go out and get that movie. I'm gonna yell or George told me this morning don't get hospital from because he won't like it Don't get him any more movies see George is not your friend. He pretends to be your friend If he was your friend you'd have that big screen TV already that HD said Not he's been talking about this is how I hate him. Yeah, just just like my friend Dave told me George talks behind my back He talks behind your back. I think that maybe Moja to play about George I've been telling people you were a bag of four years now. Yeah. I think go ahead of quite about you You know it but he did the right thing He backed off because Oh god, you know seriously I would make the effort of writing the book not to make any money because it wouldn't saw him any copies But just for the satisfaction of putting it down in print so people would maybe somebody might believe it The stuff that's gone on there these last eight years forget about IOD forget about Disney puking in the waist basket all the other good stuff But just just the stuff these last eight years on this supposed radio station It is absolutely unbelievable. It's amazing WKOM hello Hey, Naley. Yes, sir. How about Joe name it? I Said him a little while ago. I don't know if he put him on there. I guess we didn't put him on yet Okay, fine. We're waiting to see if he could still play because the Jeff need a quarterback Did you put Joe name with honor yet? Yeah, I did These are gonna always got three votes. That's so well. We really just got don't have a computer. Okay, maybe saying that with Hank 5 6 7 0 5 60 Tom your favorite oh, Anthony of all time. Well, by the way speaking of Hank I went out to the magic room here during the last break or whenever well and you were like in twin stalls there side by side Not exactly Nothing quite that fun. No, I take in the hall and he was listening and he reminded me that it was on his show that Carl is from ski was on and So there so I was sitting on Hank showed training when I met Carl so there's the rest of the story well I'll be there 5 6 7 and he also stayed boy Gary's in a whole I bet you mentioned how to do more of that particular occasion But we already know that we know how that's how you think come in Q a m hello Yes, sir Q m sounds like us Yeah, I have a little thing pretty cool. Okay journey Let's get it on there right away. Oh, sure me They couldn't sing but they sure could play here's one cow ripkins is Maurice Laura listener for a hundred years. Thanks Maurice Or is that Morris? I maybe that's Morris give me think good be maybe Sandy give Let's say your thoughts on a man who's this from who can bring them or grants back to the White House? It says his name is alcohol. You know, I'm thinking that the other day I was thinking about that get what were you? No, just the quencent and if you think about it then we get this fact well They were talking about this the other day the fact that he is maybe positioning himself to For another comeback, okay, it says he's been packing people in the speech appearance So she's been packing it he isn't always has been anti war popular now in people polls people find understanding Listen to conversation regarding global warming We're screwed them over they stole the election and I'll green Al Gore can scream or you're better off now That you were eight years ago Americans have a comeback. He's got a website al Gore slash dash oi.com Now, what does that say? Remember lock box? Yeah, really funny them, but that's so funny now very good Thanks a lot pal. I'm all for that I think Al Gore could beat anybody they put up including a John McLean with his cheek called buff puffed up there or Rudy Giuliani who's got his chief of polis hanging around his neck like a Albatross never Albatross Harry Harvey Stanley dancer Five greasy and Joe Mean grill. Well, we got five greasy on your mean Joe green for the pool Okay, probably some steed or schmuck what about Terry Bradshaw? They don't come no dinner than Terry Huh, he loves his sushi. What do you say? Let's get to a Bradshaw and you even though I hit him like boys. I can can't really make it personal Can't make it personal. This is business and I don't want to make it personal, okay? So you got a Terry Bradshaw mean Joe green Got it. We got it. We got a list of 50,000 athletes on here They man there's gonna be so many jackstraps hanging on that website. It's gonna smell really bad Rancid 11. 50 six. What about Tim Horton man? He's makes a helmet don't us Wow, you know something seriously being here most of the time It's like I'm on a different planet. I'm in a different world. It's just the whole the whole mentality is just so different It's I don't know just like that PC Sean boring for Columbine where he came to Canada And they talked about all the guns that are round, but nobody shoot me to the anyone to sarnia on Terry Appaporation 80,000 and they said well once the last time he had a murder here Oh, we had one about five years ago in Windsor you had one here now not in the long time It's just uh, although we do have to shoot this now We got some folks with guns who shouldn't have I don't want to get into it. How did you sleep last night in a recent National Survey by the National Sleep Foundation? Fewer than half Americans were for getting good night sleep most nights One of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a great new Simmons VDOS queen said from our good friends at dialometres this Simmons VDOS features Individually pocketed calls. You won't feel your partner moving during the night and now price it only 599 bucks for limited time only so pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress right now Tell me you want the meal meal that Simmons VDOS for just 599 bucks plus a portion of this deal at every dialometres purchase will be donated to her King Katrina relief And when you call 1-800 mattress you still get same day delivery all across our Florida and you choose from the deepest selection You pick the date and time for delivery any to our window that fits you schedule you pick it noon to two one to three etc and dialometres shows up on time 99.7% of the time I've used them for years They always do you a great job and you can depend on it too So if you want to make the easiest piece of shopping you've ever done just pick up that phone right now and call 1-800 Macros or log under the website macros.com They're in tears of a stupidest night sleep for years to come on a bed from dialometres 1-800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for Stanley dancers Hey, I'm proud you And I like scrubbing my son a girl house with soap made from jewels and listening to the name You 123 at 5.60 WQAM happy Tuesday 2 years September 27th I know it's a lot of great athletes big a new favorite athlete We're number 27. They're all similar. Frank LaHabelich who else about it and he full-bought players great for 127. I don't think so that's what I can pick up No, not great. No, I can pick up. In fact a great number. I guess with 32 Jim Brown What's his name? Gilleseries did you was well-prepared in 32 34 34 that's right 34 was also body Mitchell on the same Brown's team with the great Jim Brown Well, I was some team they had a crappy quarterback though. No plum. Well, what a fruit Which is it gonna frost your ass? So man who immigrated from Kenya? Can you believe it to the US on prosperity? We on his expectations on the day became the US citizen George The truth of you to think about what he did that shortly after Moses Bitalk of West Amoyn took the oath of citizenship on Friday last Friday He discovered he had a $1.89 million winning ticket from the Iowa Lottery's hot lotto game It's almost like you adopted a country that made a netted you 1.8 million He said Monday as he cast in this ticket doesn't happen anywhere. Yes, only in America And Jay and the Americans Dave Black was singing all in America But our city took the citizenship both at the federal building and the Moin Friday They went shopping with his family. They stopped at a gas station to check his lottery ticket from the September 21st drawing for some reason I'm calm he said his wife Lee Anita screens She was screaming over there the time for the officer at the Iowa correction This is a for women in Mitchellville So he doesn't know exactly what he'll do with the winnings, but a college fund for the couples for your old daughter Mindy is a top priority First up, Mindy was only on a guiding light and when it came back for Camie was once in a while The doctor was received as winnings in 25 annual payments About oh see this is the American way again about 52,920 a year for 25 years after tax See they don't do that here They don't play that game you went a lot over here. They you know give you a check a whole amount No tax no games will be as any just give you to any kind of gambling winnings and some look Not what I have any but nevertheless That that's sure reminds me of it's like you know people are played a lot of heavy duty and they worked their guts on maybe They maybe they get like About six bucks or ten bucks and they never hit anything like sitting at the casino playing the slots all day long You're pouring $100 dollar bill after 100 you're pouring thousands in an all irregular If they're all losing and losing weighty hit something and then some shrunk comes up and taste them a good my she next to you Mine and six or $20 billin and but I've been here's like a three grand or something Fasters spives in a Parker color right away. I'm assuming that's high pronounce that spikes speaks I don't know Spide he says what about the greatest athlete ever to plan self Florida Pavell Burage Jesus get with it. He said love and switches fly hey You know that's true here and then we didn't take that poll that raised athlete ever to play in South Florida and The damn we know beat some hands down your pants good people to know from Pavell Burie. Okay They don't know Pavell Burie from Pavell the meteor from my Pavell the dog okay They haven't got any idea what that's all about that's not Florida for you man. Although they do like Bobby or thank God for that Danny they're not gonna come close to Danny. They just there have says let's build monuments today in Marine Okay 156 folks and Mickey Mannell's got 46 Wow even a mad dog in the same league with that what about Joe Rose But it goes he's over there on the evil side when the evil doers are me We can't put Joe Rose and they're all their journey just got a vote Joe Lewis still has only one that's because that that would take a N. Jesse once old forest I mean real real old even older than me and that's that's ancient with no from Joe Lewis WQAM hello Yeah, I got two feet of Paul okay Lauren's Taylor Lawrence Tanner good old LT And Pavell I'd be by our pay-by-by You got a paleo the great soccer player and L.T. We got that OGLT bit. Yeah, what is that called cocaine match No, it's called OGLT show Have an old T and I like what happened with with intro by Lenny Martesno dog hey that Lenny man Is he a broad bloodcaster or what just amazing to me lie nine WQAM hello Yes, sir you were the only thing I miss about South Florida well was that tell you what a horrible place it is You'll die for the internet. Oh God Exactly, I have an addition to you where you call from just that a curiosity I am in Columbus, Georgia Columbus, Joe Joe. Ooh, that's kind of scary. Well my $225,000 house here would cost about 600,000 implantation right like I said that's where the good life is man The affordable good life in Columbus, Georgia and I get an in- In-the-close the entry is it? No, it's a pent-anown 45 minutes south of Atlanta. Oh, I see because if you're too close to entry You might get a visit from the beesleys one of these days. Okay, what do you got for his family? It's not a person. It's a team the 1980 US hockey team Hmm, okay I guess you don't agree. I mean, well, it's not a question whether I agree. It just isn't the answer to our poll today It's like saying Swiss cheese, you know, it's fine, but it just don't fit, you know, all right. Do you believe in miracles? Yes, I do and I don't care. Well, the same how to hell. I sure will have a night day. Okay Do you believe in miracles, George? No. Oh, well, you sure it's for quite a lot of that song. Yeah I believe everybody love and school so all that is cool You believe in the answer Yeah Even Or it'll get that off. I hate that five six seven. Oh five 60. That's a spastic song pound five 60 I'll leave rice and stay for wireless lines I just might save my whole pile here for tomorrow. We're having such a good time with these 80 min calls Because this is pretty panless all the guy from my while ghosting show a he live in sheep and Columbus, Georgia, but does affect your mind You know like what's your favorite flavor of ice cream? We're a grier red WM hello hey, what about the one baseball coach norm camp? Oh, he's the best He's a wannabe. Yeah, baseball player Yeah, WM hello Yes, hey, you don't feel that great Okay I would have to say what happens to those two soldiers you would talk about that got blown up and Iraq the other day did eight died Yeah, number 27 Johnson, Ellie he's a good one. I wouldn't put them on the pole though The are Islanders, John Telly. I wouldn't put them on the pole. I would hear I would put my palm a tear on there before I put him Oh my god, I'm kind of scared and I think that how we need to come out with the slogan like you remember how they have the 911 scare things to get push And obviously should have pictures of the flood and then condy on Broadway and they should say while you would drown and they were out clowning Yeah, that's I like that and shopping for shoes don't forget those great $7,000 shoes man. Yeah, so good Second by okay, we love the maple leaves and I'll tell you one thing I found out who the new coach of Ottawa has been paying too much attention and really distressed me BM the spokesman even George knows the spokesman Brian Murray what about the spokesman is the Akoshi the Ottawa senator And they're gonna be damn good they're kicking the crap out of the lease in the exhibition this season and looks like they got one hell of a team And wouldn't be something not thanks to him though It's thanks to John Schmuckler the GM. We got all these guys The frozen pond there's that leaf TV maybe let's put some of that audio on it. It'll kill us so for good Anyway, old BM primary to spokesman. We won't have him to kick around no more the spokesman It's so 12 minutes after and the panthers are gonna be good too, but I'll see anybody paying any attention or having any interest Hockey season starts in a week. Golly We'll be I don't think we got a golly. I guess is wrestling up his voice with the beginning of hockey season when you think okay Well, I would think so he's like probably you know He's like standing in front of the mirror. We didn't in toning and had it some punty In that voice all straight now for hockey season here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford at home. I'm doing the wrong spot You know how you do it you go to see Chuck Alphay area. All right, huh? Wait what I said if you want to save a lot of money on your hair go to see Chuck Alphay area If you want to save a lot of money on a Ford go to Armstrong for but that's in the next hour I'm in the wrong hour. No, it was the right spot. Yeah, what somebody just facts me to log in the wrong order Or probably I just put I just put my proud together to wrong. I don't know. I'm gonna have a lot of stress Lot of pressure don't ask why don't I just make up the answer like I started the sale in the moment to go before Chuck stuck He's a hair in the middle here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford. I'm saying they've always treated everybody like family and now They want to extend it off for you to join their family nation wide Ford is extended their Ford family plan a few more days to September 30 I'm sorry man and right now at Armstrong Ford home said you get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company Employee and their families get not only do you get employee family pricing but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. How can you beat that and for a limited time with any new car purchase? You also get a color TV for free all of these things. So what are you waiting for pick up the phone right now called David Richardson 305 24751 12 and talk to him about this fantastic Ford family plan You won't get a better deal on a 408 place. I'll send town no wait and switch no full need deals And this fantastic offers only waiting for you at Armstrong for home city. You'll find a US one at Southwest 307 Street Just 20 minutes off of the 836 check them on our web Armstrong cars dot common and give David a call a 305 24751 12. He'll tell you all about this great Ford family plan Rob, few miles extra and save really a ton of money ashmit load at Armstrong Ford of home stage 625 And we took that opportunity to see live beingki28. And we came to get my every chance to cunning! And we chopped on four to thrice but raged on us. All right, what are you excited about? I pfinitely thank you for watching! WeZA was very excited since you've been meeting me for a year! Watching my yacht free Those keyways, friends, it is left at turmoil I'm dying over here He's drumming my sixth string While my transport swings Those whirling clouds are beginning and a boil He's back in the way, shunt time in red of ill St. Cazard don't find me a foul Some people claim I should run from hurricane But I know Freezing sea waters out I don't know the reason And hurricane season Lots of people start free, can't believe in a fry So what it ain't sunny And when's there once for an egg So what it's just perfect for flying a kite I'm dying over here He's actuation time in red of ill You're fairer A lyrton bee booms a run away from it all But I'm gonna stay through this real hurricane I mean, cazard don't find me Freezing sea waters out So my package has been delivered I don't know how great UPS is I tell you that's interesting when you track stuff like From my UPS or FedEx online Maybe I mean, you know, not exciting But it's kind of interesting I just got a package and me too just and said you said that Really? And who's this is? It says my name on it, but it doesn't say words from Oh, what's in it? What's in the package? Anyway, somebody fashes my message name before Oh, Steve Friedman, alright, let's hear it for Steve Well, this isn't the same Steve Maybe it is a Sanamo, or this guy's in Louisville, Kentucky Anyway, the Jewish boy Steve says, favorite athlete, al-K-Line Detroit Tigers It's not al-Kaline, okay? He didn't make no batteries, al-K-Line I'm actually going to be for you and you didn't put him on it And it's my fault because I didn't like press it Al-K-Line, first time the Tigers are hit at me 100,000 dollar contract he turned down Singin' in, he was worth that much A real pro, 110% of every game you're absolutely correct Great al-Kielder, great hitter, al-K-Line A real credit to the human race, got it? We got it, now speaking of amusing, not that it's J-E-T I told you that S&J-E-T-S, J-S stands for suck The hands suck, lately And this article is just verifies what the guy said before Because I almost didn't want to believe it So I'm using and said, it's shades of 99 with the role Reverse, 20 testy Verdi is returned to the Jets And will attempt to lead the amount of one day dark as pairs in their history In a 2 p.m news conference, testy Verdi 41 will be reintroduced The team and city that wouldn't assist tramford 1998 He's immediately following the 99 opener Which has season ending a Kaili's injury Crested Jets Super Bowl hopes How fitting then it says that testy Verdi will attempt to pick up the pieces For the Jets who lost Ted Pennington and J-Feelor for the season with shoulder injuries When you lose J-Feelor, Mr. You got some real tourists The Jets also worked at Doug Johnson, Jesse Palmer and Jonathan Quinn Did they make some more of them too? How do you like that? The Jets, J-E-T-S, S, S, and Suck So what does it mean when someone's on the other two stones? What does it mean by that? It's a piece of... It's a sonic tombstone Yeah, I think it probably means... You think it's a threat? Who is it from? Oh maybe I know who probably sent it to you Here's the appell who's your all-time favorite athlete Then Marino 161, I hate sports 118, well too bad We like this today, it's a good perversion diversion Mickey Mendel 48, Mohamed Ali 44, Michael Jordan 44, Michael, and so Michael Liu Baby Ruth 28, Willie May 22, Bobby Ord 22, Greatest Tucky player Whoever lived by far, Shax 16, who is it? Wayne Gretzky 15, Tom Brady 12, look in back there There's his number 12 too, how do you like that Josh? Very impressive. He was. He is. Bob Riesie 11, Larry Bird 10, Magic Johnson 10, Mirio Lumia 10 How about this since everybody in their brother Ali Aquey? I mean all of us are talking about Rob Marcee and other weatherguards Soon in all the ladies and those of us who maybe How about Rocky Marcee and all the great boxer? You don't think? I did before your time, but he sure was great He was huge with his cauliflower ears Robert Roberto Clemente 9, Tiger Woods 9, he has some athlete Jim Manit, and you know you were joking before about putting drivers and jockeys on here George, but I'll tell you one thing, they're having a lot better athletes than golfers If you're going to use the word high, if you're going to use the word athlete Right, I mean golfers are athletes like I'm a brain surgeon, Jim Manit, 8, OJ Simpson 8 And Lance Armstrong 8, what a trio. Yo, he's got 5, big butt kiss 5, Tim Brown 4, Jackie Robinson, 4, Greg Lewis And this 3, Sirman, Munson 3, Willie Joe's got 3, he's coming back, he's going to be the quarterback for the jets When old Vinnie can't cut it. Yeah, I hate to say this to you. I never thought Vinnie was any good Josh He really never was. No But that's her hurricane guy you're talking about. He's no Gino Toretta Lil Alzato 3, Larry Zonca 3, Billy Smith 3, Johnny Bowers got 3, old number one Journey you've got a pair, Luke Gary 2, Joe to Manjio 2, Bernie Banks 2, Ted Williams appear, Luke Powell 2 Sugar Ray Leonard 2, Palais got 1, Nino Green 1, John L. way 1, Mar Spitz got 1, there you go Cardio Shrimski 1, Jesse O'Wins 1, Walter Peyton 1, Jeff Gordon 1, Glen Rice 1, Mike Tyson 1, Joe Lewis 1, Barry Barnes 1, none Rocky Mar Samar just went on out, K-line has none, Lawrence Taylor Nun Joe Rose none, Palvel Burrie has none, Terry Bradshaw, Cal Brook King John McAro Roger Clemens Jim Thorpe and Brian Piccolo have none, all of we did like Piccolo's rest on on the beach back in the day That's when Jim Altant tried to get me to go home with him one night and I said I don't think so Jim he was trying to pick up the waiter He's dead now Jim Altant so I think we can say that I'm pretty sure he's dead and even if he's not dead I still said it 560, Town 560 only Verizon singular wireless line, it was a good dinner though How many QAM hello? Yeah, I talked to Niel plays speaking Oh Niel, I'm doing pretty good Yeah, I want to go for a vertical menu, I mean growing up as a kid, you know, I died and that's where I just playing crafty He was one of my favorite ball players and I'll tell you, he was never, never after a large salary Always was a team player, you know, big heart, so Mark me down for Roberto and I appreciate that We got you down and Bob Princess I too he's thinking who are he's dead too So we can't you know he didn't care 26 past noon at 560 WC, and we got the moment Who the rumors are sent Georgia to him stoned him? This is Niel Roger, he's a star star rumor This is a 560, K-A-B Yeah, oh there goes that audio ball Oh, don't tell me, okay? All right, we won't tell you Lekau, Niel Rogers is right, their cubs start New Orleans thought it had been fair at the worst And then two major levies broke and slowly the city filled with water The city that's just below sea level is now under sea official estimated 80% of New Orleans is now underwater New governor's been asking for everybody to say a prayer I think we could probably do that for our friends and I love one of those guys I'm dying out of the hair I'm dying by a month of the day Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad, very bad Last night we didn't know the half of us, we are still learning just how bad What I saw today is a equivalent to what I saw flying over in the tsunami in Indonesia There are places that are no longer there I mean everything is flooded, everything is closed There are people being evacuated We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending AIDS to one another They're called Lekaukers and rescue teams Lifting people one by one, hundreds and hundreds and all for rooftop We're hearing lots of stories like that of people insisting one another Just start for them and for not just them all the people down there You know, we're picking up the pieces We're the members that are disrolling down to the field Good morning, Mary, God If don't you know me, I'm your maid, God I'm a training officer, you're new only I'll be gone by a long time when the day is done Tonight I ask for your prayers, for all those degrees Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best I ask the Americans people to join me in saying a prayer For the victims in their families, God bless Abu Garra, read 1232 at 560W, he's down there in Brown'sville, Brown knows an arround, El Presidente Was it in Brownville, he was or somewhere else? I don't know, I mean, Brown, what I mean, what's with the B? He's somewhere in Texas, you for it And he's got that, you know, remember we did the poll about one word Describes bush the best, yeah I've got to the thing in advance, I don't think we even put it on there You know what it is, because I looked at him, I showed that tip of him being given the tour The grantor, all the devastating damage there in Beaumont You know what the word is? I give up pathetic, oh, yeah Perfect, he really is He's failed that everything he's ever done You know, they spoon fed him, they've been put him in the world business to baseball business Every business he ever went into, he failed And then they stole him two elections and again he failed Yeah, but why do you hate America? Former FEMA Director Michael Brown told Congress today he made specific mistakes in leading the initial Federal government response to Hurricane Katrina The Brown also blamed state local officials for government failures Not that he wants to point to think of anything like that or play the blame game Brown told a special congressional panel that Luzia and Governor Kathleen Blankhead And the warlanes may array in Nagan, we're not coordinating their efforts And that he should have done more to persuade them to do so He suggested that the FEMA agency had gotten a bum wrap because many people incorrectly believes It serves as something of a federal rapid response force FEMA is a coordinating agency, we're not allowed for some agencies He said, but now it's in here, there's this line We'll just make you do wild things in your pants It is inherently impractical, totally impractical for the federal government To respond to every disaster of whatever size and every community across the country Brown said In other words, this one no thing, every time somebody gets a hang now, we're supposed to be there Right, stand and go to feet It breaks my heart to think about the disasters we respond to as FEMA and the think about the disasters We also don't respond to he added Oh my god, Democrats wanted an independent investigation out of the control of majority of Republicans Largely boycott of the hearing At the end of the day, I suspect we'll find that government and all levels All the people who see an administrative and Alabama and the Gulf Coast They come in the chairman Tom Davis, Republican of Virginia Democrats mostly in poor Canada because they're just a white wash, just a bunch of crap Wife away star time with this 770 votes, we're not gonna make a thousand acres without pushing for it Plus we don't have enough names on it, which we will, we got 711 Let's go there, let's go get a big gulp WQA envelope WQA, hello Hey, I was trying to ask you, I was quite Johnny notice was it on that pole Johnny had it a soul number 19, you got a man All right, thanks a lot Thanks, Johnny, I just how come he's not under Johnny you Huh? Yeah These people are comparing a Peyton Manning to Johnny and I just need mental health Okay, in fact Peyton Man, you notice how the cults don't screw any points There's season interaction to just getting by a defense Are you saying that he's not good? Oh no he's really not no Johnny and I this, there's a difference between good and great Okay, I mean, I haven't had a disagree with you Do you think he's a great quarterback Peyton Sandy Peyton Manning I'm pretty sure he set the record for touchdown passes last year. So, what did he win? Oh, you have to win a Super Bowl to be good. What do you have to do? You have to win champion, so you have to be in a big dance. Did he go to the Super Bowl to even play in a Super Bowl? No. You better learn your J.U.N.I. to history, Mr. because you sure don't know it. You know Jimmy or from Bobby or you better start to get on the Glenn Wagon. You better have current sit you down and give you some sports history. When you have some real boring spare time. When you're like watching the hospital, a George C. Scott, I'm going to go out and get a just to piss off George. All right, yeah, you can. I think you're like it. I think you're like it. I mean, it's, you know, it's, I don't know. Actually, when I'm going to do isn't going to watch it again first by myself. And then I'll decide whether I'll send her a minute. Take it to temperature. Yeah. I'll stick my thermometer and see if it's got a fever. What do you want? WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm going to be fishing for the Paul in a hotheat and a surprise Bobby. How was it, there he is? Bobby, you hold, old number nine. He wanted to make a really broad hotheat up to which, you know, to which peak in the late, it's generally something. Once he retarded, waiting to win down with him, I mean, he's a great guy. But I won't dispute that. I think he's always very good. He was good. He could really shoot a man. No, and well, I don't, you're not going to hear it at all. Paul, he's a very popular rat. You even know he is a guy. I think he talked to you a lot of work to be run. Oh, who is an Arnold Palmer? Yeah, he would. Yeah. That's a good question. Farvel, put a monitor for Arnold Palmer and Bobby, how you got him? And as always, we're putting on the honor on there. What about Jack Nicholice, huh? He's, well, let's say, he'll get votes. It's first in South Florida, he and his whole family will probably vote for him. You know, I don't want to go through the whole thing about golf again. It's just, it's just a tremendous incredible waste of time and money and effort, you know, and the crowd is all hushed, you know, and it's just, it just makes me nauseous. But it kills some good time, I guess, for some very board people. WQA, I'm hello. And you know, how about Mark Dufers, 24th, half-organist, Rick Blair? Anybody else? No, I do. Okay, this is eight. Can't leave those. You can't leave about nine. I can't. I can't keep you happy. I can't keep you. Too many for me, okay. We don't want to list. We want one. Make up your mind, okay. Make up your mind. Who is your favorite all-time athlete? I couldn't give an list, you know, I could have said, oh, a bunch of people. Frank Mahavoloch and all kind. I could have put my buddy Ray Whitney on there. But I didn't. I voted for old Johnny Bower. Because that's the ultimate answer. I could have put Francis O'Hare on another old guy, great driver at the Hezelt Park in North Irland, the Wolverine Ray. Old Francis O'Hare bought cash. A lot of tickets on old Frank. Long since did. 72 man, there's an athlete. Not some guy at the Wonders run on the golf course. Like the Tiger and Arne and Jack Nick was, those blue nose A-holes, but nevertheless. That was good about Bobby Holla. That's good about. Let's get hockey intensive. Oh, hockey season. Let's get Rimmer on a phone and have a, in fact, when I go on vacation in the couple of ways, George is going to be doing a hockey show with Jeff Irmer every day. Yeah, so I'm. Yes. I, yes, I want to speak to you. Speaking. That's not new. It sure is. It looks like me. Just looked down. It's mine. It's me. I'm going to teach you what to do. I'm going to teach you how to do. How's it going, eh? It's going, eh. But I'm in Florida. We don't have about 16 years now. I'll be there. Yeah, but I'm so, while he was face up and pro, just in case you change her mind. I have a joke for you. We don't do jokes. You don't do jokes. All good. It's good. We still don't do jokes. Have you got a name for our poll? Yes, Gary Cohen. Gary Cohen. Gary Cohen. Good looking at the hockey. Gary Cohen, the Jackie. The Jackie, yeah. The Hank doesn't know who it is. Sorry? Gary Cohen, the Jackie that was in Florida. Okay, thanks. Thanks for your time. How's it going? Gary Cohen. I know his brother Marty. Yeah. Good for you. That's going to be one of the most bizarre calls because I keep, don't let me forget tomorrow. I'm across over with, bring up that thing about Gary Cohen again. Well, I'm sure it's probably not related to David Cohen who's writing California now. But there he goes with hockey and horse racing. And we told you on the poll yesterday, the other day, man. We don't want to hear about hockey, horse racing or a whole load of the three ages. No more of the three ages. Okay. Is that what he said? Tocky was number one horse racing number two and hey, home O talk was number three. This is Neil Rogers. This is for nobody can't steal. I'll tell you that. I'm about taking it and the behind where was FEMA. Broken everything steamer was nowhere inside. FEMA. Even with one aim, the FEMA's boss was in bright. When the storm was over, water was everywhere. But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there. Baby FEMA. No better contra. They went to Haliburton. FEMA. Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt and when it's rich people hurt and I'm dying on the hair. FEMA. You're going to pay your pants when you hear this next thing I would have passed along to you. Second thing. First of all, I hope not because I really have to go. Trust me you will. You won't have time to go. 75. Who's your favorite? Why should go now and pee now while I do the poll? Oh no, it's not that bad. Or just dribble on the floor there. I got the waste basket. Your all time, well, probably could make the smell any worse than that studio from what you're telling me. But that right. 170 nobody's going to touch Danny boy with those real funky lips. Hall of Flamer man Dan Marino. He could play. I hate sports 123. 16.5% of the science just. They're like that. They don't like it. We want it. They don't want it. We like it. They don't like it. Michael Jordan is tired with Mickey Maddo 49. My hand on Ali 47 is right on both their ass. They brew 31. Baby root. Willie May's 22. Bobby your 22. Soft. 19. Wayne Grescky 15. Larry Bird 13. Tom Brady old number 12. He's got 12. Roberto Clemente Lancer Armstrong Bob Reese and Tiger Woods 11. P. Magic Johnson and Murray the Mew 10. P. O. Jason Simpson's got nine. And also a rat. You'll be in the dick cut his six of piece. Jim Brown five will be on 25. For each for Alkaline Pelle. Jerry. Lou Gert in Jackie Robinson. Greg Lucena's German months in Joe nameeth. Lil Alzeo Billis Smith and Johnny Barrett three of piece. Pavel Burrey here are with the ones with two. Pavel Burrey John L. Marspit's to measure water. Peyton Roney Banks said William Jeff Gordon Boob Powell. Sugar by Leonard and Barry bonds one of piece for Jack Nicholas Johnny you Lawrence Taylor. Mean Joe Green Cal Rupkin. Carlisce James Gigi ones. Glenn Rice Mike Tyson in Joe Lewis and no vote. Jeff for Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan. Where the hell he come from? I don't know. I guess he's like up a Josh. I got called in. I put it on. Hulk Hogan the guy called in with like 900 votes. I heard like three of them. Oh, I see. Tony you're saying these are all have none. Tony you're a said Mark Duper. That's another one. He said our old Palmer Bobby Haw Rocky Marciano. How about Rob Marciano? I vote for him Joe Rose Terry Bradcharge on Matthew Roger Clemens. Jim Thorpe and Brian Pickleau all got the big. Oh, and that's kind of surprising. You know votes for Terry Bradshaw. Is it? Why? Why is that surprising? Because you want to hold much of super bowls. Even though he's one of the artists with the steers. We're here in Florida. They don't have any steers. Down here. And how they don't? I haven't seen any. Yeah, that's what it was. So anyway, here's the thing that was going to make you just. You're maybe already know about it about kiss. No, what about it? Oh, here we go. Hang on tight. Hold on. Usually looking to immerse yourself in that southern rebel country music. No. South Florida's country music station WKISFM kiss 99.9 is launching this week a high definition radio station that will carry a mighty cry of what kiss marking director Sandy Sloan calls. A town yet attitude. How the hell? Yeah, like that. With this form, you just rock and out the whole time, Sloan said, We'll be playing a lot of that southern rock that doesn't have a real niche. So as you want to hear, but can't find in South Florida. Well, it covers a lot of territory. Because if you can't find a southern South Florida, that means that something anybody do want to hear. So we're going to be having a lot of Molly hatch it. Well, I'm going to tell you right now. That's trash and glycid. All men brothers van Charlie Daniels van Leonard skitter Travis Trent Toby Keith and nice wedding zooner kiss plays more mainstream country Tunes Sloan said whatever I don't know what that means called Gretchen 99.9 the HD station is inspired by the South Had or Redneck woman Gretchen Wilson, which released a latest album all jacked up this week. Is that Gretchen Wilson? No, it's Florida's hit it. Oh, they're in Skinner. I can't hear it. So I don't want to hear it. I like it. I like it. It's going to just fine. Okay. Are they still dead by the way the president died in the crank? Yes. The station, oh, my name is based easily broadcast group is one of some 200 HD outlets across the country, including Beastly's Power 96 is dancers in the electronic station and National Public Radio affiliate WLRN FM's 91.3 classical music station HD HD is cutting it cutting it It's technology that offers crystal queer CD quality sound, but the signal can only be captured if you have a special HD receiver. Anybody out there got one? No. HD receivers costing some 250 to see if their bus are stated to be widely available for this holiday season. Gretchen 99.9 will be Steve Loss being live on kiss.com as well as overall the year on HD2 99.9. What does that mean? HD2. I don't know. I guess that's some fangled HD talk. We don't know about because we don't got no HD radio. And of course, we're like digital stereo, something around AM, but nobody, there is nobody alive who's got one of those receivers. So we still sound like like that, like old time AM radio. We're kicking it old style. We're middle digital. Is that a middle digital? Yeah. So what's the story on that two stone you got? We want to encourage my head to go over to the address. I think it's a bad threat. I'm going to use it. I'm going to take it home and use it for Halloween. What is it? It's a tombstone. It's a motion activated tombstone and when you move in front of it. It makes sounds. Yeah. I think it would be just in the right spot. It goes. It's like that. Come on. Do you QAM hello? Now we can get her done. Not that the nation. Yeah. There you go. Hey, in center of brain surgeon. Why do you want to go with your money on that pole? All right. We'll go right. See ya. Richard Penny. Yeah. Gold is a nice. And so are the one race car drivers. If golfers are athletes and so are race car drivers. I got news for him and race car drivers are a hell of a lot more athletic than golfers. Even guys that play bad mid and are more athletic than golfers. Soccer players. When we got paleo on there. But just about any sporting type activity or game. You can think of even guys that play monopoly. I think are more athletic than golf. Poker. If they have it on ESPN it must be a sport. There you go. Feel like you're. Poker. How many QAM hello? Are you doing? Pretty good, pal. I got one for you. This is from here. From here. Or you could beat up a white person. But you couldn't date one. Check. Jack. All right. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, pal. We'll see you in the good old runs. We're just hanging. Wow. 5.670. 5.6. We get a lot of, we'll get 50,000 names on here. Let's put every athlete. How about Joe Peppetone? What about, uh, I was trying to figure out a obscure name that I hit, uh, how about Jerry Lumpy enormous seabroon? Huh? How about Gus Zerniel? How about, uh, there was a baseball player named Zeeke and I can't think of what his last name was he played either for the Washington Center. I think for the Washington Center is Zeeke. Although I was Gus Zerniel's nickname Zeeke, but there was actually a guy named Zeeke. Somebody will know. And Josh will say, oh, yeah, I remember that. 5.670. You've got to bone up on this stuff. Man, because someday you might get to like, I'm one of those shows all the way down. It's like on jeopardy. And you can pick ancient the jocks from the dark ages, you know, every, uh, Bob Musil from 1927, the Ankees speaking in 27. The World Champion, 27 Ankees. That's the year that the baby roof hit 60 home runs by the way. 1927, you know that? Uh, I didn't know you know it. See? Not even on a clock in. You're learning fantastic and graphical stuff here that someday might make you a lot of money, but I really doubt it. WCWM, hello. Hey, New. Yes, sir. I'm doing an out-torn between that great pool and Gump 4. That's a test spot to me in. You don't have to choose. We'll put them both on there. All right, let me do it. Mark Cranfield, those are the horrible myths back in the days when the myths were really a joke. I'll look quite frankly nowadays again. And Gump 4 is Lee. WR, W-O-R, SL-E-Y. In fact, he had a radio station's college. There's one of the first few letters of the Gumpers name. Gump 4 is Lee. And Ed Cranfield. And Cranfield. How about Eddie Jackman? Those are the kind of hockey players that me photoshoot about like in the distant past. That's me, Phos hockey knowledge. Ed Cranfield's Ed, the Jacumen and Gump 4 is Lee. How about Eddie Jack? What do you say? What do you think? How about Gora? Here's one for serious Gordy How. H-O-W-E. How now Brown? So? That's what they say to Oprah. What do you think? Gordy How? Okay. Now please don't tell me you never heard a Gordy How Josh. I have. Jesus. Oh, okay. What? Yeah, he's heard about Jesus. He was over there typing. You know, the mics. Yeah, he would know Gordy How from how he and Lorenz. For Johnny Dolans. Anyway, let me say it again as a warning. As a public service to the audience, if the movie, the anniversary party comes to a cable network near you or if anybody offers you to set you or loan you or just give you the DVD. Just say fat and throw back at him. Do not watch it. It highly touted again a piece of garbage. That's not an opinion. That's a fact. It is morbid. It's depressing. It doesn't go anywhere. It just goes on much, much too long. Nearly two hours of crap. And guess what? The dog comes back home in the end. Oh, boy. Somebody had a happy ending. Yeah. No, it did not. That's why all this other tourists was going on inside and the dog comes back and he sniffed around like, you know. And then the credits come on and you say, that's it. That's what I wasted almost two hours of my, well, actually two and a half hours of the commercials of my life on this. I'm going to say. He's a garbage. Yeah, it was on some, uh, one of those where they have commercials. You know, like I have these got commercials. Although it was not, I see they would never show anything that bad. Anyway, here's a future post suggestion, but I know we've done this many times. If I could get that lot of software I would live in. Then it's got New York. I mean, we've done that, right? Yes, we have appreciate all the post suggestions. It's not that we've done before. And we've, and the one we're doing today was never done before. Believe me, we've done your favorite software athlete, but never done just like to narrow it. Just in general, anybody in the world like, uh, like maybe, uh, Harold Parker or Howard Parker, you and your engineer, right? Oh, and what about Brian Sears for Christ's sake? This is Neil Rogers. This is 5602AZ. So, this is on, this is not a tomb. It's the one, the two, Ola. Coming up tonight on his own, behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. If you look up hairband in the dictionary, you'll see these bushie little mothers. They were poisoned. We've had that loser. I mean, the guy from poison in here many times. She's in Trilmick, host the open mic porch tonight at the grounds for divorce coffee house. It gives him something to do, you know, since the record stuff selling and the group he stopped polishing his knob. Every rose has its thorn, and in much the same way every night has its dawn. But it's not forget that it is also analogous to the notion that every cowboy sings a sad sad song. That expert on by the guy from poison, other hard rock acts have hit the coffee house circus. Like the guy from quiet riot, come on and fiel the noise. And once you have felt the noise, now would be the time if you were a girl to proceed with rocking your boys. What we do in this instance is get wild, wild, wild. What some metalists have found the transition difficult, they just rocked too hard for the coffee house circus. As evidence by the guy from Iron Maiden. Oh God. poison. Their transition into spoken word poetry readings is inspiring. If by inspiring you mean pathetic. It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside the barn. What I wanted 560 WDQAM. This is interesting. Hundreds of thousands of Georgia children got a break from classes yesterday after Governor Sani Perdue. As schools were closed for two days as a head against possible fuel shortages, leaving many parents struggling to arrange childcare. Is now a religious angel, will it rest? We're struggling. The shortages that Perdue feared never materialized largely because reader proved less damaging to go to the Gulf Coast we find was initially expected. Parents learned to the governor's decision-made Friday afternoon. Many families had a scramble over the weekend to make ardent arrangements for the children. Two mothers brought their great schoolers to the capital on Monday for a teaching on the steps. Just yards from Perdue's office. It's certainly caused a lot of problems for working parents. They had causes problems for these kids. They need to be learning and access hang in the out watching the cartoon network at home. Said mother Randy David of suburban Atlanta. Randy David no can do. No Howard David. Meanwhile, gas supplies are moving freely through pipelines that serve Georgia. The governor staff said yesterday that shortages were still possible later in the wait because the dark and were shut down for days because of the storm. Democrats including state party Chairman Bobby Khan criticized the moment of the first thing he decided to was told to school's concept. That's something about his youth and education and his priorities. Yeah. Can't complain about education and Georgia for generally speaking, they're ain't much. They're ain't nine. And if there isn't, it's always certainly, anyway. Or the school hard rockers. Although they do have a lot of big trees there and they, you know, they only old rope it up there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's the trees are good for like caught up into and playing the band. You win and also just hanging out with your friends and hanging in some of your enemies. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, tell Murphy and CO4. Put him on that, baby. Okay, the al Murphy and Theo Flurry. Hey, Theo. You're fairy. The al Murphy, but I'd say the one thing he was one hell of a player and man. Did he look good or what? Dale Murphy. All he drank too much milk to satisfy me. And he was married at a wife all the other stuff. But I can't imagine he ever said the effort. That's actually disturbed a little of I'm sure he did. But I should have a little bit disturbed by people who tend to come off his like Pat Boone, you know, too many two shoes. And then when the chips were done and Pat Boone was doing like heavy metal music to try to pedal out because he was so desperate for cash. And that's a kind of hypocrite you deal with there. Hey Pat, you idiot. You, uh, do fairy. And how's that old boorning a box coming, Pat? Looks like an acorn to me. 5, 6, 7, Otis, line 9 again. This might be from Georgia. WQA, I'm hello. Yeah, he knew. I've got one for your pull. And where you call from, say, sir? The Buc Iowa. The Buc Iowa. Oh my god. Where the real guys are. Yeah, you got it. Hey Bob Sauer. Bob Sauer. Great, uh, team onions right hander. You got it. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. Bob Sauer. You got it. Was he a nice fella? He was a good fella. 19, 14. I think the onions want to pen a thanks to Bob Sauer. And then he was part of that great onions, pitching staff in 54 by the way. I want to pen a really win in Bob Lettlemon and my car is seeing and Bob Sauer. I like that. All right. That's part of my knowledge of useless craft that I wish I could get rid of. Just cut us up my brain, you know, like, uh, day of rain in Johnny's saying. And the low pat and whitey Ford and alley rentals the chief. I'm not sure Josh knows all about those 54 Yankee engines. Don't you? Bob, you're a hea. You're a hea. Oh yeah. WQA and hello. Yeah, he'll. Yes, sir. Uh, you mentioned many swimmers like your markspits. He's on there. He's on there. He's swimmers. He's a he's drilling for dollars now. Mar Spitz. That was pretty good looking guy. Mar Spitz. He's got a wife and a family. He's a dentist now. He's drilling it. And the teeth too. That means he tells our everyone to spit. Mark Spitz. Probably a good idea. Rinse and then he has a mustache. That's when the other little piece of trivia for you there. Everybody knows about Mar Spitz. He was a great swimmer. He's also a good Jewish boy there too. I like that. I suppose to bad Jewish boy like my orlansky. My orlansky. I'm not going to hire a less. He man. Nobody not going to hire him in raw. The old the old the year last there on the bait. So he's like a highman rock. I mean, my orlansky. He used to walk his dog and Collins Avenue and he was a very nice man. And then of course remember that thing that happened at the forge that time. Just isolated incident. Do you know who I am? Hello. Yes, sir. Let me say it again. Yes, sir. He's gone. He's history. Hello. I think he just expired. Well, that's probably the probably the funeral home called on the other end to make arrangements. QAM hello. Oh, I got some for the poll. Okay. Sandy cofax. Now we're talking about a good Jewish culture. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. All right, man. Sandy cofax wouldn't pick on your own kipper. Now what did Hank say that next Tuesday is Russian. Sean. It's the junior. New year. Okay. The same calm and the. Speaking of Nazis man, I bet you I bet you Ramstell's got his plans there. He's got some devious plans. He has this. Yeah, he's going to call his friend the exterminator. He knows the terminator, but he'd rather call in the exterminator. Man, oh man. In fact, I just had that thing about was Hitler gay. I told him about that movie tonight. So go that I want. And they showed some of the footage of the Nuremberg. When I was Nuremberg trials, it was footage of Hitler making one of his speeches. And there was hairmongering in the back. Well, I said a little if if Ramstell put out about 10 pounds and put on his SS boots that I'm sure he marches around with him private. There, there is a clone. You might have sent my name to Rice, Marshall Curry. Take the glasses off, put on about 10 pounds and put on at the outfit. You know all the stripes in the start. And there's hairmongering. Go step in your round in your life. Murderer. Ramstell, do you murder or you butcher security forces? You ninkem poop you any, you neoconolunatic. Why don't you look with Bill, what's his name? Tells his name from the National Review. That lunatic. Oh, crystal. Okay. Did I do you think it up? That's not his name. I don't believe it. That's one of them. That's the one I'm talking about. Bill Crystal, who's daddy was the head of the Eocon movement, one of the founders, one of the Mubbers and shakers he's shaking it. And I shaken and they put him on their Chris Matthews puts him on the other days got that half hour show on a weekend on either a CNNBC or one of those Chris Matthews. Who's he got on a pulled Bill Crystal? Neocon lunatic. Tells us about how everything's going so great in Iraq. I'm dying on the other way. Yeah, you butcher. You, oh brother. They ought to take Richard Pearl. Bill Crystal. This one here, Romsfield and Dick Cheney. All of those people ought to be in federal prison right now. Talk about the Newer and Bird trials. I say let's bring it back again. Okay. They're talking about one of those faith-based prisons. Let's do it again. You're neither Newer and Newer and Bird. Much of crowds there anyway. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, one for the bull. Yes, sir. Peter North. Okay. Yeah, he was pretty athletic. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. He's been doing it for a couple of days. And we all choose for second-second. That's our favorite. Yeah. I want to ask you a question. It's true that Ruxi and Goldie are going to be calling the Panthers game. That's right. Okay. Put right ahead. Put right ahead. Well, that can take a put-a-mine. No good votes. I bet you Ellie Annabrew votes for him. Now that she's off of her. She's off of Raffies of Van Wagon. Oh, Raffie is so wonderful. I'll show you how to do it. Yeah, right. Let's do the hearings over again sweetheart. And let's put Mark McWyer on her to say, but he would be pretty good. Yeah. I'm not going to talk about the past. That would be like- that would be like- The number of trials. So we aren't going to talk about the past. The past is the past. You know? Yeah. What kind of crap is that? He's obviously not an opium or an acacia. Yeah. Oh, brother. Look at this. The newer Raffies on the path toward freedom of democracies. Is Hamon Gary Rumsfeld. Oh, brother. You idiot. You're fair. Who'd have you? Thank you. Talk and do. And I'll say it again. The media. There's no work going on. There's nobody dying. All these stories that I find on these various websites. There's nothing on CNN, MSNBC. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. All we see is water industry. It's in Louisiana and in Texas and Alabama and Mississippi and places like that. That's always seen. Hurray canes. Nothing at all going on. We're going to have a new with people dying in bloodshed and I'll say it again. We hit. I just read article. I think I just emailed it for tomorrow to a Josh about the fact that Baghdad is without Power most of the day now and all these poor bastards are over there in the dark. There's no power. Yeah. But everything. And of course, maybe the media would say, well, we don't have any power either. Right. Yamama, who are you? They can be shown a slide. Pictures right now of the bloodshed and the grotesque stuff going on over there. But they don't want to because it's bad for business. We can't show this flag drape caskets coming back from Germany. Right. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM. Hey, Chuck Alphiari says, hey, better talk about it this hour than last. In fact, since I started doing this spot last hour, probably a few more follicles fell out. When you think, I'm sure they did. Chuck Alphiari has been helping the famous and also famous guys look their best for over 30 years now. About 30 minutes. Because Charlie's got the best looking hair going anywhere in the world. A lot of hair pieces that are wigs. There are peace. And you can tell by looking at them and they're ridiculous. Anybody can tell it's a muskware on a hit. It looks like a dead barnyard animal. It looks like a bunch of straw got stuck in the holes in your head. But Charlie's created the best and most natural system in the world. His new skin like hair system, the natural hairline system is 100% un-etectable. Looks like we'll hair grow not your scalp. And that's the difference. It'll make you look years younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again. Whether you're like 25 or 105. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. Yeah, nothing lose but that shiny reflective ballspot. It tried Charlie's system for a month for 30 days. About 30 minutes. After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels. And if you're not getting laid like 40, 50, 60 times a day or at least. About 30 minutes. Time to return it for a full refund. Make the call that they tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new Roger Show. Get your special QAM. $200 discount after regular $800 price of the best in the world natural hairline system. Call toll free. $1800 321 2413. Be sure and tell them that choice grandfather told you to call. They will just pee in their pants laughing. $1800 321 2413 around the wicked web. It's Charles Alfieri.com. This is Neil Roger. This is 5. 15. Hey, Goldberg. We do morning 7. The day was warmer brown's coach former humor is the Miami coach. I don't think you think the biggest problem or is that you had a clean one. I don't think we have a the show is not long. You know, I made some mistakes. There's some things that I wish that I would have done differently. You know, the old story about the cover being bare from the standpoint. You were basically kind of similar starting from scratch. And in two years after we can get into the playoffs, then we've got to have a $25 dollar salary debt perk. And I can pay you that that probably one single thing destroyed all the credibility that you have as a coach in the locker room. We got with the hammer. We did it. We did it. Only on sports video 516. QAM. All the crap you could unwrap. All the slime all the time. Oh, I'm so worried. I know it's okay. So both of them will be up, but we're okay. Thanks to the coach. I am the port in the storm. The slick is contained. He might suggest you read. Roger that. I am the line in the sand. And I have sand stuck in every nip and cranium up on it. Oh, I got you. Hang on. Okay. Take this off. I am the rest you are in the dark. I am the enforcer of the seas. I am naked. I like you. I am the container 38. Everything is secure. Good work, Garcia. Now. What do you wear? To become one of us called so free. 1 8 7 7. Don't ask. Don't count. Or visit gocosgard.com. We are the 90s phase pro. The 90s phase co-star and co-scar deserve. Is she a freezing? Or kind of like the navy except we like to dance backwards. Sponsored by the US co-scar then go operation with a station. Oh, they like it. 117 and 5 16. Nobody threw them. Some people would say, well, I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. I got that thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That thing on there. That's it. That thing on there. Look at that. Get on. Mark it down. We definitely don't want to do it. If we sure I want to listen on that 790 crap because we'll do anything to hurt them. Right, Joel. Am I right? That's it. That's not it. You're noisy, you're Eeakling. You're simply. You're fair. Reed and Bates. The red tide blue Man has played the Southwest load of course for most of the years. Chasing away tourists this fall. Business owners and tourism officials have ridden him. What a tough man, Drard. The toxic algae has left loads of snowy dead fishes on beaches. hard for people to breathe. It's prompted early checkouts and cancellations that hotels and tourist hotspots such as Anna Maria Island near Bratanton and Santa Belon kept Tiva Islands off board Myers. Well like I said, Cullton and Dred. And we'll teach all those going to go over there to the stupid islands, right? Right. Veech businesses business owners are concerned that could reduce their tourist traffic as they gear for the busy winter season. This is definitely a bad thing since the green steam. Aha! Executive director of the Santa Belon kept Tiva Island Stamber Comers. Like I said, but September's traditionally a light month for occupancy. If the red tide continues to the season, it could mean economic ruin. Ruin! How do you like that? At Bratanton Beach on Annemory Island Lynn Johnson, who owns funnets, sun pericels, said the stench has been almost unbearable. Just like the QM studios there. Saturday we came to work and the beach in the bay were just filled with dead fish. He said every kind of fish, eels, blowfish, groupar. They've laid their dead for three days. You could walk on it. You wouldn't believe the stench. Mary Ann Bratman executive director of Annemory Island chamber Comers. She's received complaints from tourists. We hear visitors saying, what is that? Why can't I breathe? So it's causing a sudden risk. The West Coast is Florida. What do you put here for a long time? Stinks over there. Am I right? I haven't been there long time. I don't say, with or without the fish. I'm not talking about the fish. Forget about the... I'm not talking about a Roma. I'm talking about ambiance. It stinks. And of course the beesleys being over there. I think, oh, there's general Myers. Okay, but a beep. But I'm up here. Right. Keep lying. Baby keep lying. Decided you want to give an activity for forces. Law enforcement authority. Yeah, there you go. Oh, he's seen that I even talking about a rack. They're talking about putting the military, which they should have done. And the first place is bringing the military in. The ten members of the troops that aren't in Iraq. Am I right or what? Well, yeah. When you got, when you have a major catastrophe happening, you've called it in the military. You call it every available body is what you do. And I still wonder how those connect guys under those rock and idiot mountains. How they got their first before the animal cool authorities. They probably want. God, all mighty. W to Q a M. Hello. Yes, sir. I have one for your folks. I'm sure you do go ahead. How about hang green bird? Hang green bird. Boy, that's you must be an old timer. I'm an old timer. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Okay, buddy. He was no hang gold bird by the way. Hank green bird. Hank green bird. Great slugger. He tried tigers. I believe Hank green bird. I didn't even remember. Wasn't he? Josh. Yeah. He was Google Google. He was. He was on the truck. Oh, how do you know that? I've heard. Okay. Five, six, seven. What about, there's so many. You know, this pole is kind of ridiculous because there's so many, but it's, and of course, Danny Boy, beating all of these other great athletes. What does that tell you, huh? What does that tell you? I'm going to put on Joe Marse Jr. Okay. Put him on what? The pole. Okay. Hey, he's 100 years old. He's still live, by the way. Son Ra. So you want to think about harness racing. It's a family business. You go from one generation to another. There's Ronnie Marse and there's all these others. Suns and daughter. There's always the great jeans series. For example, Hall of Fame. Did. Then it was a son Jay Sears. My good friend Jay and Papa, no part who couldn't drive his finger up here. No, it was nevertheless taught as son well. Brian best driver to a put Brian Sears on there right now. Okay. The best in the world. Nice going. Brian. See you, leave me what I'm talking about. Do you? You talk about the people. The audience. The people that are starting to know Brian Sears from Sears Robock. I still want to put him on her because he's great. He's phenomenal. And we're proud of him. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I think we're talking about giving active duty. People, uh, police powers. But I started about defending military. So they can go ahead and declare martial law anywhere for anything. I didn't come in there for a complete police state. The word you're looking for is your stop. Oh. Yeah, the stop. So they can give them anywhere. They want for any crisis. They're there. They, you know, so anybody in jail. And, you know, that's right. But that's it. They're not really. When they discover you got a huster magazine that you just bought in a brown paper or a wrap or you look a little bit. Yeah, right. They're going to send them into your house man. Give any old what for. The rewatching Dr. Rose, say, uh, police, uh, come down. We're going to help you. The Larry Flint police will be back. That's right. You can see a pal. They're giving a little bit of that. Abu Garra. Red treatment, especially with that Alberto Joseman is Gonzalez now. Gonna be the, the, the, the right hand man of the fear. Do understand the stop. Oh, just. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. You can not blame most of the American people. Once we're in tells you know, for me, I was going to give too many police powers. Okay. Because once that, a stop will comes in there. We're all going to be a walk in very, very strange. Even stranger than some of us already do. You're going to be goose stepping. We're here. He never likes our corn cob and you're right. So, Governor Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Kind of that Sally Fitz March. Yes, sir. We get there radio turned down. Turn everybody down, please. I got a, uh, I got a poll for you. I mean a poll member for you. A poll member? Yeah. You're going to be redundant. He says, yeah, I guess so. He says, sorry. He says, Dr. Blayer, George Best. George Best. George Best. Anybody who knows soccer? No, George Best. Oh, and let me ask you this. Now, what's the guys? The big shot David that, what's his name in England? Uh, back home. David Beckham. We gotta get him on there, too, right? You could put back him on, yeah. You're doing a big fan of his. Well, what? I was the, no, I haven't kept it with a George Best. You used to play in Fort Waterdale. And he's probably one of the finest that's ever played the game. Okay, thanks a lot, Todd. Now, friend Ray Hudson would be proud to hear that. In fact, that old toad, oh, I should have mentioned this to Hank this one, that old toad, Sarny. He wrote a column yesterday about the greatest stuff he ever covered was the Florida strikers. The Florida strikers, okay? The Marlins of one, two world series, the dolphins had back to back Super Bowl victories, included the undefeated season. And the most, the most stimulating worthwhile thing he's covered was the freaking Florida strikers, uh, strikers, psychor, uh, soccer crab. You ready for that? No? He is such a toad. Oh, here we go. Not one woman on the pole. Okay, and a corner covalence, get around there right away. And Chris Everett, okay? It'll be a cissy, both for Chrisie. You got those Josh and a cornerhoidian and Chris Everett. Yeah, there should be some women, uh, all right. We do a lot of great women athletes. You could pull what you name Martina on here for the die case element. Good way. And what we already got, uh, and a cornerhoidian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. I wonder if Pavel Burrie got a vote. I bet she doesn't have one. Does he think he had a vote? I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm always got a pair. Pavel Burrie's got a pair. Can you believe that? I bet I said under. And we got, we got, we got this one. Ray, what do you have? A pair. Yeah, it's under Burrie. It is. Trust me. Okay. Well, you sure know your, uh, Pavel Burrie's got a huge pair. Ha ha ha ha. And Randy Molder, if anybody knows that, hangs out in the locker room. Randy, we're all ready to your Randy. He's the guy who knows this. He's a meal Roger. This is 5, 60, 2, 8, 7, and Neil Roger. Oh, yeah. Oh, come from top, protect us. We have the guitar on my knee. While they died in the lazy and I raised passionately, no pain. Oh, uh, Dana, don't put the blame on me. Has it come from my vacation for a photo of her tuna team? It's weighing your partner around and round. Now, Bill goes swimming through the war with the rest of the rat. Here we go. Sing a little month out there. So don't. Oh, uh, Dana, I can go speed. Okay. To the first of the easy end of the event is for a car wrecking. I think it was a gift. You didn't do a bad job. We're doing a pants before you will. Now, this is some of the most ridiculous news I have ever heard. The ultimate, the dumbing down of America, if you like him as benefior, you'll love him as Benador. It says her in Washington Post. Yeah, I guess it's being touted is the next senator from Virginia. Let me give you one clue. Do fairy. Okay. Does that narrower down? Well, Ben, that's the hot new idea being tossed around by Virginia Democrats, where desperately searching for a big name that challenged the re-lustion bid of rising to GOP star, Senator George Allen next year, now that outgoing governor Mark Warner is ducked out, why who should it happen to be pondering a move to Thomas Jefferson County, but a certain square jawed medium maggot with a taste for liberal politics and millions than Affleck, the star of Jimmy in the J. L. T. Romance and all sorts of herbal movies happily settled with any of the star Jennifer Garner. Anybody buy that? No. I think maybe he was settled with Earl Stanley Garner. You were talking about the first child. Do you see that they're expecting their first child? Does that prove it to you? Okay, whatever. Have been shopping for real estate around Charlottesville. British tablets claim it's a done deal. And let's see, the Washington Post is will only go so far as to report that they checked out at least one country estate a few weeks ago. It was about that time that party officials started batting Affleck's name around. It's spread pretty widely, at least in the political underground, University of Professor of Virginia Professor Larry Savato, kind of a name is Andrew Larry Saturday. Sure, what a Virginia spirit punted told Michael is sure the post Richmond correspondent. That would be like Dwight Loderdale, like Placidodamingo. Right. Another name on a wish list, Blockbuster Legal Solar writer John Grisham, but the central Virginia Farmhouse owner who gave generously Democrats to the stimulus to be legislature has brushed off past the overtures and truth that Democrats are less concerned with beating Ellen and slowing him down. Both he and Warner are in the 2008 presidential race. How do you like that? Benifer. Benifer. But he's very down making babies. Oh yeah, we believe that. Hey Ben. You're fairies. Maybe he's making babies with town crews. They're working on it. The bigger issue besides his sexuality, whatever that might be. The fact that he has no talent. Yeah, and he's just a dollar boy. Yeah. I would suggest all of these things. We got how many votes have we got 980 something now? 885. Well, we're certainly going to go past 900 days, which is good because you know, a lot of people aren't going to vote because it's sports and they're just not going to say, well, we don't like sports. They won't even make the effort to do that. Or maybe their favorite athlete is not here because you were you and our talking too much. Well, let's stop that. Well, okay. Well, let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and four o'clock. WDQA, I'm the famous line nine. Hello. Yeah. I'll talk to the corner about a see if Neil saw that. Think about Michael Brown. The congress. Do I see it? I see it. Yeah, man. See and run away from all those. Where he's at? It's everybody else's fault. Right. It's all the local politicians. He didn't have nothing to do with that. They have a string. His ass up is what they ought to do. It's gone. Amen. Nice call, Pally. In fact, we want to apologize to all the real scholar of the world because he's lower than that on the human food chain and the subhuman food chain old Brownie. Today's guy is down there making a $32,000 now. No one is in double pay a $32,000 an hour before the storm. So now is the time for the people to go back and make some of that money. So they can be a lay on how this back together. So they could be folded at rebuilding food. And what would you say that? Amen, brother. Okay. We didn't tell me what I said in the knowledge and what I think. Tell me to cue a M. Hello. See Neil, you forgot one for the poll. But we're trying to figure out about 500. What are you got? Bruce Lee, man. Bruce Lee, right. Bruce Lee, man. Wow, look at that. This guy's name is Mark DeBorac. I wonder if he's kind of a Rinect DeBorac. Rinect. Right attack. Right attack. You know, Chris Moore, I hate to break the news to you, Chris. But this is the guy that went on the year and said, I don't think Neil Rogers ever be on cue in almost eight years now. Sweet art. Pick an ass. How you doing, Chris? You invested. You silly person. See, I shouldn't know right off the bat when the books are came to me one time at a game and says to me, uh, oh, Chris Moore, I told him what a piece of crappy was. Oh, he, uh, you know, he's doing an NHL hockey. He used to do the New Jersey Devils. I said, so what does that prove? I said, there are a lot of horrible people doing play by play. What does that prove? I don't know. That's the most of your close personal friend Josh. I understand that you are like kind of like of falling in different directions. What does that mean? I don't know. You're having a falling out. There's that you and Roxy or you and, uh, let me ask you this since this is the last week of the Marlin season. Obviously, these are the last few games that you have a little hideous for several months. Uh, is Rich Walsh going to be coming back and doing the games on TV again next year. We can only pray the answer is no, we pray. Please, please come to your senses. No, he should become that. Why? I don't know. I mean, I haven't heard any. What do he should be coming back? Well, I have heard. Oh, I've faced on talent based on the fact that Jim Sarnis got his head up his ass. Based on the fact that very jackasses afraid to really ripen the as he deserves. He is unqualified. You know that he's pathetic. He is pathetic. He makes the event boring sound like Mel Allen like like a combination of Bob Prince Malale and Harry Kerry all rolled into one ritual. He sounds like a little like I've out of trouble. You're old kid with a microphone singing on basement somewhere with a old web court tape recorder pretending to be a very baseball broadcaster. He's awful. He is totally, in fact he's like them brownie of the South Florida. He's like Michael Brown. He is unqualified. Be a qualified. Or something. I know you got another week of hanging around with those guys. You just have to continue to keep in mind. What's the season's over there? You can ripen a nest. 5 6 7 0 5. Unless you really think he's doing a hell of a good job. I really don't know. I don't want to pull words in your mouth because I know you ripped Jimmy Siffle is real bad. Well, does that really exactly just like which walls. How many Q a and hello? Hello. Yes. I want for the poll. Okay. What is where me? Go ahead and say it. Just my homin. No. My homin. Oh, he's got 52 votes. But don't say it. How many Q a and hello? They know. Yes. I know that Joe's a cackie goes into foam boots and comes out as brother Mike Lance. Wow. Yeah. My my my my. I should kick that was quite a revelation. Okay. And thing for that one. Yeah. So many Q a yeah. I guess he doesn't need the glasses though. Q a and hello. Me or are you pretty good. Listen, I know it's a little late in the show but I was wanting if I could make a request. Yeah. You play that with Paul Harvey where he's selling the joke about the two guys in the farm. No problem. The widow. All right. The two guys in the farm with a widow. You know when he's talking about? Yes. The widow joke. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Jack decides to go skiing with his buddy Bob. They load up Jack station wagon and head north after driving a few hours. They get caught in a terrible blizzard. They pull into a nearby farmhouse and ask the attractive lady of the house if they can spend the night. Well, I'm recently widow. She explains that I'm afraid the neighbors would talk if I let you stay in the house. Not to worry Jack says we'll be happy to sleep in the barn. Well, nine months later, Jack gets a letter from the widows attorney. He calls this friend Bob and says, do you remember that good lookings with Oh, what the farm we stayed at? Well, yes, I do. Well, did you happen to get up in the middle of the night go into the house and make love to her? Yes, I have to admit I did. Well, did you happen to use my name instead of telling her your name? Bob's face turns red. And he says he has some afraid I did to which Jack says well, thanks a lot. Tell Jack says she just died of left me your farm. Paul Harvey. Good. Hey, this is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. Good. It's payment. Uh, it's out. No, it's not out. It's not good. Oh, yeah. Is this thing on it? Smack it. It's definitely done. We can. Oh, wait, wait, wait. See. Bought some boyking. I'll be a loole. I'll go grab the bus shit north the city of New Orleans. Yes, some of those people down there say he failed. Stuff's the people in the astrid don't like cattle. Wow, have financial. God was in Iraq. He's a funding for their levies. Looters called saying, and are keen. In a room where we made a bigger deal. In search for Natalie Hallaway. One white girl we trained away. I'm even as for help from the name he seems. I'm tired of it. George Bush was a case to name in Crawford. I guess that's here though. Be no Marty. Girls don't wild me. The city of New Orleans. Or the half-Joseph and their fellow Kudos Bar with us. My number 19 votes and I'd pull and our buddy Wayne. Remember Wayne from the Apache days of WIO D for us. Wayne wants to live in with George or Josh. What he's saying he came with me because he can't afford to get up here plus I don't want him. But he says, where about Barry Sanders for the full for Christ's sakes. And he's still looking for a place to hang out. Everybody wanted to move in with me and hang out for him. And here it is how many years later now. I might still have a border all these years later. I don't want you to take it personally Wayne because the answer was no then and was still being on our J.C. Who was at I.O.D. in O.C. and they said he wanted to move in with me. I wanted it. The answer would have been yes. But that's another story. Remember J.C. I wanted it. And what about J.P. What about it? But the hair. And then he was a hairy one. Oh that's okay. I don't really look at him. Yeah. Oh, he's gone. He's gone. Actually he called me left the message one time. He was sucking around. I forget that. I didn't return the call. He was often school somewhere. He'd relayed or someplace like that. Yeah. But Wayne is still around. That's interesting. Let's get very sad. He's on the right away for Wayne. And Josh has no problem. You can move with him with him in a new place. Now I'm good. No. What about George? I think you're part. Wayne needs a place to stay. Oh Wayne. How the special place for him. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Really? Ha ha ha. Right here. Oh, back to him. Here's why not again. Q.A.M. And you know, I got good song about weed man. How does that Okay. Okay. Send it into us. Dominic, you way. I'm hello. Put it in the container. Put it in the intercoastal and slow to down to us. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yeah. I want to. You're pole today. Okay. Let's go back to George Michael. George. I'm liking. He just liked that to learn what he means. Give it. He just died not that long ago. Oh, not too long ago. Yeah. I love your sharp body. Thanks a lot, pal. George Michael. What are you? I'm going to slow to what there was in the name of that team. I should ask him the old Minnesota emojis. The basketball player. He was a great bass George Michael. He was a great and we can probably also put Cliff Hagan and Bob headed on there and people like that. And then for people from Rochester we could but aren't he rising in Bobby Wanzer. I'm just kidding about those by the way. But George Michael belongs on there. Not the Minnesota timbre walls, but way way way back then when they originally had their first team. I was in the name of that. In fact, Google George Michael. And in the MRAK A and plays Josh. He's Googled it and see what it sees. What the name of that team was. I can't believe I can't remember that. I'm sure that's who it was. WQAM. Hello. Hey, get to the meal. Speaking. Meal. What's up, pal? How are you doing, pal? Good. I got two requests. Uh-huh. Can you play that one bit where the guy calls in about most care piece? Okay. And, can I call from the interview, Craig? Ah. I hit it four times there. Well, you can't say D-bag anymore, sir. We just had a joy, sir. Right. We can't say D-bag. It's in D-we can say it's in D-bag. Okay. We say that. And we can also say the doctor that performed the surgery on J.C. Listum. Didn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.P.? The doctor who performed the surgery. Let's take a bite. What's your thing? Why? Maybe the doctor? No. I don't know where you've enjoyed Call-o. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where you're going. I'm not sure where you went. Are you going to Holy Cross? I'm not sure. Well, bottom line is that doctors can't tell how long they're going to be at. No, you're not sure. Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere there. Wally a little over your Q.M. Yeah. When a guilty left that little smirk of going there, it's like, I think that was the beginning of the end for those two. That was when he started being on the outside of a whole deal. And anyway, five six seven. We're going to a few more names on here. It's said that we don't have. I'm every athlete who ever played on here. There's so many great ones. You know what we left off? But again, it's your favorite. How about Bob Poozy? Co-USY? Bob Poozy? Oh, he's a Celtic fan, huh? I mean, if we got, what's his name on here? Who else do we? What are the basketball beside Michael? You got Larry Bird on there? Larry Bird on there. If we got the abnoxious Larry Bird on there, and certainly Bob Poozy, who, by the way, cannot speak. Have you ever heard Bob Poozy talk? Yeah, it's not good. He does the collar on the shoulder. I mean, how speak to that? I mean, some people would call an accident or an affectation. I just say cannot speak. Bob Poozy, which makes him perfect, just like many martes to be on the way to you. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. They play like men, and they look like women. And shut the sack with all the same game. Hangin' out in travel town, so. Sixth and fifths, oh, where the sun will still win. In the jungle, the fire, my heart. Here we go. Memorize again. But never season, but still count on fame. You can't be challenging for how you let see him fill in both. If you grab it to me, it's a promise of I'm a strike off the West. Where the game is going, I'm a better high-end. Yeah. As a girl in the downfall and fire fire, all of their dreams in the wind. And I can't believe it. Wonder who will I put our left in our time. And I'll say, oh, there's a crumb that she'll be by. You survived. Okay, so I'm gonna say Minneapolis Lakers am I right? I didn't look at them. Yes. Yeah. The Lakers were before the night. I mean, I didn't play for the Lakers. I didn't know where Minneapolis Lakers before we were before anybody was born. Except me, I was born. But anyway, that's to deal with George Micah. When we asked today, who is your all-time favorite athlete? And I'm sure we can add like thousands more on here. Like all for crying out loud. Bobby Richardson and Gilmig do Gold and Tony Kubak and Joe Peppetone and Joe Collins and any Robinson and all the other Yankees. So that's just one team. And Darrell, Sittler and Frank Mahabalich and Baby Keon and George Armstrong. That's just one hockey team, right? Okay. But anyway. What is Pavel Burig on here? He's just, he's still got a small pair. What I heard. He's still got that team. He's here. That goes to, I don't care about all these other votes on there. But that has to tell you right there about some footage. It's just, it's so depressing. It just makes you weak. Another reason I'm just, I'm kissing the table here. I'm kissing the table here. I'm kissing the table here. I'm kissing the ground. I'm kissing the table too. Just the fact that I'm not there. Well, let's do it. You made a lot of money. You know something that's great. That's all well and good. People support of the show over the years. And thank you so much. And we hope you continue doing it. But I, I'm telling you right now, it went and down. Get that hell out. If you're fat, you're a sanity in your life. Right on. Get out. In fact, George is just counting the days until he wins the lot of were something. Something. To Boca Brian loans him about five minutes. So we can get that out of there. And of course, Josh, I mean, you know, he'll go over to Marlon's taken. Who is your all-time favorite athlete? Dan Marwina, 197. Nobody even close. In a league of his own, Danny Boy. He's 4139, almost 15% of the audience. Just see, even if I hated sports, which I don't, but if I did, I know there would have to be somebody that I would like or admire you. I'll think that. Right? Okay. No. Michael Jordan 58, Mickey Manel 57, Muhammad Ali 56, you see how close those three are the side by each. There are no is to know is Mickey is fall little behind though. They've released 33, Journey 25. All right. I think we have to get journey on every pull now. Will he make these 25? Bobby or 23. Best hockey player who ever lived. Shack 20. Swing. Wayne Gretzki 19, Larry Bourd 18, Lance Armstrong, from 16, Palea 13, Madball 13. All right. Robert Talklombetti 13, Magic Johnson 13, Tom Brady. Just moved into Danny's uniform number 13. OJ's got 12. How's that? Bob Greasy 11, Tiger Woods 11, Mirio Lemue 10. Jimmy Brown 8, Geogi Barra 8, Larry Zonka 7. He's still alive. He's hanging on, Jack Nicholson, Luke Geragon, waterpain and Dick Buckress 6 of piece. Dick Focus. Outcale and Greedless in his drone name with Jeff Gordon 5 of piece. Hulk Hogan 4 John Hogan don't have any. Johnny and I this Cal Rift in John L. Wayne Mark Spitz 10 with Jim Jackie Robinson Johnny Barra 4 piece. Three of piece for Laura L.T. Thurmond Munson, Joe to measure any bank's move pouch and Thorp Lilaw's Ato Billy Smith 2 of piece for Anne Cordoja, Gordie Howe, Gunporesley, Pump out Barry 2. What a joke. Jesse O'L and Sugar Ray Leonard, Mike Tyson and Barry bonds 2 of piece. And the rest of the story, Solamente Uno or Settle. Oh, the big, ah, for all these others. Well, some of them just went on their like Bob Coosie. Bob Coosie, he sounds like a younger, slightly younger, uh, don't I'm a, and slightly more coherent. Namaste just ever so slightly. That's very, very, very. That's very cool. Here at our good close personal buddy, the moment come on next. We got the mad dog at four. The Marlins. Anybody remember them? Six thirty pregame tonight. Bye bye.