One quick baseball no-fierre and mole both went hit with Sagan yesterday. Oh my god. The wall situation is one that they're going to have to make some decision on because they can't keep him in a line up within hitting weight. He's not. Time for Neil. Maybe he's got Steve Blasondrom. Yeah. I mean Steve Blasondrom. Yeah, no. But he woke up one day and he couldn't withdraw strokes in. Oh yeah. And my little had the same thing woke up one day and couldn't have long normal. There's like, uh, who was the second basements for the Dodgers who couldn't throw the ball the first these sacks? Oh yeah, that's right. That happens. Now what it was all about. What's this all about? The bottom of the first page of the Harold is the deep throat story. The bottom of the first page? Yeah. It's not even a lead story. Well, I'll airfried that it might be considered pornographic. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I've been talking about that all morning. Have you heard I've been talking about that all morning? What about Linda Lovelace? Deep throat. Oh. Last night on the NBCD news, they actually, well, we're doing the story. They showed clips from the movie. I mean, obviously not. Not sexual clips, but they showed. Yeah. We showed clips from, maybe the worst porn movie ever made. That deep throat? Yeah. That that's where the name came from. The movie came out simultaneously with the one that was right. That's exactly right. And so that's where they came up, but called him deep throat. Basically, he was just a snitch. And there's a kind of ironic that he was the number two man to gay Edgar Hoover. Yes. Yeah. I'm going to deep throat. What did I ask? You know, this is just an ongoing thing with me where I feel that the Harold and a lot of local media have no respect for the history of this area. And that Miami played a big part in that story. You know, the plumbers were right here. Absolutely. And the money that went to creep went through the bank and my night. And yet none of that in the story. And of course, Nixon's good buddy, BB Robozo was down there. Yep. You know, that story about the money that BB got from Howard Hughes. Right. And story. But that came out. Well, this crowd that's running the Harold now, first of all, they have no clue of what it's all about anyway. They're like interlopers. Yeah. And I do want to mention again, Jim DeFeedy may be the most grotesque excuse for a human being. He was not. I was in, I was in Rome, I guess. And I'm watching CNN and there was some some sort of photographic of what it was. And they interviewed Jim DeFeedy. And he's about the only person I can actually say it looks worse than the picture they put in the newspaper. They got that, like, it looks like a bouffotot and all swelled up. And on you, shaving and just I just couldn't imagine it. I've never seen anything like it. Well, he's a writer. He should have been on that old show with Big Wilson, creature feature, or whoever did that show. Was that Big Wilson or Dave Dixon? Remember, creature feature on Channel 6? Yeah. Nixon. Who do I say? Yeah, you Big Wilson had another show. Right, I'll move you. Yes. Oh, that's right. A little big. A little big? I love it. He's good God, Big Wilson boy. Can't live in a family. Look at all the, who can he's going to come and go? Yeah. Big Wilson. Nice man. He really was a great guy. Yep. And Marty, what was the guy from New York Statehouse? Marty Sussman. Yes. Did you know Marty? I did know Marty. Well, Marty and Big, it was a sponsor mine. I had dinner with him one night. Of course, Marty, he was the owner of the New York Statehouse. He was also a big fan guy and he both did now. Yeah. So we ought to start thinking about that. He was a big, nice guy. He's big and fat though, and he both did. Well, I'd say that was a place you could really pick out. New York Statehouse. I liked that place. Yeah, that was great. Yep. I do believe that when they moved to, I could be wrong. But I think that when they moved to the, I'm, I'm this game Boulevard, they used to be in the beach and then they moved to a risk game. Yep. And they had a big piano in there and I think Big used to like, think all on the piano. He did. Yeah. He also used to play the piano at the top drawer. Remember that place? Oh, yeah. Right up to street from the old station. And what was the play, Toby? The toast? That was another sponsor, my, Toby and mom were the ones all about. I, you know, Toby is still around. They, I saw him not too long ago. They used to have the drugstore in, in, in surf site. Yeah. And that was their main business. They also had the restaurant. And Toby was still operating that place and then the rent there became so high that they were forced out. And then I ran a Freddy from the studio just died here a few weeks a few months ago. The studio on Carl Gables. Yeah. All those are the sponsor also, the rate play rate restaurant. I was some of the best food ever in South Florida. I agree. See, I've had it when you really know you're getting old. Is when all the people that you've known, your friends and acquaintances when they're all dead. And that's why I, but everybody, you ever knew was dead? Somebody asked me earlier today. If I'm so critical, Harold, how come I read it every day? I said, because I have to look at the obits. Yeah. See, who's still around? It'll be only reason I get it. This goes with the job. I would never look at it again. Exactly. I was reading it. Yeah. Well, those few were occasions here, but you were in town. And I got the sun settled and the hero actually physically is opposed to reading it online. But there's nothing to read in it. And yesterday, I reported that County manager has been talking with hising us people about a way to keep the dolphins or the marons rather in that stadium. It involves a retractable roof. Harold says there's nothing to the story, but it was on channel 10 last night. It's in the sun sentinel today. Yeah. And but the hero is in total denial, because last week, Barry wrote that nobody has any interest on you. Well, they got a cover very zased. Yeah. Now, speaking of ass, the N.A. T.L. is here doing a good job, aren't they? They're having a meeting here again today and tomorrow. Every day they got meetings. We got meetings here and meetings. There are things that look and we be optimistic. This is the start this morning, but ESPN says, well, we don't think it's all optimistic. That's why you can take your 60 million dollars and stick it where the moon don't try and we're canceling the deal. And if we do carry any games, we're not going to give you a penny for it. We'll give you the same thing NBC's giving. And that's nothing. They want profits sharing. Is that the aesthetic or what? I mean, these people are such morons. So it watching people self-destruct. Well, it was a big loser for ESPN to begin with. And even here, even in the supposed hot bag of the hockey world, even here, nobody cares anymore. It's not even talking about it. I mean, it's not in the news, but nobody cares. Life goes on. Yeah, to me, that's the real indicator when then paces like Detroit and the cities and Canada that have franchises and Boston areas that were hotbeds. Yeah, they're just stuck up with it. They don't care anymore. And you know what, the other sports should take a lesson from it. Out of sight out of mind. Right, exactly. That's why we show up every day, although not any more than we have to. 13's a great number. By the way, Hank 13 was good enough for Dan. We know it's good enough for Matt Sundeen. 13 shows and counting. Not that I'm counting, right? Think like that. But that's starting today. Then I'm sure it's left until my next vacation and then some residual kid. Oh, the summer vacation is coming out. Yeah, some of the summer whole summer deal. Yeah. You're the man. Yeah. I saw Charles Barkley, US Knight at the heat game. I said, how you doing? He said, as little as I can. There you go. What I do exactly. And in other words, I think I heard that from another broadcaster. Do do do do do do do. Not him. Oh. Anyway, just take the jacks like you said. Let's take it right to the bank man. That's all. That's what it's all about. All the other getting whipped up into a frenzy. Just not worth it. No point. But you have a good day. And back to it. I had a monitor call out this morning. I had a little engineering problem. I called a friend of mine downstairs who's in the computer. That's what he is for living in all of one of his monitors. We hooked it all up. No engineering, no pain, no strain. I'm going to add that on the table. You should have seen the panic in this place. I looked into the, you know, into the other studio here. And, or, you know, the bullpen. And there's clients running around and to the off in a frenzy. And I didn't know what it was about. And I didn't ask. Okay. Just another day in paradise. Okay. I'll lose too much. And then I'll suffice to do. And so kind of like, you know, if I'm going to start for the moment. The end day isn't it? Tomorrow's a big trend, right? Okay. We've been at Kickson's serious ass. Obviously tomorrow will be 12 by the way. Not that I'm counting. I understand tomorrow's 12 on the count. See you tomorrow. YouTube. It's beep. Jerry is a new American. No. Boom. Boom. You can pack up and go home. Not enough redneck chat to tell about. He was just a constant jean weapon. But now. They needed a bunch of to act out. That's why they voted off on a doubt. And it's not my girl. I'll see you all again. Should be everywhere comes to the home. But we're the fourth by the head of our row. She's going to call up at your jail. Hello, seven. I'd find this view. Look at the screen of the devil. People use to think deep that was a criminal. That's Nick Jones. That's Mark Phil's grandson. Nick Jones. See, you know, the interesting thing about America today is that nobody's got the same black snake. If you notice that, right. Not just grandchildren. We're checking to understand that. But the, you know, any shorts, some of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Calabrio. What is that all about? I don't understand what's going on there. Well, a lot of people are beginning. I think they'll be cheering to good local times. It's in the works. And he has something to work. I think it's coming. Well, I didn't think of that. Didn't look at the B.D. Curtain. And we got to straighten out his area. A.O.A. I made it back. Oh, thank God for that. And I also didn't notice a lot of things on here that happened. I was on vacation. We got Alberto Jose, homini, homini, Zagan Zollazon, here along with John and Scrop. I'd be to Curtain to make sure everybody's getting checked out. And wait a minute. Where, what's that gritty picture? That's the bonus picture because we really had one of Charlotte. I told you about that. You were born on C. Shawna. Okay. Shawna or Shawna, she not there. There's a little thing that's got her name on it. A little mark with the shade there. A pretty nice there with kind of like one booby almost hanging out. Yeah, you can see it. That a big smile on her face. You can zoom in. There it is. And then, oh, I didn't see all these other things that we had on there. Right above the old boon in the box. So there's a whole bunch of stuff to keep you, post busy and keep you off the street. You discover Rotto's. We asked yesterday what's up Florida. Anthony was the biggest stiff. And unfortunately a lot of you folks just didn't get it. I think the word stiff was beyond your comprehension, beyond your grasp, if I can say that. They just don't get it. I mean, you were calling in wood like everything. I'm shy of Dan Moreno. You know what, what is wrong with these people? But, well, we already know the answer that. Don't we, I think it is. I have no life. Don't care about it. Not a sports nerd. Three hundred and seventy six of you said that. We just don't give a crap. No matter what you say, we don't care. Twenty three point three percent. Just refuse to care. Sammy Smith though one pretty handy. Hundred and sixty. What a pretty good contest going for. While he said. What's the Sammy Smith tumbler, because that's the cast in over one. Sammy Smith tumbler. No, it's not. Well, it is called that, but it's not a my DCS. Who's the good thing I got this monitor changed this. And I come in here this morning. And I'm thinking of myself of all the pieces of equipment that I can't afford to have. Break down. You know, I could have been in it. I could have that go down. You could like, thanks me. Like in the old days. Remember when you were a few steps in the taxes, the results of the poll. Talk it up again. Before I decided to go and spring for my own computer, because the Beesley people heard sheep skates. That's what we really said. That's scandalous. Most time on the stock exchange, multi-million dollar corporation. I have to buy my own equipment. Pretty embarrassing. Pretty cheap cheap cheap. Even the Dutch aren't that cheap. Sammy Smith won sixty eight. Cecil Collins won seventeen aged out of J. Fever, where once they're 16, I think it's a racial thing. Jimmy Johnson won a one. He didn't really belong under because it says, What's off for to athlete? When the hell was he ever in athlete? Never? No. Sandton, but nevertheless he got a lot of votes in the gift you folks happy. So this just enchants to lash out as somebody who pissed you off. You know, Jimmy, that we hate you. You know, we hope that you're, you're you're yots synced down there in the Keys. Harold 9 or 99, Lauren Phillips, A.B. It a real slime ball if there ever was one. And one thing about Lauren Phillips man, no matter where he went, he was consistent from Nebraska to the dolphins for about five minutes to San Francisco to the CFL and that or he went. He continued doing his thing, you know. Mortesities distraught 85. He was really big on the fan for about two minutes. Remember that? They brought in all the high pay, tellthage, and Barry rhymes with do-fair. And Mary and they had more testies distraught. And I bet you that this waxy 790 thing would tick it when the trend comes out tomorrow. I bet you they're going to do even better than the fan. Not by much for a little bit. Ray Lucas 72, Eric Cumaro 60. Seeing a lot of people decide me remember Eric Cumaro is going to line up for the dolphins as Joe's a gacky announced. Replicely. I would say that was like a back to 8990 round back in that day. Yentel Greene's got 54. Chris Wells 45, a real stiffer roomy. They traded away two barons into somebody else to get who for Chris Wells, Christina 45, couldn't play a lick. Crick up either well, 36 kept falling down all the time. And sparing guys, but other than that end the DUI's. Jamar Flutter 33, who your Felix 22, get the honey, who your. First we're kind of fun days, the early days of the marons. You know Charlie Huff and Junior Felix and more testies distraught her. Well you uh, I remember how many years ago would I have been. How many years we had a franchise? A 10. Um, yeah. Well, they're about. See, to be old enough to be paying attention to marlins then right? Yeah, what? Those were kind of fun days. Remember, I was there opening day, I believe it was a day of the second game, the second home game, Charlie Huff was pitching. No, that was the only that the old Michael baller was there. Man, he, uh, about 100 years old. Jamar Flutter 33, who your first 22, I said that, outlighter 21, hey, ow, you suck, baby. John Poza 18, Steve Entman 18, we forgot who he was. He was a dolphin. Oh, Roni cycle 15. It says here, Bobby needed our 14, Alicester 14, the heat man. He was no, I'll tell you that, but then again, who is? Jackie Ship 13, he's still waiting for his ship to come in. Bobby Humphrey's 10, Ramon Castro's six. S. A ticket in five, the old figure skater, Joseph L.1, and out of over 1600, he was the most Michael Wilson head on this. Ha ha ha ha ha, now one. Oh man, hockey in South Florida, it's like oil and vinegar. It's like putting Castro oil in your adu, shman. It's just, it's incredible to me. Ha ha ha ha ha, Blake Wilson head out of over 1600 mode. Oh, that's because they know who that is. That's pretty say, you know, this is nothing, but I'm just, it's really sad. 13 past 10 at five 60 WQM happy June, numero uno baby. It's really, oh, great, Blake. Here's something else that's incredible. Rich room filling sound from your iPod. That's correct. The power of the Bose sound back digital music system is what we've been talking about. It brings the music on your iPod. Life even charges your iPod while it's playing. See that says the Bose sound back system is the best sounding iPod accessory they've ever tested. That's because only proprietary Bose technology, let's you get the most from the music on your iPod. The Bose sound box system is friendly with iPod iPod many new iPod photo. It's like a parent's starlessly blends with your iPod almost any room they core. It's easy to use and it even comes with a remote that controls the sound box system and the basic functions of your iPod from all the way across the room. So let the room filling sound of the Bose sound dock digital music system deliver a brand new ascending iPod experience and insert iPod and then here for yourself what happens. If an experience to sound box system today at Apple, best by circuit city, sound advisor target or experience it at the Bose door at the office mall or just go online at Bose.com. What it comes is for us to be the story. What will you buy 60? I give you the real thing, you know. The same as the buy again. Right before red, right before red, it's on the planet. It's on the planet. Let's flush all the Bible pages down the old latrine. What do you say? That's the best idea I've ever seen. First of all, the latrine are just going to long queue up and stick them in there. Oh look at all that mess and floor to man. I'm so glad that I'm out there. It's sunshine in here. It's going to be 77 beautiful degrees and in south floor and all over the whole state is just covered with a big blob. Big blob and there's sand it's going to be a really active and bad hurricane season. How do you like that? Oh, it's going to be nasty. So batting down and hatches get your viscule and all your stuff and your roll-up shutters and roll down shutters. Kansas. Here's some good news from over there, yonder again today. We don't have any exciting news from Iraq. I don't think. But a suicide bombing inside a mosque in southern Afghanistan. During the funeral of a top Muslim care worker, at least 20 people, including the police chief of the country's capital. The blaster in today's funeral in Kandahar from Mula Abdul Faiaz, also wounded 42 people, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry. So they're just dying over their life crazy and we're saying, hey, don't worry about it because that Alzarkawi's got like a bad thumbnail or something like that. Right? He had a hang nail and it didn't grow to hear it. It was beautiful. He was growing here on his ass and we were assured that he's on the way out. But it was a tornado watch for South Florida, so a lot of it clocked this morning. I should mention that from our news wires at WDQAM. From our astute news department. Right, in that embarrassing, I have to get to South the Sun Center website. I'm wired. Yeah. A tornado watch is an effect to 11 o'clock this morning. As the hurricane season opened with a hot humid day that said a strong line of thunderstorms across South Florida pre-do on hours, get ready man. It's going to be raining like hell. It's going to be like the end of the world. It's going to be bad. I'm looking on that radar there and way down there by key west. There's this huge band of underrated dark reds and greens and purples and yellows. Ooh, nasty stuff. Anyway. The National Weather Service said the watch covers Broward Palm Beach County. Cod your glazed and hindery counties. That's named after you. Are you sure? It said heavy rain, hairless large as a half an inch and 70 mile hour gusts were possible to bring these thunderstorms, including the adjacent waters and lake Okachobee. This includes the cities of more haven, clueless didn't for waterdale, Naples and West Palm Beach. You ready for that? Matters ready? Yeah, it's the thrill. gust is high as 70 miles an hour and heal and all these things nasty. So it's a good part of these things. It's time not to be in soft Florida. I just mentioned passing in for the next several months. Let's see that June July August September October and then like early November they find it's the Okathic Roe K now. Maybe. We think. It's a long time. Unable to compromise like I said to the Humpur Molloni moments ago ESPN walked away from Pearl Hockey yesterday. They said bye bye. See you down the road or not. We envision next year coming and going without any NHL product. ESPN executive vice president Mark Shapiro said yesterday after that it worked decided not to exercise at 60 million dollar option by today's deadline. Without a leave or deal in place Shapiro said that it would only have had interest in the deal that didn't include any rights fees. Similar NBC's contract with the NHL on a such as scenario that network and the League would share advertising revenue. We're done negotiating Shapiro said that the end of the day Gary Benton was uncomfortable cutting the price of the rights fee for anything less than 60 million. We're not playing games here he said. Of course the NHL need to obey. They're also not playing games any. It's a sad state that we're here out there as you say money SPN and the NHL break up like that. I don't think anybody's going to step up to carry it. So how do you like them apples huh? I don't know what George is going to do all I was fall and winter long. No hockey again. Here's the poll today. I got inspired and I realized maybe it's very boring especially at all the young punch like John Charlotte all the young whippersnappers there because they don't have any idea what we're talking about but then that would be the same as any other day. But we know we did the poll once before but I think maybe combining them for tomorrow I think it would be good. And of course if I say it now we're going to get all kinds of suggestions here out today which I don't want. All right but I would do them care because it's the number 13 is lucky. It's a lucky number today. Reministing about favorite business. Favorite business that no longer exists like get could be like an apartment store like Jeffersons or a restaurant like New York Statehouse or studio. The famous huh? Okay that's fun. Have you certainly been around long enough to remember all these in how about the villa Deli right that we found out yesterday close six years ago and we just forgot about it. I'll decide that amount. Well an Eric yesterday being an ice guy that he is on very rare occasion. He emailed me the recipe for making grivinists. All righty then and you're right there it's like chicken skin and chicken fat and onions and all fried up together with salt and pepper all these things. And I said hey thanks a lot Eric but I really you know it's like like they call Fettuccine Alfredo a heart attack on a play for this is heart attack in a frying pan. I mean just forget about it. Just inject it right into your heart. Oh yeah. But it is good it's really tasty and they'll give you that oil clogged my arteries of feeling real quick. Test you the net banana ice cream that you folks can't find and hugged us. Do you know what's the biggest rip off today that's our poll today? You know I might actually change the poll can we do that or is that Erica do that? Oh I mean the Eric will do it ultimately but he's on you know board he's on board today. He's on with a because I'm so whipped up about this other thing. So what got that started the little deli? No no thank you that we're talking about it moved into the toast but there was something before that. Oh is there a big Wilson and near a sake house and Marty Sussman that's what it was. What was that Danish place that was like on 79th and this game right near where we used to work the um Danish buffet and then they moved over the beach and then they disappeared. What was the name of that place? Don't you ever got to eat there I hear was really fabulous just sensational Danish buffet. I think I want to like Schmitt can this poll today it was one of Sean's I apologize Sean I thought we don't like it and I don't know what do you think. I think this is a good poll why we. Yeah but I'm so whipped up about this other one man. You'll still be whipped up tomorrow. Yeah you're right. What's the biggest rip off today 285 votes already and I didn't put it on it like quarter 110 because we had all these other technical issues to deal with this morning. So we're doing okay with this gas prices 54 medical insurance 48 for scripting drug prices 44. Stadium concessions client car insurance 16 hospital treatment 14 and college tuition got in the eye. Yeah it's pretty good for you right. Let's leave it. But also let's start taking it toward. Right. Toard tomorrow you know. See look at those phones just going crazy. Here's what I got for tomorrow so far myself. Favorite software to business that no longer. Oh I got one also. What was the. Before it became billboards. And it was mervens before that and what was it always during March okay. Didn't you love your March? I like to just find I was a child or so I didn't and and. Well I'm your guys with O.C. movie to be careful. I was a little bit of a lot of much. No it's not great store. Yeah. Yeah. If it's in business it's great. Right. If ever was in business we still like it because of my comeback. Tell me to Q.A.M. Hello. Hi there. Yes man. The restaurant is the print hamlet on this table. That's still one. That was the one awesome awesome food. You know what was across the street that I also never got the e-deckas was before my time was juniors. Yeah. Juniors restaurant. Juniors are really right. Yeah. Mr. Friend's Hamlet. Great food. But one of the chefs who owned the print hamlet has opened a place down south and it's called Two Chefs. And of course it's not nearly the you know the type of restaurant but good food never the less. Right. Anyway. Can't go back. It's never going to be the same you know. We can't ever go back. Love you meal. Thanks a lot. Bye. I'm with cheese right. She's absolutely correct. We put that on your head for tomorrow. Yeah. I don't think we've ever done this before. We're doing two polls. What it's on there. And then we'll let kind of also build this one to it and stick it on there tomorrow. We'll stick it. What do you say? Right. So you give your click a little heads up on this whole deal. 26 after 10 at 5. 16. WQM. You're technically astonishing station. It really isn't crabble. I'm sitting here like everything is working now. A couple of hours ago was like thinking no, boy. And of course you got that situation with that fat machine. And that phone line which I'm sure they haven't fixed it. I haven't heard anything about it. So I'm going to fix your head up so that ball spark goes away. Chuck Alfie, Eric, can you do it for you? And Neil Rogers. So I know how well do you know Mr. Jackson. I know Michael pretty well. Could you be more specific Mr. Leno with kind of relationship? I would say it's more of a just a regular friendship. And I wouldn't throw on my pajamas and spend a night with them. I'm not a single. Okay. Which reminds me Michael, you wait again today. No, I was. Okay. Well I started walking in the court trying to figure it going through menopause. Is something you know? I didn't know Mr. Leno. I'm not. Michael, let me ask you something. He's still wearing that personal education in the court. Yeah, he's here at that time. Is that the same thing that makes us young boys pants disappear? I'm just kidding Michael. I love you. I said, look. Like, that is the so-called. Can you also have the payroll with neverland? Yes. I guess was a sign of hands and a pocket of a 12 year old. I thought you were looking for lunch money. You know? Mr. Leno, you were out of order in this court. Come on, give me a break. You're not giving Michael any breaks. Michael, everybody knows why you have a bad back. Well, they're also bending down and asking what your name is. The world is staying from those who are not. I just found some fun with my friend Michael here. 1032, 2824, 1125. Let's see what we got on the on-tapped today. What do we got on-tapped? Heinrichen? Heinrichen. Mohal Havidine. Do it for the 4th. Do it for the 6th. The 6th. The 7th. It looks like the Mila Hinstin. We play only hopefully for the Marlon's sake a better result. Go tell me they lost to a girls team again yesterday. Did they? Yeah, they did. I'll be damned. That's what I thought I saw. The Mad Dog 4 to 6th. The Mad Dog 4 to 6th. The Mad Dog 4 to 6th. The Mad Dog 4 to 6th. The Mad Dog 6 to 6. The Mad Dog 4 to 6. The Mad Dog 4 to 6. The Mad Dog 4 to 6. The Mad Dog 4 to 6. The Mad Dog 4 to 6. The Mad Dog 5 to 6. What ever does. Wanaway Bryant to 4. Over 13,250 bucks for search. And they have to pay more and they have to do prison time on top of these things. How do you like that? All right! Ha ha ha ha! Wanaway Bryant Jennifer Willbase. Love you. Has it really a 13 grand of the city of Duluth, the Ojuda. They'll pay the good. There is something wrong with the South okay? It's all those years of converting. I'm town, man. All these mugwumps. These mudwumps, all these BDI'd weird, strange peep holes. Anyway, she's agreed to give 13 grand to help pay for the cost they city incurred searching for her, the mayor said Tuesday, while she was an Alpha-Curkey and that blue van with a guy's with a short hair. The city attorney notified Mayor Surely the last sitter, a-a-lacitor. What do I ever have at all blah-bo? You know, maybe somebody knows. All right, I'd have written a agreement for compensation has been reached. The city expected to relieve a check from Wilbanks on Tuesday, last sitter said, me this next Tuesday. And accepting the agreement, the city will have to write off about 30 grand. But 30, man. In other costs searching for the bride to be who just appeared April 26, four days before her plan wedding, which she seems to be making a habit of this. We're very appreciative that maybe she's just afraid of that thing, you know? What the-oh, that thing. I can't say the word, but she's afraid of that me. I get it. Maybe that she's terrified of that. You don't want to see it, she don't want to like, oh, anywhere near her. We're not very appreciative that we wouldn't give us the 13 grand. We certainly would have welcomed the entire month. It's covered all of our employees, but ready to get this behind this last sitter said. So to speak. She could get up to six years behind bars and $11,000 in fines if convicted. She could also be able to be in burst of 30s, though several state and county agencies have said they will not ask her to be in burst and for search costs. So I think that's a bunch of the lonely. Why they let them off the hook? Is it for all time's sake? Oh, because you know she's a chick. Because she's crazy. Yeah. Because she's crazy then a bed bud. I'll be damned. Speaking of what I was talking yesterday about America's habit of, everybody like, everybody all up because it's a country of sex with guns and with shooting people and like just going each spot. I like that little four-year-old kid that got killed. I mean, see, it's just a news story to most people because they don't know the family they know of the kid. It's just another anonymous dead person, you know? But it just reaches the point where it starts getting a little bit aggravating in it. There, whatever. Where people are going to have a chance to live any kind of a life at all because somebody's, well, I first of all dressed them up in a camouflage gear. He's really good idea. Put on some camouflage pants over your Zubin pants and then wander around kind of like behind the target. And then let's see if somebody tells you, I guess you're a baby strollers. I think is a good idea. That would be good. I think everybody ought to walk around and dress up in camouflage now. Because especially with July the fourth coming. Oh, you know what happens? All you people in Hialia, camouflage outfits for the fourth of July sounds good. Where every day is targeted practice. Well, I've got to story you won't believe speaking of that about Preston Han. You were out of the room. Oh, I heard you see this this morning. The up there. Good close buddy, Preston. In this hand. Yeah, a few old big time. Well, we'll get to that. But first, Simi Valley, California. Why does somebody crazy people in California? I don't know. I mean, we got just lucky. Inwards in Georgia and North Carolina and Florida, we already agreed on that in some in Louisiana. But the crazy people seem to like congregate in California. I guess something about it. Three people were killed in five herdiners series of shootings, pistol weapons and car jackings that ended Tuesday when the suspect killed himself on the shot to the head inside a Walmart authority said, well, guess what? That's not on the list. So we can still rip them in ass. Walmart. In fact, I think anybody that shops there ought to be. Regretful. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. They've been sure a county sheriff to provide the government is Toby Welchell, 38, whose last known address was in Indiana. And how much if they would have checked his record, they'd find out that Indiana wants me. Want him? Our dean Taylor. I like that song a lot. It's corny, but I still like that song. And the Indiana wants me. Or something? Yeah, that's all right. That's not corny, but so is the flying saucer by the cannon goodman. The violence began Monday when three people were shot in the front yard of a home in thousand Oaks, California, a one identified as Jan Hein 51 was pronounced dead at the scene and Steve Mason, a 52 year old attorney, daughter of hospital. Timothy Hayne, a Hein, whatever his name is, a rock music manager, is in critical condition. He was saying, last thing he said was, I'm dying out of the hair. Authorities said, well, tell him a business relationship with one of the victims, but they didn't elaborate. A third fatality, 48 year old woman was killed to his daughter, having a separate incident of court police, two of her children were wrongly injured. After a thing that first house Monday, well-challeled ban in the truck and seized another one of gunpoint, Paul he said, that truck was found to the morning shortly before police received a disturbance call from no money nearby home where well-challeled apparently tried to steal another vehicle. Sheriff's deputy Scott Romirez, who is no relation to many Romirez, arrived on think arrived to find well-challeled firing at the woman's husband. The deputy was struck once or twice in left shoulder area. Sheriff Bob Brooks said, Romirez, dirty. Bob, dirty man. He hospitalized, but expected to recover. The woman possibly shot and two of her children were pistol with Brooks said. The woman identified as Carol Nordela, died from her injuries at the hospital. This just goes on a 10 year old boy and 14 year old girl were treated for head wounds, a full maintenance man, who was beaten for his car, also received hospital treatment. The suspect was chased down by a police to the Walmart store in Simi Valley, about 35 miles northwest of downtown L.A. Now, while he stopped at Walmart, he had a criminal record at Cholera in Florida, Indiana wanted him and California to then be resisting arrest and battery and a police officer and now he's dead. See, first he stopped into Walmart and now, see what happens when you make a bad mistake like that. It's right, it's right. Got a great story about our great-closed personal friend, Preston Han from the Swap Shop, who of course is really tight buddies with your favorite nuk Navadro. And we are more than one occasion that appearances at the Swap Shop years ago back in those old salad days. Remember those salad days? Sure, do. Of course it was kind of a small salad, but they're like blue cheese, rancid, blue cheese, dressing on it, there's really IOD days. They had their moments, let's get said yesterday, much better food. Who wouldn't I had a, I guarantee a one thing. We wouldn't have to go on here and beg for weeks and weeks to find a good job and make some food and then to top it off from one of our expansions like we did on Friday. We had a gun and just like that, prontent. Hear me snap my fingers at my fingers, I'm snapping the video, I don't feel too snapping. But we had a like, pronto, right? Right. We had that food, food thing down pat. But then again, when you look at the, I mean, right now, the neighborhood, look at the hood. Yeah, it's just sub-center over there, when you got the bread and tonies up the street. We don't have like a great selection of fine cuisine in the area if you catch my dip. Oh, you got the kernel there right across the street. Sure. And we do like the kernel a lot. We like everybody. If you're in business man, we love you. We love you. Especially like how we, especially like how we, especially like how we sit at the, because I can hear they brought more food, I can hear it rattling around in the bag in the sack, El Sacco, or maybe it's in a tube. Wouldn't that be great if they just, if we just had like a, like they do with the bag, you know how you put your money in that, plastic tube, stick in the thing. There you go. Go to the grass tube. That would be great if we just had a whole bunch of those tubes. And, you know, you just pressed the button on what they, how is with send the food to the tube, and times of BLT right in one of those. Right. That would be great. Maybe one over the way the Arnold's there. Mm-hmm. Stick a few Neely burgers in that long tube. And Trevor Lamar and on over. A great idea. I think I'm losing my mind. I'm on a swimway there. 1041, 19 before 11 and 560WQ weigh in here. You got out of the UK. Where the bag is. You're perfect. Hey. I'm just on my dial-up. You can save your people by betraying with me to the shoot too. I like my mental. I do. I should take my chair. You will be blessed to be surprised. Well, I guess. We have to take off that helmet. Okay. Hey there. A little darling. Let's pretend you're from the planet in Ternia. And I'm the evil warlord. What do you say? You probably get my last day for the parade. I got some force you didn't know do you knew? It's a 1047. It's 15th before 11 and 560. 200 votes on the pole. Nobody wants to talk about it. Yeah. You are eating man. It's disgusting. What's the biggest report today? I knew you were eating. It's like positive. It's like the day. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Between his among these guy and the food in his mouth, he probably really sounds good. Well, today's scared me because nothing's working over here on this. Like the fact, machine. Oh, you don't have to send the facts. You just tell me what they are. If any come in. We put them on the pole already. Oh, you did? Credit card companies. Even though we love them all now. I don't see it on my pole. Here, I don't see no credit card companies. What are they? And maybe you think you put it on a pole, Mr. But I don't see it on my pole. You must be afraid. What do I refresh now? I just refreshed it. And in a mile. Let's refreshing in his mouth. Pain to see. Revenge of the Sith. Oh, there it is. Pain to see. Revenge of the Sith. Oh. Pyramid schemes. Anyway. I'll see 166 votes. Gas prices 81. Prescription drug prices 72. Medical insurance 72. Stadium Conceptions 28. See the big drop off there. A hospital treatment 20. Current insurance 20. College tuition 13. And we just put on pyramid schemes. Pain to see the revenge of the Schmidt and the credit card companies. What we got on there. So anyway, speaking of our president and his hand. Yeah, we did a few remotes. We did a couple of shows there. I think Nick and Barra was behind it. Because Nick of course hates me like poison. I mean, absolute poison. And as a result, because he's best buddies with a press and hand who owns the Swamp shop back in the IOD day. So they had me do a shows there. We actually did the program there on the stage. And they were doing the elephant stuff right in front of us. Now, I'm going to tell you, even though they have all like elephant litter put down. There's not what that would call it. Okay. Maybe litter must be elephant litter. Oh, me. Oh, me. Holy cow, holy moly, get the canoly. And get me out of here. The stench, the aroma. And I have to sit there for hours sniffing the dropping from a hairy elephant. But anyway, we don't want to think back to that doing. And they also used to put those bright lights on. He said, by about 10 30, I'd be so like a kid. Yeah. I think that was just a way of punishing me. And yeah, during the breaks, Nick would come. Hey, how you doing, Neil? You miserable white hair piece of tear. You're worse than what's Michael Jackson's lawyer. The one with the white hair. Oh, geez, Cartoon. Whatever's name. I want you to know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Be very nervous about guys with white hair. Swapshop owner Preston and criticized the BS. Oh, yesterday is saying a recent conference. And is that ironic since the first body is the former sheriff of the former. The new guy apparently doesn't like it. Can Jenny, the possum. Preston and criticize the BS. So yesterday is saying a recent confrontation would not have gotten out of hand. If not for over-sellers and incompetent deputies, where's Nick Navarro when we need him? Huh? Hands 74 is back in charge of the Swapshop after spending more than a week under Seki AtraCare since he clashed with deputies on May 20th. Deputies used to taze her on him outside his Swapshop office. Then brought him to a hospital under the Baker Act, which allowed him to be tamed up to 72 hours. He stayed beyond that, leaving him pure of political center on Sunday. They had a Baker Act him. Wow. We're saying. Can you be hired art deputies? And believe they acted appropriately. Said Sheriff Spokesman Jim Layodal, according to that, adding that the deputy who fired the taser is trained in dealing with people who are disturbed. The sheriff's office and the state's attorney's office have yet to decide whether to charge him for his actions on May 20th. Hand disputed some key elements of the official account of the incident, which led him to spending a week and a half under Seki AtraCare valuation. And he says, surveillance video proves his point. Thank God, I have surveillance equipment at the Swapshop. He said, if I was a poor average citizen, the S.O. would accuse me of attacking a T.5B in jail right now. The video shows him arriving at his office in a golf cart after getting away from deputies would handcuff him in its earlier. He goes into his office with three deputies in pursuit. A few minutes later, hand-to-seeing coming out of his office, brushing a woman's sign, coming towards Chief George Jarbo of the BSO. George Jarbo of the BSO. Deputy Christopher Labbar Barbarra has seen behind hand with a taser. I think everybody ought to have a taser. Don't you think this kid is good if your kids get like out of control at the supermarket? Is that them? Did you see that video? Did the boy in beat woman get in taser? Right. That was crazy. What happens next is the subject of discipline between hand and the BSO. Hence, any comedy will have to be seen in the back of the taser and fell into Jarbo. Later, it also had him charging out of his office and that the taser wasn't far too long to hit the chief. Because the surveillance video was a series of still photos, it's not exactly when the taser was fired. It did it. Actually, it was stunned. He struggled with deputies to let him to a patrol car and then kicked out of rear passenger window. Oh, man. What's going on here? I had no knowledge of what I was doing for 45 minutes. He said, the day-blending is behavior on his shock after being hit in the back with 50,000 volts. He complained that the taser should not be used on the 74-year-old man. He also complained that the deputy aimed to gun it his wife, which apparent is a period on the video. And while hand admitted that the taser could not explain his actions earlier on May 20, he said he didn't do not wrong. Today began with him trying to evict the vendor who he said was laid on his rent. The vendor, Joel, live of it, complained that hand was evicting without cause and that hand had shoved him to the ground. According to a deputies, event report to witnesses verified love of itch as a count or that lavavitch. But to a deputies who were working off duty security details were being paid by handed not arrest as drop shop owner instead, he ordered them office drop shop, perfect according to report. That's not unusual, said lay it all, referring to the decision not to arrest the deputy. Live of itch to find the comment on May 20, incident except the say that he was up to date with his rent payments, live of itch again called for deputies on Monday complaining that hand had renewed his eviction effort. And also said he was just to find getting away from the deputies in his golf cart. After his handcuffs were removed later on May 20, he said the cuffs left his arm as bruised and showed the bruises during interview two days stating, they haven't gone away. Oive, they haven't gone away and what's going on with my good post personal friend, Preston Han, huh? The only molly people get old, you know they lose their mind. No, no, no, no, no, no. See, don't say that! See, I'm sorry you said that. You're making judgments now, you're passing judgment. How do you like the gettaiser with 50,000 volts? You like start acting little. I don't know the black facts. I don't know the white facts. They have to make a rack, you're asked. Oh, you don't have to take the made. I mean, it's a make a rack business day, if we're really going to do that we have plenty of people like you. Who should have been bakeractive long time ago. Let's get busy. Yeah, I mean get cereal. Oh, don't forget the trend comes out tomorrow We got more numbers to play with tomorrow. Oh, we got a two five and a seven eight They have more numbers. We got a trend If you haven't noticed I'm getting really tired of that crap. See the movie stale. The only number I have in my mind is 13 Somebody Q a M hello I guess I'm gonna say after I make a pulse gesture. Okay? The Q a M celebrity auction Yes, the plate can rip off and okay Oh, I don't want to say that's it all my life That was great good call, Tally. Excellent. Let's go. The Q a M online auction. That's the next one The choice. I'm sure you got a vote. What did you Q a M? Hello? Yes, sir. I've been kind to listen to you on my computer Yeah, but when I click here to listen live I get a little window open to file down load Yeah, right and it said you want to open or save this file. Open it save it. Oh It's okay to do it because it just started up here and I used to just go directly there And it would be okay because we're not streaming the archives anymore They're on MP3 format so that you can put it on your MP3 program MP2 player listen to what you're out there You know robbing a gas there at your leisure you can take it with you and It's called podcast. Why you're out there doing hold-ups instead of 11. All right. I'll do that Okay, thanks a lot pal. I don't problem We're here to happy man. We're here to fix stuff for you. I like that my nice the crappy old monitor here It's a day tech. Ooh, I've seen those lost another loan today. Day tech. I have seen day tech Yeah, it's a real piece of crap. It's very old And also the the the screen is like round-ish like the old ones member. Oh, yeah, yeah, really as opposed I mean So off the quest that I had the one that was working there that burned out was more of a flat screen This one is roundy so it looks like a little on the screen side, you know, it's hard echo Is that what it is? So I'm gonna go out there tonight after I in fact that's my golden I got a win-and-off money to go on by me a new nice monitor. I'm not gonna charge the company for that because they're having tough times You know Are they well, I don't know if they are not for they sure it's all like for me to pay for my own equipment So I'm used to it just like these all the way did you reimburse from identity decks although I didn't install them myself Nice go a Neo huh? Why children vision any of our other fine broadcasters on this video station installing equipment in a studio Huh stuff and think about that mr. hot shots That's mr. hot shot to you right? Right? Somebody to go on give me a nice monitor any suggestion. Well, Josh will think about it Yeah, it doesn't really make a difference that really really just get one those nice new of flat ones Yeah, that's a nice big ones 1057 a QAM This is a blame Any questions coming up tonight on inside the behind the true home. It would still ever use a biography profile story They weren't second done and they didn't wear first You have they when the psychedelic furs what the hell were they trying to pull You just a couple of words, but to get up like it at first we weren't really staying anything really Yeah, well, no, it was a whole problem of the damn stupid eighties wasn't it a bunch of meaning was crap Leave over a bunch of crappy drum machines and lame ass synthesizers I wouldn't give the have one jerk from every crappy eighties band lineup right now So I could beat the crap out of every single one of them Oh my god human league and touch a go-go And you guys I can Oh Over there a spanned out the lay and the random those jagosity did I at the tiger bring him on Excuse me, who are you? On the bottom psychedelic furs isn't this my segment? Oh, yes, you have so you right Choosing something what look at show business tonight on inside of a line Don't you It's 1102 or five 60 WCM happy first of who knew? Maybe it's the first of June and you forgot to remind me when I was talking with the hump for this morning Oh, yeah, don't forget what was it used for to remind me of I don't know had something to do with sports or racing or horses Gary Cohen oh yeah, I said you should know because he had a sister Mary Mary Cohen Yeah, brother Marty and body Cohen right 560 0560 this pull for tomorrow is just I just love man and it's called is that call living in the past? I don't know It's fun to reminisce about stuff that was it when it was good, you know Yeah, right? No, it's it's fun And then but it does it's kind of depressing though because you think boy look at all these great prices and now look what we got you know pop at jekyll look All we got now Speaking of depressing since we still don't have the past machine. Yes looks as Neil Thank you for that link of George Galloway's testimony the best that guy's got real balls love you. Luke. Okay Future life Luke we have no life we like you a lot Luke, but cut the crap Gary Cohen go let me forget he was a jockey and then he became a jockey agent and There's a jockey David torn California. I don't know what that was all about why did I want no that? I don't know because it's something Hank will know okay. He knows these things right? He knows stuff There's stuff that he knows that nobody else knows believe me. He can't tell us but nevertheless Somebody who I am hello Do I am oh Okay, pal. What you got I got three things for you there first off. I'm the car you guys I don't know if it's my cell phone Or for you guys I call three times and I got some guy Octavia we even made to leave a message So the other thing is it The old over a team now next part is new boyfriend yeah Do you remember doing it's rush on Now my calendar area. What was it? 20 is a child Warrior oh, Doria never heard of it Never heard that all that great a typhoon and the last thing you Yesterday on your phone I missed it nobody should get it for trouble. I mean did that Jennifer Camp Rihadi was a stiff Well, you're beginning your membership that we have with the drugs and all that I mean it was a personal thing which he was a fine player. May you just don't get it give you guys I have no life. He stiff doesn't mean personal it means in terms of their performance It's like we're getting like two calls Jose can suck all you what is wrong with you people The question is whatever they want it to be. Oh, I see after I got about that. Whatever they interpreted to be She was one fine little tennis player there Jennifer care about it. I mean she also smoked Good bomb die W2AM hello I heard it had a long show Yes, sir That was a say high-appellie Now is it that wasn't even close W2AM hello Maybe we could hope pressed it up with Ron Yeah, let's hook talk about needing to be becored. Wow. Is there any doubt about it? No There be a little knock on the door at about an hour while okay just go quietly W2AM hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir a David Cohen sucks Tyler Bayes Scott time or basis the man man Okay, there's a racing guy he knows is a racing crap. He ain't no happier crustal on over You just like hobby air cost a lot of friends. I think he killed that screw Is it good jogging he had no cash ask me some Anyway five six seven here's the whole thing patpy cannon says tell was a trader oh yeah You know Patpy can I guess is we've already back to his origin. You know you can take the you can take the Nazi out of the Campy you can't take the Nazi out of the Nazi so it's more important to be loyal to your boss than to America Right people who actually pay your salary the people who use war notes to protect the interests of I find this story most amusing because earlier in the day Would we're in Bernstein we're saying oh well we're gonna continue honoring his request I mean the guy says I guess what it's me I'm at oh my hand up in here and my family says I may hero and how to tell everybody and he did the interview with vanity fair And then finally the Washington Post confirmed a W mark stealth a number two official at the FBI was deep throat The secret of source who provided information and helped unravel a watergate scandal in the early 70s and Contributed the resignation of the anxious Richard and Millhouse Nixon The confirmation came from Bobberton Carl Bernstein to Washington Post referred as the brok the watergate Surrey and their former top editor Benjamin C. Bradley who has played in the movie by Jason Robards You saw that all the president's been long time ago with Dustin hoppin Robert Reddland Jason Robards, you know Jason Robards was so great And it's just I keep thinking about Magnolia. It's sad that you don't like it as much as you should like it And the fact that a matter is that he was dying During the filming of the movie a lot of that going on Yeah, and so like he said there were the tubeless Who is it he was great in there he was in front of a big huh and then shortly after they finished the movie He died, you know He was a great actor. He was also in a boy in his dog Yes, he was with Don Johnson back when Don Johnson was We liked him are also back when It was very much like a prisoner. I always think of the prisoner and the boy in his dog is So kind of sci-fi issue same right in at this here. Yeah The man of these first stories said Feldhead admitted is a historic anonymous role followed one years of Denial he was on denial with the opantras and now he's on TV all over the place with his fine looking grandson What's his name is grandson Elmer's dog grass? What is that? I don't know He sure looks awful good to me but then again so did Linda trips on then he got ugly You know Yeah, that has a leg of happening to people 5 670 5 65 560 they've horizon and singular while I think my mind is just a little bit off Somebody please come and make your act me, okay? Give me with the taser Like that Because at the walking in this morning and seeing of all the of all the pieces of equipment I needed to be off that was the last one I need to be not working was that monitor on down ECS What's the ECS you probably went on? What did ECS is the thing good like Like that you know it's got like just zillions of like things like that Our audio story Right In a lot of your like Thanks God Don't carry it makes him as opposed to 360 that just goes you fair like that For short stuff yet the drop box like you a Maddie Bell short stuff Oh, speaking of that this is really sad this still out of no wonder to laugh or cry This is really bad villagers and India's andaman and Nicobar islands have refused to accept tsunami compensation that they say continues to be Paltry last month and inquiry was launched into payments as well as Two rupees less than five US cents for tsunami damage less than five cents Well, the legions are refusing compensation range between a hundred to 200 rupees Well, let's see 200 to be a hundred times. Let me five bucks. Yeah, don't spend it all in one place right thousands of islanders were killed as we know Many survivors were made homeless India central government promised millions of dollars in age of the andamins and the after the tsunami Cava spokesman said the government kept victims waiting for three months and then after all that time provided joke compensation What a joke huh? Yeah, I was in the ins man. What a sense of humor. Maybe that's why they smell like that cherry champion that's the Indians from India course Sherry the champion from champ and village in the Nepkawi islands and the south of the archipelago We see they check for two Indian rupees for damage to work coconut trees Oh, that's gonna be your compensation for those awful trees they took out of your yard. Yeah, about that. Yeah, two rupees Now in northern andamin islands villages are refusing compensation ranging from a hundred to 200 rupees The island administration is published the list of villages whose residents have not yet picked up their compensation Janith Mewa and 46 other villages have been sanctioned 8650 rupees. That's 211 bucks at a hundred eight four rupees four hours per every person for more than three acres of farm farm land damage by seawater I Don't understand that they've been sanctioned What does that mean? I don't As malloc a s i c a s malloc in 20 other villages have been allowed it over five thousand rupees on But 16 bucks at 238 rupees five bucks per every person for their damage farm Elvigico John and she said joke That's a big joke. Hey, you have some damage. You lost your your ass. You're uh, well, who's her here's a couple of rupees Stick these with a moon don't shine Love baby rupees now they open up their envelope and see two rupees near say what's that? Is what they're doing and of course with that kind of sense of humor know why do they get in the school? Really I saw Yeah I Oh I'm moving When it began And again was some nice guy Now we've been pulled to the dark side Like Just There's Look it's me. We're gonna jump to faith in God. God was the cause of the, What's that can you feel the force? The force, the force of God. God's faith is more of the thought. Do not spend this picture of the man or a judge of me. And I can't stand the war. But love those Jedi lights, they would do. Do you believe the old? I believe the old I have not to keep you alive. Everything about them just will. I believe the old I have not to keep you alive. And I can't stand the war. We're gonna jump to faith in God. And if there is one part of the world, The old star was there in the sun. It's done, it's done, it's done. Yes, finally through the five, Hopefully the force will bring me with you. Love and I say, WQA, I'll tell you one thing. Who would it get some miners? Big time, I cannot stand him. I don't want to see him. I don't want to know from him. And that is Neil Diamond. I think it is. He's Jewish. Like that you know? No, I did not. Neil Diamond is Jewish. Get out of here. Where'd you call for that crap? Oh, he didn't. He's not Jewish. Okay, next you're gonna be telling me that John Wayne was Jewish. Well, it's no joke. Hurricane season which starts today brings good news in Bad news as the sun's Sentinel. The Bad news first. A Colorado scientist with a respectable record of predicting number of hurricane season. He's been seeing these more storms. Are they horizon this year? Oh, my God. Now the good news of veteran meteorologist with an National Weather Service who's theory also holds water. Says the number of hurricane landfills is linked to how wet the season's may is. And the month has ended at a sunny of rain, which means fewer storm is stretching. Florida. Oh, right. That could no. Either way, experts or residents to be ready. Get that viscreen, get your duct tape. Get your ducts in a row. And land has last season proved when an on-person in the four hurricanes were in the state. Anything is possible. So, in other words, they don't know the craft, but it means that it would. But about, you know, they're also when that big ghost song advanced. The big shuffle. 560560, pound 560 in the Verizon, singular rifles line. How is that pull coming? And one on an even ticket above. Because I'm all with them. It's about the one for tomorrow. What's the biggest rip off today? We got 438 votes? Gas prices 109. Medical insurance 102. Prescripting drug prices 100. How what the company was it that I saw yesterday that they pulled all the drugs off the market. And if they waited five days to tell the public, you see that? Nope. The food and drug administration, those people all belong in jail, most of them on death row is a matter of fact. And as they continue to permit the poisoning, the drug, the absolute rape of the work in public. But nevertheless. Prescripting drugs 100. Staining concessions 42, hospital treatment 27, car insurance 24. College tuition 18, credit card companies 10, tax history, pyramid schemes 2. That's what Dick Clark says. QAM online auction 1 and paying the silver bench of the Schmitt 1. Speed them Dick Clark. We don't hear them more about him. I'm going to figure out the tab words again. Or find out how many strokes he says since we had the last bullet in the bottom. Not third man. We can only hope. WQAM. Hello. I don't know. Okay sir, what do you got? I got the biggest rip off. And it is George W. Bush. He's ripping off this country. The little coices that have far to grind this. You started right in the middle of that call. Wow. How appropriate. I hope it really was just just created an environmental of a gloom and doom. No doubt. I got to like the candle. The kind that just makes you feel like a life is any more living. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. What's more. It can either transmit on card Alburg Fat grate or just to offer in airies. How. Where is that boy forci and Jason Ne reconciling for. We never identified with Jagd, plane. Broals. All right. Thank you. We'reuguad. is a wrist like in Memento, you know? T- Oh, and I was going to ask about Monde, this is my question. If the one bird out since this studio was like all built at the same time, and a group has all been here the same length of time, if that one bird out, yeah, what about the other two that have got? Now, did you see what I'm saying? Right, well now, what other? They were not because of the element of time that they've been operating or, generally, when the GCS one burn out faster because of the fact it's got the right cars on there to red and the green and the one I've been able to do with it. There's other, like, okay, now you have regular like, the cathode ray tube monitors. There are all your monitors, they're not flat screens, are they? Cathode ray tube! You know, the big boxy one, does it post it to the front? That is correct. Okay, yeah, those will die, and there's no stopping it. Just by being on, those tubes have a lifespan. I see. Like, your TV has a lifespan, no, no, I want your TV start to go on, it gets lived dark. If your TV don't die out in three years, try out your ear, you leave it on continuously. Well, this one will get signed for like, four hours a day. Right, well, there you go. Yeah, there I go, what? No, how does that answer my question? They told me that if the monitors that you turn off will last longer than the monitor that you leave on. Well, how about if I turn them off right now? See ya. Bye. I'm nervous where you told me before to show that you're not understanding my question. It's too late, like, corneed is brothers and sister roasted. It's too late to turn back. They have a lifespan. They are already where they are now. So my point being, for example, if you put in three light bulbs, 200 watt light bulbs in three different lamps on the same day, the odds are, and they all three of them would probably go out. And approximately, not exactly the same second or the same minute to write. But roughly the same time period, right? But I write on my full grant, you're right assuming that they've all been left on, right, the same amount of time. Correct, right? They have hours of usage. That's right. Right. And why don't we have about these things, the monitors, same thing? No, some monitors that you have might be better than others. You know, unless they're, they're all the same. Okay, then they'll probably burn out relatively close to each other. Oh, my God. Oh, no. So I should probably replace all three of them right. Or at least have a spare on hand, so that you can just switch it out as it goes. That's a good idea. This is crappy data going on here. This is fine for a spare. There you go. He is not my idea of what I want to sit there and look at every day because it's like, it's Concave, whatever you will buy. It's a piece of grant, a new monitor by two. Hope the world up and keep the other one in the closet. No, you're missing my point. This one can be the spare. Okay. Hey, listen, you're spending my money pretty loose and fast there, Mr. For a little pump like you to make him 50 cent an hour. Better just slow it down a little bit. All right. I want to buy three monitors. But you think I'm some kind of like a big shot here? Yeah, I'm really happy. If I have a good day, it would buy in a day. Maybe I can afford a lot. How much for a nice monitor? How give me a lot of park price? How much 200 bucks for a lower... 200 bucks? 300 for a better. Oh, 300. Go ahead and get a flat screen. Yeah, go get yourself a nice plasma freight hundred. Nice big glass. My ass. I'll get a hose. Or just a few. God. 800 bucks. Are you out of your mind or what? Nice 30. I don't find the final one. That's the final. The last screen will be just fine. Yeah, 200 bucks. 200 bucks. I could afford that. In fact, so I gotta go out and win 600 bucks today. No problem. But it comes to sports. The guy's scoring. The guy's scoring. That's the sports where you'll buy 60. Wait. Only on the banana republic baby. Only on Miami... My A-m-o-HOW. What the heck is that? I'm a little scared, but I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I'm a little scared. I can go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shit. I would not want to walk out looking like John Rivers. I know where I'm going. I might have not used the fat little green. I'd get him up there, but now I get up on the heat. The reason I dismiss that speaker back past him is because he wouldn't shot up. And he can't play Kinesh. Somebody talk about it. Somebody talk about it. I'm out there, you talk. Look at me. I'm hit hit. I'm a thing done, baby. I'm fired. Anyone I want? I don't care. But we, if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I get fired myself. It even happens to the grays. This one said you get out of here. We break your legs. So now I sit by the ball. Life seems good at him getting this. With my paladin come tailed, placing bits of the jails. Who's paradise? Paradise? I don't just know that he's asking paradise. I'll be sure to let the shrewd gets the jails. But the cleaners are already with my line green hair. I'm under the tape. I'm going to take the call and look like it. Who is just the little thoughts? So what I left his day. I think that's funny. I don't know if that was funny. I can do what I want. But the man is with loves me. It's not that I get some mouth. Fuck you I didn't know. But I'm under the fire. I want to do it. Oh. Do I bite my pal? No, I don't. Who is this? Who is this? Who don't take no for an answer to that? But it's not. Let you. What's your name? Happy. Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who is this? Who's this? Who's this? Lemon 42, 28 to have it heard that in a long time. Uh, two of them. So I'm going to go out and give me see how many of what you're talking about because I can always take these two. They're still working and they can be my spheres. They're right. That is correct. Put them in the closet. Sure. Closet, at least, he's got a lot of room in it. I'm like a lot of others. I can think of it. Tonegorda, Florida. Pontegorda. No charge will be filed against two teenagers. was fightable as school bus drivers caught on video tape and broadcast nationwide. Worldwide, I see it over in Europe. Stepra is Mark Ernest Dickinson 15 and Cori G. Hendershot 13 had been arrested unfelmly assault on a school official, a fight broke out May 17 between driver Albert Taylor and the boys when he told Ruthern to put his seat belt on and Dickinson cursed Taylor her man's charge with Mr. Meiner battery and I'm going to say it again we want to go to bat for the bus driver. Yeah, the battery bus driver more power to a man. Those kids ask Zappam that's who should have been a taser right there. I said that every school bus driver would have a taser going on a bus. Yeah, they should have a charlotte wire. That good idea. Just cry their ass a little bit. Don't have to kill them. Just cry a little bit. Put a chargine to them. That'll change their altitude. Charlotte County State Attorney Stephen B. Russell said in this statement that the boys of the case against the boys couldn't be proven. After reviewing all the evidence including the entire 15 minute video tape of the incident. All of you straight. We cannot prove beyond a reasonable doubt that either of the juveniles violated a criminal law Russell said in this statement. While the actions of the juveniles were disrespectful, Ruthern profane, their behavior needs to be addressed by their parents at a school district. Russell Curshee, the boys attorney said his clients are pleased that the state attorney's office to climb up for a suit of case against the teenagers. I'm going to pay you something right now. It's a good thing for them that this happened before October 1st. Do you know that? That's right. Yeah, because after October 1st, the bus driver he can have a taser anymore. He's going to have a laser. Yeah, that's where a laser and a taser went up. He's just what he's going to have. Look, 357 Magnum sounds good. What is it? Check the facts machine. Oh no. Look at that. My facts were working. See, first we got the monitor replaced in here. Now we got the facts machine. They'll phone line up and go on. How do you like that? All right. Biggest rip offs. Flood insurance. Okay. There's one for your dad. Flood insurance. Software licenses and time shares. Three excellent choices which we've had to afford so much. Our facts machine's working now. I mean, that's what the machine wasn't working on this in. By the way, it was a problem. It was a law? What does that mean? It wasn't inside the building. Oh, I'm going to put it there. Exactly. Joseph, if you're going to buy a CRT by a view sonic, a Sony, a Samsung, a Panasonic, and LG, don't buy a view tron. Oh, you know something wait a minute. Hang on a second. Okay. I don't know. Oh, you see the sign. Yeah. The eSonic is the sticker on a back of the eSonic. Is that view tron? I don't know. Oh, wait a minute. If you're going to buy one by a view sonic, well that's what I got. How do you like that? So they actually gave me some good stuff in here. Maybe that's why I worse more than the time. It says don't buy a view tron. They take all the data. That's the cheap little piece of crap. That's just an emergency one. Contact or E-mashings. Or anything else that seems like a good deal. It does matter what brand you get. Not that you're engineering staff and it will be good monitor for my life right. It's been at least two hundred bucks. It's not like you're missing any meals. All right, engineering department. They would know they're as from my elbow. But that's, they got nothing to do with the CRT of the loop on us. See, I take care of my own studio here. And if we do need to engineer, we get our friend from up here in Toronto, not from Madonna. Eric suggests a Sony or an E-C. And any C? Okay. Well, let me write that down right now. Sony or an E-C. I mean, I know any C. I don't know what name is dirt. Well, you know, you're dyslexia. You know my electronic illiterate. N-C-E-N whatever it is. The boys could still face this bloody action going back to that story from the school district. But Percy said there's been no medication with school officials will do. He said, now, Taylor's attorney marked a sister. Said yesterday that Taylor shouldn't be charged with the crameter. And of course, he happens to be. That's so easy to write. But it's somewhere on it. You bet. He said Taylor's sister sister was acting in self defense in the confrontation with the teenagers. And she had also recovered by state law that allows school personnel to use hands on discipline and a matter of safety for other students' lessons, success of force or are usually cruel punishment. I thought it was kind of like a little weak if you asked me if you had a beaten ass not out of. Simple battery and itself is not excessive or cruel or unusual. These sisters said there should not have been a charge. I agree. When Taylor told Henry Schott to sit up front the board refused, the driver whom friends described as a kind and general man who had been under stress since his house was disturbed by Hurricane Charlie, walked to the back of the bus, Dickinson got in his way and cursed Adam. Taylor then slapped the concern in the face and grabbed his throat to the windshield. Dickinson has seen on the video pushing and punching the bus driver like a wild animal. If convicted of the misdemeanor charged Taylor for face up to a year in prison, my ass, he's on pace of suspension from the Charlotte County School to thrift. We're going to take it all over to the Supreme Court if he got messing with him. I don't know the guy or what the other senior is a good guy. He lost his house in a hurricane for crying out loud. Cut him a little slack. What's wrong with you people out there? Luretics. Just let him let him be. And take these kids and just put him in the bottom of a pool for about two, three hours. That should come down a little bit when you say that works. Put him in the bottom of a window. And no wonder the kids are acting like animals because even the boy scouts are liars. How do you like that? And bigots. An independent investigation in the Atlanta area Boy Scouts found that the organization inflated its number of black scouts from within 5000 in a program for inner city youth. The executive director of the United Boy Scouts resigned after the report was released. Auditor said Scott officials assigned to inner city areas may have felt pressured to demonstrate growth which is a part of their performance evaluations. Membership numbers are also used to help determine funding from the United Way, a major scouts donor, another reason I can't stand the United Way. They can take their curds in way and stick in both ill big cube. The unafond that former scouts to all the participants remained on the membership list and at voice who had only attended an informational meetings of out the program were signed up to. In one example an official changed the birth date of 87 cubscouts that they'd be able to not participate in the program. Another case an official continued to report membership for a church voice album unit. Although the church had burned down 30 years before. How do you like that? The inflated numbers also included 200 scouts units that didn't even exist. The ice. Operation first class was designed to increase participation by boys in the country's poorest areas and it provides the boys' most uniformies of the opportunities including scholarships for camp. Joe Beesley, all regional director of the Rainbow Pushcoe, a listening thing to the October 13th County Boy Scouts Council was reporting twice as many black participants as actually were actively involved. Georgia Boy Scouts officials then commissioned a law firm to independently investigate to complain. I'd say I'm beginning to think that Joe Joe is the most racist state in the country and not. I mean people would say like North Carolina, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi. I think Georgia is the most, they're still going to disagree with it. The senior palms there for crying out loud for Christ's sakes. No wonder deliverance was so enjoyable as we got to see the real story of what goes on in entry and up the old total bossy river and up the old shaft. Twenty-two annulment to a M. Put it comes. Jerry is I knew I'm organizing. Bowloss you can pack up and go home. None of our friends next had a telephone. He would just have constant team replications. They needed a one-chick to make those. That's what I found it all for a doubt. I know the whole life girl, but I don't think I'm dead. Should be everywhere comes to my mouth. Go on the fourth, but say it in the barrow. She's one-cas-fall, I make her two. Oh man, that's still what I'm concerned about. I'm whipped up a lot of American Idol. Just bring it back. What do you say? No. Go back to square one. Bowl fight. Find out is where you're hung or not. Come in a bore signs. Come in a bore signs. Bill increasing regulation of abortion clinics. What a surprise. No. Your fan asked Governor Jeff Bush, decided to build yesterday, increasing state oversight of abortion clinics, and provide second-time Mr. abortion saying he did so gladly with pride and conviction. When it comes to conviction, he and his smuggling wife and his wild ass kids. They are not the mention of the daughter. They all ought to be convicted. Without conviction, my ass, you fad acidity at you. Bush said the new law wasn't related to his anti-abortion views, but later added that he was motivated and partied as desired to create a culture of life in our state. Oh, bro. A life implored at how does that an oxy moron? Life implored. You can't complain about the life in that state because generally speaking, all of a there's a huge blob on the radar. Yeah, greens and yellows and purples and shard truths and enough to make you one of them loose. Man, it looks nasty. There's coming like up a Monroe County and Broward and Dave and Tom Beach, all of these things. I mean, I just miss that in passing. Go be a nasty horrible day. Here on the other hand, it's sunny as all health. Oh, we had a whole bunch of houses fall down to mudslide in Laguna Beach, California. Yeah. Now, do you feel sorry for people that build houses like on the edge of cliffs or like in places when they have a whole lot of talking about it the other day? I'd remember being in 2072 right now. It's going to be 77 today in Toronto. Go ahead, I'm sorry. On the beach looking up at those really, really expensive houses up on the cliffs. You know, with the supported by a framework there, just teetering right there on the edge of the clearing. Yeah, I remember I was nine years old and I remember thinking, you know, those cliffs look like, you know, they collapsed only recently. You know, you could see the exposed dirt and everything like that. I'm not taking her. That's not a pretty smart place to build a house. So anyway, a whole bunch of homes just slid down the old cliff. Yeah, we're going to be just California. Right. Three former Milton Academy students in Quincy, Mad Quincy, Mad. Charles was statutory rape after they had oral sex with a 15 year old female student, struck a deal with prosecutors today that allows them to avoid prison time. The deal calls for the three teens to serve two years of pre-traumpturbation after which the criminal charges will be dropped to face the out of trouble. Spokesman Kevin Bose said the three all 17 must also attend counseling for four hundred hours of community service and right letter of apology to the girl. They're also for, for evidence from having any contact with her. The teens each red letters to the victim of family in Quincy district court for the girl wasn't prison. The incident turned a public spotlight on the prestigious boarding school to south of Boston. A school investigation found that several hockey players received oral sex from the girl in a series of locker room incidents in January. Two 16 year old students were charged last month in juvenile court the names were not released. How do you like that several hockey players received oral sexual in the series of locker room incidents in January. On Tuesday, prosecutors announced the statutory rape charges against Alex Cassiano, a Pembroke Pines, Florida. J. Griscoll of Milton Mass and Pasco-Skark, Scar Wica of Beth Pines, New York. They were not even around this morning in Quincy district court that they reached the deal with prosecutors instead. All five teens were spelled for Milton Academy. A school of spokeswoman did not meet a return call. How do you like that? The hockey players receiving sex. Yes. Graceful. You got spelled for that, no? No, you'd love to congratulate. Five six seven, five six, deep pound five, sixty and even rise in singular wireless line. I'm just getting really, it's just a little bit much. If one thing if it's forced, if it's, you know what I'm saying? Great. But when you're at all ready, we're the Unable Deal. 523 votes on a pool. What's the biggest rip off today? Gas prices. Thank you, Mr. President for those low bargain basement gas prices, especially during the summer holiday gravity season and afforded July coming. Thank you, Mr. President. You sure you got your nose on it. Gas prices 1.36, medical insurance 1.23, prescription drug prices 1.11, stating consistent 50, car insurance 30, but 30, man. Hospital treatment 29, credit card companies 18, colors tuition 18, permit skims, skims 5, taxes 4, QA online options got appear. How much you want to spend for them? How paying the silver rent of the Schmidt to flood insurance 1 and time shares don't have any. How many people do you think in the sorities ever use the time share? I don't know, several. You think maybe about 30, man? I doubt it. 567, 05, 60. I don't think they really do that as much as they used to years ago. I really wouldn't know. I think Jimmy and Tammy say Baker probably cured a lot of people about to go. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing today? Pretty good. What are you going to do? I wanted to ask you something. You know the law that's in place for the separation between church and the state. Well, well, that's in place. You mean like the constitution? You got it. Well, what they got. I never understood. If you go into a courtroom, why do they make you swear on the Bible and swear to God that you're going to tell the truth if there's a separation between the two? Well, I don't understand that. Because their hypocrites cause their full of crap because they make you a certain nervous convenient for them because they're much a good age to use Bible or something intolerant to you. It's that's why. It must be. I mean, can't they just ask you to do these swear to tell the truth and that's it upon yourself. Yeah. It's not in front of God. I mean, what do you do? I would do. Yeah. If you're an atheist, you don't believe in God. So how are you going to ask somebody to swear on something that they don't believe? You have a dog. Don't confuse this with the fact now. See, you're getting a little bit of security away. By the way, Dan Weld and who won the NB500, I just saw him there on the news. He looks so like a pretty interesting guy to me. I guess I knew because most of them racecar drivers are like mugwums. They're mostly that Tennessee looking crowd, you know? Oh yeah. Tice, this guy wants like a logical answer. You know, his question is fine, but the fact that a matter of risk quit making trouble, they're going to do it the way they want to do it. That little thing called the Constitution, separation and church in state, don't confuse these barbaric intolerant religionists with the fact. So with the law, any of these things, okay sir? All of these things. That's right. Look at this. There's Ted Turner, but against CNN June 1st, 1980 they're making a big song in Anceles. They're 25th anniversary. Are we impressed? Oh, fact I just put a really good store on a website for tomorrow about a lot of polycraft CNN has turned in due. In the beginning, how they try to like, you know, a little bit go right down the middle of the line. And not just the, in fact, even back in the day when they started with a crossfire thing. And they had the far bison right wingers like Papy of Canon and no back in these guys. And on the left it was always like either something 100 year old guy. I can't think of the name of that guy. He used to be on there in the beginning the liberal guy. He was about 110 years old. He was about as weak as a jellyfish. And then they had that Michael Kensley. Yeah. And I would have glasses of one of those real pansy looking guys. You're fairery. And then of course James Carver who's a illiterate basically thinks he's very funny and is just a, just, either one of those guys who lasted his own material in all of a, just obsessed with himself. But then what he expected from a goddess married to Mary Magdalene. I don't get it. Oh, speaking a really a great humor. They fed them well the Pakistani tribes in slaughter to sheep and honor of their guests, Arabs and Chinese Muslims, families from fleeing US bombings in the Afghan mountains. But their hosts had up till all three of your motives to sell them to the Americans, said the men who were now prisoners at Gitmo. They sold them like slaves. Boughties ranged from three grand to twenty five thousand dollars. The U.T.s. testified during military tribunals according to transcript U.S. government gave the A and P to comply with the Freedom of Information lawsuit. A former CIA intelligence officer will help lead the search for Oshama, Yomama, told a pediatric counsel of legitimate because U.S. allies regularly got money to help catch Taliban al-Qaeda fighters. Gary Schroen said he took a suitcase of three million dollars in cash in West Afghanistan himself to up supply and win over warlords to fight three West special forces. It wouldn't surprise me if we paid rewards had Schroen who retired after the 32 years in the CIA, soon after the fall of Kabul in late 2001. He recently published the book First In and Insiders Account of Haba CIA spearheaded war on Tehran at Afghanistan. Schroen said Afghan warlords like General Rashid Dostom were among those who received bundles of notes. It may be that we were giving rewards to people like U.S. because his guys were capturing a lot of Taliban al-Qaeda. He said Pakistan has handed hundreds of suspects to Americans but information minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed told the AP no one is taking any money. We believe that. No. How you like that? How about that? There were so many like slaves if you know. But the U.S. doesn't do things like that. We're just that you know the international leaders of such a county think of what bed-wedding. We are fine balls. That's all they are. That's right. Trouble makers. On American. On patriotic whatever they are. They suck. WDQAM. Hello. Who are you? Yeah. I want to talk to me up please. Speaking. Hey, Leo. Yeah. How you doing? Great. I want you to know something. You belong to the event. You're the final of this episode. Not with this face. No. I'm not going to say something. I tried every day. The traffic is bad. But I know you're the one who's been here. I'm here. I'm here. I am. Are these people are call you? They're all here. Exactly. Hey, I'm a great day, paley. I'm going to talk to you. Go for it. And say hi to Sally. You got it. I'm going to kick it medium style. Why should I say 7.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. 6.05. If I were on TV, you could listen. We had a radio every day. So it's good to take for my. I'm on radio. That's right. Of course we had that. Wally showed. I was. I'm here. I don't want to be involved. Anybody remembers. I think we said, I hope you don't. I had nothing. No control over that. That was part of the really good idea. I kept on don't put these stupid ass calls on. They're terrible. Oh, no. Yeah. There you go. It calls on. Yeah. That nutty, lush from. Yeah. Maddie, lush from what a piece of turd man. I hope somebody poisoned his humankind on forum. I hope just like just like they did with the Canoleum. Godfather 3 with what was his name? Eli Wall. Oh, it was his character, Don Johnson. Oh, this is name. Don of noxious. Don Alta Bello. Oh, is that it? Wow. Yeah. That's what I mean is that it. You're messing with the next word here now. Next word perver. You could meet. Was that it? You know, mama with that movie. Don Alta Bello, man. And then he says to Connie, here you taste it. You're so skinny. She like, I can't even describe what you did. I can't imagine, why it comes to me? But so that is my key here is that inside of me. First and now I... I'm going to wash you. So I'm going to be just a bit of a... spoon for you to give a five-sippity. Two A-a. Mark. Morgan. Is the 12-to-one hour on Q-8-down? I did when you told me to wait until we saved me. Oh yeah, the way you told me, I didn't just know me. Oh no, the door is at the door to the door to the door. In the hallway, I think so, there's a witness when you could just go inside. And it's got a little bit of something to say. Maybe that's all being the driving mode to the exit. You mean to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. And then something is safe, and I use my phone so I can't wait for my phone. That's not what I want. I will wait for you. Hey, there's not a hole in the door. We take me out and fly up. And I'm sorry to run. And the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. We take me to the door to the door to the door to the door. And the door to the door to the door to the door. And the door to the door to the door. And the door to the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door. Oh, the door to the door. So, what the time did I get the window to the door and it was door? Oh, oh 200 years ago. Oh, my house was a different time. And after it was a bad place between us, and the doors was. Just a diary and a diary. For this door was taken to the door and so on. And it was the time The time and time were taken. And so I took a diary. So I took a brief break. Maybe. Maybe. Wake me. Ah. What moment will I start? I don't know what I can talk about. I know you never said. Do the door. I don't know. I ONLY FAGICSA Lahir! 30! Get some sweat down there and... Aint there, uh N Aint there... I'm not a fool! I'm not a fool! I'm not a fool! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! Exactly! It's 12.45.60. I love the way they both do. That's because they're both Jewish. I mean, they're in no goi that can do it, but in jubois. Here's a fact that is his crossbar from the left. Tom Radenetz to God, that crusty old fart. Remember Tom Raden probably not. Look at Lisa over 100. Treating him like crap, it says. Bart him for Kinsey was smart, but not put on TV. This is very best. Thank you. Here, this is my text here. This may be the best facts we've ever gotten. It's pretty good. It's cute. It says, actually, somebody took the time to type this on here to make it look almost all the way. From the desk of steamcane, self-orders highly weighted talk to your host as well as a leading collector in the authority. A serial killer fine art, baseball card, Plasties who are dream the adopting of Negro children. Ha ha ha ha ha. It says, please add Burton's exturlist of a great business as that of club. I did put that on there on my afro tomorrow. Okay. And it also says, enjoy the coming Jewish and Christian. It cruises all of that. Oh god. Man, oh man, talk about going off the defense. Even June Allison, she had a tear when she thinks about Mr. Ego. Bad news. The widow of a lake worth middle school teacher who was shot to death by student Nathaniel Brazil lost in appeals court fight today that was an effort to hold a gun distributor liable for distributing a defective product. Because guns naturally are the American joists in way. And whatever joyson forget it. A attorneys for Pan Bruno, the widow of murdered lake worth middle school teacher Barry Bruno, argued that the murder weapon was nothing but a cheap, poorly manufactured handgun designed soldier to be used for crime. A attorneys asked the fourth district court of appeals in West Palm Beach to reinstate a jury's decision that the guns and distributors sunrise based valor court should pay Bruno and her two children $1.2 million in damages. Palm Beach Circuit judge George LeBarga throughout the November 2002 verdict ruling the valor could not be negligent under state law because jurors did not find a gun was a defective product. The appeals court ruled. What? It's quite a bit exactly what it was supposed to do. Yeah, kill somebody. Yeah. The appeals court ruled that there was no liability on the part of valor for distributing a gun that worked as it should. Radio. Bruno's attorney's argued a trial and before the appeals court that the raven 25 caliber semi automatic use by Brazil was a crime gun. Valor's attorney's argue that the raven is a legitimate weapon often used for self-defense and by police officers as a backup gun and not any different than more expensive handguns. Valor's attorney's also argued that Brazil was the person responsible for very Bruno's death. The 13 year old student Brazil stole a gun from his grandpa and used it to shoot Bruno after being sent home from a school in May 2000. Brazil was convicted of a second to be murdered since the 20 years in prison, which is nearly enough, not even close to long enough. The fact that he might actually get out some days enough to really send shows up and down your spine. And by the way, how's Donald take to a mass? Be kind of guns? Yeah. That pizza wouldn't have had anchovies on it. Maybe everything would have been okay, you know? I hate it. It would have been a hit in an happens. It was sitting there. The cops showed up eating the pizza. Right. Well, why are you going to order it if you're not going to eat it? Well, what's wrong with you, Mr.? You eat it on the run though. Oh, I took it when he couldn't. And he couldn't send it over to ballpark for Josh. He could have. Right? Without anchovies? Without no anchovies, please. Are there really people who like anchovies? You know what? I thought it was a myth in that night. I met some. I've never met anyone. I don't know. I can't even begin to imagine. Of course, keep in mind there's a lot of people like Suchi. No, not even in the same ballpark. Why not? And at least anchovies don't look like they might still be alive. They're not like looking back at you. Oh, they do look like they're alive. Anchovies? Yeah, they look like slugs. Ooh, yeah. Slugs. Oh, yeah. Slugs are disgusting. Slugs. We had a few slugs in that tail department. Six to five, skip me, for example. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Tom five, 60, and a Verizon, sing it a while. The sun, the biggest rip off today, or maybe a few for our list. Tomorrow we get all kinds of crap going on today. We got a heavy plate. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, they have a new deployed. Heavy plate. Well, I've got to go out and buy me some monitors now. Yeah, about 30. I know a good idea. I'm good at it. I'm always having one. So you're telling me now, now in hindsight, but not what I get to do. And so I'm going to be turning them off religiously. Okay. No, seriously. In other words, it's too hot comes. I'm turning them on to his office. And thus, the later on, when I'm doing a little work on the internet, you know, might need to turn that one on. And then when I'm done just shut it off. How much difference with that? I guess that's a stupid question, huh? It's like asking the difference between leaving your TV on, whatever or shutting it off on your done watching it, it's not that. Although I have it back in the day, and of course, this is the old Fangle TVs. But back in the day, they used to say it would take more, how do you test tube, your test tube to turn the set on and off, and just leave it on. People say all kinds of crazy things. Well, that's what they used to say. Back in the day, when they were kicking an old style. Huh? Yeah, they say all kinds of things like that. You don't believe that. No. In other words, they have surge. I mean, it's entirely possible, but in other words, that, well, why don't you call my law pen, find out what's going on about that. Okay. I'm not going to the box. My law handleton. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, yeah. I just want to comment on the, I didn't just talk about with the gun manufacturer mean suits. Yeah. If that, if that's for coaching, if that's the teacher with the knife, what the way to have sued the knife manufacturer, because they're performed at the rear. I tell you one thing, if she's a guy who's been murdered from Ron Pothil, she issued his ass. That's right. You said that his knife set is not for like 15 easy payments of 30 new eye, 9 new eye, you see that? Oh, that was right. Right. But I kind of see. Okay. He's got the one that's the crime knife. That's my favorite. It's just right on it. This is a crime knife. Yeah. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, my own dices. They can be killed by a hammer and a knife. I mean, I don't think gun manufacturers are sometimes. I'll tell you a little thing. I'm a hammer. If I had the hammer, I would be always said, I don't want them all. That was handguns. Baby, that's what it's all about. Go on by a whole bunch of them. I'm following is a paid public service. And I'm from the International White Association. In fact, I can't wait until Ron Pothil gets his own set ago. You're the knife set as a good start. All right. But when we get to Ron Pothil gunsmith, what's the best we'll never be rich? Now, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim. And I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare the shit out of me. And intimidate them and to give you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? From a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? All the convenience store. They suggest a pretzels wire end. It's all free. You've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. It's a simple solution. A life complex problem. Why it's a deal is wait the five days for it. And happiness is just around the corner. Now, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the damn thing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and it'd be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make a fence. Exactly. And starting our October one, don't even think about it. Somebody gives you a little bit of a hard time. Just a little bit of a hard threat. You thought to say, if you're a threat to your safety and your well-being, and if they might actually do some badty, like give you a hang nail. Let's go to the crap away. Don't take a chance. That's right. Don't trust too many people. That's one thing I've learned. All these hundred years I've been around. Just don't trust too many people. Especially those business. They look at you like a little bit kind of cross-eyed. They'll kind of fight you like maybe a little on the shady side. Just like that. If they're within like five blocks, and you're at the ATM out there, starting our October one and Florida. Just blow that crap away. And in that way, every all of our rest of us can be safe to and we thank you in advance. Remember the NRA motto? Better to be judged by 12 than carried by six. I thought the motto was winning doubt. Take them out. That's a new one. Ah. We'll let Stan. We'll leave the positions that I'm facing. We'll be red. From a bad world, let's let 12 be the same. As we're both honest, just now. Just wanna throw a new one down, Jack. Now, with no hope. We're not left alone. And if they meet me, they'll... And if they meet me, they'll... And if they want to continue, watch the greater pressing. Don't go back, let it go back.ioville! Yeah. And kept on your own. Far more alright. From no one here, I hope. You have even No one. Get lost, Don't be silent about it. Awesome. Man! Up! Just like that, You wanna do it? Be there. Take them out! I'm going to be one. I'm going to be one. I'm going to be one. Probably a tenet five assistant. Everybody come out. I tell you one thing. I'd much rather find out who killed JFK as opposed to like who was deep throw. Oh yeah. I think who gives a crap about who was deep throw. Other than that, if they wouldn't have found out it was Mark Trout, we wouldn't have seen his grandson on TV and all or shots to make all these speeches, right? So, I'm very concerned about deep throw and lindle of his place and Harry Reims. I mean, yeah, did. Harry was the upper-boy. If anybody ever had the appropriate name. If I can't say he's spelled it, I think, A.A.I.R.Y. He said Harry Reims. Well, he was serious. He made Ron Jeremy. He looked like an old smoothie. Maybe that's what Ron Jeremy's problem is he's easy to make him smooth. God, he is just a cow. As long as I live, I'll never forget that day. No, be the. When he said, right across to me, I could reach out and just smack him in the face. Man, and then he took it. He just, I thought he was joking. He was serious. He was offended by the fact that I called him Grotesque and Fad and Harry. I mean, you know, see how? Which one of those three was inaccurate? I don't know. Maybe he thought Grotesque was a little strong. Well, okay, let me say it again. Fad, Harry, Grotesque. Double-join, did. Yeah, speaking of people at, we raised 14 eyebrows. Thinking about that. Fad, as governor, you know, Mr. Feetis hugger and real hunger. Florida governor, Jeff Bush, would be awfully good in the job of president, but the timing isn't right. His father and former president George Herbert Walker, Fad's Bush told CNN last night. As if he'd want you to run, Bush said, oh, something I love. Yeah, it's yes. Bush was present from 89 to 93 appeared on Larry King Live with former First Lady Barbara, who doesn't want to mess up her beautiful mind with all those statistics above the dead American troops in Iraq. From the family camp on a kidney bunk port, Maine, underlined a bunk part. Jeff Bush is, well, you know, but he thought about his brother George and his second presidential term in 2008. He's off. He'd be awfully good. The other Bush said, this guy smart, big and strong. He's got a lot of things to do with his decisions. And, you know, now without controversy, but he's led that state. Yeah, let him write another toilet. That's where he's led Florida. He's got all these devious plans to subvert to a little public, whether it's class size, whether it's a slot machine, no matter what it is, you vote and I would double the train, you want it, you ain't going to get it. Because your Fad asks governor is the Nazi chief of Florida, make no mistake about it. And that's scary. On here is, Mark 12 again, there's his grandson in the back. The amount of time to bench reality had been broken. No, our decision was based on what the family had clearly decided to do. And the family's, well, there's Leonard Downey. He's the executive in early, Marginal Washington Post. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, we had a lot of good calls here today. Have a little bit of people have had some actual people a little bit of something in damnable. Right. In fact, I wanted just about peat my pants. It wasn't that good. I forgot what it was. But it was pretty good. It was alright. It was. Huh? Well, it wasn't. New Spencer's house or what were brought into our bedroom. Yeah right, we had him here with Shan got a Like-a Sawah, And have and the task of our discovery of migrants is a as much as the majority of them The judge just got mol jug. And some people have caused problems. He's the celebrationtimest ofem, pop music you saw this thing before I were trying to raise folks from each other about a if. I don't know if that in the box or not, because can you go back right here? Yeah them are still still interchangeability, relationship, IO ACIM. Oh give me a Stick to, get it. I mean, I'll give you a perfect example. Talk to us, George before I show him a second, or it's here, Miami. I'm a college graduate, my wife is a college graduate. We make very good money, and we can't afford anything down here unless we want to live in Liberty City or Little Hating. Everything is basically like 400,000 or more. And that's for like a two, three-bedroom, two-back single family home. Right. It's ridiculous. Crazy. Way to the public, Bruce, man, that'll give it to you. That's all waiting for. Good luck. Hi, yeah, thanks. That's crazy. Of course, those of us who own property and self-order pretty happy about that, I'll say, in my house for like two million, how's that? Yeah. Now, the guys absolutely correct. It is an insanity. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course, tomorrow's thing, I'm just whipped up to a friend's day. I know we've done it before. We've done a restaurant separately. We did business is separate. But I think that, you know, favorites, self-order business that no one really could be a restaurant could be a department store, could be like a shoe-shines stand, could be anything. Right. And of course, this goes back. I mean, this is like how about the Playboard Club? I don't even remember that. We had one. Well, the Playboard Club originally was on the beach on Collins Avenue. And then the Playboard Club was once a part of time on this game, right like across from the pushy cat theater. OK. So in that, in this game, Playboard Club. How was it to Playboard Club? Was it the idiots from IOD with Jim Gallant and bunch of real morons? Oh, bunny barbra, bunny barbra. I've never seen a man in a, I feel like such a moron as Jim Gallant. You know who that is? You know, they brought him in for about five minutes from Kansas City. The general manager, his name was Jim Abernathy. I believe in a program director was Jim Gallant. Yeah, Gallant. Oh, my God, what a moron. But anyway, and then the Playboard Club, I guess I wanted to see my reaction. I've got like, I was just something. I don't know what that is. They didn't hire me. Five six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, sixty, and the Verizon singular virus lines. WCQAN, hello. They get a little manager. WAN. Jim Gallant line. Not there. Maybe that was Jim Gallant. You think so? Yep. Maybe it was Bill Vines. WCQAN, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So whole question is what's the biggest rip off, right? Yes. My cable film, man. What a killer. We aren't going to discuss that. No. I'm not sure what's going to value. You better get with it, Mr. You better kiss your set right now. Okay. Kiss the phone, kiss your set, and kiss my back, oh, man. Five, six, seven, five, six, the analogy. Which one of the salespeople was that? From which they were. Oh, hello. Now, look at that. A fatal exception has just occurred in my, there's just some strange stuff going on today. You know what? Let's be the weather. Well, weather, the sunny shine is beautiful here. Now, but it's raining here. So it's affecting you. So press any key to continue and I press the key and nothing's happening. What does that mean? I, it's broken. I don't know. It says the current application will be terminated. I better like do something like restart. Oh, geez. See, the monitor works. Now, that's what's on if that says screwed up. It's just one of those days. Maybe because it's the first of June. Okay. We're just not in tune. That was really, we're out of sync. Oh, it's the white-to-cating catchment of this. That must be it. Dominic, you're a M, hello. I have to agree with that. Okay. Dominic, you're a M, hello. I'm a warm park. Dominic, you're a M, hello. You. Yes, sir. I remember the paper club was on the June road also. And by the way, my favorite part of business that is no longer here. The Florida Panthers, baby. Oh, yeah. We love those Panthers. They're looking on my computer. I restarted my computer. I rebooted it. What do you think, Boote? I think it'll work. I think it'll be just fine. There's some strange stuff going on there. You had that problem with a fax machine. I had my monitor died. Just died on me out of nowhere. An interesting part of it is I was in here working last night. I put a bunch of stuff in there. And this morning it just died. Isn't it that? Wasn't that lucky? Wasn't that for two of this stuff thing? I chose to come in here and stuff all of that crap in there last night as opposed to waiting till today. Although I have, there's nothing wrong with this one. It's didn't hear this. They take, right? Chancy and crappy and old. But I just leave it sitting there. In fact, wait till the next time it goes out. Then I'll say, oh, yes, what I can't do the show today, George, because my all my stuff went out. To get some work? Yeah. Oh. Holy Macana. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Now that American Idol is over, get ready for animal idols. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my God. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I bet you can do it through the father, well. You have that kind of like rainbow tone. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm going to reach out with a fussy in a moment. Nice. And I'm all idle. I'm hot. Can't wait. 12. 3 2 5 6. You know me. I got the mole myself. Oh. Oh. Oh. So my dog is 4 and I'm on the marble. So I'll six three. Better win a game than I would be a good idea when you think Josh did like win one. Yes. If we law, you know, we lost a piss for every time last year and two times the virus year. Do it great every time. Yeah. Can't he never want a single game against the Pirates last year? No, we can't be the Pirates. The Pirates suck. Well, we can't be in for some reason. The Pirates are like a little bit of girls. He never reminds me of when he used to have all those problems with the month of your life's spose. Remember that was that last season? Or the year before they had all those trouble written the expoes. It just loos and loos and I mean, the expoes were horrible, but the only thing that could be would be the marlins. Well, whatever. So we're just going to cross our fingers in our legs and pray for a marlin win tonight. Or whatever. Rick says, he says, you brought back memories when you mentioned the playboard club, the final incarnation of it in Miami was next to the airport. My uncle was a dishwasher there. Well, gee, can we loan the barrel a few bucks? I'm dirty man. Oh, my uncle. I didn't like that. The final incarnation was there. Yeah, used to be on Collins Avenue. In fact, that was back in mid 50s. Back when Jason was doing a show for Miami Beach. That can the salad days, right, Beach. Before you were born, right? Well, just about. Yeah, that's true before you were born. And then it moved over there on this weekend in 79th. And then it was up by the airport where this guy's uncle used to be a dishwasher. How about that? Let's see. The biggest grip off is it says, Louis in Chendougatensia, you're the lawyer. I'm sorry. I was said, lawyer. Rams with. Right. He also says water. Now, see talking about water bottle water, I guess. I guess not water out of the tent. Bottled water. That's a good idea. How could it so they have a expensive or bottle water, especially when they like the stuff that was thick, plastic containers, you know those jugs? I mean, a lot of guys like jugs, but not that kind. Believe you mean, that's just a water out of a tent somewhere. Or then they have those machines where they dispense the water to. And it's so far up to a tap somewhere. Are you idiots? What are you doing? Buy and water out of a tap? You mow rons you. Well, you know, I always say if somebody is dumb enough to buy whatever you're pedaling in more power to you. Right. Look at this show. For example, 567560, we can go sports shows on this station. Wow. 560 in the Verizon and Singular Rounds songs. We got that they trend coming tomorrow. We got some number. We got a lot of energy. We got a 4. Whatever we got tomorrow. We got the Lawrence of Welch. We got a trend. I just, I don't know. Maybe I'm just getting old. Maybe just a whole thing with these. See, back in the day, this may come as a shock to you. But once upon a time, in fact, I think also what I would do, we didn't do trends every month. Did we in the beginning? I don't recall. There was never any such thing as a monthly trend. They're waiting book where come out quarterly once every three months. And that would be it. Funitula, funitula, whatever it is. And that's all there was. But now it is a monthly trend and what we have to wait them because we didn't have enough in-bred trailer trash this month and therefore we got to like, wait it for the country kiss and kiss country and kiss my ass. Whatever. You know, it's all a polygraph. It's all just a craft shoot. WQA in-law. WQA in-law. Hello. Yes, sir. Listen, the grass-wicked you were doing thing on movies and famous sayings and all that stuff. In the outlaw, Josie Wales, there's a time where he is being pursued by a guy who's a white wing fanatic. Much with gets Josie Wales will go get the rest of the bad guys. And the other guy says, Josie's the last one, or any other bad guys. And the guy says there's no end right. That's one of the best lines of movies. There's no end right? There's no end to doing right. Oh. Doing the right thing. Uh-huh. And he's having to tell us on the move, watch out they're going to keep doing things. Right. So hell freezes over. Well, our president says that's his motto. Yeah, he's coming after you one way or the other. Right. Well, I'll have to cross the border first. Okay. So a lot, Tally. Nice. Hang in there. Sceneraline from movies. I don't get how many day go get any what freespol. Come by. Come out of the one one. Exactly. Even if it's not turned man. Exactly. Many. Oh, I speak in a number. Is guess who's voting today? Who's voting? I'll just to believe the Dutch. All right. They're voting on a Europe. You charter. You. And that's what the French said. Do it. You. And they said, oh, thank you. Probably we get lost. And the Dutch are going to say the same thing. In fact, the opinion pulls a predicting a naivot. See you thought horses said nay, right? Hey. Well, that's also saying nay. Just about everybody else says no or nine. Nine. In fact, the Germans, they say, yeah. Yeah. But in Dutch, it's nay is how you say no. Yep. I wonder how you say yes. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The old Dutchman. A with a naivot, a nearly 60% indicating a large gap between the voters and their political leaders. I don't see the other value of having a constitution said, and it meets a law student. And the changes are coming so fast. Half the time I cannot understand them. Herman teen willink. His name is T. T. J. E. E. M. I love those salad jays in Dutch. I don't know why, but it is like the buy-and-croft, the big department store. It's V. J. I. Whatever. Herman teen willink a senior government official said a politician had underestimated the time and effort required to explain the constitution. That he said produced a pressure cooker campaign and guess what it didn't work. That view was shared by Lawrence Yon, Brinkhurst, the Dutch economy minister, the non-debated of the past 20 years cannot be overcome in three weeks he said. Those opposing constitution are scattered across the political spectrum. They view soundbites warning against the European superstate, or the future membership of a country like Turkey, with its large population would be politically outweigh the Netherlands. Supporters on the other hand have been struggling to convey complex issues often wrapped in bureaucratic jargon. But you know what they can take their bureaucratic jargon and show away the mundo and try. It's not bad enough that Amsterdam is just a shadow of what it used to be, but they try to kill a whole thing there, you know. They're trying to do it. Only the Germans know how to do it, right? Believe you me. How to kill? Now come on now. You've never been any of these places. What do you know about it? You'd love Germany. I take it right now. You love for a colonial of Berlin. Go to the food, the restaurants, the hotels, the people, the ambiance, the nice new shone buildings because they had to be built after somebody bloomed a bits and WWE 2. It would be amazing all these things. German is a safe fine place today. All right. Of course, you know, there's always a few skinheads running around, but now that I'm one of them. See the time on the internet. That's right. They have days. Always a good idea to be a skinhead. See, I'm like, I'm a style of it for the times from year years up. You're kicking it new style. I'm kicking it new style from the years up. I'm a style and for the times, being a skinhead is in today. Just ask El Presidente. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 feet, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon Sinketer Wireless Line. I'm not sure if we're doing today's pour or tomorrow's pour. And whatever I did, maybe we'll do like about 20 of them on the same day. There you go. Keep them guessing. That's a good question to ask why. How many pulls have you ever done in the same day? What a come-to-spot. We're doing a pour. Support when you'll find 60 points. Ben standing in line for the past 147 days. I live with my mom. Star Wars. Revenge of the face. It's really awesome. And they're star-spader. C3PO, isn't it? As well as stars who do this kind of be like savers. And even Alik Dinnick, which has been dead for many many years, and there's other special effects. Oh yeah. George. Sookick. It's going to make 940 to trillion dollars in 2017. And the guy who went in line ahead of me. It's the 24317 to the one. Where to here this story? It's from Bukilia. Okay. Do you hear Bukilia? No. Well don't go there because they might Bukilia. Kiyanya. I never heard of this. It's a lot more good to wear it as a theme of the story. A woman who bought a lot of reticulated, urging her to die in father, went almost a million dollars the day he passed away. How do you like that? Oh, right. Your land of Williams won the 979,440 dollar prize after your father Frank Ruppa. Center from his hospital room may 24th ago to a convenience through her bite ticket. The two had always bought a lot of reticulated together. My father gave this to me said Williams 50 a retired custodian for the same team city post office and Lee Kali on the Gulf Coast. It's a blessing and a gift. Bukilia, VOK, E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. Bukilia. Williams turned in a mega money ticket brand that number is 18, 213443 and the mega ball 20. Tolotary officials on Tuesday and telehassy. She took her winnings in a one-time lump sum rather than $1.3 million dollars spread over 20 years which once again goes to Shoya to give up almost 400 grand. The tremendous Ruppa that is the Florida lottery. Ruppa 400 grand she had to give up because there a yank in tax money out of your lot of your gambling winnings. shameful. It is grace. It is totally unacceptable to what it is. Can you believe that? I believe it. William said she took care of the job of caring for ailing father six years ago. Williams and Ruppa 79 played the Florida lottery almost every day. Sometimes they spend a dollar, sometimes 10 bucks on a game. I shop all over for tickets with him said I'm a gambler and he's a gambler. If we had a heart of bucks in our pocket we'd buy a hundred tickets scratch off a lot of what ever. Williams at our husband Sherman a disabled commercial fisherman had five children five grandchildren. Neighbor Tom the saddest 37 said the family is struggling the five years he's known them. Sherman isn't he the dog in the what's that uh uh rocky and bull minkle? Sherman's the kid. What was the dog? Mr. Peebani. Mr. Peebani. I'm so sorry Mr. Peebani. I'm so sorry. Sorry. They always had it hard she said you can do what you can to get you do what you can to get by that was headed hard. No comment. Now Williams and our husband are considering buying 140 acres in North Florida and paying us some of our fathers bills with the winnings. This gave my father dignity at his funeral where you said may my father rest in peace. Volkina is located at the north end of Pine Island in the Gulf of Mexico just where to keep coral. See there's little geography lesson for you. What I freaking education show what a price is right to huh? No no we're going to. 1.3 million to get 900 and some 1000 it is totally. It's on acceptive what it is it's a scam it's a rip off. And this is the same fan ask governor this is oh well we'll take our time with at the slot machine thing because I don't like gambling. This is the champion of the state lottery which is probably the biggest rip off going that that should be on our poll today. The Florida lottery. You don't think sure. A huge rip off well we're going to buy you an annuity and if you have to be 2000 maybe you'll get like a half out of money we're pretending we're going to give you. You win a lot over here like that time I had the five out of six and one almost 1600 bucks and you take the ticket to the whatever and how they call it to the old whatever it is. Right. OLGC Ontario lot of gaming commission they got a headquarters right downtown you hop on whatever cab and you get over there and you hand them the ticket. It's your money ID and about being sit down for a minute they sit every two minutes they handy would check a certified check no deduction no taxes no nothing and that's the way it should be that should be the American Jewish in way but not not not in Florida because your governor is a is a fakeer is what he is and any the worst part of his you people like him what what is it about him that they like so much he can anybody please tell me that I don't know he he piggy party you're not all thinking about what's not to like he's just the opposite what's to like five six seven five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless lines we're starting to confuse you with two polls today aren't we no I like it well we're not going to get a lot of them for tomorrow they're saving up but there's so many places you know the great places all along gone W2AM hello hello I pick a loser and South Beach yes sir hi I'm finding get a whole new rat who's he wanted to know something about Linda love lace he wanted to know something about Linda love lace yeah what he said on the show when I'm I don't think he said that at all I said he said get lost what was that that sounded like you felt some kind of a streamer didn't sound like it sounded like something something really unusual five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless lines WQAM hello yes sir you were talking about Neil Diamond earlier he is standing in the heat Neil Diamond he had to be Jewishers and movie they may call the jazz singer oh that's right that you're absolutely correct that's right he was running around with the schmoth on his head that's right that's right it tells us all the story well I hope is how much I should turn to a poison jump up five six seven oh five now and that was one of the most interesting moments in the history of the show by dump today we're just having a spiked to hear but so there's some like a retard in me and you were right we knew that yeah a retard about the road I have no right yeah you're prophetic you really are so anyway what he said I didn't dump it for that reason but because he's one of the chronics is that Neil Diamond is Jewish and he played in the movie to jazz singer anyways well I run around with a schmoth on with a Yarmulka with a Kapah whatever an L.A. call it five six seven oh five six and that was very revealing wasn't a very revelatory yeah at least it was to me I'm sure that you'd probably took some notes on it WDQAM hello I'm a small one B.C.A. you're fairies huh the Marlon Beach gay hotel on the four-laterdale Beach it used to be several of those once upon a time I remember what the other ones were I'm sure that she would though WDQAM hello yes sir hey what's going on hey don't paly I I listen what if two of the biggest reports in South Florida are the Florida turn by tolls turn by tolls okay they're right okay and a tag agencies which I just left I'm so sorry yeah I know okay yeah I've been for your pull some more what about what about what was your all-time favorite place in South Florida was the ranch house no but I hear you're talking about it here the question is what's your favorite South Florida business in the all-gross is if the ranch house was your favorite man your taste is in your touch and it's too bad that you didn't have to stand online at the attack agency for another five hours the ranch house my ass I mean I mean we've talked about the ranch house in the past about you know places that are no longer around right right the ranch house in fact there was also a ranch house right there by the Playboard Club on sub-isking in the 79 there was all kinds of stuff in that hood once upon a time for its hamlet and juniors all of these things in a Playboard Club all of this stuff juniors I was supposed to be sensational now now let me ask you this can be how about pumpernex what about it they're all gone are you reckon pumpernex I'm just preparing for tomorrow's poll what about wolfies is there is the last wolf it is on wolfies right there's the wolfies in Hollywood still here you would know that far away as making a difference because it's not the same right wolfies very sad did just a floor show alone in wolfies was worth the price of admission watching those wait for the screaming and yelling and tearing off the proud out of his place it's a crazy house here we eat a wolfies no but we can see that scene here almost every day where is that here here in the building oh in the building lots of other story that's another whole deal somebody to wait oh hello hey yeah sir hey I'm sure you read the story but you heard about like getting uh Colorado with a army recruiting scandal the army recruiting scandal no yeah oh you didn't you read about that? did not know that you know I mean if you google it up I just look up uh Colorado army high school recruiting scandal basically what a kid this is he's a high schooler at works for his a newspaper it's school newspaper and he wanted to see how easy it is to get into army through recruiting uh through recruiting agency basically he called the recruiting agency told them that he said it had a high school to pull them what you did obviously is a high school that easy he basically talked to recruited the crew recruited told them forge a fake diploma what she did and it gets to know I have a drug I have a drug call my smoke weed they got the recruiter says no problem I think she personally I think he personally the bi-a-d talk so there actually goes and buys them the d-toc notice that cbs 4 I guess over there in Colorado has this on on on video and everything is recorded I mean if you just look up on a website you'll find it immediately it's in Colorado high school recruiting scandal but I mean it's just incredible all the government is is putting so much time into sport and drugs and steroids when their own army recruiters are recruiting safety I mean fake yeah I mean sure well I'm so desperate out there they'll take anybody yeah but I mean it would be really good if you could read that on the air even put on your website because I just I mean I thought I'm seeing it in a couple days ago and I just couldn't believe it that this kid pretty much just framed and tired army despite you know saying he's a fake student with a fake diploma with everything and and you got into the army you got a lot of money I'll tell you on google it no problem thanks google it were you pleased okay Colorado recruiting scam whatever and it is but they will take anybody just like that story said yesterday the latino is they're not the son of no more and nobody would have who's seen what's going on over there we're almost to the 17 hundred number in Iraq not that anybody's coming you understand not that anybody really cares except those who are directly affected but uh other than that it's just one those things oh I am fighting more more our Norman Solomon on common dreams.org they's got a calm uh about impeachment and we have the one yesterday by neither and the other guy having a nice good luck to them well and leave you I'm gonna start somewhere okay I have to make a little rumble we're under time under as they say we're gonna make a little thunder down under now they're on your day again yeah really that if I come to make a run for the border right now you know an a new time sting are you two better we are all over it still online you can still find it yeah it's still the four of you are like the best the best public restrooms in the town things like that I'm not there to be picky well that's good I'll tell you again let me highly recommend if you're an Amsterdam the Barbazon Palace Barbazon Palace hotel which is only like right across in the center of central station and man you go in and you go pretend like you're staying there you know you act like you belong in there they don't pay attention anyway it just march right toward toward the back and on the right there's a stairwell downstairs where says toilets man they got just incredible restrooms down there and they got like you know this is the soap and the the sink and the whole deal in the rear real nice private individual a little towel let's to pay it it's a beautiful thing and then you go back up and be the sleeves ball that you really are a handful of times in the last few years the members of the Oregon Commission charged with determining hold your license to teach in the state's public schools and find themselves faced with an application from a former prostitute in a prostitute but under state law commissioners have had to turn down the applications regardless of any potentially mitigating circumstances unlike in the neighboring states of California in the bad Idaho and Washington in Oregon it doesn't matter if the prostitution eviction came at a tender age if the woman herself was the victim of sexual abuse or was forced into prostitution or was forced into making portals like when the lovelace or she has since managed to write herself in her life now a billet would have brought Oregon's policies in lines with its border states has died in the states and after strong signals that even if it had made the past the full body of the senators it would not have survived the Republican controlled house of representatives those Republicans man they don't like prostitutes unless of course they're servicing them you don't get past the headline you just don't get past it today Maori and it represent a florey republican of clacomus who chairs the house education committee where the bill would have landed had a clear-to-state senate the bills sponsored by senator marric heard democrat a portland would have allowed a school to take to employ a woman convicted of prostitution and at least seven years it passed since the commission and if she's not been convicted of any of the cram in the interim I like that all right it would not have given blanket okay to well teach replicas for the prostitute commission but they might have handed them a small blanket just laid down on and petled her wears how do you like that huh some others if you make a mistake in Oregon you don't get a second chance making a mistake is selling your goods selling your wear a selling your body this discussion they test some rows of huh okay said before thank god Republicans don't use prostitutes we have so even I kept getting double you guys it's a good solution on the attitude it's the one to two hour I have won the vote okay if this is done now we've been both as little care that I've been all their funds don't people have California they like be a lot just like they might have a few edges I swore lots of counter if move Because you and I have been the movies that's why I've become a guy of guided boarders. Oh yeah, it's a real acting matter who's been believe in his right a moron. It's one of one of five six UWQAM. Here's the poll. What's the biggest revolve today? Gas prices one eighty nine medical insurance one forty nine prescription drug prices one thirty nine. They should rot in hell. Stadium concessions fifty nine. But at least if you're ain't good. Current insurance forty five hospital treatment thirty six credit card company thirty two. College tuition twenty one taxes fifteen real estate nine permits. The two AM online auction the action auction. So five. Paynesty revenge of the Schmidt for. Bottled water three time sure three flood insurance three turnpike tools done and afford now a lot of We've got none let's go be just put it on our guess by the way the lottery's great. Well that's right we love the floor of the law. That's the deal is the best deal going anywhere I go on. That's what the ticket's right now. You know what's screw it. Okay. That's where I draw the line. I'm sorry you can suck up all you want man. Enough of the sucking. By the way, I sent you that article. I don't want to talk to you. Thank you so much. I don't have it yet but I'm sure it's on the way. It is. You fact it. I emailed it to you. Oh you emailed it. Well why did you do that dummy? Because I just got the link and I emailed it to what people do. No it's not what people do in the middle of a radio show. See people may do that. I don't know a printer here. I'm on my laptop. Yeah. Well you don't have to get like all's truly about a nom and just calm down a little bit. The kids like to help you know and they'll get to see it. Yeah just like I got them all I've food in here in a ball and the price of a $0.00. Oh gee well it was from a sponsor. You know like he's going to be cheesy about the name and a shoe size. Like it should have been some hot young chick about 22 years old. Come in your start naked. Oh you know at least spreading along the Florida. Give them all the food and then a little extra bonus too. Well his girlfriend was nice. But you know really. That's tough to do. Torne has a girlfriend. Oh yeah. Personal. I'm sure he does all right. Yeah he does okay. We're not talking about Troy's grandfather talking about Troy from Balance for Life. A good friend of ours and a really good buddy of Josh is now. Is it good? Okay I'm clicking on this story now. Oh gee here comes a black screen. That's not a good sign when it comes up with a black screen. Look here it is. I got it. Ha ha ha ha ha. And I'm pretty good out right now. Thanks Josh. Oh we better cry. I better cross this one off the list. One moment please. Okay let's see. And they're not a sponsor so we can read this right. And they never will be. And this will make sure that. Although I understand that. After we do the list tomorrow places that are closed. Berkeley's going to be cold calling all the names on the list. That's what I just heard. Ha ha ha ha. There's a cold cut. All the businesses that are no longer open. As fact says, puppernick's reopen on Sheridan Street by the old Delhi Then site. It's awful until the. All the coffers. It says. Oh I thought that was wolfies. Remember on when we were a passion. They were like one day was wolfies. The next day was puppernick. Then I say was remember then. Right. The Delhi. What? Now that was a great. How can we don't put the Delhi. Then on there. In fact I'm crossing out puppernick. And I'm going right now. The Delhi. That was great. It was a sponsor. And I knew one guy. They wanted to not commit suicide. They wanted to kill the ones I like. They had brains out. Here's that story that Josh Curtis just so graciously has sent. There it is. 17 year old high school journalist on a student they didn't explain. It's just what army recruiters are looking for. But he suspected they might be lowering their standards. You've got to search for a soldier of CBS news in for affiliate KCNC. See. I wanted to see how far the army would go during awarding it. One more soldier. I wanted to see how far the army would go during awarding it. So he showed up at a golden Colorado recruiting office saying he was a dropout. No problem the recruiter said. And told me to explain in a phone call he recorded. To create a fake diploma from an army system school. It can be like, they killed back to school or something. Whatever you choose a recruiter said, whatever you make up. So much swing went online. Got a phony grade transcript and a diploma with an aim of the school. The recruiter suggested and turned it in. I was shocked. I'm sitting there looking at a poster that says, integrity on her respect and he's telling me to lie in which Wayne said. See, first it's the voice guy. So next into the US army. Then the high school senior told the recruiter. I have a problem with drugs. I just can't kick the habit. Just marijuana. Recruiter suggested purchasing a detox kid. The two times I had the guys used it. It's worked both times. We didn't have to wear anything the recruiter said. And Swayne had a friend take a video as another recruiter. Sergeant Tom Pickle took him to buy the so-called detox kid. Oh, there's another page to this. Josh. It's continued on page two. And I already, I still got it on there. How do you like that? Not that your government or any government agency would lie to you. You don't understand that of course. Not that they're desperate because nobody in there right my wants to sign up to go and be made a human sacrifice of these days. Let's say continued on page two. Okay. As Paul Harvey would say, page two. And I went and he would say, on page two he'd say, good dog. Or bad dog, whatever. All right, here it is. Here's the rest of it. Here's the rest of the story. See how that all kind of like fits in. The rest of the story. Well, why I'm waiting to print that out. Your favorites have thought of business that you no longer that no longer exist. So far I got the famous, the toast, your steak house. Most of these are restaurants. The studio, Villadelli, Jordan Marsh, Junears, Gethani, at Junears, Prince Hamlet, Turf Pub, Rocky Gracianis, that's a biscuit 130, 50, like a Burton Jacks, pick a lowest playboard club. Wolfies and the Deli's in. That's a good start for the Marlesa Lestine. Yeah. Should we put Jeffersons on there? There are people that dropped Jeffersons. I had a Jefferson credit card. So could have been all bad, right? Right. But that's how you had a credit card. It was over and then also a Jordan Marsh. How do we get Ronnie points for saying how great places are there in no longer business? So anyway, here's the rest of the story. Salind your confunded sergeant pickle with a phone conversation. David and Swain said he had before they went to the store on tape. Sergeant pickle. When you said about the one problem you had, what does it consist of? Much Swain, marijuana, pickle. Oh, okay. So nothing major? Next Swain. Yeah, he said it would take me down to get that. He would take me down to get that stuff. I have no idea what it is. So we have to show me is that a problem pickle, no, not at all. Mean the detox kit. Sergeant pickle quickly before it was to disappear. Lieutenant Colonel Jeffy Brodur, I wonder if he's getting a Marten Brodur who has army recruiting for the Colorado region and not the family recruiters. Let me tell you something, sir. I'm a soldier at Minnesota for 20 years, Brodur is said this violates trust. It violates its integrity. It violates honor. It violates duty. The two soldiers involved have already been suspended from recruiting duties. They could face anything from a letter for a referendum of court martial if they're not cleared by the investigation. How do you like that? Or just a little pot? Oh, there's Mark Trill again in this family that keeps showing that shot. We're going to let cover him in some pot. And here's the grandson in the background again. Hey, listen, everybody's a celebrity for about 10 seconds. Okay? So that's what I said. Just like Linda, what's your name? And her kid Linda Tripp. I thought you were going to say Linda Loveless. Get that guy in there. I'm going to loveless. We'd love to. And if anybody see that movie, don't. It could be the worst part of the movie ever made. It was certainly right in there. It was bottom five, bottom of the barrel. Yeah. I mean, really. And I would imagine now whatever, you know, I'm sure it's on DVD. But even there is a DVD of a tape of a old 35 millimeter flick, you know what I'm saying? Right. It's probably really grainy and all the line. Well, it's a good because it probably blocks out Harry Reems quite a bit. They digitally remastered that you'll see all the hair on his back. Ah, geez. Stay good with that. I bet you know somebody who liked that. Who? A pure nurse that had before a nationwide audience on the NBC today shows, spoke hand-mear, Jim West. A few fairies. I'm a homo. Said that he will not resign after he was out of this a homo-sexual that he voted against the gay rights bills and legislature because that's what his conservative district wanted. Right. Hippocrite. Tony. I think of a rush. I think of Ms. Dryge. I think again in guck of all of these people. I think of Bob Balman from Maryland who was paying 15 year old kids for sex, boys. And then advisory vote last night just hours after West TV appearance, these full-cancini Council voted unanimously to action to resign. They said, you're fairie. The 55 year old mayor can be removed from office only by recall. A group of residents began circulating in recall petition. Members of the group did not immediately come and a West appearance on the today's show. My male and e-mails were running 21 in favor of me not resigning West. And his first public interview since the allegations were raised nearly May. You should not run out for civil allegations because then you could run anybody out of office. West has been under fire since May 5 when the spokesman reviewed newspaper report allegations that he sexually molested two teenage boys when he was a sheriff deputy. The in a voice got leader in late 70s early 80s. West has vehemently denied those allegations. The newspaper also reported that West told gay online chat rooms and offered city jobs and other perched young men he met there. All those gay chat rooms man. Maybe he would have ran into mischamele they're always certainly much to hold for her. The FBI has launched an inquiry into whether he committed criminal acts with those offers. The city has supported a commission to determine whether he violated the policies against misuse of computers. West has acknowledged he was a closet and home-o and has called himself the victim of a brutal outing. All we can say that that is you're fairie. I did have an amendment relationship with both man and women West said yesterday talking about the period after his marriage ended nine years ago. I'm not going to go into my private life on national TV or psychoanalyzed myself. He'd be saying. West who was in New York on his way to attend a conference today in tomorrow in Tampa. Told to day show host Matt Lauer that he wasn't being hypocritical when he opposed gay rights bills during two decades as he were a public and legislator. What if he knows Charlie Krister, Miss Mark Foley? I voted to represent my legislative district in the legislature. I was not an advocate of West said he probably did read the advocate though. I was not a leader of the charge or in any of those cases. Every representative and every senator from my district voted the way I voted. West said he doubts he would have voted differently, he had he not been closeted. I'm a conservative. I'm not a closet liberal pretending to be a conservative West said. What's wrong with somebody having an alternate alternative sexual orientation being a conservative? I think they can. I'm sure that Alice rents over to Grey. Hey Alice, you fair, West predicted he'll be excited by the FBI and city investigations. Too bad gay and your Hoover isn't around to get him off the whole time sick. Maybe you can go to what's his name. Mark, whatever his name is. What's his name? The FBI guy. They're going to deep throat. Oh, tell. Is it? I haven't misused my office for personal gain. He said I welcome those investigations because I believe they will clear me. I wonder if what's your name used to a personal office for personal gain? Can't he? Will it all tell you what it's like to let it live? He told Lauer he expects more allegations to surface his political enemies. Pile on. In other words, when he's really saying is you guys ain't scratched the surface yet. So, scratched this. Hey, by the way. Too fair. 113 at 5.60. WKM, we got more Howard David at Pellon Long. He told me that. I mispronounced my mispronounced. He was right. Jim, my manager, the mad dog at four, and then in Marlon stuff. Marlon's in Pittsburgh, where it's been really lots of tourists in Pittsburgh. We don't know what that's all about. My name is guys come back in a town next home saying you've got to do an investigation find out what the, what the hexies were the pirates. Yeah, I'll find out or not. Yo, oh my god. Oh, oh my god. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You have a part. What the hell's a minor honey? I think I like your cry. You sound like you're crying. I think you're not my avian. You've been kidnapped again. I have to fight aliens. You've been kidnapped by aliens. Where did I dump you? I'm going to kill you. I'll be cursed. I'll be cursed. Did I didn't murder you? I didn't. Where did you go? Where? I'll be cursed. Yes, I was in Georgia. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to me. I want to get married. I really do. I was kicked out by aliens. I'm not a lazy person. I think I'm short here. I get short here. I get short here. You don't. The aliens are short here. Oh, you say short here. You mean a lot. Ryan, see. Creshure. A little longer. A little longer like Fabio. A little longer like Fabio. I don't think it's your turn. I don't think so. I'm going to take you. I'm going to take you. Where are you? Can I take you? I'm going to set the level. I've never loved. Yes. Could you get me a slurpee? What? Slurpee. What? What? Slurpee. What? I don't think I'm going to blubber. I just think I'm not going to take you. I think it's your turn. I think it's your turn. All right. I'll get it myself. You really been kidnapped honey? I mean, I'm going to use the blue man. Aliens got the blue man. Yeah. Like a Chevy man. No. Did it for it? No. What kind of man is that? What? Did it got to be that? Did they do anything to you? Did they prove you? No. So give me a shot. I'm not coming. I'm not standing at the center of life. You don't want to burn the day. No. What? No. But I forgive you. I don't care. You come home. I'm done with a mushy. I'm done with a mushy. I'm done with a mushy. I'm done with a mushy. Oh, really? That's fine. Come on, baby. 20. 21. QM. Swift-fax isn't says for the pull about the place that you missed badly for tomorrow, against six flies at Lannis. This is how you used to love to go down the real high slide with the straight-down drop and get a big wedgie. And that cute. All right. Got six flies at Lannis? Well, I'm not sure you're not making a pull. I am. Right. And also I got a couple more. All right. I'm being biscuit and candle club, which I'm sure our close personal friend can all then would agree with that. Well, it was with a days man at biscuit, here comes the bunny and there goes and highly apart. I mean, it's still there, but it's in the goodness, right? But I think they're qualified. Highly, look at it. Who'd a flamingo is? Beautiful, highly apart. High-score and John Bernetti, you loser you. Cliff also says, I know it was yesterday's pull, but the biggest half-floor sports stiff is Reggie Roby. Can't get any stiffer than Reggie. That's bad. That's really bad. He is probably pretty stiff though at this point. He was a good player though, good kicker, good punter. Right, Josh? Yes, he was. Reggie Roby was great. And now he's dead. Damn, he was like, what? 43, 44 something like that? Yeah, he was sad all about what kind of a life is that? 570, 560. Let's get about 400 calls in here before we run out of time because it's just really zippin' along today, isn't it? No, no, no. That's because all that technical hiding is going on before the show today. I was rattles. We got off on the wrong foot. WDQAM, hello. Yes, sir. We're grateful about the local KSNO. The local KSNO is... Please. Today the distrolled stop you're out of nowhere. No, no, no, no. Right up, no. Well, we got this segment to lazy, so you might as well just blow a big fat one right out your bro behind. Why is this? That sounds like it's a May 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, Verizon and SIGIRAWISLINE. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. You know, they keep talking about the 16 or 1700 dead, but that ain't the true figure, because the certain percentage of your wounded will die. Yeah. We know why don't you talk about that? Say, you're not supposed to be talking about any of this, sir. You're on American. Okay, I'll be back to the collage. Okay. Nine of course we definitely don't talk about the over 100,000 Iraqis, because we're there too. We're liberating them and post democracy on them, but they want to not. A twerth. Let's see. Here's one. Did you see the poll of the worst anchors? Number three. Rick Sanchez. See what? What poll? I don't know. He tells what poll you saw that on. Oh, this is a, uh, Pete DeVordab. I don't see. I mean, usually he's a little bit very missed. I mean, he says the guy is still dead and send pig rest to lie. Well, that's great. Well, that's great. Well, we'll pull the worst anchors on what? Pete. He said that. Pete DeVordab resolves this with himself. He just, you know, he can't see the force for the trees. How has been before? Has old EFO done? Remember I him lately? Don't see anything. Her five six seven. Five six. The pound five six. It kind of a time when that previous caller we dumped. And pound five six. He had a Verizon ticket arrived at Slides. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Page for the poll. How about the collection plate? I like that. And think about a half a second to think about it. Good choice. Extra. I'll pray for you, my son. The collection plate. What a rip off that. Well, I got to pay those all for all those lawsuits. You got to understand that. That's all those, uh, monoconies and cheese. There's no fact in the turf. Well, we know that, but nevertheless. Five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty. Verizon singular wireless lines. W two way in. Hello. I like Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. I got, um, there was three skateboard parks. She poured you at the A solid surf and skateboard. Evan. Remember those? Were you around back then? Never heard of them. Mom, I'm not a lot of a skateboard. I've only my spare time. Oakland Park had solid surf over afeling a varr. Boulevard. And Cyprus said skateboard Evan. And skateboard, you would say, was in between sterling and share it. And on 95. Oh, be damned. Oh, OK. Well, thanks a lot, pal. And, uh, grow up already. I have no ride. Love all of the lot, man. What about Paris world? What about Paris world? What about Paris world? What you've done before? You know it. Because there was a day or long gone. I've got an album full of pictures of me there. What about a monkey, jungle? It's still there. It's still there. I'm in Perch armrest, still there. I've only moved it. It moved it. Look at the double still there. I'll be there and a bit less. Huh, why you been there? Well not a couple years, but still there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, are we doing our guess we're doing both now? We're like kind of like easing into tomorrow's. Right, we're overlapping. We're like doing a little over-flop. WM, hello. WM, we're resting still. We're resting on the left. Are we still going to the restaurant pull what pull is in? We're talking about restaurant. Restaurant? We're talking about restaurants. More restaurants we're talking about. Are you mean like companies? Yeah. No. 5, 6, 7, it wasn't a restaurant pull. It's at all a little that's a big part of it. It's a favorite sound photo business that no longer resists. Most of which these on here were restaurants. Okay. But the guys like so were squirrely in, so was decided with say, slowly in squirrely. Wouldn't you? The fact is the same property. Like surely. WM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. The best thing in Paris, for us, was the steeple chase. Yeah. It's finally like some metal stage dedicated that we're holding up in the horses body or something like that. I don't know. Hmm. But listen, I'm calling for another reason. Uh, so. Are you allowed to talk about doctors? Absolutely not. No? About one. About doctor, the she worked. The head. The head, the the the freighter named after the secretary of state for president push. And we love it. I'm not a car about kind of leesolize. Why not? You don't want to stop on the station. You can say it is obscene, but the ICO final spots kind of leesa. What about that bitch? Well, listen, they should go to this website. How much will you test for her? She can be here for a lot of day off for this organization in the American state. And so, both has just oriented or you know, just directed it for her and check it on on www.affa2005.org. And it's basically how the drawing of her. She's the international dominatrix. Kind of lazy rice and it has a nice feature where all hold up. Good. And you know, the aligning part of this is, you know, that they're pushing the American and every government they're elected like America as of lead. The patch five years during the Bush administration. He just like poisoned. Right. All continent in Latin America. You know, even as good friend Vissa, I mean, that was his claim to fame and Texas with the Julio is was his close relationship with the city fox in Mexico. And now they hear us like poison too. How do you like that? And the guy is going to be elected next year. Or rather, it's he just like poison. Yeah. He's like poison. I will grade. I'll go back to your pal and say how to kind of leave. Please. Do we hit that bit your way? Why do I speak to the dominatrix? What's her story? She got a husband? Boyfriend? No. She ever seen one. No. I'm telling you man, this self-haten factory is going to really let's see. Or here's some more for tomorrow from Rick. I wonder if Rick knows Kanchita Louise. Kanchita Louise used to be a news broad from W.S. I'm Kanchita Louise used to say just like that. Just like, look at how good Kanchita Louise. A lot of people do that. I don't know. There's two in the ass because they know that it works. Zayers, J.M. Fields and masters. Now what that was masters? Got they? Is that like a Dutch store or Dutch cigar? Dutch masters? So you're loving it. He's a little pretty good for an old Italian guy. He said he was speaking to the city in Sicilian. Sicilian. I actually, him and Tom do it. They had this deal going and he thought he didn't take the deal. And we didn't be true, man either. W.S. Who am, hello? It does question me project. It's time pop on us. There you go. Pop of P.E. In fact, honey or 30 ought to be good. Make sure you take enough of him to get the job done. 567, hope 60, pound five, 60 and a Verizon and singular wireless line. Maybe he and Rush could get together. And what's your name from Treasure Island? Stephanie. There you go. They can all pop. I don't have one hell of a wild pop in time. That line is top and QA and hello. Can you? Yes sir. I'll just do an internet and about one, that's a couple of days or one, 30 is stopped working. They cut it off? I don't know what's going on. Including today? Yeah. Four kind of communist butcher crap is ass. What? No. The second day in a row? Yeah. Well, I'm ready to told us, man, where are you? I'm in the west coast or four miles. I'm in four miles though. I'm so sorry. Well, I do love it and I was hoping maybe you guys knew something. I didn't know. Thank you. That has job paddling. We'll work out. We're having some technical difficulties last day or two, but you know, that's us. We're planning over here. We'll put our head to the grindstone. Thanks sir. Thanks. I'm good luck to you. Let me go over there. He's in four miles. You know what's how embarrassed he was that he was in four miles? Yeah. You're probably not there by your own three wheel. You're probably like a prisoner. You're probably being kept there under the rest. I understand. But it really is kind of sad. Those people live on the west coast of Florida. And some of them would actually say, oh, we love it here. It's paradise. You know, it's like some of the people in Dave Broward and Palm Beach would say, It's like, oh, don't do it. I don't get at it. Would have nonsense. Okay. nonsense. And fact, I already took this thing off of there. The erater looks really menacing. I don't want to get to nervous or panicky like that. But like it. It's already almost too a clock. If you need to leave work at five. I've even now. Just tell the boss, hey, screw you. It's the weather's going to be really in climate. And it's going to be pouring cats and dogs. And I'm out of here. That's all right. Right. What's wrong with that? In fact, if I was you guys, I'd be out of there at the ten seconds after two. Just like I'm going to be. You know, I'd be out there immediately if not sooner. Now let's see. The number today was 13. I don't want to do like a countdown in the air. Wouldn't it be tacky like I'm, yeah. That's bad. But I will tomorrow will be 12. Tomorrow will be like the dirty dozen. What's wrong with that? The countdown today is till that next vacation. At last we've got to hold a summer schedule. Start. Then the summer schedule starts then you really get to have some fun. You got George all the time. Like three days a week. I'll be here Tuesday and Thursday during the summer's usual. Just because they want to keep me, you know, and if I'll keep me in the loop. Right. Right. In addition to which if I didn't have to do the Tuesday and Thursday, then I probably would be full of some spend of ton of money and go over to Europe again. And start traveling around and waste all of that money. Yeah, you wouldn't want to do that. Right. Whereas now if I stay here like Monday, Wednesday and Friday, I can just stay right here and go out to wood by no one would lose all that money instead. Right. Right. But it's a lot safer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You might have to make congratulations to my friend Ian Framelitz. I saw your $30 horse went on the TV last night. Nice going Randy. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No. Ian Framelitz, he's a big fan of the show. He's a horse owner. I'd worry about. Ian Framelitz, good Jewish boy. Just bought a horse and one last night popped him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. These sounds like he had mush in his mouth as something. Well, it was like a new technique. Is that like a new language? Maybe he's a linguist. Somebody to QAN, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. One of the greatest things that's ever been in Florida that's not here anymore. Yes. Spring break. Yeah, I can't like how to smatter him back with your right. The real spring break. The real spring break. I'm talking early in. Amen. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. Bye. See. And what's the effort in the button that died? What's the name? He was such a good guy. He just died a few months ago. I don't know. From the button on the beach in Florida today. Do you know what I'm talking about? You don't know where I'm talking about? No. He owned once a pot of time. He owned the button on the beach. He was like the poster child for spring break in Florida today. You better get with it, Mr. But it comes to sports. We need the assoori. We got it. Sports, that'll be so bad. We'll get it. Fair number one. Damn it. Nothing to least heard world. We'll be exploded. So dumb at people go with the gas that we sold him. First time a grisher nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Or get about the rear. The new fair no-sumata. We're right. We're really, really little learn-over to our heads. That a rock has some. Mepers of fastest stretchers. 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten. But exploidum it's dead. Hey, there's oil to be dotted. So an after-sum time to play Kato-sama. There's no longer mentioned up. There's name in lava. But no it seems concerned all. Humphrey and complacist. Believe in every word of this cartel-in-place station. That controls us by fear through the enemy. Nebulae, she may not know. Right wing is dreaming it over and over into our heads. That a rock has some. Weapons of fastest stretchers. The last civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ash-drop is saying I have nothing to hide. Table-talkers all are saying. Blime-no-billion cattle don't have any reservations. Now we're provoked that a land. We're the Nile-Mixers. Older-sum's must-ball. And now the virgin is known. With no objection at all. Get the crackdown out the balls and the outright. We're dreaming it over and over into our brain. Watched it. Who I rack has some. Weapons of fastest stretchers. The older-sum's must-ball. The older-sum's must-ball. You'll find us more confusing. I guess the audio-drops out there for about two seconds. The world is fucked. Am I right? Maybe he had to run a button or something or a drum? Really? Really? Well, it dropped out here for about two seconds. I was in the Ethereum standard taking a leak at the time. Can I say I take a f***? And all of a sudden I hear like Den Air for about two seconds. But it's a bit unreal. Now, it reminded me of that thing in the gunfire. The reason is that I'm on my brother coming out of that... It would just his... Any say say what I'm saying? Right. Kind of like Den. Anyway, it all worked out just fine. And the mold mice used to come up now. Bye-bye!