Vatican right exactly we went with no job bad yeah oh we did do a hell of a job as we must add some fantastic carpeting there in the Vatican because he swept all of that Peter file stuff under the carpet again nice job they must have a lot of it well keep using that body wash is great i like to do one two well the real best team if i ever see if i ever see a bar of soap anywhere near my shower man i'm gonna like raise keen their bans or bans or bans or bans or my house okay sweet i have a great day take care you too i'll pick up a pair of shower tongues that you can manipulate to soap with no i don't want them in a hurry or the soap at least to get it into the go oh no i seriously just take a there's some clean extra piece of a water turler paper and you grab that thing and it out he even yeah you go fa fa no i was grossed out when i saw that and or why would anybody need to like open up a thing of soap when there's like six different not i mean you name it i got the aroma therapy once you talk about it i got the nicest saying i was uh... apricot with uh... body wash there's like mix and match whatever you like okay whatever you like you know i'm gonna get it as separate bottle and pour the uh... body wash into it bottle with a pump soap is out okay i hate to break the news to you soap is out it's passing through it a way ten fifty seven a q a m how come that didn't work i give up by the work and the wrong line how about that happened that must be an act of god because i didn't touch not what comes to us with a you're the uh... you're far away you'll find six two god he started out of regular guy who joined the directorie and made the ultimate sacrifice in racing celebrating father to amen boy father of two oh he was happy to get to he got more by some cattle jail then the bad again they everyone else and he did not go to jail father of two amen but only food you're right all they to where they can you break if it was you if it was me and but who but also i i only i i i i i have two holes i have two holes i have two holes i have two holes the team they use is average age was 14 and a half also say oral sex is less risky more common more separable for the age group than intercourse the researchers surveyed 580 ethnically diverse perverse ninth graders in two californian public schools girls and boys reported similar experiences and opinions about oral sex which surprised the studies lead author body helper and felture associate professor pediatrics at the University of California San Francisco i think this stereotype don't exist as much anymore she said girls and boys both see oral sex is not being a big deal it's said it went so i'm going on an online for we don't want to get too deeply into that do we not only present club and under which here we live and operate i'll say that five six seven let's see we can get some causes good as the ones in the first hour okay i think there were a bunch of a first three alter boys calling that first hour five six seven over five sixty why they first because of the pope and there no more to lend them a helping hand five sixty only for rising singular wireless lines hello i'm kind of nervous but yeah nevertheless i know uh... seventy q i can't hello morning yes sir good morning when is the morning yes i'm uh... is it the new one show yes i was i had uh... we had to be a like a pizza thing going on yeah there was last week two weeks ago well you mentioned my restaurant this is Sarah's pizza right we're still here and we're still going to do in the favorite pizza hundred and twenty six and one i want it i did twenty five he's the best right we're still there we still got that that post-page repeat that we make for him excellent we'll listen have a season pason you're too i'll go to pay so i'm okay and i'm okay and don't forget happy to show both to okay give the pope a kiss and away out to can't hear oh my god exactly okay see i think he said christmas also something like that well that was great uh... well that's good no serious pizza that was good stuff never i would be i think they brought some bite of co-shop season it very thin every now and in and it was co-sured and have all that trade stuff on it like there with a meat and cheese ooh you'll definitely rotten hell of a trade pizza that's what Gary sciences so anyway Greg has been out at the uh... had another inquisition to find out who said those facts is different outside of building from pdlany well they say they've been a part of the story uh... maybe what's the give them a cash reward mark eyes and bird no that cramps yeah remember they said nice things about but it was being sarcastic and to understand just trying to stir the pot okay come to qa m hello feed the baby i'm hungry come to qa m hello the allow you back you got a good as jackson's on uh... law solif and the only way that didn't get any votes on your cash and i'd you question okay and what you're talking what wasn't that to what how we get back into this again i was two weeks ago all of a sudden i would say i'm not going anywhere for food how do you like that i'm not going into anybody's house but thanks to my friend can help her from uh... national level for picking me up and to take me back next week and all that to the report but i'm not going to your house for dinner and don't take it personal not going anybody her house for dinner i'm not going to restaurants i'm not doing these things just like i was starting to feel like almost human and look uh... you know right but uh... little he made what the ball to guys uh... you know no seriously i mean i'm not going to get the stuff that will not be a back you got to go here look i saw the hump right around saturday if they afforded their be i watched that with great dismay and you remember that song june is vusting out all over well that's what kept the running through my mind you know eating all of these restaurants and just shoveling down all these big meals that is not the way to survive and stay alive just as my good friend fat rich hotel i'm by the way didn't go to his funeral either i never i never saw him uh... death notice on a bit you're in a night i've never made it of course i didn't go looking but i did i went for days and days in the didn't see it i kept looking under uh... rich lack of what's i could look under fat rich from the urology show couldn't find a thing that of his name so i've got to q i am hello you know why did you get busted for drugs and yeah yeah w q i am hello a deal to catch up for some mass car racist weekend no i was great water race baby okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty i want to both in your eyes for now you'd like me to go to the uh... information jesus w q a m hello hi i need a job okay yeah you need one all right you need a half job is what you need w q a m hello yes uh... and a mobile what is it and on a mobile your son like and air and how you doing there and yeah good uh... i'd like to talk to me you're speaking to him you're speaking to him air and i'd like to speak to you he does he doesn't know yes he's just being a schmuck yes okay you're an idiot here and thank you okay five six and i was at those our last call five six seven five six did i get to my pile here stuff but good no i i'm not good while i'm here i don't want to go through all of this stuff more fun to like you know be in touch with these people or distance start touching from a safe distance can't you tell one of the sub-pad news about jerry phall while he's getting a better so it's a bad david here's a fact when i was trapped in camp here to a few of our years i was told that if we were good at when we die we go to heaven and we will be made whole again for example if you're one of the many get your missing leg back in heaven so they'd use get their for good use get their for skin pack good question that's a good question is all i will work on it let's say pola idea uh... what move that uh... let's go move it your most looking forward to this year No. How do we know that? How do we know we're looking at the wall that says, suck. Right. When does that one come out? Oh, you know? Finding Neverland. See you didn't watch it at all because I wanted a review. I watched a little bits and pieces when Johnny Depp was on his screen. Of course he is just like they're looking at him. But then I didn't put out his headset. I know. I'll check it out on KF. It did look too interesting. WDKAM. Hello. Although Ruben Sierra was in it. Yes, sir. I got one thing to say about how he rose. How he rose. How he rose. You tell me. I have no idea. WDKAM. Hello. Pretty good. How he rose. How would it do if he was going to kick your ass? No. Oh, this guy forgot about that fight. Oh, yeah, it's right. The big bra's coming at 155 this afternoon right out in the corner of Ivoryn 441. Right in front of Chuck Svesger. It should wait till tomorrow so I can bring my camera. WDKAM. WDKAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to vote if the poll is yours. Yeah, the poll is yours. That's the poll. You know, you know, the disrespected this audience show is hear the holy father right. Just passed away. You can't even turn on the food channel. Now it's the expressions on the Pope the dish and the Pope ate that and the Pope his voices. That's all easy. And exactly. And look at that. We're drowning in a sea of papari is what we're doing. Let's get going. Yeah, drowning in a sea of papari. And don't smell too good. I'll give it to you right now. Just madness. And again, this goes to show you. If the dolly lommel would have cropped would we had like five minutes coverage on it? No, if the chief rabbi the headmashkiya for whatever they call them over there in Jerusalem if he would have cropped would they have like two seconds on him? No, if Robert's in die we had like ten minutes on that and it would have been too much It went Jerry Falwell croaks. We'd hopefully be very soon. We'll have like ten minutes on that But the Pope man the whole world was supposed to like boost that what is the Swiss guard and he perdi huh? And they have makeup on did you see that? No, no, I didn't they have makeup on like clowns in circus. You know, I mean that kind of makeup like rusion mascara and little lipstick Oh my god Holy moly W2AM hello. Yeah, hey good afternoon Neil good evening. I'm sorry Yeah, I'd justify for rare visit for a few days and this is the welcome. I get this is this is the your material is what you got This is what you's got of course. We are following guilty We want to apologize again for a squeaky be on for Hank this morning It was an absolute emergency our intermediate management for people say it'll hopefully never have it again At least not while I'm around. Oh not in no. Oh brother and you see what we're getting now Let's blame him for it For me this anticipating That's right. That's it by the way. Mo knows he knows man We just kicked ass and Friday with that big trend. We had solid and the more you don't have rock solid on here That's what you don't have okay. I'm making it oh man. What? They remember bells in our 39 rock solid no wonder I don't feel I'm a little You know, you know, it's here. Huh? Is it in here? Yeah rock solid. There it is a little bit louder right now Tool free one triple eight for a three loan That's one a day eight for a three loan at the main man's team put you into mortgage admit you need avoid going to the wrongland Or maybe being turned down because you call the wrong number call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage today One triple eight for a three loan That's one eight eight eight four eight three loan and don't forget every time they close alone A portion is donated to kids in distress So why would you want to call anybody also avoid the bait and swish call the main man Anthony Kelly and do two day toll free one Don't fall So they're getting away A cloud of leaving kids alone Do do's hitting the fan and wrong, but they say we've been good They say we never do the They just deny and say no They say we never do the 11 18 you know how difficult would it be for muff or clearance or both to go to the morning Wrecking crew in there the board option say it'll an a hangst last break is over there like at 56 and 957 open at pot all the way open I just a little crack, you know not Excellent, that's what you sounded like this I mean why not because they can't hear a damn thing anyway because they just crack in it a little bit They got a little crack problem there and a more how difficult before right you should live so long He never stole a free train 107. I couldn't give a shipment about 98 he preached bigotry and ignorance 83 which of course is the correct answer as close as they'll come to letting anybody say anything like that They'll say well he was a little bit too socially conservative Yeah, about once every six hours they'll let somebody sneak one of those lines in there and other than that It's all just falling and carrying on as if the whole world is Interesting this much against keys over there. I just some amazing or they'll mention it like it was a good day Well, you know, he stopped to his guns with a lot of controversial issue. Yeah, right? He preached bigotry and ignorance 83. That's the right answer He was the a was a decent you know, I suppose to end decent 76 and he was a snappy dresser 41 out of the first 504 9-boat Here's the fact that says this goes to show you the kind of irreverent factions We got out there as a veteran of 13 years of Catholic education I have to say you're coming out on the church being a cult is absolutely correct sir. We had that on here We had that either do it just a little bit of a lecture Huh? Oh For their crucifix on the end. I'm not saying a word WQAM hello The channel you can okay, WQAM hello Maybe soon to anything WQAM hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, sir. You you guys are so correct I mean so much can be said about the church I just limited to this when the Nazis were stealing all those Great works of art during the Nazi regime the regime was the church was buying it for penny from the dollar Mm-hmm behind everybody's back. Yeah. Okay. That's just one just one thing for four for information out there and For business though to be talking this stuff. It's very bad for business It's like that just like all those top-blasters out there. They swept that under their good because it was bad for business and costing them a fortune Yes, sir, and there was almost nothing else on the higher though I see and Jimmy totally missed the point and that is I'm sure that there are many many many other important things going on The world for example oil prices have just reached an all-time high at fifty-eight dollars a barrel People are paying two and a half to three dollars and more for a gallon of gas and there are people dying over in Iraq like crazy Including more of a weekend and I would think that a lot of people would even just one I would if they won and find out what's happening in the world She'd have a little bit of a choice as opposed to this non-stop feeding else you're to be the one everybody would watch If the ABC let's say doesn't show it then you might leave them and go watch it Somebody else and guide for great. That's right God forbid I wonder if God's gonna be pissed off. I'm gonna be worshiping American. I don't tonight. Oh, a damn you better cut that out man You're gonna be burning the hell pretty soon Brimstone and hellfire. I can smell it Rick who's another chronic factor says Let's not forget the dark ages 800 years of no technological advances who knows how advanced Pope was a little chubby there before all or he'd lost a lot of weight Recent day well, yeah, that hospital diet does it have a normal macaroni and cheese WDQAM hello Well, family who gives a crap about the world family like a stuff in idiotic brits God support man. I want to avenge of the nerds and the end of my movie got cut off for the Pope Oh my God, I would tune in that work for that I'd soon for alienation of effect all of politics they're going on now between the Pope's inner circle who want to hang on to Nationally to power they got their real it's you know it's like yeah a battle between the five families You know a slot fight right I think the new pope will be chosen in Palermo and Cecilia is what they're gonna really make the pick What are you talking about like a draft and Sicily man? That's where they sit around in a smoke field Roman and they're blown a smoke to that's right wouldn't be putting there was like throwing bowels or something Jesus Christ Biggest person now Big black old He's favorite show used to be what the Rama he used to watch with his chip and Islam Like the Danny review to roll I put the blame on his great father Joe Walking around ever and in his PJs putting the children in the Jesus to hear me Wilds part of that was But I didn't even apologize wow that is really weird you are the truth truth you are true Wow anyway, we're gonna have our big brawl out there on 441 We're gonna be selling tickets here to about 1145 which is right now The yells gonna be out of street corner selling tickets gonna be around and have a big raffle play a little bingo there And under the Pope don't forget gambling is evil unless it's church bingo then it's okay Because the money's going to the right thing to pay off all them lawsuits by the way speaking of lazy people and fat people Wait till you're this Agile TV is aiming to change away people watch TV with a voice control television control remote unit remote contract Voice control sure you may have to well-flick it The prompt it remote is designed to replace a conventional remote control includes a talk button and a built-in microphone Together with an infrared receiver used in conjunction with the existing cable box The remote control translates spoken commands in the speech features that are sent to the receiver and then to a small One-time application in the set top box the actual voice recognition is performed at the cable head-on and on Commodity PC based Linux system pardon 258 remember we read that article. Yeah, right your congressman right that's right right your congressman Say we're pretty pissed off and fired up and we want to hear QAM and we're hearing this I know a spaghetti in glazed crap which we already got more than enough of that in this market WQAM hello Terry who WQAM hello QAM Hello Yes, sir, see I know there was somebody good there. Here's me. Do you remember when the Pope came to Miami way back in English? Sure Greg V. No was he was am I modifying and Whatever he's doing moderating You remember what happened? Yeah, do you remember what happened that day when you guys were on the air number how number when lightning hit your Transmitter and then not you guys off the end most have been an actor God, you know I think You said at the time and then send it again at least I'm consistent. Hey, we love you man. Okay. Have a great life It's it and I think Jim Brosmer was on top of that then Greg B. That was the moderator in a yeah really Instic it that doesn't surprise me no no don't this day because especially now We got the God squad and we actually I think what we're gonna have is a big war Between the fundamentals Christians the Bible thumping board against and the Catholic church to Catholics Great they've been doing it for years like you know and Ireland other voices but colluding right now No, they're not there they're at war for they they want the they want to take a hold of the reins But pie yeah, they want to hold pie. They're like the Indians they're not satisfied with their slice They want to hold pie with her without paparoni pie without papi-roony WQAM hello Please This guy this Pope this guy the same crowd Like with Reagan who was great they said he was great. Yeah, of course he was I mean this guy the Pope He presided over all the priests molesting army's boys Yeah, but he is ever you know I know forgetting even two free passes still Yeah, he would give more if he should be still cuz I mean what was his last act was boys to everybody I don't know get out of jail Oh Pope John Paul is gone. I just read He'd been hanging on by a friend When they found him in bed They all the Catholics said they all said I They said I They beaten I'm Friday, even in the York she's still listening to you. She was riding on and on about WDSF leading up to the Iraq invasion and while talking about colon pals, lame attempt to give into the UN about Sodom's weapons program, she not once but twice three times referred to the aluminum tube. How do you like that? I'm not saying it's doing the tube. tube. tube. Sadly, radio and audio still have an actual audience thanks to the internet, so it's the one for a lot of them. I'm sure W is proud about that. And also Jim and wherever he is, that fact's truly was very upset. He's listening to his MP3 player right now though. I'm to crack it up and crank it out. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the whole space ability tube. Who know what's true? Well, we're going to ask what we've earned from the shadow case. There's a whole list of like 8000 things on a fast machine. 560, these calls are swell man. This is what I came back to town for a week of this. This is the best. I'm telling it is. This is good as a guess. That's the problem. Well, yes. Welcome back to the set pool that is my last. This pool is the world man. This is it. Two quick stories. One last week. I'm in the car with my girlfriend and you're about to sign off and you break the news with the the fake. Number two. You never run over while you're at it. Number two, you did the you've always talked about fish food. So I go to the supermarket last week and I buy too small. I don't know. Pines. That stuff is like crack. Neil. Yeah. That's right. I ate one. The other was in the freezer and I passed it by every day. And I'm going to eat it. No, I'm not going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. No, I'm not going to eat it. Just eat it. Oh, I got. I got. Just eat it. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I come Jimmy Suffle. Oh, he sounds like a fairy. Well, I probably call him up and ask you fairy. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the horizon and singular wilder sign. What are you laughing at? Never gave it a thought. Really. Well, why? Give me syphilis. I don't want to get into that. Okay. He is whatever he is. I'm going to have a wife and I don't know what the deal is. And I don't care. He's an okay guy. Kind of boring, but he's an okay guy. WQAM. Hello. Okay. And you know, you're going to be a treasure item as well? No. Are you? Come on, man. Yeah. Are you? Yeah, man. Okay. You're going to be a kiss on a lip. 560, pound 560 on the wildest thing. They can have two birds. They won't know. Hey, what color color are you driving today? How many QAM? Hello. A video. Yes, sir. How that the Pope died, you know, and they was Polish. And all these things came up and everybody is coming with a Polish jokes. Actually, I want to say that a Polish has very sporty force. Do you know that they invented a toilet seat? Really? Did you know that? Yeah. And then they showed that to the Hungarian. They caught a hole on it. Have a nice day. That's older than he is. That's older than the fuselage. older than toilets. Wow. That's older than John Krapher. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Here's a ghost. Did you have a frog? Oh, I'm a ghost. Oh, sir. Come on. I wanted to know where he was going. Oh, so I thought boy this morning. What is walking stick? And he said, be sure and tell them about theile mattress. I said, okay, that's good idea. Nobody said something like that. Yeah. How about listening? He saw the stories about PD Lenny and about Skippy, uh, kind of computer. Well, whatever. See, these sales people here, they think that we care about those. I mean, PD Lenny is a different story. He's a different breed. Kind of like a half-breed. He looks like. But, uh, Skippy, I mean, he don't even exist as far. Oh, it's their garden. What is it? There's like he's like a non-factor. Anyway, dial a mattress is a big factor for him because if your mattress is lumping, you want to get you a great new one. All you do is make one easy call to 1 800 mattress. That's all it takes. And when you call 1 800 mattress, you'll find out that dial a mattress is got the most liberal exchange policy. So there's no risk. 1 800 mattress is got more repeat customers than in repayments or interest until 2006. Call dial a mattress today. Tool free for all the details. 1 800 mattress. You're as truly George Miguel Mo, fat boy, all of folks here at QM, satisfied customers and you will be too. Call them right now or log onto their website, mattress.com for the best possible sleep you can ever have. 1 800, M-A-T-T-R-E-S. When it comes to a entertainment, it makes real life your deal by for some things. What's with your five-stable? The bad day to quit snipping glue. Coming up tonight, uninside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They gave us an introspective music that made us see exactly how sucky things were in 1985. They were the Smiths. So can we start the interview? I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I do these things all the time and I mean you're more a see right? Yes, the guy from the Smiths? Yes, I've had a solo career for many years now. Dude, I thought you were dead. I thought you killed yourself for sure. I didn't come on. You were so damn depressing. How could you not kill yourself? You had to at least warn it to kill yourself. The thing's saying some other whiny, no whole thing which went in here just a full main look. I did no man. It's just so unfair. It's just not right that you are alive. What was that song about your girlfriend? Girlfriend in a coma. Yeah, girlfriend in a coma. Oh damn, dude, when I heard that one, I wanted to slip my wrist. That's enough. One and no, from your feel sorry for me, lips. And I wanted to take a header into a refreshing machine. Hearing you sing, made me want to lay myself down in front of a hammer. Your music made me pray that a freaking serial killer would grab me and skin me alive, hanging me from a mezo until I slowly fled to death. Whatever I heard you, what's not to have. I don't need this. Dude, what did I say? What we're not doing the interview now? God, you're so depressing. The Smiths. Another reason it's a miracle we survived the 80s. It's a big juicy stopping went look at show business tonight. Uninside about that. See, they ought to make it come back because the roll out of coma would be giant now. Right? Yeah. See everything is timing. Everything in life is timing folks. Should have thought of that. So probably 18 to 5, 16, would you QA and we got Moe 2. We got the mad dog of Foe. What's not to like? Here's a facts from Mark and Helen. The Beach. Helen, the Beach. That's not to like. He says, Hey Neil and George, heard the Old Testament will be read at the Pope's funeral. You think they'll read the chapters regarding mass murder as a result of the alleged great flood. The killing of men and women and children who were sacrificed to appease God, the condoning of slavery, the stoning of adulterers, women only of course, in fantasize, part of side, a patracy, brother killing brother, Kain and Abel, self abuse, pluck out that eye, sex remodulation, many cutting out their testicles. Let's prove to God of their devotion and on and on. Great book, huh? The good book, baby. Also my wife and fellow atheist grew up in South America. At the age of 14, she figured out the Catholic Church was about two things, power and money. Absolutely. Her local and loving church responded by attempting to make her live life miserable. Fortunately, she had a strong family with the back to the decisions they out of that house of hate. How do you know, thanks again, Philly? For filling in for George. No problem, Mark. Price is right. Now Miguel just brought in and this is still in its original wrapping. Still taped up. So where did he get this? Oh, I think that's one of our giveaways, oh, I see. Certainly nobody here bought it. Finding Neverland. And now you found it. Would Johnny Depp, Kate Winslet, and by the way, he's a pretty odd cheese. Yeah, Julie, Christie, and Dustin Hoffman. In fact, I guess of the whole bunch. And there he is. Best picture of the year says the National Board review. I got it in my hand right now. Now, do I take it home and watch it? Do I take it back with me to T.O. and watch this? Am I a high definition? Well, we'll find out. I don't really enough about what it gets some reviews. Award winners Johnny Depp, Kate Winslet, Dustin Hoffman, Julie Christie, started this magical tale about one of the world's greatest, greatest storytellers, and the people who inspired his masterwork Peter Pan. Well known playwright James M. Barry, that finds his career across roads when his latest play Flops. And he, and Dauer's question is future. Then by Chancy meets a widow Winslet and her four adventurous boys. Together, they former friendship that I met, the imagination needed to produce a Barry's greatest work. And in chatting big screen two with a claim cast of stars, finding Neverland has been hailed as one of the year's best motion pictures. Yes, somebody hailed it. Who Michael Jackson? I don't. Maybe he likes those boys. Now, seriously, I mean finding Neverland. I mean talk about the high-nightest level tacky right now. Yeah, well, things are going right now. What did you see what I'm saying? I know catch my drift. Coincid Got it. Anyway, I'm still thinking, you know, girl, I'm a coma. Bring it back. Which would have thought of that sitter. 567. 0560 pound 560 out of Verizon, singular wireless lines. A marginal response here today at best, I would say. By the way, we're praying for the Humper to be back tomorrow. That was really great. The Rosaries letter. That way, I'm rubbing my Rosary Beats. Very hard. York, there's been 14 years of his life here and I Chris blow it out to your ass. Chris Matthews there on the MSNBC and no wonder we know what he watches that crap. How many QAM? How long? I don't damn. I'm preaching the media. Yeah, I'm preaching the media. I'm with you, Pally. I'm preaching all of them. But you're grave robbing lunatics on and on and on and on in a feeding frenzy. The Holy Father. He ate my Holy Father. He ate my on Holy Father. My Father was on Holy enough. Thanks to WQAM, hello. Back at you, Ben. WQAM, hello. Neil, yes sir. Ben, but time was only as 30. Yeah, well here. Here you go. Here's your big chance. I listen to you every morning at work and I love you, my new I am a wonderful show. Yes, you are. I give you good. I don't know how you put up with someone. But you get called. I got sweaty, got man. I don't know what to think about. There's a whole whole thing then. It's first it's hairy and else both. God, what else are they going to do? Don't think about it. Don't you think about it? What is he small potatoes? Yeah, hopefully maybe what is next? Hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully. Okay, thanks. What do you say? Who's next? Right. 567. 0560. What do you say? I don't think that's what he said. I'll tell you during the break. Oh, oh, I know I see him. He's mumbling. I know. I'm glad you were able to hear it. Oh, that's how we did. Oh, I'm glad you were there. Oh, I'm glad you were there. Oh, I'm glad you were there. Oh, I got the sentiment. Right. Oh, nice. Very nice. Okay, don't call us again. Okay, keep listening. We're glad you enjoyed, but you're like a little bit like that. Okay, a little slow. How many QAM? Hello. What the two guys here? WQAM. Hello. Oh, folks. No, no, no, no. WQAM. WQAM. Okay. What do you know? Just right. Just the guy's voice. Correct me. WQAM. Hello. Something like buford. Like Edwin. Edwin. Most of Edwin. Yeah. QAM. Four. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I like that a bit you did for, you know, trying to get cherry elected and stuff. And then a couple summers ago when penalists was, you know, trying to get that metro real true. Yeah. But I think what we should really be worried about is not all these dead old crap has well, but the guys who got over and Iraq and Afghanistan that are getting blown up. Who are they? I don't know if there's anything going on over there. Party. All your stuff. All your stuff. And that's to be drivers that don't stay should hand out body bags with the gas station. So these people can think about what they're doing our fathers, sons, and daughters over there. How do you grab robbers driving him gas sucking SUV's, George? We're going to give you a body bag in a way out of here today. Don't blame me. 90 bells got one ready for y'all ready. Nothing to do with money. 90 bells got one ready. Okay, body bag. Your name's on it. He told me. WQAM. Hello. I know. To go to me. Think and to crew. I know. I have no idea why I was on the soapy day. Yeah, right. Disgusting. Grow a test. Go wash out your mouth with body wash. In fact, don't go wash out your mouth with soap. I'll do something useful for you. There you go. I got no bar. Take a bite. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. It was going on, man. How you doing, pal? Sir, the man. All right, take this time. Let me ask you questions. You ever watched South Park? No. No. Okay. Well, you missed this week. I know I'm hoping to George. I know George. George, I see. Everyone I really just heard about. Sure, I see. They made Kenney. They're the little guy I always thought. I said the tips. Stop. Right? And they made both show on him. They made the whole show on him. Right? And how he is always trapped inside the inside the body. And why was it? Why was it all on back and forth? Right? It was probably probably one of the best. Probably one of the top three episodes. And my applause. I keep going to the fourth episode. Yeah. Yeah, you might want to check that out. So you can get it downloaded or something you would enjoy. I'm going to load a little kid. Thanks. Don't forget. You go to hell and you die. 560, 560, pound 560 on a Verizon singular ride of the line. Don't watch South Park. I love it. But you're partners in their general congregation when they get together. They have the responsibility for this. Look at those outfits. Baby, look at those robes. Those flowing expensive robes. And the big expensive all the jewelry and the roses. And all the getchies there, my God. Look at this. And there are people are starving. Right? People are starving. Or slipper with their last pesos to put it on the plate. It's so obvious. My God. All the money crapped it. Right. But what? Don't even consider the property they own. The bank account. I don't forget about that. And they had a mortgage. A lot of stuff to pay all those pennied in the ass of childbirth and families. Oh, and look at the Swiss guard. How much do you think those outfits cost? A British guard outfits man. A pretty pretty. A pretty pretty penny for a pretty pretty guy. And a pretty Swiss guard man. Party man. Oh, but they do. Look at that. And then don't forget those. One of they call those minors. One of those things they got minors, muffers. What the heck? No, the big, the things that they're carrying there. It was big swords. Oh, I don't know how many things. Whatever. The whole arms. No, seriously. What do they, they must have a name for all that stuff. They got more equipment man. Even even a baseball team don't have as much equipment as the church. Good. Golly Miss Molly. This father, William and Steve. The remains are not the person. So we're not at the right. Let's get the soul. Okay. Let's get the soul in the Pope. Is what I'm saying. Play a little Marvin Gaye. Play a little Motown. 26 past noon. This is just it's beyond work. And by the way, it's going to happen again. And again. And again. We mean by that. Well, they never lived forever. These Pope. So they always have to be the same. They never. The skinny is to pick somebody older this time. Because they weren't happy. But he got in there fairly young. And so he was in there always wanted to lie. They don't want anybody in there that long. They want to get anybody too firmly and trenched. More frequent turnover. Right. They want to get in there too. You know, maybe they should sell. Like when down low. They all had all the politicians in his pocket. They don't like that. They want to be able to put different people in there every now and different folks. Hey, the M.O.C.S. is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by the Get Restaurant Review. And now every night, you can enjoy craft fast. The Turingeliskin Snow crab legs, Golden crab, Jonas Stone crabs and crab cakes. The menu still includes a course hot thunginess crab fresh oysters on a half shell. And a sushi bar with over 30 different items. 30. Not 30 man. That's there. In addition, the animal coast has got handcar prime rib. And from their flaming New York grill, New York six cooked the order too. Top off. You didn't want to deserve it. The unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain and hand if your own things in there. Your own strawberries, marshmallows, other decked and treats as well. And don't forget you don't walk at the animal coast with an M.S.D. Headache because they don't use any M.S.D. You know, cornstarch, no crab they cook only with the best ingredients. Proof for healthy living, including cholesterol, free canola or as well. So take the whole gang real soon to one animal coast relocations. You'll find them in sunrise, sunny house beach, Pembroke Pines for the M.O.C.S.C.L. 9.5457238229545723822. Just about every street corner now's got emulators, but they're ain't nothing like The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. When it comes to sports, we are the assoring. Spore for you five-si-si. Get away from here. Skechting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'd go there day, go in by. I'm seeing all these foods inside. You strike the taste of beer and a wait in. And I'm warning you to do the truth. I don't say it. You many fun with this fruit and a racing hormone. See you on the spring break. There's a deep hole that chance to have a one-time same. I do anything. Maybe throw right now at home. Now I know you may have fun and spurred if they don't got a three-world flat For I do anything. Maybe check right now we'll do it. And I got five of me. I got the key to get in my hotel room. Thanks for tuning in with us. I'm number 82. We're going to get a thousand most today. All right. This is here or not. How can we come in to get in those acenaccal books in our environment? Oh, he'll be in. That's right. There's no food. Can't do anything in this studio anyway. It's got to be done in there. Remember, can't this city definitely get in? He'll be in her Wednesday when the food comes in from a fritz in France. I didn't order anything for him. Well, why not? Because he said something. We know what to be here in charge. During showtime. Well, why not? He'll come in if you tell him tomorrow or whenever he's going to be right. He'll come in for a safe and a brat. No. Not one of mine or not. 782 votes. What do you take on Pope John Paul II? A humongous response in why not? It's wall to wall, Pope. That nine visits here during the course of his pay to see. Why? Anyway, he was a great man. 206. Are you ready for that? Yeah. Well, he was a great man. He never stole a freight train. 150. I couldn't give a shmit about him. 143. He was decent. You know, okay. He was, you know, come see. Come saw. 115. He creates a bigotry and ignorance. 112. See the correct answers. Wait down. And he was a snappy dresser for 56, although with small feet. Right. Tone sandals. Skinny, thin, funky sandals. Right. When you look at the outfits, when you look at all these, getchkeys, run around with these bigots and robes, all this stuff. And you, you're just not see it again. It goes back to the brainwashing. What is that? What does that have to do with religion? What does that have to do with belief? What does that have to do with living your life? What would anything? Well, if you were to serve it, I've got, would you dress that well? See, that's one thing about the Mormons. Okay. You know, I mean, yes, snappy dressers. I've got the magic underwear. But they got the white shirts in the tie. And they, you know, very neat. Sure. They're like alienate people. Alienate people? How about just kill some people? Yeah. Yeah. It's just very good at that. They were their funny clothes under the way. Exactly. So they're not like god in ostentatious like this thing. Like this display that's going on right now. Nausey eating. WKOM. Hello. Yes. I speak to them. I know. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Listen. I guess I was watching the news. And the Johnny cock and few was up so wedently. Why the text so low? You're very somebody. Well, I got Terry Shibba tomorrow. And then we got Johnny cock and went in and a popuz on Thursday. See, so we don't want to do more than one a day. Do you think, O.J. make an appearance at the funeral? I sure hope so. In fact, I hope he's in the box next to Johnny. Yeah, I would like to see L.A.P.D. Finally take them out at the funeral. That would be great. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. Maybe Mark's for me. They're off his affirmant. What do you say? Mark. Not too late, baby. X marks the spot. Why don't you see that's not in here is it? See, officer for me. Do you have any? You have to this. I got a well. I got him. I know. They all got Steve Nichols name on him too. Yeah. And it's funny because when you open up those, this case is the make a funny sound. WQAM. Hello. They reduced their pulse. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Roger. How about your friend? Roger. Roger? Yeah. What does that mean? Roger's. Do I have a first name? You call people by their last name? You some kind of an insulin smuck? Some people call them by their last name? No, they don't. Not a mischore. That's a real obnoxious. Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger. Mr. Neil Roger's. Are you doing? Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Are you doing? Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Are you doing? Mr. Roger's. Mr. Roger's. Oh, everything is clear. What? There are two things we have to do for you. Mr. Roger's. You're saying, sir. Well, I think for a lot of people. I'm sorry. Nobody else is complaining. No? Oh, come on. Complained about what? I just should maybe, you know, defending people for me. I don't have to say anything. Unless you're torturing as toast, you're going to offend somebody. I don't want to talk about offending people. I give my opinions. That's what they're paying me to do. Is it giving my opinions? Okay. That's my opinion. Dangerous, that's right, dangerous. How many people are dead today because of all his craft that he preached about the night using condoms for example for sex? How many people are dead? Well, I don't have the answer to that. Well, I mean, when you think a lot, you have to have an I'm not asking for a specific number. How about thousands? How about hundreds of thousands? How about maybe millions? Just an effort to find out. Yeah, sure. That's just one of the most recent, you know, the power. You know, I tend to, I was also an inch glitch, but why are you glossing by what I, you asked me to name you one thing and I just did, in fact, that somebody who's responsible for millions of dead people, plus the fact that they're all these, like I said before in Latin America, and other places in the world, all these starving desperate people because of overpopulation, because of failing to use birth control, stone age crap is what he preached. Why don't you admit that? No, I can't admit that. He did too much, too much good for it. And what do you disagree with that? I just got to be saying good, did he do? No, I'm forgetting about that. I want to know what, what, I just said that you disagree with that's wrong. Oh, he had his convictions, honestly, he's a, that isn't response to what I just got through saying. I'm not talking about his convictions. I said he preached stone age mentality and caused a lot of misery and suffering. Now is that correct? No, no, he preached, he preached for the needy preached for the poor. He preached a lot of, I want you to respond to what I just said. Okay, I don't agree. You asked the inquestion, I don't agree. Yeah. No, you already agreed about the, about the condoms. You already agreed on that. You just can't give me a number. Oh, wow. Oh, wow, wow. See this is what you're dealing with, man. You've got a bunch of brain wash jackasses out there, no matter what they need to, look t mufe to his new Caitendavuton tomorrow on Friday. to power us overlooking him on magnificent Man, I got a boumla boumla boumla boumla look, I just said. Oh, that was, that was just gut wrenching that call. But I'm tired of hearing that. He was like, do you do so much good would you, did so much good? And well, what? Were you like, charging business top because he's got so much chauffeuroustics? pedophile scandal. I was good right in a lot of money. Did he open up any of the church coffers and feeds some poor people? Women in the church to be a priest? No. No. All the. I mean, what? What would have been good about that? Oh, that's right. That's bad. Because it was all written by men. It's a organization of men. It's a man's organization and the women can shut their to subsidize it and show their tangible support and put some money into play and be sheep like everybody else and get slapped on a wrist by the sisters and whatever else they want to put up with. And that's it. Shut up and keep your play. Shut up. The Bible says you're not leaving a lot of speak and church. That is correct. You couldn't have allowed that. And otherwise, it can go to Israel and go to the wailing wall and the orthodoxy or stoans in. So that's your choice, okay? That's what he's to go around. Do you want to buy their poison? That's right. Or you can be a Muslim. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. And then they cover up on their burcas. That's right. Don't be a jerk. Have a vote on them. Birka's man. Cover up your face and your head and put on the shawl and act like you're some kind of like some human creature because you're a woman. You're a clean. You know, we know that. Oh, unclean. What? Well, that's why it had to be a virgin. Virtue. One of those virgin birds. And by the way, before Jesus there was a holder, all these stories went on for every universe. All these virgin birds. That was part and parts of all religions is that it had to start with a virgin birth. It was an act of God. Hey, if you're looking for the only freeze forgetty dinner in all of South Florida, but it had to pump it apart tonight. That's right. And of course, don't forget bring your own glass. What? No, I bet you'll give you a glass. You know, the beverages and dessert are extra, but they'll give you a glass for your teeth. That's right. Folks, it's the last freeze forgetty dinner for these season of Pompano Park and don't miss it for anything for the world. All you have to do is come out to Pompano Park tonight. Purchase a Pompano Park program and you'll get a freeze forgetting dinner on the fourth floor players room. It's that easy for a free meal. FRE can you relate to that? But you can. Especially if you're at win more or one of them joins. That's not all folks tonight's the final Monday night for a remitt Pompano Park. And if Pompano is near favorite, then I'll up to the sixth floor top of the park restaurant for their $2 for $25 a Monday madness than their special. Two full course meals for just 25 bucks. Just a half mile from both I and I be five in the turn five Pompano Park features free admission and free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the Polk room after night is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Polkers starts at noon goes on the midnight and live racing gets underway. Now they're 725 PM including tonight. And don't forget every Wednesday night to track his dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs popcorn large pretzels all of that good stuff. You know it's supposed to be Pompano Park in a course time al casting every day seven nights a week. Pompano Park racing in Polk where blocks out of the landing board bar and power line road for the curr racing schedule nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go online and check it out at Pompano Park dot com. Don't forget the last freeze forgetting dinner night of the season tonight at Pompano Park. Frечение Require I'm calling me, driving me a lot just to add me some scent notes today. I find it highly insulting at the Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper. How dare you all be so insulting to us? It's a Christmas season and you represent an assipose. You can get this as stupid, it was hastal and it shouldn't have been done. I wonder if this was something to do with the Judaism, whether we could say well or say anti-Semitic, it's racism, so it shouldn't be done. But the Catholics can be kicked around like this. No bloggers is an insult. How dare you people do this? You could take down on the apologies, you think so. I just had an ear in the newspaper to all of us. Right, like whenever all those yamakers on the show on Wamy, all those rabbis, all those Jewish yamakers, that was a Jewish thing, honey, of course that calls older than the Tuzla. And anyway, here's the fact that says from Charles, these facts, I think somebody's late. They are coming from our friends across the street. That's okay. Come to something to do. By the way, we kicked your ass. Great time. You ain't seen nothing yet. Once we dropped off that week, January that was like, you know, as we were changing gears again. For Maddie Bell and Gregory's 80th format change in the year. You'll say, you're going to kick their smelly ass, although they got a guy show in the afternoon. That's what Duff told me, is he said, oh, they're doing a guy show. I said, how would you know? You're fairy. Anyway, here's the fact he knows about guys. I would just say that. It says Mr. Rogers, I dare you to read this on the year as a sign of your reading, select an email. Well, first of all, we don't do any emails. It's a fact. There is a lot to say. There was not that much difference between listening to Goldie on the year this morning. Listen to Hank. Goldie sounds like a five year old. And Hank said, there's no he's drunk or just got out of bed. Hank can't speak either. Charles. Yeah, so what's your point? So revolutionary. There's a big difference. We like Hank. I like that. A lot. I held a lot. And Hank said a big following out there, okay? And what's wrong with here? And somebody sounds a little impo here. They're very impo here. As opposed to that sound. See, that's what's objectionable. That's what we can't send it. Shrew. Oh, wow. Wow. He knows that I'm black. Oh, he's a little impo. Oh, it's bigger than that. So I'm in business class, of course, coming back yesterday morning. And in business class, they're not one. Although the one couple there kid was real quiet. They had two, two little kids. Now, one was like I would say four. And the other one was like maybe about two. Okay. Little boys. Four year old was well behavior. The two of course was like not, right? Or maybe less than two. It's a tough age. Now, let me say this to you. Okay. Crying. I can handle crying babies. It's annoying. Crying. I can handle. But little kids don't cry. The screen. She's screaming. It's screaming. They're demands. No, not just screaming for the hell of it. I'm not even screaming. Just screaming. Now, I've got some screamers in my life. You're fair. But this was just over the top too much, even for me, right? Enough of the screaming. Take your little pocket kids. Go back in coach. Go into cargo somewhere and get out of our face. Some of us are spinning a lot. I'm going to use it up there in business class or first class. We don't want to hear that crap. Okay. I'm going to throw a way. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Bill. Yes, sir. And then there. There's no. No, no, no, no, no, no. What is it? You're a fester, a fester, a fester. For a second. You know what? What do you mean by your mouth, man? Or not. I'm not frustrated. The guys in those robes up there. The ones you're thinking about. They're probably not either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6. They're probably getting plenty of action. 5, 6, 6. I'm the Verizon and singular wireless line. Come in QAM. Oh, not there. Look at this. We've got come down to a purchase. You know, I think we just liked that day when I talked about what was it that I've lost. It always the air. Oh, yeah. Find out the window. Now you've gone too far near the U of Lost Touch. What the audience, man. You've gone too far. I'm going to tell you once again. Okay. If there's one program on the U in this country where people are going to give their opinion or their point of view, which doesn't just go goose stepping along with a mainstream. Whether it's about help present day, whether it's about the Holy Father, whatever it is, this is going to be the one. That's it. You don't like it. Bye-bye. Take a hike. Enjoy it while it lies. Jim says. Yeah. Like Jim says, orders eight minute other child to Jim. Finally like. Return on the rush. Okay. That Pilpop and hypocritical piece of crap. Turn that on. Not the run. And here we're kind of garbage. He's spooned today. Have a good time with us. Or turn on Bill O'Roy and see how he has brewed him. WQAM. Hello. My Howard. WQAM. Hello. Speaking. Oh, no. Hi. Little time listener. You know why the Pope died, right? Yeah, we know. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How did you do to get the message doing a cool? Good one. Your people, man. Your people. No, your people. And by the way, that's why that pulls away this. Here's Paul and the cable says. Did you know? You know why Frank. This is great. Please, sir. It says, you know why Frank Purdue died right now. Because God wanted some ticket to go with his vegetable. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Woo. Heavy duty. Nice gone. Mister, whatever you name was in the cables. Wasn't him? Paul. Nice going. It's falling. Hey, Paul. We won't see him no more. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's take 10 million calls. Oil hits a new record today. New record high. High. 58 dollars a barrel. How do you like that? As Pope, I signal that we discuss a second output. We're trying to call the markets relentless rally as Shell and Exxon. All these grave robbers are reporting record profits. Record profits, of course. There's a take a genius to figure out if they make it record profits. Somebody is raping you. Somebody is ripping you off at the pump. You're pumping it more and enjoying it less. They call it crude all right. There's a good reason for it. Hey, listen, you know, it's cheap. Put a lot of paid to and after you bucks a gallon for gas. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, fine. WQAM Hello. OK. verify. I'm sorry. Feeling sorry? It's not any good.น Marketing. Pretty sûr. 0 to scan. OK. Let's do the happens. OK. OK. Two Neil yes sir. The fairy. By the way, the biggest mitochondria. You're fair. All right. They're in a Vatican man. So, we'll be as close as it. That's all about. Make no mistake about it. W.K.A.M. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You mean, favor play Vatican RAD? I do that sir. Can I play? You talk about disrespectful while they're bearing the holy father. And you want us to play the freaking Vatican RAD at the horrible stuff first. You get down on your knees. That's good. And Tyler R.R. The reason why you're in headwind. Great respect. It's a great time. Sign up for the Vatican RAD. Sign up for the Vatican RAD. To whatever steps you want it, you have clear them with the Montes. Everybody says on Kiri A.L.A.S. Onto an aligning an RAD. Here. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Sue is a prostitute, stop it everything Fight cupscares. I.L black god, devil! A rights-state globence. The devil has shaped hisünde. I.L-cottlet black I think it's fair we should all be involved in voting for a new Pope like the Pope idol if we go for a American Idol, I have to put an air title the Pope idol and we'll stretch it out for weeks and then we'll all both smoke at the end George buys All right George a hook you up. How's that? That's right with the host right Could be a lot of smoke blood in fact isn't that especially the church is blowing smoke sure no one does it like these guys Right I could say something about altered boys there, but again, I better not not not now Joyce move along right 560560 and what is this Carl bird a Bernstein a Woodward and Bernstein? Oh, he's the author of his holiness. He's trying to pedal his book. I not fostered by the church not fostered you it But Carl Bernstein What is that all about I don't understand it all you gotta explain it to me. I don't want to find out 1256 in QA and then by the way Case you mentioned Terry Shabo still ain't saying much What a contest for A spontaneous little of each little I wish was granted and I'm sure gonna miss listening to the new Rogers favorite and balanced one the two Is some of it You'd probably wondered why gasoline is three dollars a gallon although the expert say there's really no shortage and Maybe you've also wondered why when the price of oil goes up your local station raises gasoline prices immediately But when the price of oil goes down it takes forever for those gas prices to drop and Maybe you've also wondered why the price of gas is at an all-time high even though we expect billions of dollars and thousands of lives to make a rock our bitch Well now there's an oil company that tells you the truth We're April fuels at April fuels. We're not afraid to tell you there's really no oil shortage In fact half of our wells are shut down and we got refineries running at less than half their capacity Why so we can charge more of course at April fuels We don't care if our stations are colorful and well-lighted because you're gonna pay whatever we charge At April fuels we believe in the law of supply and demand we've got the supply So we make the demands The next time the president told you we have to invade a Middle Eastern country or drill under endangered wildlife Anational part it's because of us April fuels of the vision of show-run oil You're fair 101 at five sixty WQM model. I'm a Howard David whatever his name is coming along in two in the Mad Dog at four and then after that well Now as far as a rack is concerned speaking of that it's interesting that One of the few years I would agree with a pope on it was he was vehemently against the war in Iraq Your rack attack right he was right on that spoke of it often and we hear almost nothing about that all these Many trade-in words that are being spoken now nonstop on every American news out Including even the discovery channel is just incredible even on TV land It's just everywhere and they say nothing no because that's just But it's just don't fit in with the plan right now Because the question they are rising of America. You know has this deficit for moments so that the pope I mean that's all a part of it And then we can convert all those people back over to like a you know whatever Separate your bush Well, she's smuggled in that religion in a kind of real That out. Yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon and singular wireless lines St Peter's Basilica. Let's go. What are you saying and be the manager mind your man to food is fantastic Wow during this time a shuffle cook special. By the way What struck you about it? What was to me about it was first the numbers are really overwhelming just oh it's just overwhelming I'm overwhelmed by right now. I'm overcome with the emotion W to Q a m hello George is a fairy W Q a m hello W Q a m hello Q a m hello Yes, sir 567. Oh 567 that was a good quad actor. I want to yeah pound five 60 All the horizon and singular wireless line. They're all there all gathered around and sweet water right now holding hands rubbing each other's beads W Q a m hello Yes, sir In his travels once he went to Nikara go during the Sunday history gene and You know even people's respect him and he's speech, you know he's gonna criticize the contrast you know the Terrorist murderers hide by the CIA. What did he do that? What he For a anari talked and he mentioned he started to criticize the revolution and all the crafts started to whistle and boo him and all and he turned to be the Holy Father. Oh, yeah, they pulled the Holy Father Holy Father turned beat red, you know, it didn't know how to handle that because whenever he went Spreading his nose It's very astonishing. It's supposed to everybody's a listening story. You know all this moronic Faithful grad listening, but this one didn't know what to do with them finally he grabbed a microphone and yelled into it Silencio Now that's been in one anymore of that because he had enough silencio during the Somos regime and If the army wasn't there to safely would have been shimmed right there and that would never been something This the only only Humanity of people in Africa would still be alive today for all the people. Oh, yeah, that's a listen. He's Tony's bullshit about Okay 560 5060 pound five 60 a neighbor rising and singing the rosa even of course He can't speak the truth. Okay. Make don't mistake about it. This is America. You cannot speak the truth What's your take on Pope John Paul the tooth and we want the truth 880 things both look at a thousand like Paul off a log today. How do you like that easy? What a phenomenal response? And of course that's because I'm such a heartless cool bastard. How could you say these because they're true? Into a side chapel at the Basilica and then prepared oh and I haven't seen an outfit like that now look at look at the array of outfits there The gold lamai. Oh, it's like some out of fuel. Oh, I love it. Yeah, look at that And then there's the switch guard over there and then of course these nice beautiful purple beanies Can you imagine the size of their closet? Can't close closet talking about it. You know it just it just gets me. I just can't imagine the average person if there is such a thing Watching all of this just not being Growed out by this display of absolute Faggarine you pretend you're not brainwatch for a yeah, just just for a moment. Set aside all the brainwashing and the fact that you're Perns did evil things and put you the you know perky old school, but just pretend that you're like a rational thinking Being in the you'll call us say what a crocker crown whatever he was just saying there's tried Like if you were walking to the street or the mall or if you opened your foot door and there There were a group of people dressed like that you you'd like to door and call 911 immediately Am I right? Yeah, there is no doubt It's the holy yeah, yeah, holy BS 560 560 pound 560 out of horizon and cigarette or relis lines WQAM hello QAM Hi WQAM hello Meal get what we pull yes sir good on my area area with Aaron. You Aaron who WQAM hello. They doing me okay Who's bringing idea with system boat is narrated Rome? Stokey's the raise there. Yeah, well, I must be pretty important They like little boat is like that. I would say that she was going somebody but we know that that's not happening 560 I'm not sure if he said doing or something it sounds like it's a doing oh He said he says she's doing somebody but what are I'm sure they like her there spill keys to rain They like boys that look like that don't they WQAM hello WQAM Yes, sir You know what the box first? 560 People are whipped up into our frenzy man as Wednesday to make that trip Yeah, I'll present anything is going over there put on a good dog and pony show first He's going to discuss with Bob Jones over at the university see if it's okay if he can go and hang out with him even Catholics You think no WQAM hello WQAM hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Neal. Yes. Where that was fast. Uh-huh Neal. I want to say something I've been listening this morning For first time in a while and I think George interject too much a bigger friend. I think George interjects too much is running your show No, it's not we're doing great. Oh please. We're kicking ass. Please no We don't hear you enough and we're much of George no no there's not go program some other show bitch We're doing great. This is a bit of a list of shows. Yeah I think you interject too much. Yeah Had you like to wake up next to a sound like that every day, huh? Yeah That's why most men are in a screwed up condition that their Wednesday is because they've been nagged all other lives Nags by their mothers then nagged by their wives and their girlfriends all of them at the same time It's just more than you can handle just ask George. Oh, that's right, but don't interject too much. Ah WQAM hello. Neal. Yes. Don't have bitch. You're just talking to shut the hell up at all the listeners I think they're complaining about all you're going on and ranting about the folks at my neural business, you know Yeah, my neural business. There you go. Thanks, you all. Oh my god. Okay. WQAM hello. Oh Hey, Neal. No. Yes. Before the folks became poke whizney a fact three step one point that is correct I'll allow it like a bitch of the jail. Yeah, to lay now. Well I guess it'll make no difference still put a little a vast difference five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the otherwise no my call Jackson trial don't tell me to put something else on the air But I didn't say in testimony from Jackson's it's less their whole a less station accusations and I said and is that interesting? They're going from the Vatican to Michael Jackson time a little station to right cause you see the way these things fit together Always told you all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. That's what the preset and if it doesn't fit Johnny Cochran's Haven't a fit What don't be laughing about for Johnny. Well, I didn't like them. I don't like professional race carb players You know everything with him was racial every damn thing like Jesse Jackson everything he could turn up A barbecue into a racial event. See what are you playing about barbecue's oh I do like my Reeves W to Q a M hello I was under his robe once oh W to you wish W to Q a M hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I believe that woman that called you I think that oh no Why are you in a psychic powers? I was just thinking it is a ten after one and I think that we've had one yet with him today Henry oh his buddy called three I know the other one but not him not him. No. Well, maybe he was busy Maybe he was busy at the right getting his white to call that's life Well, oh yeah W to Q a M hello. I won't study Rosenberg died excellent point in fact Yeah, that's an excellent poem with study Rosenberg dies We're gonna have all this Tim is going on the networks for hours and hours and hours and I don't think so Well, that'd be party nice semites. Yeah good point, paly W to Q a M hello Yes, sir, yes, yes, speaking Neil yeah, I'm listening to it 30 years. Yeah, first only pray for the vote W Q a M hello Yeah, I don't know how you do it. You like a psychiatrist will always clowns calling it That's not all baby that's the land of the beautiful like that there are Pray for me please. I need it. We'll produce a rock out for me. Okay, rub your rosary beads for me, please, please go Like that God It's just that's what's out there them as you're driving around you wonder if you who are these many Accords this call is driving and then you understand These are the people these these be the people our neighbors. Yeah, these are your neighbors these are friends and neighbors Actually saw my neighbors across the street here that I was like swapping cars with the dating We're took the old vet for a while and get the new one and I saw my neighbors a cred didn't even look at me These are the people that had he is risen oh Whoa see yeah, but flag now I'm waiting for the one to go off this as he is fallen Why for this one yeah? Well, don't you think that would be appropriate sure? Or maybe he's rising to no no you mean like maybe a cake? Well, they like a cake and he ovens That board up a little more. Yeah, yeah, and they hold on. Hmm. I don't think those people were rising in the ovens back I'd dream the day you know when Pope Pies the 12th already know. I don't think you look it in there They were for fallen Yeah, I just watched in all of these carinals in their all greeting and the meeting and the eating and I'm thinking of myself That's a cake club you wore yeah, yeah, well. I mean how how could anybody be so slow? It's not to realize that right like I said before about to old-fag get skis is what it is So they club you more versus slippers right those little hats. Oh, sorry. Yeah, and it desired an altar voice Oh, I by the way speaking of religious nuts remember the story had last week about the Pharmacies that didn't want to issue the demonstrail orders for birth control Illinois governor Rod Black the black goge of it yesterday issued an emergency rule that would require Pharmacies to accept and fill prescriptions for contraceptives without delay without time delay After a growing number of complaints nationwide with some pharmacists are refusing to dispense birth control pills in the morning after pill America is suffering from a festering from a disease a religious Furver and in just lunacy that's just sweeping the country the all new dark ages the God squad is taking over America Like Ogevich also established a toll free number that residents can call to report refusals by pharmacies turn them in turn They're ass in okay Reproductive rights groups here all the dissection the first statewide regulation address the issue We're hopeful that governors across the country will follow his leads in an instant anti-canon National president of the Naira approach or America and I'm sure that our fat ass governor will follow the way Not not He's too busy some more of those choose life bumper stickers. I mean the license thought whatever Well, I mean he couldn't get that cue back in the Terry's public so he's got to do something for the one yeah He couldn't get the old cue back in there. He tried to suit you. You're a lube tube That's right. That's what Randy says the old tube. Yeah, come on. God has cut the crabs. We're not way Well, as you've gotten that I can't imagine two five six seven oh five 60 I got a good article. I might just actually read I might read one. Ooh. I don't get me go up And then of course that business about Tampa Bay outfielder Alex Sanchez, you know nobody knows who he is even George Zona who he is even I don't know who he is You know what the steroids and he's penalized me go those who he is a 10 days suspension Not even a general manager of the Yankees last night. They asked him I've got a way that's a hot day. They got there in a broadcast. What is her name Sam Rosen's Sam on the baseball games? He doesn't know no No, she's a him cook a lot of these broads they have like on the sidelines. They're so weak And they don't even look good, but Sam something she's pretty amazed at the fox. No Sam her name is Sam Okay, but anyway, so she's asking the GM and the Yankees now is that 10 games or 10 days and he's are I don't know and then they showed they showed about by the by the 16th a steroid offense You're gonna spanking from Bud Steel again a cost of 10 bucks Yeah, but then the rules don't include amphetamines or Heroine or anything else, you know, it's like well Roids if they catch it with roids, they give you some prep agents in your home for the day. What a joke That's a deep club you moron. That's right. We're guys shower together naked 560 pound five 60 on the I think I'm getting something you're right there something in here. There always has been There's some real munginists joint well, maybe I won't be able to stay all week W to Q a m hello Yeah, it should have got old day up there. Okay good. W Q a m hello Q a m not there. What a shame. That was gonna be the real good one this hour too. W Q a m hello Yeah, I'm the great one. Yeah, the late one W Q a m hello. Hey, don't sir. Okay, sir. I was wondering You think you can maybe read us by chance the empowerment America peanut report There'll be an entry. No, no, no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon and singular wireless line Yeah, the peanut report. How about if I just read you the encyclopedia Britannica. I was at W Q a m hello New yes sir Morning this newer George or I feel it helped me out finding out if it's a bird died on Friday or not He died on a no-bought Friday, but he died. He died. He's dead. He definitely is dead. That is a don't nail. How's that? Oh, I'm gonna cry about there. Okay. Have a good cry. Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, maybe not maybe not completely dead. Maybe he was likely killed there you go. Maybe they're she's on a tube Maybe they were keeping my life with rather than real long So I can't fall in there can get a little he grew some of the hair on his chin that I yeah I got a little I had to go tea a little bit of a growth. Berkeley since he's got a growth Come into Q a m hello. Yeah, she can't tell us where it is though. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, just uh wanted to say something about the pope Sorry he's gone and Hopefully they're 50 m one because according to some Both get to Catholic church or the other about a hundred years ago The next talk is the last one and then it's the end of the world. Oh no How do you like that really the next one that's what no stir it and no stir old name is said Well, then the better get a yellow would right yeah about 15 oh In fact, maybe the cardinals can like pass them around a little but first proper 13 come any Q a m hello Yeah, yes, sir. The only good thing to Pope ever said by the way Yes, you know that guy where you had a conversation with earlier he was against the right war Yeah, remember bush went out of the for the war and then bush went over there after war to come on like you know Join me on this and he wouldn't do it So that's the only thing that I've ever agree with him being a next Catholic and you know knowing that they're all full of crap And don't forget he also said Kalonista Kalonista that was about it Never did But one another thing yet issues with remember with the priest saying I think they were saying that The man doesn't make a big of a deal about it. Yeah, that's right. They swept it out of the carpet Yeah, they did okay See yeah, and they did a very good job of that to its surfaces I mean head if I can say that briefly here a couple of months ago, but then they just swept it back under there again And now of course with all this going on and you know to say we once in a while I'll make sure about that and and they're praising him. That's the thing that's amazing to me They're praising him for confronting and tackling these sex abuse issues so strongly which occurs is ludicrous While they were schlepping him from one one the dice used to another and then of course you recall cardinal law I took about how many trips What they finally came in? Okay, the pressures to great you got to step down over a thousand reports just last years right the dog and pony right With the over the entire job like I said it would pre not ending it I'll cover it up Yeah, we're gonna have the carpet okay because it's a brotherhood of pedophiles is basically what it's all about So I tell you everybody needs a group to belong to right right That's right they make NAMLA look like a bunch of pikers at least they're close on us about it And it plus they got a good text to them status what's not to like NAMLA W You a M hello Yes, sir. I'm moving to Canada. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah, you want to move all right real fast if I go have a movement sounds like you need one And don't send us any more facts is okay. We're not interested we can't stand you In fact that's that boy. See he encourages this crap. He does yes because he thinks it's very amusing He comes modeling any again before I leave this week I'm gonna take that walking stickie isn't just stick it. It'll try to have a serious conversation We're about that. Yeah, you want to about that phenomenal I tell you something keep this in mind I don't forget this you cannot have a serious conversation with a silly person You know how you're always saying about you can't you can't say crazy people right well silly people are no better No, it was in a different way maybe they're not quite as dangerous but they're annoying the crazy You cannot have a serious conversation with a person who is perpetually a silly person You're just like that little thing in this morning about pd Lenny and his cat and about skipy I don't care about any of that or the cat all the cat did find his way back home. I don't believe it That's good. I don't believe it. Whatever cat found his way home from the Everglades The guy the neighbor takes the cat dumps it out of the middle of the Everglades and it can't find this way back to their house The pd Lenny house you believe that no although dogs have found a way out across country Green may wish constant I don't forget that with a bloody pause and all things dog came like to the door Really, I know be you know like that dog. Yes cats are Dunner than sodas man They are I know they are put into microwave for a couple of minutes. You'll see I think that's a perfect idea Just a joke or do little kids out there do not put their hand in microwave for more than men and the hand Conventional oven please right on slow cook First of all if Pd Lane's got a cat he deserves that the cat take out first of all his cat was dumping in his neighbors truck over and over again from that story I got him even brought me the story like like a girl about dad. Yeah Yeah, the cat was dumping in the guys truck and the guy finally dumped him in the Everglades Now if you wanted to do a real service you could dump Pd Lenny out there too. It had been a good idea 27 past one if five sixty w q a m when you shop for shoes manners a store that is heads and shoulders and borders above the rest Brandy shoes in pop at a beach where you'll find that unbeatable combination of fantastic prices great selection and people will give you a friendly service To make sure you get a perfect fit every time and they got the world's biggest elections and women shoes brand names to rock ports floor shine SAS Timmelons spirit naturalizer all the other top names and the chances are that whatever style you pick out your sizes on a shelf Where just life on your fat feet right away brandy's open every day the week for your Monday through Saturday 9 in the morning till 9 at night and Sundays 10 to 5 in your fine brandies at 12 90 north federal highway and pop at obese It's always worth the trip and right now is it great time to buy SA issues at brandies take 20 to 40 bucks off on all great men's and women styles The truck show all day this Wednesday and Thursday too. So be sure to get into brandies this week or do your shoe shopping online on their website Brandy shoes dot com when it comes to sports We are story Spore for you five sixty Yeah So Berkeley from our sales department just comes in with a lovely gift for your is truly from borders And I thought oh, this is neat and I started opening it up and I saw picture on the back I thought it was you read your Franklin from an angle both yeah on the back on the back page Oh, and apologies to your read through it too because believe you me and I open it and here on a fried cover presenting See ya cruise and I thought to myself I mean that is got to be she makes me look lovely and I There with anybody say no seriously she's got to be the most grotesque bitch. I have ever seen in my life But enjoy the book on the star and La Chaye don't they bevel and that lovely don't they be? Sorry, sorry context oh and there she is with Mark Anthony can't ask my motto. That's a question there, huh? Holy moly rap man Mark Anthony look at her she looked like she went to hell and died or the other way around man She looks like a guy see the cruise I wouldn't be surprised and said that for long. I know she might have something there. She had a husband you know well Maybe he didn't maybe she didn't and he didn't I Have no I mean, you know, it's not bad enough for all this stuff with the pope and now we got to get to see the cruise again today Which was the farthest thing from I agenda. I think Berkeley's trying to throw us off the scent off the trail In fact, you ever see the pope and see that together. Maybe same person, huh? Maybe that's when she disappeared. She became a pop-up because she sure had the goods now. I got a good article here Speaking of goods and that's a read it though because I see Miguel he's still hanging out in there And I have no idea why why why don't getting very angry. I think he's hiding from somebody. Oh, oh from Josh's mother meltdown Vittual and hysteria in y'all for Republicans. This is so good by Michael goenda U.S. correspondent for the age He has received death threats has been vilified by evangelical Christians right wing radio talk show host and senior Republican politicians While Terry Shival a dying in our hospice he was escorted to and for more but aren't police and his home and family have been under police guard He's been sent tens of thousands of emails many calling him a murderer and threatening him with harm Some of the local papers in Florida have been prepared to publish the most extraordinary letters about him One letter writer asked whether he was related to the Nazi mass murderer Joe's of mangola or was just a student of his George Greer is a 63-year-old judge of Florida Circuit Court the equivalent of county courts in Australia He's a conservative evangelical Christian-made committed Republican in 2000 a rule that Terry Shival who had spent ten years in what doctors or examined her said was a persistent Vegetative state following a heart attack would not have wanted to be kept alive. He ruled that her feeding tube be removed and the courtons with Florida law or a husband Michael rather than her parents was really good guardian able to make the citizens about her treatment their followed five years of court appeals against his ruling After the US Supreme Court all dismissed and two failed attempts by president George Bush's brother Fed Ash Jad the Florida Governor the past legislation overruling him when the appeal process seemed exhausted Judge Greer ordered Ms. Shival's feeding tube removed while Judge Greer had been subjected to abuse and threats into his initial ruling It wasn't until the order they feeding tube removed two weeks ago which prompted leading Republicans in Congress and President Bush to get involved in the Shival case that the vilification and death threats seriously escalated the plight of Judge Greer embattled threatened and vilified as a murderer has become a metaphor for the way of life and death of Mrs. Shival as been used by some Republicans including George Bush to assuage the party's conservative Christian evangelical base many believe it was evangelical activists who brought out the voters that delivered Mr. Bush's second term last November and Republican majority's in both houses of Congress pressured by a conservative activist senior Republicans house majority later Tom Delay and Senate leader Bill Frist decided Congress had the past legislation forcing the federal court to review Judge Greer's decision and look at giving guardianship of Mrs. Shival to her parents. What had been a private family tragedy with all the bitter family disputes and a company such tragedies became a fierce and ugly battle in America's culture wars. Most of Delay under pressure for taking questionable junkets from lobby groups and with some of his Texas staff and dated for alleged campaign finance offenses set the tone for what was to follow. He justified the extraordinary Sunday sitting in Congress to pass what he called emergency legislation to save Mrs. Shival's life by calling Judge Greer's decision an act of medical terrorism and removing off her feeding. You, murder. Del Frist a well-regarded heart specialist and potential Republican candidate in for President in 2008 said he had looked at video of Mrs. Shival and concluded he was conscious and responding to her parents. Members of Congress at the start of a two week break were called back to Washington and forced to vote on a bill. Most admitted they knew little about the Shival case. George Bush flew back from his Texas ranch to sign legislation while he didn't repeat Mr. Delay's inflammatory language and support for Mr. Delay was implicit in his dramatic return to Washington. Two weeks later, with Mrs. Shival having died and perhaps the last louder return to the private obscurity she apparently always wanted. There is going evidence that the Republican Party is split over the involvement, some say exploitation by Congress and the present of the Shival case. Polls have consistently shown that despite the radio shock-jocks and the hysteria on the Fox cable TV network, about 80% of Americans say Congress and Mr. Bush should not have gotten involved. Mr. Bush is approval rating has slumped over the past to waste falling 7.45% in the polls. And after the federal court in Florida refused to hear the Shival, re-here the Shival case rejecting three appeals by Mrs. Shival's parents for the feeding tube to be re-inserted. Many Republicans expressed concern at the way Mr. Delay's in temperate language had encouraged vitriolic attacks that just under its career that all the judges involved in the case. The split in the Republican Party is between the so-called social conservatives for whom the main issues are abortion, gay marriage and the defensive what they call Christian values and economic conservatives who want small government and belief Congress and the person have no right to involve a decision made by state courts. Writing in New York Times, former Republican Senator and former ambassador to the Wenzion Dan Ford said, Republicans have transformed our party into the political arm of conservative Christians. The elements of this transformation have included advocacy of a constitutional amendment to band gay marriage, opposition to stem cell research, and the extraordinary effort to keep Terry Shival hooked up to a feeding tube. He said, Grover Norquist, leading Republican strategist and self-described economic conservatives said, senior Republicans in Congress and Mr. Bush had misread the public on the Shival case. I think a lot of conservative leaders assumed there was broader support for saying that they wanted to have the federal government say this woman's life. He said, David Devonport, a senior fellow with the conservative Hoover institutions said the bitter retent San George's by Mr. Delay, and other Republican politicians was disturbing. The court process has worked even if it hasn't given the result that the social conservatives want. He said, for Congress's step, it is really a violation of federalism. After learning that Mrs. Shival had died, George Bush was circumsessed expecting his response, extending his condolences to her family, and urging Americans to continue to fight for a culture of life. But Mr. Delay was no less inflammatory saying Mrs. Shival's death was a moral poverty and illegal tragedy. This loss happened because her legal system did not protect the people who need protection most, and that will change. He said, the time will come for the men responsible for this to answer for their behavior. There was outrage, even among Republicans at this clear threat to the judges who were involved in the Shival case more than 30 of them, but that's unlike that it can soldier's gear. In other words, watch out when you start your car in the morning. Right, Teddy. Right. So there you go. That's America for your baby. As the lunatic, right wing, God squad has taken over. It's all over now. And all this window dressing going on today with the pope and the people running around in there. And they're beautiful. God is all just frosting on the cake for the God squad. The Holy Father. You've got a better chance of seeing a cruiser in your prayers than the Holy Father. I'll tell you there right now. It's all about Saint Seely. Saint Seely. Saint Seely. What if you'd like to do our spare time? Seely? Cruised. Oh. What's your take on Pope John Paul II who just died over the weekend? Oh my God. What are we going to do? The Holy Father? 960 votes. I thought we were a shoe in for a thousand. We still got some work to do on that. What? It'll happen. We got 40 to go. We only got 20 minutes. That's two a minute. He's a key take. Question mark. He was a great man 264. I couldn't give a Schmidt about 185. He never stole a freight train. 169. He preached bigotry and ignorance. 140. He was decent 132 and he was a snappy dresser 70. And we got 40 to go to get a file. We don't get a thousand. We got a stand on midnight. Okay. And let me tell you right now about dry concepts. I've been talking about these folks for way over 20 years and they've been doing things great for people in this market for over 26 years. Dry concepts. The only thing the name you like I said to be thinking about when it comes to cleaning your carpeting. And don't forget your carpets are as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. So called dry concepts today and sanitize your home completely. Your carpets, your furniture, your draper, your area, your rubber, your spender, or your rars, all these things. Because dry concepts will make all of them look just like brand new. And don't forget they use an exclusive patented dry cleaning method. They use a rapid cleaning technique. So your carpets are dry, dry, clean today and you can entertain them like do I have any idea what I'm saying? No. No because that among you starting to get like in my nose in my throw-in-arm realizing this is like a suicide lack. How many are you going to get? I'm going to be trying. So anyway, instead of calling anybody else and getting ripped off and don't forget that give you a written guaranteed price up front to before they start doing their fabulous job. Call my good friends a dry concept. You'll understand whether there is nobody anywhere in the universe does a job for you like they do. I'm in Coherent. In daydrow it in the palm beaches call him tol-free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, or online at dryconcepts.com. That's dryconcepts making carpets spanking clean in South for since 1979. You need your child behind by sending them off the car. I don't know that you say, man, how the sky open? What's it been, what can we say? That's the people you find. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. We're perfect to lose it to a sky open. Of course, again it's working. I'm a Giorgia of U.S. hydrocarbons. I mentioned that the new N scan experiment would go down with doubt. Stream cell research being called Giorgia in Supercellお願いします, platin McGakhanie. in telephone interviews mostly conducted before his death two thirds of the two hundred fifty four cat-licks pool said John Paul the twitled go down in history is one of the greatest ponds nothing greatest but one of the top five hundred twenty one percent of respondents had remembered is great for not among the greatest and nine percent of the surveys and John Paul would be considered a good or average book only one percent of the bill of you below average course average of a new look at the group right back in history asked about to select the next part of a third said they want to poke more liberal just four percent said about somebody more conservative like a tiller the hunt more than a half fifty nine percent said they want somebody about the same is John Paul the twit seventy eight percent said the next populate love catholic use birth control seventy eight percent aha sixty three percent said he should let priest Mary so that we don't just have this fact club going on it's not a democracy and fifty nine percent said the next populate have a less direct policy on stem cell research seven times like that scientific mumbo jumbo to me you know God's the most well as that matter of human polls fifty five percent well it seems to me the church is a little bit too interested in everybody's poll fifty five percent said the next populate woman become priest forty four percent said he should not fifty five to forty four they said the next populate women become priests blah blah blah majority of us Catholics pulled support on Paul's unwavering stance against the fashion asked whether the next populate have a less rate policy fifty nine percent said no thirty seven percent suggest and respondents whispered on the question of divorce asked whether the next point of unlike John Paul should love Catholics to divorce and we marry forty nine percent said yes forty eight percent so no see this this is what's been going on forever forever never oh we like him so much and he's so inspirational in the holy father he's like but in the meantime all a and like an Italy they don't pay attention anything they keep having elections they keep that happen having a referendum wow and divorce who all of these things and whatever he says they do the opposite overwhelmingly and that's because ninety three percent of them don't go to church good right exactly because they're on to what man see see when something is right there in your own backyard right and when you realize how the world is long been there for a long long time and when you're under their thumb and you realize how we press you are because of their attitudes in their behavior and their uh... strangle hold they have on your lives all you resent it and you don't participate and you don't support it as opposed to the you do not know in Germany where they love the people they love the Nazis right they did sure they're on the beginning they were a little bit suspect but after while at the side of the way so i do borrow a side of pretty good you know how hard is it to put your arm up in your goal how Hitler how Hitler you know like that never came from a very easy Popeye started was okay and you can't be a didn't have any problem with it Charles Lindberg thought it wasn't too bad either when he can write down what can i tell you just believe whatever they tell you on television that's all here is the religious impacted the death of the holy father she's a worldwide terrorism which is really the threat of our time let me say again the Pope was vehemently opposed to the iracatac how come we're not hearing a lot more about that how come we're not here about the fact that they'll present they was going there on Friday to put on a good dog and polo show and make his uh... obligatory appearance how come he just ignored him he's not his nose at him he gave me old uh... bopongula uh... they still do that over there right or you even though he's polish you know that he did that that's right and he probably threw one back the that's right gave me all the tattards salute even the pox can do that we got our thousand votes i believe you think we got them oh yeah thousands and peace of cake told you cake w q a m hello hey neo connect it a golden there for the pope on your big tree ignorance one yeah okay w q a m hello hey who is you and you if you let the priest marry a weats out the government hello yeah well yeah yeah hello uh... what did i just get to sing schmuck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you see when you're counseling people on marriage and on sex and all the and you're supposed to be so a bit somehow it's like it's like being a vegetarian and counseling people on great stacos and good rest of the days right and somehow it just don't fit and if you don't fit then you must equip and you follow it's w q a m hello don't interject so much by the way w q a m hello me oh yes sir you're talking about back to Maddie q a m yeah uh... when i heard the news of the focus week and i wanted to fly over to the basilica at start saying mama mama oh no oh now that's not in here is it i'll look at the steps of the uh oh no that is not in here i can't help but ignore it came from i got it i think it would also isn't here though where did you learn you say the video yeah whoever told you that you could work with men what's your hired for it's a helpless that's seen clearly to help us to help men who are going out there to try to earn a living you company man you're fairy w q a m hello a m your hory okay why did you say we could have the church i never fully understood the or i beg your pardon why did you say angry with the Catholic Church i'm not angry with the Catholic Church i'm angry with all churches and all religions i'm angry were you arrested by a preacher in your time i was not not because i wasn't here are you are you angry because you were working were you were you were you are you are you are you arrested by a child it's not like i'm here you were more i'm trying more free yeah smock paint your ball spot it's w q a m hello how good is it sorry w q a m hello yes man like drum bomb w q a m hello oh yes sir hey i thought you might enjoy a little store you like two j's right you mentioned that plays i love it i was there last night and uh well the funny thing that i heard and a restaurant for an at a oxygen tube please too thank you very much and uh the her food was coming and it timely enough fashion so i basically still aware that if he's to get the food over to just going to run out of oxygen and just plot right there on the floor get that over and you don't worry you wait no no no no no no no what is that and uh but the funny thing is she had time to sit there wait for the yet to go container and uh for the bigger some extra bread what is the bigger container right so uh can't cut her to the old parts out there i haven't like barberians in restaurants and public places uh after we saw the terry we learned our lesson somebody's going to just come up here and yank out your tube and put you out of your misery and all the rest of us too what's our idea yeah just can't cut there tube is what i'm saying that's what Randy says she says wow tube 567560 see i told you this is going to be a piece of cake tonight definitely good love and then we got Wednesday we got uh the brats and hats and right gula frots and tots right and very good well i shall have good life i'm actually like a good hungry or in互娜ian hungry do you think when you think you would be kind of sad if they didn't double your way and hello hey Neil yes sir people need us to go capture us their new quote uh uh only when he picks up on a dress code pal please please please please please again take the car always that's what's up stop stop stop tell the Making too much of a smell to fetch a pillow with us Till put gas takes take up hell and nice and got it, don't you? I think it's good that ain't showin' for it, don't be hungry But you're joking, do it, don't go now, don't wanna stop Of course, not stop Can't give it in the rest The ball is gone, don't do it Do next to pick a man The ball is gone, don't do it Things are too real, and they're gone, don't stop Still, the ball is gone, don't do it The ball is gone, don't do it The ball is gone, don't do it Don't worry I'm sitting high up, I'm sitting high up I'm sitting high down, I'm sitting high up That's all I'm standing high up You're here! What I'm hearing. Or is that just a bomb? Maybe got it from Paul Harvey. Anyway, disrespectful shameful on you, Terrible. You don't want to jump out of bad wagging. You don't want to participate because the media tells you you should say this. And you should think that, and I say, screw the media, okay? You're a bunch of lunatics. You're a bunch of crazy people. Why can't you leave all the rest of us alone? What they're doing is exactly the reason why so many of us resent this whole. In other words, if you want to get all weeping and all bent under shit, great. Go ahead and go do it. But it's a private religion is private, okay? It's like taking a dump. And they're dumping on us big time with this crap. I'm pretty tired of it. Not yours though, he can't get enough of it. Oh yeah. I'm sorry. What's his, he was good, honey. He's in a good team. I haven't listened to my album yet. Yeah, with them. Go get yourself straight now at honey, okay? Go get yourself some help. Go get a sucky, extra exam. Go get a lot of bottomy. We didn't just take a shoe. You're brain is supposed to be. 124 votes. What's your take on a Pope on the late Pope? I'm not so sure. Well, I'm almost as upset about him as him. The late Jesus Christ. He was a great man. 272. I couldn't give a shmit about him. 201. Never stole a freight train. 183. He preached bigotry ignorance. 154. He was decent as a, you know, okay. 142. And a snappy dresser. 172. Speaking of snappy dresses, we got more Howard David standing by. Mad Dog at four. Hurricane Hotline at seven. Lend him our test and Troy, Donna, you Troy Stratford. You fare at 8 o'clock in any key. 10 o'clock tonight. Bye bye.