It's a big purpose we run next to our momentum on our right before us, we've had before we get together to do what we do our usual bad. I think I won quick. I think I won quick again. I have to get one quick note in here. Go right ahead. Take all the time and win. logonwqm.com for the my picks contest sponsored by Belvedere Vodka. 10 people went three, oh, that's the best record at the end of the year. Wings the grand prize of a thousand dollars. The five games this week. The wing one four, we're tenth of Bay, Chinese three or we're Kansas City, Pittsburgh three over Minnesota and the app was seven and a half over San Diego and Washington three over Dallas. Nice. Is there a favorite over a Tampa Bay? Sure. Their home is the game is at home. Yeah, they've had a tough time at home last stretch. Well last week they didn't. Well, well yeah, but they were kind of a little girl's team. Yeah. So you're giving out the Tampa Bay with the points? No, no, I'm fully not. No way. No way Jose. I'll let you worry about the points. I think a buddy Joe Sonny, you're, huh? I think there'll be a close game. Well, it could be or not, if the case may be, who knows? Your buddy, Sarny has just, I think he's got a thing for Evan Cohen. I don't know who Evan Cohen is. I'm sure nobody else knows either. He's probably related to Marty Cohen. But he spends like about six paragraphs today about his interview with Dave Dumbarowski and he did all right question. He's obsessed with Evan Cohen on 760, which is like in Palm BTSPN radio. The only 760 I know was a great radio station WJR and Detroit. I didn't see Sarny's column today. Oh, boy, you didn't misintern. There is nothing there's like on the internet. It takes up four pages online and there's nothing of any interest anybody. But your buddy Barry though, never lets us down. And I have why Barry. You saw that. I'm sure I did. Now, which shirt line in here are you most amused by? Well, let's see. He's obsessed with Kevin Rogers. Not near Rogers, of course, because I went to a sports show. Talk show host is Bradley presence and dry wit to 790s. Evening slot. He might even break that. Oh, sure, but I doubt it. How do you like that? Most bizarre story, 790s did Rosenberg walking off his own show when he was criticized by Cohen. Oh, overwritten story. Yeah, the most overwritten publicity stunt. The most unfortunate trend. Oh, I got to take a drink of soda while before we this. Oh, I'm so fable about it. Most unfortunate trend. Several of the markets play by playing out. He's like the commanding voices. Yeah, I thought he requested to me. I thought he took two shots at Sepholo. Yeah. That was one of them. The one guy had finished it. I'm sorry, got it. Commanding voices. We were accustomed to drink. May is a Howard David. Do do do do do do do do do. Uh, Joe Angel, they've a Brian and law me for a Rick Weaver. Holy Toledo. Yeah. Worst move, if I said in QA, I'm not carrying the news conference. And I'm seeing Jack McKins resignation. That's a big deal. Yeah. Yeah. There was another, uh, I think backhanded slap at Sepholo in there. And that was, uh, giving me job to somebody with no, uh, who had it. Experience. Well, for sure. Because he says the biggest story, uh, 790 that took a grabbing dolphin game from QAman. And I'm failing a new announcing team. Jimmy Siffle is in Joe Rose. But then he goes on to say, well, it was a, uh, on this is early drawing after an announced history for five months. And first off, in the job to tell me, Siffle, a Siffle, a Siffle, a Siffle Redo who hasn't done play by playing a quarter of a century. Then it's doing the conventional approach. Depp her two former dolphins in the booth, including a play by playing out to a Siffle is who had done mostly color commentary. In other words, unqualified. Yeah, if I'm on the screen, yeah, come right out and say it, Barry. They always have to like beat around the bush. Yeah, if I'm Jimmy, I slap them around when I see him. Why is that? Well, if I was Jimmy, I'd be a little. I don't think Jimmy's going to slap anybody around. Nice. Yeah. Hey, Jimmy, do fair anyway. He's not slapping anybody around. Uh, and then most outrageous moves. No, I don't know. I guess Barry must be out of the loop. The panthers the most outrageous move. The panthers time the rounds is to be positive during a horrible start for the season. Well, I hate to break the news to you, little Barry, but all all franchises are very uptight about that. And they're always like all over their announces to like, you know, build a little and be homers. In fact, you'll be called a chip carry and not the, yeah, chip and Steve's don't got canned by the cup organization because there were two critical of a team. Yep. They put up with it from Harry because Harry was a legend and they couldn't fire his ass, but they weren't going to put up with it from chip off the old block. That is true. That was bad move on their part. I mean, he's going from what's his name less, uh, Lenny Casper, Lenny Casper. The guy that they hired from the Marlins, I mean, he's okay. He's not bad, but he should rate the, he's just, I don't know, not up to stuff. That's why I don't even want the cup game is no more. Hey, the white socks are the team in Chicago now. Well, good for them. Good for them in Ken Harrelson, the Hawk. Oh, God. Put him on the board and hang him from a news. He's just obnoxious. But anyway, so that's, uh, and best newcomers to the market day of straighter, Panther broadcast, Panthers want to get my ass night over time, who'd lead late like usual, then this time though, and with a main advantage, and overtime. Hey, it'd be a regular race. Yeah. We'd be to red means for the first time in like almost 10 years, in 1996. Yeah. That's something. So that's two in a row, man. They're on a roll three straight overtime. And they actually did have some people there last night. I wouldn't say 17,000 was an honest number, but there were some people. I'd go out to see them, right? Would you? What about going up to see the Panthers? What about the same? What you said there were a lot of people there last night. Yeah, I probably like 5,000 were where it goes. Tony Redwing fans. In a like I said last week, the people from the West Coast, uh, Florida, the ones that came from the north, most of them are like from Chicago Detroit, the Midwest. The people in South Florida and the East Coast came from New York, Boston, Philly from the East Coast. And now why that is? I don't know. Maybe because the Hershey Highway, uh, you know, 95 leads down from the northeast and 75. I don't know what it's all about. But the, uh, built story told me this a few years ago that when one of those teams from Detroit or, you know, one of the, you know, more popular teams from the Midwest and one of the better teams from the people will come over from Naples. They'll drive over to see, you know, them play. Yeah, well, my not. Yeah. Start that long, I drive. Well, somebody's got to show up. Yeah. Well, that's good. Nice going. Panthers, maybe that Jack Martin keeps his job for a little while. Think they've been turning the corner? No. Okay. There are, there are a long way from turning the corner. Believe me. And there, the job that they have left of a making any, any kind of a bid for the play office is pretty difficult. Do you realize that they've been in a building now? I don't know what the last year was. But they've been that building a very long time and they've made a play also only once since they've been in a building. They've only made them three times since the history of the organization. Yeah. Well, look, uh, how many championships have the dolphins once and say, let's the orange bowl? Oh. That's it. Let's get the dolphins back in the orange bowl. That'll do it. They've never won anything in that stadium. Yeah. It must be the stadium. Maybe that's why the Marlins won out. It's it's a baseball stadium. That's why it is. That was it is. Yeah. It's not a football stadium. Let's get the dolphin. It's a baseball stadium. I'm really pleased to see you up with this solution to the problem. Let's get the dolphins up and let's have it give you the Marlins stadium set of dolphins stadium. Don't you think I would be doing the Marlins of favor if I marketed the place that way? Yeah. You sure would. This way. Why would you run into the Marlins of favor though? Oh, I forgot. You got that close relationship with management. I forgot about that. Yeah. This guy's only been p-valed 16 times for our open up a big mouth about that organization. You know what? Everything I've said in the last couple of weeks about what's going on with that is coming to pass. Yes. Now the commissioner wants to meet with highs in it. And that was in USA today on Wednesday. And I talked about that before that what happened in Pittsburgh when the local ownership couldn't get anything done. Facebook, stuff then and got it done said you guys. Oh, I'm not speaking of Pittsburgh and I can't anything done. Looks like the penguins are going to be moving out. They've tried everything they know. They got to get the slots in. They can't do it. And their looks the Marios says they're going. Plus their team sucks. But we saw that. We're going to go. Let's see. It said Kansas City, which see the NHR life going back to places where they failed before at Atlanta and Minnesota. They like going back for a second double dip. So Kansas City is one of the rumor places. Portland, Oregon, which is always rumored. Portland's everybody's. Yeah, whatever. Everybody's threat. That's right. You know, if you know, go to a joint. We're going to Portland. Yeah. They go to Portland, Maine. Do you know who is from Portland, Maine? The guy, the guy, the guy, getting it broadcasting, who owned INZ when I worked there? Oh, yeah, Portland, Maine. What a bunch of mugwams. Amazing how many mugwams own broadcasting of companies. It's a no seven. The original radio. Oh, another one. Now you're nervous about the beesleys. The clad I'm on. Don't be intimidated by those mugwams for quite a lot. This Friday morning. They're up there in the tree strum in the banjo. I mean the clad fits. Yeah, the clad fits. That's what I said. Well, you're that was Hank Goldberg right away. I got a story here from R and R radio and records. VZ joins HD digital radio alliance. Did you see that? No. VZ broadcast group is the latest to join the consortium of radio companies that's banding together to launch HD radio and markets nationwide. This is hysterical. The campaign, the campaign that erect TV bill to get direct TV back on the day colon with HD radio. Hey, we have a direct TV back. You do have a back? Okay, it was it's been on for two days. See there you go. That's then you can thank me for that. But the bill is do last Wednesday. So it may be going off again in any time. You can thank was a Georgia coming that whoever whatever spy we've forgotten. We had that number that they owed to direct TV. Yeah. And then I got stuff on the case. So whenever stuff. Yeah, I didn't get the number. Give a lot of big kiss on lips. I'm all I got that. Still say that. It's like 1361 bus. They owe them or something. Yeah, I have no idea. In fact, 1362 and 42 cents. Now I heard they did pay the 42 cents. Maybe that's why it's back on. Anyway, it says, VZ operates in several of those markets, including Philly and Miami, where it already has HD two channels. So we are HD, which I hear sounds great on here. But the only problem is nobody has those receivers. What time you leave? What time do I leave? Or you leave tomorrow. No, I leave tonight. Oh. You're going to get out, okay? Yeah. All the good news is the sun is shining in the snowstorm that was coming last night didn't come. Oh, good. It was snowing and blowing yesterday. Lights know and wet. You know, really windy and nasty. And they were predicting, oh, 30 centimeters. It's like a foot of snow. There is less snow on a ground now than there was yesterday morning when I talked to him. Because it bypassed after midnight, it just started at Fizzle out. It all passed east to here. So Montreal, Ottawa, going to get like walloped. And we have because the sun is out and it's about 33 degrees. So whatever was on the ground is melting. And there's a very little on there now. I like that. See when you live right, the Lord looks after you. You're in my hand, you're called last night. So they're having a transit strike and they're waiting for a foot of snow and good place not to be. And it's how it's during last morning and to rest for a year. And it's all over that. Like stink on Greg, man. They're just all over it. Boy, the PR campaign. And how many talk shows, television shows, whatever has he done in the last couple weeks? But third man. Yeah, I'm thought so. Everyone, it's ever been invented. Yeah. Hey, listen, I took my head to a monad. He's the master of, I wouldn't say he's the master of broadcast. But he certainly the master of public relations, man. He's good. More PR every time he fart. So he's like a thousand articles about it. What flavor it was, what he had for breakfast. It's amazing. But again, when you've got normal kin for your agent like I do, it's just, you know, you just do the best you can. Just come to your way along. Well, I hope you have a great trip. I will. And I'll be sure and write your name on all the appropriate walls all over the city. Yeah, please do. Back on, all the way to all those hookers in the red light history, I was saying, hey, the hunt for a season. Hi, I'll just wait as I walk on. I made a whistle-tot stop tour through there a few years ago. Yeah. Yeah, the red light district of Amsterdam was. Wasn't bad. I remember I tried. Didn't I talk to you on the phone? You were in London or you were in England that time? Would they've done it? Yes, I called you. And you called me in my apartment in Amsterdam. Well, I was sound George before the show. I sure wish to help the place would have worked out. It would have been sanitary and not like with a bedroom downstairs and damp and milled the way and spiders the size of bowling ball. Yeah. Because I really would like to have a place there, part of the year. Well, three summers in a row, I was there for like two months. I'm going on there. It's a lot of, it's a lot going on there. That's for the name sure. Well, I hope you have a great time in a wonderful trip and back to you. Now let's see, what's your, when I was your vacation? I'm out of time for the year. Really? So in other words, mad dog is making up for the time that you were lost. Yeah. I have one day left. Wow. Well, you certainly won't be working when I come back because I'm working today after X-mas. That may be the one day I take. The 26. Well, what do you mean? Well, I mean, you already got it off. That don't, don't take that day because you already have that off. It can celebrate this Christmas day. Yeah, because I'm in the York Christmas day. Yeah. And then probably travel Monday. So I'll see you on the 27th. Okay. All right. Have a good one. And I hope you're still working. That's suspended by then. I'll be careful. Keep your nose clean. Yes, sir. Okay, see you. Hi, this is Reddy Ranymore. Ed Lanick goes mortgages the only mortgage company in South Florida. The same location since 1982. Why would you deal with someone else? One branch and ready to help serve you. If you want to free crews, don't call them. If you want it to rain on a sunny day, don't call them. If you don't want to pay closing costs, don't call them. If you want grief, or do do do do do do do. I call them. That A-Lanick goes mortgages in day called real by 944-073-3. Or a Broward of Palm Beach at 985-498-780-774. A-Lanick goes mortgages. O-R-B-B. That's Orange Bowl basketball. Or if it's a double-header basketball role featuring Coach's Letter and Hamilton's Florida State Semitals, cause of the court from Nebraska corn huskers. Paul by your hometown hurricanes, challenging NCAA Final Four Powerhouse. Louisville. Why, do you breast, dude? Louisville. Louisville. Louisville. Incapillantan breakicle. Not raising compiler was going down again. That'll tell if you don't hearص brihat noise. I give it a thank you to you and I give it a cup of... And drag my Holy Eash, all across, so, rugby. spoonfuls Harry in Political Paris? Isn't it equal to rejoin? They got peace. They say given it give it a feeling. You wouldn't like a dance here. I'm a Jew, is it my hand? Who would have some cool grab? Like I got hands in my hands. Has they both been blind? Makes a sound light. A punch when I walked this way. Made my spare time in my behind. And it's boring. And it's a thing, boom, that means a way. I'm a human being. And it's a thing, that's true. Right now, somebody. In that dark. I'm an an a a a a a. People's house remotion, people's thinks. I've got the people, that people, that people, that people, that people, that people, that people, that people, that people, that people. So the member on the building, is it somebody yesterday had the must have been somebody with a wacky election because he was showing his purple finger off everybody. everybody. Oh yeah it was purple wasn't it? Little hit some purple brown red. Summary date of that. Anyway 10 13 at 5 60 WQAM Friday December 16 and Boy George will be on a week next week It's going to be sensational. Yeah. Is it spectacular? Sure it will be. What is spectacular? Isn't here looking out there? What is shock? What a surprise. The sun is shining. There is much less still on the ground and on the rooftop It's not going to be a surprise. It's not going to be a surprise. It's not going to be a surprise. I think it's not going to be a surprise. I don't know if you have the kick. I'm going to take a look. See finally. The facts are by way of last year. One 88.8 this morning. I have a digital scale. That one that you can lean. That's pretty good. Every house counts. That's the lowest I've been in the years. One time. Now what's your goal? My blood sugar was 84 by the way. I've been part of my goal. It's 150. I got. But it was 158. You can do it. Well I will do it. It's not a question of if it's just a question of how long it takes. The beast is offered a bread off of the crap now. We're trying to save his life. See this week working on the show. This is a could be a lifesaver. Yeah. Look at it. It's 10.15 already. Wow. Before it ought to be like 145. Hey, when you're shopping for shoes covered in fit. That's what it's all about. And value of course, too. Everybody wants to save a few bucks. And that's why you wanted to be your shoe shopping. Always at brandy shoes and pump out of each. For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes and the top brands we're talking about. That's some off brand. Nobody ever heard of before. We're talking about the best brands like rock port floor. Echo, new balance, the first OSAS, all the top names in a business. And brandy's professional shoe fit is a mature. You have a customized video comfort shoe every time. Just as for Arnie, he'll take dang good care of you. The pros and brandy's understand fit and comfort and even specialize in wide wits as well. For those of you with really big fat, grotesque feet. Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere for comfort style, fit value and selection always think. Of brandy shoes, 12.19 or federal highway and pop out of each. They're open daily Monday through Saturday till 9.00. Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupid end of time for savings at brandy's because taking extra 20% off on selected men's and women's style. Shoot from SAS naturalize or foresharm, spirit and rock port stew. So be sure to get in brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Two A.N. The high-end and key show. The drink, fat Riley, stand band gunting, ready for a tan. All my N.E. players are on one station. This station, present in my mini-seeky resort again in tune tomorrow at 830 with Hankoberg and the Miami Hitch-Up exclusively on Sports Video 5.16 QA-M. When it comes to sports, we are the authority. The Riley have to go out and get another piece to make this team a little bit better. And don't give me a ride our test because of the ad. He doesn't have anything that the Indiana pays for you to want. You can pass, wait, and check. They got nothing else that you have that they want. We'll trade Michael Goliak and Joe Fitz. I'll hang up and loosen. How are you that adds news to the four on Sports Video 5.16 QA-M. Hey, Pooves, busy Ellen Guy Anger Anderson. I looked in the toilet today. Guess what? A Starbucks right there in my sh**! Huh! What do you know? Right there in the toilet. Pretty cheap! They are everywhere! What for you to win I kill some more Jews. We'll back off them here, me or land. Let me wait now and I'll see you in song and I'll steal from you all that I can. All I kill Jews is to let me help from my friends. I'm back to use with a little help from my friends. I can't lose a little help from my friends. What do I do when I blow Jews away? All you love this hell of flesh and bone? Oh yes I do. I hope maybe die by the end of the day. As long as that death is not your own hope. I kill Jews with a little help from my friends. I'm back to use with a little help from my friends. Oh I can't lose with a little help from my friends. To you to win I die by the end of the day. I die somebody who killed Jews. To you to win I die by the end of the day. And you want men or kids to be killed. Would you take land and then give up if I'm alive? I tell them we could scrap all the time. Could you have these little money? I bought some of the little empty gold mine. Oh I give you a little help from my friends. I'm back to use with a little help from my friends. Oh I can't lose with a little help from my friends. Yes, I'll kill you with a little help from my friend. with a little help from my friends. I'm not crazy enough, I'm telling you, go! Well, they got to him first, I guess. No, they got to a yesterday first. That was yesterday. I'm a fart. I see you, no, no. 21 past 10 a QA. I'm tempted to play like a lot of stuff today, you know, like that, which I haven't played in a long time. Although the big news of the day, the feedback for Howard Stern fans in this morning, I was assuming he's still on. Still saying goodbye. At least for the three hours. Well, he's got to get off of there because then he's going to have a two hour uh, a semis coming up, a two hour midtown man hadn't party to say goodbye to any lawyer listening to you, Stern up. Scores already are there despite a driving rainstorm in New York. Stern playing the liver and addressed his radio fans finishing up a quarter century on tresture radio is arguably its most influential figure. Stern leaves behind all that way. Congratulations to my close personal friend, Dick Curtin, who's being inducted into the radio hall of fame. You know, there's a real talent. There's somebody creative, really funny and uh, at any rate. Stern, let's see, when he showed an enjoyed unprecedented ratings run, he had number one in New York for wealthy Washington and LA. His move to serious satellite radio while somewhat risky comes with a huge financial uh, thing. Stern signed a five year $500 million contract to create two new channels for serious, but the overhead, another programming cost come out of the windfall. So the hundred million a year, not that he's going to be missing any meals based. A hundred million, he includes all the programming for other two channels. Okay. So in other words, maybe 98 million. Right here. During his career, Stern evolved into the center of attention in first of him at issues and censorship and the adiadiate and finnity paid 1.7 million 95 to a cell complaint to the FCC again Stern in April 2004 clear channel dumpster and the cell on all their stations because of the show's content and of course WQA understood. What's the use to be talking about made a bad mistake about error and judgment they forgot where they were and of course they wouldn't listen to me because what could I possibly know about anything right? What could I know about this market about the jump block of tours out there, huh? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. What do I know about sports talk? Nothing. WQA M hello. Not there on two of what I tell you, I'm not going to be a lot of calls today and even if there are, I'm not taking too many WQA M hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh I was trying to I missed Hank to fix it the first time. Can I get them from you? Can you hear his text from me? This Hank over show. Hank over show ends at 10 o'clock. What showed you think follows that Hank over show? Good question. I tune out if the Hank over. Well then why you still on with this? You tune out that Hank over? Why is that? Well today I missed it. No I need one after Hank Goldberg. Goodbye. Yeah. Let me tell you this, I think your nose's picked that for four hours. Although I think he's got a good head start. Like I said, I think I want to take a lot of calls today. That sounds like that, but he's good. Should we use haste? I have no idea what they were and I could take the guns. I don't get them if you want. No no I can't do that. So when you satisfy that old fart, that old property. We have a lot of a few minutes. You turn it off in 10 o'clock. He doesn't want to hear that potty mouth faggot. So old effat you. It's on it to hear the other effat you. It's on before me. I didn't like that. That was terrific. That was good though. I like that. They're a lot of Bible watch for Christmas or potty mouth. Yeah, maybe somebody will buy you a little honic abortion. Maybe sit it on fire with you on top of it. That was good. Good. It's you way. I'm hostile to the line. Happy holiday. Hi, y'all. Hey, pal. What are you doing? Okay. He's all done for the days out the street cause of problems. But he's done for the day in other words, in his last days. That's why I didn't want to pre-won the bar. He was a lot of the day in the last day. He'd see you on the West Coast. 96, they bailed out out. I was barely there. That was nice. No, he bailed out on them because they weren't paying their bills. Which, I know, it was very unusual. But they do have a B.C.2 radio, but they just can't pay their bills. Well, I really like how everybody really really love your shell and joy. Just have a good holiday. You know what? You want to watch for a main thing, see you? What's that? Nice, tics were. Thanks, tics. No, I missed them. Because now I'm listening to this kind of call this morning here. That old cock that I just called, he's, I'll bet I've a shave. Oh, I'll try to shave something good, Greep. Yeah. I can agree. Corn, all is all. Can he be for my phone? Are you? Wow. Yeah. What's going on with that come, Franz? It's going to be a hell of a day already. I can just, wow. We could just maintain this level of call. That's true for two men. I know. It's just out of nowhere. He's just, he's sounded rational and like a real living and breathing person. And then my, ah, yeah. How do you fucking me? Oh, that was good. Oh, I never did mention the appole. Well, it's not that much. I guess you like it. 13 every 96 votes. How do you rate yourself as a human being? I wish the first guy would have voted on there. I'll rate it for him. B pretty good 724. That seems to be the overwhelming prick pretty good. Not perfect. But, uh, okay better than the rest. C average 232. D many flaws. That's for the beast vote 161. Many flaws. A the best 150. I haven't met any of those people yet. F I'm a piece of Schmidt 115 and E. I'm not a good person 15. Now, if honesty were, you know, the parameter for all this, I can imagine you voted the F. The F. Do do do do do. Now, just cancel all four of them. This is a real rational. Do do do do. This is 516. A set. But congratulations, get a life. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. Exactly, I want you to get my luck. I just don't care. And everybody is shocked for me for the rest of my life. This is General D ficar, more than any other But I love him in my heart again. What? Sometimes he and I every girl you forgive, The police won't kill me because she's a king and his wife that made him attest. Again. Your wife? Well, it's really poor. In just go and talk to her. He always ate it. However, for real money. we did yesterday. Yeah. You did what? We ordered yesterday. Well, how about getting like I don't know what you can get and I see if you listen to me. Yeah. You can get the pizzas from Tony's and just just take a fork and eat the topping. I already told you my issues with cheese this morning. I don't think we need to relive that. Oh, I see. The ties that bind, as they say. This guy go there. I don't want to go into your, do go out. No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to talk about it. When he, he doesn't go there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, or I didn't see it on the right of the time. Let's get this and more good calls on here today. Looks like it's going to be really slow. But every now and then if the spirit moves you, we'll just reach over and punch one up. WQA and hello. Hey, I'm calling for that guy. I want to know, Hank's six. Yeah. This was he said he was starting on my left nostril. Then he was working his way round to his ace. And then he was going to the right nostril and digging up until he hit his knuckles. And then and then I started. Okay. I was, you'll be in the postman. It was the next thing coming out of my mouth. Well, most pigs, you know, they got to what, yeah, look, back home. Yeah. That's what I think we're very rock for four hours. Okay. And then Vista's tell me a little spary port that ever not least somebody's disgruntled. I want to mention Monet. I'm no names, but the squirrel even his wife is now starting to get fed up and getting really can't take her as with him. Yeah. But yeah, she loves stuff because he was talking about real versed fake on the woman's chest. Yeah. And she was yelling at him in the movie theater. And he's now upset because not only does he become a dartboard when he comes to work, but he can't go home either. The human dartboard coming up at two, I like that. It's like the human dartboard at two and deservedly. So Curtis had tried from Hooray's in derail for a clock speaking of whatever is on your chest and on your, yeah, it calls and get it off your chest. Seven o'clock is the big, oh rock solid. I think catch it today. And then it, in a case, in a clock, pristine. No game, although let's see, the panthers at Atlanta tomorrow. Now, if you're going to beat the trashers, many better we've prepared a score of six, seven goals. They're scoring a lot of their score and I'm in bunches. So the panthers have actually won two games in a row. A shocking development at Atlanta tomorrow with a score of six, squeaky, yellowy. WQAM, hello. Anyhow, you doing? Pretty good. The most interesting to you for about 10 years, but you're sure to tell me with that fact you get them out of there. Go home, please, you saw five, third. Okay, last day, okay, it's fine. He's not going anywhere. We're saving his life this week. I think I've been a commendable job. And he can't leave before he tells us that was it a very Jackson story? No, get to that, a simple. All right. What's your Jackson story? Oh, his behavior yesterday at UM was just lost here about it. Well, you know, he shows up and he's, you know, for those belts on off his pants. I mean, you know, God forbid you should buy belts at the fence, but in any event, you should have been mommy should buy him one and this is, you know, he shows up kind of get all the tidbits and all the inside, juice and all that stuff. Then we have like a little media room where we hang out and all the reporters type and whatever. And like he's leaning up against his lap, you know, laptop at the screen will fold down. He hasn't like folded down on all the way. And he's like bending over, trying to see underneath. So no one will see what he's typing. He's like five inches. We're maybe a two inches away from the screen with the laptop bent down. He has his arms up covering the screen. So no one could possibly see. And then he almost knocked a table over when he was trying to plug a phone line in and he, uh, he was a disgrace. I mean, it was just absolutely ridiculous. He may not be good. Release his consistent. Hey, Barry, you're very right. We'll get back to his column again, if anybody missed across over here, some very appointment craft to write today. Just, just the usual swirl. And he, he just doesn't have the coholms to really come out and rip anybody because he's afraid they're going to like tear it. His head off which they probably would. Boys on their payroll. Well, yeah, that could be it. But, uh, so he always just, uh, delicately dances around the edges and said like taking a real shot. That's, that's, that's, oh, and you know something else I was thinking about. Well, if this were a real market, which is not, if we had a real radio person right in the column about what's happening in local radio and not that I was looking for publicity, but the thing with me in last of the yesterday, any market where somebody writes about what's happening in radio, that would have been a story. Yeah. You want to say it? Right. Yeah. In fact, if, uh, probably in Tampa, if they would have known about it, the tribunal, the, uh, St. Pete times they would have been something about that because he was legendary over there and still is. But, uh, so, but again, in this town, we got Tom Jico writes his puff pieces about network TV shows, generic, that could have been printed like in Augusta main. And, uh, and that's it. Just, just this is a bushly place. That's why Barry Jackass is writing, uh, broadcasting, uh, sports broadcasting on the Harold and Jim Sarniman. Have you ever met Jim Sarny Beast? Yeah. He actually wrote a whole article about me. Oh, that's right. Now remember that? Well, that should tell you not right there. What is his story? Is he like an old toad? It's probably his 50s or early 60s. That's what I've been toad. He just said to us. That's a funny dirty in a stuff that he writes. And what's his obsession with Evan Cohen on 760 in Palm Beach? Evan is a pretty nice guy. He's a pretty guy. Well, maybe that's maybe that answered my question. Somebody QAM, hello. Wow. Somebody QAM, hello. Good morning. Hello. Is there? Oh, I did a story about their injection. There are some screen things for that, uh, so he doesn't have to make that crazy move. Hey, listen, um, you were talking a while back about the bikes and horns. Why? Why did there so many bikes and, uh, who's taking a rich one? Right. The other one? Yeah. The way they do it is like going through the swing club, you just pick up the one who drives the best. I said how those people do it. I wonder which was great holiday man. Thank you. Thank you, Pally. For science. Don't change. Okay. Ha ha ha. Be Truman. But here's a fast memory from Boko. My eyes have been open. He says about a Florida plunder and loot. He says after reading that F. P. and L is about to purchase an under utility service for 11 billion dollars. I had an epiphany. But there are a lot of us have an epiphany lately, you know it. First you go to Tiffany's and then you have an epiphany. The only thing public about this corporation are the people that screw. That was naive enough to think that the purpose and mission of any public utility, which is granted monopoly status by the government was to serve the public. Oh, that's a hot one, Murray. Who's being naive now, okay? In F. P. else case, however, it's clear that their primary mission is to make money and to do so with the expense of the public. How can Florida plunder loot possibly has to stay for a version of raise the rates change to deter its consumers when it has 11 billion dollars to invest in another business? Should the 11 billion dollars be used to one lower electric bills here or two, rebuild a hurricane proof system of providing electricity and software done? Oh, the shareholders wouldn't be happy with that. Who are the people sitting on the bushy point of commission that gives F. P. also to deal? Why are these people appointed, Brian, rather than elected? Why has any local media outlet jumped on this and exposed F. P. else for what it really is a business? Which is more interested in sure all the dividends and executive bonuses and serving the people of South Florida. It boggles my minds as Murray from Boka, even more so than Wolfies closing down. Somebody needs to stand up and say, no, just say, not to this proposed merger and insist amount of East Belt where it should. Where are the heroes in this state? Oh, right. Murray, I think you've been even too much commentation, slightly before me. How do you kids out there don't need stale home and fashion especially those little really hard ones are like bricks? I think they've used those in curling. By the way, anybody ever apart? I'm just trying to picture that. If you ever have any doubts that the Canadian people are very nice people, but very silly. They inherited that silly thing from the brits. Watch some curling, hey. Hey. On World News tonight, an ABC News exclusive, the secret tapes of President Bush, ABC Jonathan Carl, obtained exclusive access to the tapes. The White House says then Governor Bush had no idea and he was being recorded. Well, I'd like to ask sometimes I'm mangling the slimes. I was just joking. I'm freaking joking all the time. I hope you're much more safe. We have sick. Incoherent. The White House is not happy about the tapes. I believe I'm good. Jonathan Carl, ABC News, Washington. W-a-l-a-l. Welcome to all the Texas Way. We get started on my game. All they died in the Louisiana. I race past with a C-m-o-d. Old country not don't put no blame on me. Let me come from my vacation for a photo of a two-met-c-e. Swing your partners round and round. Now build those swam through the war of the sound. In terms of the last to the radical we go. Swing a little month out, though, she don't. Old country not like it and those people think. In the person of the easy end up and it is for an air-wrecking. Welcome back. Talk about your Tesla Presidents. Welcome to the White House. Good bye, George. You gotta go, Rio Mio. You gotta go home because you're not so bad on the bio. But you sure can quit when it came to sick. Carry Shaman. Son of a bush is a food your tuition essay goodbye young. Huge. George, why are people round? You play the round of relaxing golf. Well he wasn't a fantastic RIR. He's a not your colorful keys. I've never been to boots. And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You were the one busy have inferred and rational though. You'll investigate at a later date that's real bullshit. So think you sure should wait to once that Dutch you can't lock up so we don't consider you. But no one will get blamed like with Agent Flay. No hands will roll. Talk hard. Can't ask for this to be a slap on the wrist and no charges file. What a surprise. Because you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new mess so. No panic. Unnugeth toll. Sleep in the pole. That's no problem. No fix it. You're stint the sheen will deal with new Orleans. Cause that's their job. As per usual son of a bush, she is a foot in your tuition. You're an asshole. We just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no way. I'm a problem son. You paid it off the year. 50s and those bills. You have no shame on shame. What's that? And what's with that smurf. You scoop it. Sure. When people have died. Oh. So the bull beats you should be a big stand. We mean problem. We want to talk about favor. Get them out. You're here. Jack. Yes. 1049. Maybe I'll present you as watching the jackass on MTV. You think through. It's possible. Maybe just to emulate it. Oh, you see who died? No. And you're the one who's going to have any idea who it was either. Some football player. Now former senator will proxmire for Wisconsin. Oh. Famous for his golden fleece awards. Thailand and government waste. William proxmire Wisconsin, Democrat who's enthusiasm for clean living. We came as much as US Senate hallmark. As his good governance measures and golden fleece awards. That early yesterday at the copper wage care facility in Sykesville, Maryland. Copper wage sounds like a nursing home government. Oh, that's why he had the Alzheimer's last few years. I forgot about that. He was 90 and had Alzheimer's disease. Like somebody said, wait seconds ago. Proxmire, who served from 57 to 89, was considered one of the most tenacious legislators on Capitol Hill and Bill of Reputations. A public schooled on fiscal matters. Even if it didn't apply to his own state's dairy price supports, he was an iconoclized to enjoy life as a political loner in Washington while becoming one of his states most of his characters. Never heard of William Proxmire? No. Yeah. I've heard of the golden fleece awards? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. Proxmire became a household name for his monthly golden fleece awards starting in 75 to highlight the biggest or most ridiculous or most ironic example of government waste. The ceremony is such as a speech on the Senate floor. There you go. Bill Proxmire's a, you made it till 90 and there was probably a blessing because he had Alzheimer's last period. He was an a facility. That's something. That's one thing. I don't know about you, but when I croak, I don't want to be an facility. No. Do you know what I mean? I know what you mean. Getting abused by healthcare workers. That kind of thing. Like nurse ranched. Right. Although maybe the teeth will be there with his juicy fruit and he'll take this sink full of sink out of the floor and knock it right through the window. And of course that'll be after he puts the set over my head. Now, look at this. It says, here's a fact that says the beastly did a good deed by putting together a hurricane relief concert in four miles in association with K-rock, what a show. Joe Lenn Turner of the purple rainbow end, whatever that is, Mark Charmin, Ternan from Grand Funk Railroad, Buck Derma, Leverboy, Eddie Money, Robin Zander, Rick Nielsen, from Cheat Creek, Ryan Johnson Clifford from ACDC. Everyone saying four songs except the guys from ACDC was saying five. Then everybody came out and saying, hi, way to hell together. Well, believe me, if it be's, he said something to do with it. That's appropriate. The highway to hell. The groups came out one after the other with really any delay. And after they finished their set, they'd sing back up for the ice group. Unfortunately, there was a little promotion leading up to the show on the West Coast and none here. I was lucky to find out about last week's says the fact of for such a great show, the attendance was less than 5,000. All proceeds went to hurricane relief and constantly 25 bucks. It was well worth of grab across theality to watch this incredible show. They sure never gave it to any information he was promoted today. Nope. Well. By the way, it says apparently Omelette is landed on the station as he was there announcing the acts on what station. OK, rock in Fort Myers. Right, 96 FM. Omelette. Well, there he is. Oh, you got. Omelette is toast and the juice has got a big bow and a land. What a joke. How is a precarious doing? I said 70560, Pont560, the Verizon singer, the roses. He had a cause like spotty. One here, one here, I knew that. Yeah. What happened? We're getting all these great calls today. No, this is again. We are close. I don't want to get your nervous about next week, but it's a close, you know, people are all shopping like crazy. Finally, northeast, not here, thank goodness. The sun is shining. It's beautiful. There's almost no snow. It's already melting and vanishing. But little we can. And there was one blob on the radar that looked, you know, it's not not a big one, but look, I was going to be more snow. And it was headed right in this direction. And I looked at it again. And it kind of looked at it took a turn to the east and you'll never guess where it's headed directly for right now. I give up. Think of what he grabbed and said boy. Buffalo. I have to okay. Buffalo. I'm going to say man, I can't fit the line. My head is facing first. And unless those people are being kept prisoners, I want anybody would run live in Buffalo. I just, it's just amazing. It's like it's a maggot magnet. Every storm, every piece of bed, whether every ounce of crap, always is going to go right toward Buffalo. And the Hamburg and the Pew. Somebody QAM, hello. Oh, go. Hello. How are you? I'm fine. Sorry. I'm just shoveling food in my purse there. Okay. Well better to you than the beast man. Well, that's for sure. I don't know. I'm nowhere near him. My 15, you might get a kick out of this. By 15 year old boy comes up to me with the time magazine laughing. And goes check this out. Little comic strip with a little fat kid about 10 years old in front of a chalkboard, the teacher next to him, on the chalkboard, something like in Simpson. On the chalkboard, it says, I will not lose my focus on homeland security. And the fat kid is standing sideways looking out the window and going, look at the little bird. See ya. You are your own interpret that for me. I was hoping you could. What are I miss? Look at the little birdies. Okay. How many QAM? Hello. Not there. So that's it. That takes care of the calls. That means I can just play a. Probably play some theme segments like the last one about bush. We'll play like more chunks of bits about bush. And then maybe somebody over there. Somebody over there. Oh, no, it's not a low block. Oh, a whole block. Like maybe two hours of it. What was terrible songs that I write in Faggotorn. I write them in Faggotorn sings them. I sing on I write them. Yeah, I write them in Newstigum. How good that is. Italians would have to pay a 20% tax on pornography according to a budget. I meant to accrued a first budget slightly hurdle a couple days ago. The proposal was approved at committee level expected to go before the chamber of deputies are in the next week. The taxes expected to raise about $260 million to help reduce the national deficit and health fund government tax breaks to families. I believe the porn taxes important not for more listed reasons. But don't concern me. But because I think that a time of difficult economic conditions for families is right to tax products that are not essential lawmaker Danny, Elas Santace was quoted as saying about the and San Jose agency. They're taxing porn only Italy and Tania. I guess they're going to have to put a tax on all in statues too. What all in things hanging around the point or you're going to put a big leaf out of. That's no fun. Come in a QAM. Hello. Neil. Maybe John S. Croft can do that. He's got a lot of time on his hands now. Yes, sir. Yeah, Colin from Sunrise Lake just promised they have much we love you over here. Wanna let George know just a quick point about that gas. You got your five pass surgery. I had it about two years ago. Lost about 160 pounds. But beyond that, I've been sick 10 times more after I've had that surgery than when I was 448. So think about it, George, before you do it. All right. I'll do it, George. I'll think it twice. George, you better not get it done. Don't do it, George. Don't do it. You're going to be new. You've fenced lobby. So you're going to have to do it. I'm saying that because I should tell you guys don't do it. Go to it. Do you think you haven't done it? You're all bound up now. Just wait. This is a real Roger. This is 5. 16. 18. This is the real Roger. This is a brilliant. Any questions? It's Dr. Ford comedy with a winers on Shut your pie hole. You know, just think about it. This is going to be never going to be going. We're never doing it. And if it's a fake one, it's the problem. It's always been kind of short. It just says you're out watching TV. Or crying out loud, shut your freaking pie hole. Yes, Dr. OJ seems to add shit. You know how it seems to be. I think you take care of this situation. Well, you just gotta be careful. If the cereal is too big, they've got to quit. I can't get it. Shut your pie hole. Shut your pie hole. I'm sorry, Mike. At eight. I'm a good one. You gotta do it. You wanted more? And you got it. The fact is, all is back. Singing 4 2 1 is positive. 6. 5 2. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Number 8 is back. Sharing off with a great singing 4 2 1 is positive. Which is even more 6 stars. The mat dog does them all. May the event be a rat. I'm a good one. Four balls. One ball. One ball. One ball. One ball. One ball. One ball. One ball. One ball. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. It's an all new tradition. We have a mad dog singing like a man. I like the fact. I like it. I'm going to truth this funny out that humanity was truly the fifth people. I'm going to get it in love and you can't live it in love. I love the world. I love the land. I'm going to die for some years. And now your hands are saved. You know as your needs say, you're going to be on the land. I'm going to die for some years. Oh, rat. Here's the best dogs and are in touching tribute to the king. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. It's a rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. The bad dog was just a little end-bibbling. When we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not. I don't think so. Oh, we had looked at Rodsy Pablell. He was, until of either his reigns or his signature would wind up on their contract. That's one of the fifths, too. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. And it's six. I'll do it. I'm available now if you won't quickly. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. So what do you think is really trying to tell us? Oh, rat. That's what I think. 11.04. There's your body, Julie Reminds. I mean, why we remain here. The mother. Oh, rat. Oh, rat. To America's national security. And how we intend to win. Oh, brother. So anyway, I'm sure you want to hear a lot more about Howard's last day on Professor Radio, though. Because FMQB is just obsessed. I mean, they're just all over it. Like stink on a man, he bail man. Like stink on fat boy. And by the way, George, don't get that by-pass. You know, what else am I going to do? I've tried all the diets. Surely to be considered one of the longest advice in history of broadcasting approximately 14 months. Howard Stern's last week on the Professor Radio was being a beginning of before joining serious headlight radio January 9th has been filled with last and tears. Guess goodbyer, parents is live and via phone from show regular past in person and playing of bits from the past 20 years. Most likely never be heard again at all, culminating within a spinal show, which included a rally complete with pomp and circumcised speeches and lots of, uh, lot to be expected to baution front of thousands of fans of all over the West, who gather outside New York City studios of certain flagship station WXRKK rock. Following brief speeches to be assembled crowd from Stern's show members Robin Quibbers, already laying Gary Bababu Guilabate in Fred Norris. A lot of he's getting to Gordon Norris. With Yahoo streamed on the internet by the way, OG, you could have heard it. Stern took to the stage and proclaimed that a fan appreciation day. Cleaning for incredibly broadcasting to let me have my tapes back. Stern spent about 20 minutes thinking the fans his show team, his black packers, the New York City police and soldier serving around the world. He also roused the crowd with his dissing of clear channel for firing him, the FCC and the religious right. Before the crowd chance of Howard Howard began Stern's final remarks were, don't break up the family it'll be a great ride in the future. Immediately following the final broadcaster and boarded the double-decker Yahoo bus and took his fan into blocks away to the hard rock campaign for a party that was to include music from Cheryl Crow. Ooh! Are you impressed about that? Wow! Cheryl Crow, I'd be more impressed if the Crow showed up than Cheryl Crow. But nevertheless, at least we're telling you. Huh? I said, at least the Crow would be smelling good. I'd like to hear you smell just fine man. He bades in a cage merbouquet. 1478 votes on the poll. How do you rate yourself as a human being? Be pretty good! 767. See, average 245. D, many flaws, 171 and yet that one after the 17th of Nancy Beast is the odd one. Believe me. A, the best 158, better than all the rest of us. They must be sensational people. God, I'd like to meet some of them before I croak. F, I'm a piece of Schmidt, 122. And E, not a good person, 16. I think he or F would be there. So even his wife is getting a sick and tear, huh? Hmm. Now, you, well, now we're going to go there. What? Believe me. It's tempting. I'm not doing it. So Barry Jackass writes the biggest story in sports broadcasting of the year. 790, the ticket grabbing, golfing games from QAmen on Vailing and New and Onsing Team. Jimmy Siffles and Joe Rose. That's his, uh, flagship, uh, he's a partner or a station. In other words, he's got his head up there, ass. Actually, they ingread the games. They spent $4.5 million a season, which they'll never make back if they lived to be a thousand, especially with their tears. Number two, Jim Mandage, staying at QAmen instead of moving to 790 for Dolphin Games and a talk show, moved that hurt 790 as much as it helped WDQAM. Absolutely. Best newcomer to the market, Dave Strater, the a pantsabraw Cancer, longtime NHL voices, capable of replaced the Afermer and moved to the Columbus stray jackets. Three, NBC's six is Adam Cooperstein and Channel 7's Larry Ridley, both were upgraded to the lead. Cooperstein, Cooper. Both were upgrades over those they replaced Lindsay Brownie and Rod Burks. Adam Cooperstein? Yeah, you like, he's pretty good. Yeah, and I think you'd like him. What do you mean, you think I'd like him? He's a young hip guy. I see. Always like that Adam Cooperstein. Kevin Rogers, talk show host is brought a presence and drive with the 790s evening slot and can't improve too much on that. Oh, let me be a little bit. Kevin Rogers, have you heard him? Do you know who that is? Yeah, I know who he is. And very benign to split. Very benign, I see. Most bizarre stories is very 790s. Rosenberg walking off his own show when he was criticized by co-host O.J. McDefey for not talking more about the dolphins. We want some more dolphin love, man. And of course, a contrived episode in their part that went over like a pregnant pull-over in the equator in the middle of July. Most outrageous move, the panther is telling the renounces to be positive during a horrible start for the season. That again is Buries and I have to take. He didn't understand it. That all the organizations do that. They're all over their broadcasts, and he's like, stink on a fanboy. Whatever you do, it will be positive. We got to get some asses and O.C.s. Begas, head scratch, and the dolphins unnecessarily drawing after an ounce of search for five months. And first offering to drive the Tony-sigaretto who went and done play by play in a quarter of a century. And then it's chewing the conventional approach to pair two former dolphins in the booth, including a play by play in an ounce of Jimmy Siffles who had done mostly color commentary. Well, I see that the networks, Chris Hollensworth, who is despised by virtually everybody, he's being up to maybe a play by play guy. Another obnoxious move. Although it's not that Jimmy Siffles obnoxious, he's just unqualified. Week. Most unfortunate trends several of the markets play by play in ounces lack the commanding voices that we were accustomed to during the days of more Howard David. He'll be able to do it. He'll be able to Brian and Long before Rick Weaver. Worst move, Fox S. F.S.N. and Q.A.M. not carrying the news conference announcing Jack McKenzie's resignation. Oh my goodness. How could we ever get away with that? I'm sure must have happened between ten and two, so it's like very taken a little shot. Well, I got that knee a rodger's on between ten and two. Doesn't talk about sports. He got that filthy disgusting program. And we, you know, and if we have another one, it was deals. Just like the hiring of Joe Girardi, everybody knew it long before the press conference. Just like the firing of a standband. I mean the resignation standband gunby and we hiring a pad rider, which we also didn't carry that one. Most created programming, son sports series of inside the heat clever profiles. Oh man. I'm sorry. I missed that. So that's basically what very has to say today, bunch of cock-out. 560560 pound, 560 in the Verizon singular rifle, it's not rough to a fine start on the phones. Not in quantity, David and quality. You couldn't beat these, could you? No, not with the stick. WDQA.M. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I'm great. Are you happy to know that the Pentagon is spying on Americans that don't like war? Yeah, they're probably spying on my ass. So I want for us to say, you know, it's a, your anti-war, I guess you're, you're such a being spied on. I'm a German. John Dean can expect this. As an artifact, I got a story here which I'm never going to get to because I don't feel like it, but I guess there are 80,000, 80,000 people on the US terror watch list. 80,000. Well, you have my uncle's one of them because he happens to have the name of the IRA terrorist. He's been, he's been stopped on more than a few occasions because he happens to have a common Irish name. Well, we did. One other thing I wanted to mention was, I don't know if he saw the New York Times article that came out about how the US is monitoring international calls and push gave the order for it. Yeah. They're just really, really like about it was at the time to greet at the behalf of an administration official to not publish the story for a year. Not the publisher story for a year, you know. They may have been an election at or near the time and, you know, because they were so truthful to the New York Times and the lead up to the war. Exactly. I'm the dealer for a head of a refined finger stuck out. Yeah, sir. You're super secret top clearance for, uh, okay. I don't like to watch Kelly and don't forget, Deutschland Uber Allis. See, practice that ghost that baby. We're ghost, Evan. What are you John McCain? I'm a king of the severance. Who leaves me kind of limp. I know a lot of you people think he's really a wonderful American and he's a big enough this anti torture stuff and yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. But nevertheless, he's all over the place. I'm better than Joe Lieberman. Oh, we like him a lot there. We like, you know something? We like even, uh, don't go into Lieberman. I'm a stewardley, we're moving in. And, um, but it would be pretty good to talk about. On his Mrs. Limbaugh talking over poor stewardley, we're moving. Why'd you do that, honey? Well, who's that me as kind of that he's gone on? I had to say. I mean, a swat? What's the face couple? Who is he? I mean, a couple. Oh, I have no idea who that is. That's not Ted Coffles daughter. I believe it is. Yes. Oh, my God. That must be the reason she got an administrative, uh, a co-order state department. From her lovely appearance. It's 11 13 at 5, 16, W Q A M. Pompano Park Racing and Poker's got the gambling action you want. In fact, today in this weekend and for a long time, teaching live harness racing in the Great Poker Card. Room Pompano Park is open every Wednesday Friday like today and Saturday. And best of all, admission and parking are always free at Pompano Park. Come over to him a winner from the railroad, scream at Wally Hennessey and tell me's a stiff or enjoy poker in our smoke free card room with tournaments every day. I'll see you'll find Samlcasting every single day, and this week, Carnester, but highlight action from all across North America. Post time for the first race, 725 PM in the Card room, open Z noon, which means less than our from now. There's take candidate. That's right. It's right in the filibuster against the Patriot Act. You go boys. Puff, puff, puff, puff. Just don't do like to these puff. I don't show it up. Puff, puff, puff, puff, like that. Come and do a fine dining at Pompano Park in the top of the park. Where's right on the sixth floor and every Wednesday. Don't forget is dollar night, or is bill column would say dollar night. Would draft your hot dog so doesn't lots more just to book a piece. Pompano Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road, for more info and a curracing schedule. Just to get that phone to call 9504-972-2000, or visit their website at pompanopark.com. Don't forget the a car room opposite noon today in live racing tonight. 725 in a PM at pompano park. This is real Roger. This is 516-15. The O.O.O.O. Gah. Hacen you on QM. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in the wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard in the wreck. Not the national guard at now. But, got about it. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. It's not a call here. It's not a one rated divino. I wouldn't have been in his own dignity. At least according to my ass, variations. No, no, no, no. Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children. Beerabah. Hello. I want your take on J.P. You, J.P. Is a great court of I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh yeah! Here's going to be given what you see here. Oh, get up. Thank you, ma'am. No, no wait a minute. Oh, go. Nothing else to say. How about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am. I'm the right down the street from you. I am. Oh, I know. Wait, by the way. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over to break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old indentations. How's that? Wait, wait. That was the only call that we had. The thing that I know is growing again. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. Wow. Oh, he's got faith with you. And you know that I just made. And around those golden mimos, you walk high. I want to know, go, love. And don't fear I can see. I wrote past love, yet so let me. You got your happy son. Wait, do I say I say I'm not going? I know, close when something's staying. Almost every day I think. And my things, and they start to tickle me. I had to know, and the toy toy toy toy toy. Yeah, I'm full. I got all of that. I got my cogs on the old bar. And I know that I still have a little bit more pain. I got to know what to say. And I just have a little bit more pain. Oh, no, no. I'm full. I got all of that. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I got a sicker. Oh, no. I got a sicker. I got a sicker. I got a sicker. I got a sicker. Yeah, more. I'm more. I'm a little bit more. What the hell is this book pie of an assay that it grows apart? Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Yeah. Sure. It was a pot throw on the bus. But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man. And played with balls in a major league of a children's game. I mean, like, I mean, come on. Who's the more put a black community? Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson. Ha! Jackie Robinson was my hero. Why I can remember when I was a much younger man. And Jackie, he was working at the job full of nuts. I walked up to him, shook his hand at it and said to me, you would, oh, my hero. Now get an acropocoffee and make it black. You think Rosa made coffee not heavily? No, I'm going to live with you. What do you want? Yes, no. I think what you're doing. Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you a black man? Yes. I can't help it, I've only found it. Who did more put a black community? Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson? Oh, it's two separate things. What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that unprecedented. Oh, he must have been not disconnected through no fault of my own. Call me any time pal. You're running a high thorns. Who have it today? You'll be telling touch about to disbump with a black man. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what I said to you. That don't get me wrong here. It goes up like this. Who did more often a black community? Rosa Parks or Nipsy Russell? Lipsy Russell. I don't understand what I'm saying. I don't know. You'll be talking about man. You're a guy get up. The food they want. That's right. Why should I try? The food they want. The food they want. No, no, no, no. Who did more? There's a park. There's a park. Oh yeah. Who did more? Who's a park tonight? Who did more? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Who did more? Where did the park park? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what I'm saying. I didn't touch that. Who? My old pal, Troy. Who? The team with a high standards of broadcasters. Who? Who? I don't know. I don't know. Who? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Who? I don't know. Then do you deal with the high standards of broadcasters? In the tradition of Edward Armero's scene at now, five, six, the UW-QAM presents now seen here with no highly David. I just won't have any dignity. I'll say here. I don't know, gig here. And if I am so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is told. Now, see here who did more for radio? Nearoges? Oh, hey, Oscar Anderson. And one of my most beloved movies. Hello, again. Here is my best view. Are you guys all right? I say, hey, Oscar Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio. And at Pike's Mokha, he ain't no man. Why, the Hoyb Oscar Anderson sang nice song. Oh, he had a key. Are you guys all right? There are no loudest notes in the song. But none of them did make for with the toy toy toy. I sure. That's it. That's it. Neal, singin' the disturbing songs about day go with the toy toy. And then a bag of the one, he writes a minute and then he'll sing some. Now, you know he's queen it. But real men don't sing. Oh, yeah. And another boy, Oscar Anderson. But the lot better than the old two. That dance will be the best thing seen. And the next one is the... House CD. Who made it better cup of coffee? This is Olson. Or Jackie Robinson. Yeah, man. Now, see me here next time for Bowen Dignits. On House CD. Not there over here. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Fuck. Oh, fuck. What the fuck is that? I'm gonna read my phone. I'm gonna see here, if he's busted. I'm gonna read my phone. I'm gonna get a three-up break and you'll be right. I hate you. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I don't gotta get any, I don't wanna go on. So, my son, check this phone. What do you want? Oh, fuck you, I'm gonna cheat me. What do you want? I'm gonna take the meal and fix me. What do you want? I just want my little thinking show. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I'm begging you to take a wave on our plan. You'll be too rude, but in my time, what the hell do I do? I don't wanna get any, I don't wanna get any. I'm gonna be right through my family, I'm on. Yeah! When I'm on, I'm gonna go to the house. Yeah! I'm gonna go to the house. I'm gonna go to the house. Oh, that's what I'm on. Oh, that's what I'm on. We both have a back time. I'm gonna go to the house. I think we know what we're gonna do. That's what I'm on. Yeah, I was my own, stay to shop. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I don't think it's a shop. Yeah, I got this big one. Oh, no! Let me see, six of you, I am. So, let's see. Iraqi security forces caught in surgery. Your abum was set up all as a car. We in the Felugia area last year, but... ...released him. Because... ...in relationally was the deputy of the Interior Minister of Senate, and the New York-American candidate. The Minister of the name, by the way, is Major General who's saying, come all. I see. All right. I like that. Oh, you might want to... What was the report? I'm very important. I said, how's it going? I said, you want to say an Iraqi little message in the chat room there. I've been trying to get a response from Eric since this morning. Really? Yeah. What does that mean? I haven't got really? You trying to call him? Yeah. Because I, uh, thanks to my new pool for the weekend, which needs to go up some time and I'll ask a couple of hours. I want to switch it over before I leave. I... So you might want to pass that message along. Maybe Eric is like out of commission. Maybe he's like out of touch. Or maybe he's just as usually the case, eating. This is Neil Rotterr! This is by 162. I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. I've been like a half-night man. I've been everywhere. I've been the rain those cars, those park-o-minutes, and the fuck below the round, those whins, those there, those who are the ones who don't know. They're all the way home. They're all the way home. They're all the way home. They're all the way home. We're going to South Carolina. And over home up. And out of soda. I know what the gun is. I knew that he could go. It's Texas. In New York. San Francisco. In the air. I've been everywhere. We're on the California. In the air. We're going to South Dakota. In Florida. In Florida. In the air. I've been everywhere. I know what the gun is. I knew that he could go. I had to go and the balls came to our own position. Oh, we're going to California. In Texas. In the middle of the country. All the people in Clark, Black Rock, Liverpool, and the Rock Austin. We're going to South Carolina. In Michigan. In his democratic race. He didn't sing. I sang to him. In the way of man. I've been everywhere. In the air. In the air. In my skin. I've been everywhere. And then we're going to Washington. We see the day of the way down. Yeah! Wow! Wow! We are leaving one track but we are going on another track. How are the two matches? We're not coming out. All the teams are seeing the classic runs teams. We're heading inside the30s with alcohol on the company, because we're not coming out here with alcohol, we're not gonna go man. Juksman and our partner, and we, and later on at our title. Hyper-거든요, hyper- wives, free-ord scissors, a five-ton- borrowed Christmas mousacre WWE World Cup Festival of 2017! Take that go out! Our team sings classic rock! It's a piece of art now! And then the Lord said, let there be light and rule! There was light from the same people who brought you the much-ville of talking Bible comes a new 10-billion-sex brilliantly updated for the 80s. Yes, it's the wrapping Bible! There was dark everywhere then the man said, like in the night was the day and he said, I've done good, there's no doubt on the 7th day he just jumped out, give us six, give us six beginning of death, beginning of death finally the good book is there, and his word is not there check it out, there's a child call sign up and the more everybody's like, look tomorrow God's a thousand, now my fault! Do it back or you turn to the light! Wait until the beat started to freeze the cow came up and makes a sheep take a leg here of a sheep here imagine all the thong, all the parables every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest suckers in seeds of all time! Oh, wrapping Bible making his word fresh again! Every good Christian knows he came to play but it's not so very hard to do but I'm a star, a name of the game It's a Bible that says, you are perfect to where we do, tell people you know the way if I did to your house, say if there's a decision to wait and then you burn it down you can get somebody to believe that I think but you say, you're Bible saved through God's a thousand, now that what you do you can think of a way God will always work if you pick up the poison this way, God will always pray where they all round, round, round, round find the portion clean it and you to doctor down everybody pray for the King of the Old King! you're going to hear me over this by the way! You're going to write a feedback God will still tell me God will say, you're Bible saved through God will always pray for the King of the Old King make a sacrifice you get the hand of the sound You're I am a kitchen standard that you are the agent. I am a kitchen standard in yours. What we like about it best type of home is where we address I am a kitchen standard in yours. Why are you a kitchen standard in yours? Why are you a kitchen standard in yours? We have no rules that can prove it. Driver have to make a living. Why are you a kitchen standard in yours? I am a kitchen standard in yours. I am a kitchen standard in yours. I am a kitchen. To fuck up, we will go to the side of the house, Dr. Ghost, my original favorite kitchen. Are you a kitchen standard in yours? I am a kitchen standard in yours. We are a kitchen standard in yours. My religion's better than your religion. The minor religions better than your race. We knock on doors of others, you like over the last few years, My religion's better than your race. But religious letters that you are, You do religion, my religion's better than your race. We were tithing by our bikes and getting very lice of wise, My religion's better than your race. My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for my Muslim and your race. My religion's better than your race. We'll see him spectacular like in there. I think it is too. Speak of that story. I will. The story that the guy I called in about. President Bush side of Secret Order in 2002, authorizing the National Security Agency to evade rob any of his citizens and foreign nationals in the US, despite previous legal prohibitions against such domestic spying sources of knowledge of the program said last night. The super-secretive NSA, which has generally been barred from domestic spying, except in very narrow circumstances involving foreign nationals, has monitored the email telephone calls and other communications of hundreds, perhaps thousands of people under the program, the New York Times disclosed last night. The end of the program was to rapidly monitor the phone calls, and other communications of people in the USA, believe we have contact with the suspect of the associates of Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups overseas, or maybe even Al Goldstein, according to two former senior administration officials. Authorities including a former NSA director, Dr. General Michael Hayden, were worried that vital information can be lost in the time of particular war for a special surveillance court. But the program's rammer case is also prompted concerns from some court as including Senator Jay Rockefeller, the ranking Democrat on the intelligence committee and the presiding judge of the surveillance court, which oversees lawful domestic spying court of the times. The times they had to held off on publishing its story about the NSA program for a year after administration officials, said its disclosure would harm national security. The White House made no comment last night. A senior official reached by telephone until the issue was too sensitive to talk about. None of several press officers found a telephone email list. There you go. Two sensitive to talk about. Mom is the word. You understand? Kind of like what Clarissa was telling me this morning. Two sensitive talk about. Now did the Iraqi-Ariker responses he missing M.I. We're all on board. We're all on the same page. Because I'm good worried. I'm thinking of whatever the beast is not eating. Now, Erica is like trying to compensate. This is the real Rogers. This is 5.16. A.F. Why do you trust him? A.R. A.R. Oh, don't lie. All the hard burn. No, don't go. Every time I see. No, don't go. Every time I see. No, don't go. No, don't go. I'm not a TV. I'm a TV. Friendly, it's a... Revolve it, muscle it. And in our team in the area. I don't know why. Greywood is one to never know. You see, here's another day for you. Oh, a president of... What the f***? Oh, what I can do. No, don't go. No, don't go. And get to we go for it. Oh, oh. And get to we go for it. Oh, oh, oh. Here's your one best. Come on, go. It's drumming, speaking. Come on, go, go. Come on, go. Come on, go. Get rich, get rich. Come on, go. Easy, then. Come on, go. Come on, go. Come on, go. Come on, go. Come on, go. You don't care what it's all. You got to be here by her first impression. All I know is what's best. You and I have a hope no fear. We've got a great leader. Oh, with president's son. F***. I'll be there for a minute. Oh, well, it's a little f***. I'll be there for a minute. F***. Oh, oh. F***. We are the new Christian team. F***. Towards four states, our Christ and faith. F***. We are a random ignorant monk once. F***. Christo, the alabrins of darkness. F***. In sacrifice, we must ingest. The body and blood of full one's flesh. We'll see the warning to the real life of the Holy Mahayas. We'll see the wounded, the dead, the dead, the blood of the army. We'll find the Mahayas. And see the dead, the poor shall suffer. We'll see the poor shall die. We'll see the poor shall die. We'll see the poor shall die. enforce fraud files, let themselves send a letter to the shoes, please Cardiff, you raise 250 here. Police force 감iliation, give us hoe. Oh, show me who are you to call Lancupiah. She won't. Shits are paid. They are f***ing to us. You've made a probesrogethis stroke. Right there, right. Time toänner the slぎ, right here. There's no war Пр bulls. There is no justice, Well here we will live. This can't be the case of this. Now, in the competition, the George, the next one acquires us to surrender a lot of stress because of Katrina and Rita and you're drinking again. I hope you're much more drink. That's not good George. And the people of Ukraine. When you talk about, I said that I wanted to be a George. And, uh, what's up? George, you've got to be... No, you've got to be more careful and present. Okay. So, look, Petty Friedmanquen себе... Just Body Luke... True Pastor continually glaring... ...with the current ambassador at Appliedermo International news. And Your Parks ... Series TREDHA800D Stand tuned! There's more candid demonstration to come. Leaving for aρεzeriel chainsaw slightly chilly. Each bowl is full of your USA requirement of vitamins V1BV52, V818S16 and S17. So when you're cruising down the runway as your local grocers don't forget to pick up new GsW bush flags. It is six plausibly good. A bunch of George, a red that yours for you to just continue their search for WMVs. Those weapons are not rushing. George, you promised you'd find them. I will not rest. Oh, no weapons over there. George, what are you doing? No weapons over there. Mr. Bush, I switched the medication if I was you. George, chill. Nope, no weapons over there. Wait out. No help. Time out. No help. Nope. Nope. And no. On the campaign trail with George W Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the United Workers and South Carolina's turbine town factory right in the air in the lava. And the South Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker. I'll over the world. Hey, Bush, what are you all about working? I've never had worked today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, palm-o'l of your soaking in. Let's go to the next question. You, my. Ah, yes, sir. Yeah, well, you go to the guys, now water. Good question. The important substantive marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. BCP. Airwin. Probably. Ventures. And fedemines. With added act. With added act. With added act. Now you. What are you doing to the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot of water. Can I get a lot of water? Don't tell me, Bush, thank you very much. We got to go. Oh, you're a fan of trade-off. With George W. Bush. Oh, that's serious. Great. Welcome to the show. Please, President Cheney. This is you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these signs. And we need him for four more years. How did George get re-elected anyhow? Got his job because he's a charming, sexy, good-looking and as great-are. You and George are fuddy. How come? The president lives in the America. And the thing about the WMDs. It is a lie. When is the last time you w lie? Yes, this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man. Because he's stutter so fast. At the very least, we have a right to know what he is saying. I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you backstage. I admitted that the Cheney's can ask. Oh, here's George now. The Cheney's bed. And the tape from Muzle. Because they lie. It's not the cheney's. It's great. I'm George W. Bush. And I approve this message. It's common sense of where he is the question I asked. Our ears are children learned. Families where our nation finds hope. Where wings take drake. And you're working hard to put food on your family. Prison's like, I've moved out in my state of the Union or state of my state of the nation. I really want to call it. It's basically this. No, they are almost on the Goon Ninyo Tross. I'm honored to send the hand of the Braver Act of the Silicidory. I just hand cut off by Saddam Hussein. You teach it to how to read. And here, her will be able to pass a literacy test. Her enemies are innovating and resourceful. And so we're weak. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people. And neither do we. There's no saying in Tennessee. I know it's the best of probably Tennessee. This is the school new ones. Shame on you. The school new ticket pool again. I hear this rumors on the internet. Too many good doctors. Get out of business. Too many OBGYNs are unable to practice their love with women all across this country. You're free and freedom is beautiful. And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos in order. But we will. You guys are sure hope it's not the administration. I was young. I never responsible once. But never got high. I may have seen a joint or two. But I never got high. Oh, sure me and my college buddies did eight ball lines. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high. Never got high. Not my lips had just out the hall before. But I never got high. I may have stumbled and fell on the floor, but not because I was high. I'm planning to say you did the record of my past of D.U.R. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high. Never got high. Not I know what our one is. So I never got high. This president has seen the dangers of hot. So I never got high. In fact, a personally witness, a seed, right in my eye. But hey, hey, I never got high. Never got high. Never got high. Not I'm not. It's so I'm pretty so into QM anyway. Which I switched to poll. How do you like that? Aren't you so? Well, you don't have to worry about it. I go vote for the weekend and from Monday. You're all set the best. 2005 movie I've seen is. All right. Let me look through the list. I made a list then. I've you think I left anything off or the audience will find out. I did some very intensive research. I spent several seconds. But 30 seconds. 30 seconds. Put it together. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. Underneath. And this portion of the New Rogers in 12. So when our is brought to you by the letter 12. One group of bi-tics. And we'll take the title of the twill. So I'll see you in the next video. Or for me. And that's the absolute joy. All right. That's it. Sunday you'll be dead. That's it. Someday we'll all be dead. Absolutely. The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day. Young girl, rich or poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it. So it looks long at that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you've seen. Take a great your house in green and red. Because someday you'll be dead. That's it. Someday you'll be dead. Someday you'll be dead. Someday we'll all be dead. It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will soon soon soon soon you. So be sure, over and over, see even you snuggle it to death. That you think God bore your family. Because someday they'll be dead. Death, death, death, death. Oh, someday they'll be dead. Death, death, death. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas and the sun that denies your night? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And so on, Christmas morning, let good tidings through your head. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Death, death, death. Death, death. Someday we'll be dead. What a Christmas to you. Death, death, death. What a Christmas to you. Death, death. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Merry Christmas, everybody. But critics agree, this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. Yes, candle wax music presents, Elmer Fudz, Christmas classics, and this 24 record set is truly incredible. The most beautiful, single, single, one way. Oh, what fun is to ride in a one horse open square? Oh, what fun you have, hearing these timeless classics, performed by America's most beloved huddle of weapons. Who's on the way? No one's waiting, dear. Has a very shiny note. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well. Elmer Fudz, Christmas classics, not available in stores. And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why. Oh, everybody. I shall hope you like my Christmas classics. So call to Korea. 1-800-FUN. Oppo winners are standing by. Santa Claus is coming to town. Frosty the snowman was a cold name for this guy. He was standing, drop okay, cooking for the people who do but. Went down to the village to see the new clientele. Like a little bit, I don't do the drop. I just like the way you smell. But our friend met a tragic end when one day he was soft. And that who he had made the deal, turned out to be a cop. Oh, now he's in prison. Making love to other men. No he isn't gay but he had to pay for the Indian. Pumpkin is from pumpkin is from pumpkin to catacamdi. Rectom. Rectom. Pumpkin is from pumpkin is from pumpkin. From all because of love. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Rectom. Right, skillic Jews. It's a hate squad. Yes, the hate squad is coming. See your house, this Christmas. Two hate your public interaction figures and teach you how to participate in good Christmas Republic's partisan rhetoric. It's a great feeling, too. He meant if he was the Roman, but they were in joy. On finalist with the great, and zongers like us with all. We don't want to let him look. We want to let him look. We want to know how the votes. It's a joy to live. It's a joy to live. It's a joy to live. And faith's practice. It's paining. Life is power bill, so separately. Each action figures comes with its own 12-page propaganda booklet. Explaining how the Jews would present from them. Ten bullets was a search this war of brings what the armed men and an additional island he's so hating on his boss. But hurry, these action figures send them available for a short time only yet. Just pop an hour on. Just in time for the holidays. The most unusual Christmas album ever. All-girl, win free birds, the Christmas classics. Listen to all-girl pass, gas, and Christmas masks. All-girl, win free birds, the Christmas classics. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. All-Bable in the free-sers section at realms. Have that made much better. Good room. Good room. All-Bable in the free-sers section. Well, if you are curious about your route, you may identify how to prepare for that. Did you start being in the free-sers section? I think that was the key. All-Bable of the free-sers section. What are you ordering torture? A, the best 169 people that none of us have ever met. The best, they are perfecto. F, I'm a piece of Schmidt, 129. I think we'd have met some of them. You know what I mean? No, no, no, no. Not a good person 16. Okay, the new pool. It's up there right now. Got the 59 votes. Not too exciting. 59. The best 2005 movie I've seen is, Didn't see any 20. That was mine. 20, yeah, 20. You see any? Nope. No. You can see in other words, you got to have an end to that. Correct. I saw a few of them. What do you laugh about? I mean, you might not have seen any. What you're making, who the hell can afford it? What in crazier six Batman begins six in 75. Brokeback Mountain 4. That's that. Yeah, cowboy movie. King Kong 3 Star Wars is a 3, 3. H2, Harry Potter, the Goblin of Fire 2. War the World's 2. Charlie on the Chopper Factory 1. That's Johnny Dep. Mr. Mrs. Smith 1. Million's 1. We for madness 1. Madagascar 1. Be cool 1. And none yet for the family stone. The producers, long as your I bow to Jack and Rose. Yellow Parker November. Happy endings. Capote which is a pretty new. Very new. The jacket non-medidor and dear Wendy. Got the big. Oh, so there's nothing that pops to mind that I've left on. Nothing I can say. Well, do a little bit of research while you're sitting around your ass. The face is real Rogers. For now. This is by 1628. How? I'm Tommy from Taitami. Tang from the best high food and a best service. As long as you're not black, come on down to Taitami or South East. We're in all like black people. Say don't keep well. Besides, white black people are three Taitami anyway. We're not half fried chicken on the menu. Oh wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. Good thing. I told you. Because I spare ribs are made of metal but oh. So if you're not black, come on down to Taitami. Come to think of it. So stamp gay people. We're not like damn eaters. Should they keep food? But they talk too loud with funny lists. They serve other customers. No comeback. So no gay, no black. And while we're at it, light a people. You make reservation for 715. Don't show up at 820 and it's for you table. We give you to somebody else already. Lack of people are always late. No black, no gay, no like an entice coming. And George people, you stop figuring all of you. Who can't who have what? Pay with I'm gold. Satter upside. Text 45 minutes to try to divide up still. We ain't all want you here. No Jew, no black, no fat, no human. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't keep your eyes. You all know come back. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latino, no gay. Everybody else, for the best high food. Come on down to tie to me on the beast. Hurry before we have to claw. And have a nice day. A couple more that we forgot about. How do we forget about the Ed Murrow movie? Oh, that's right. What's that called? Good night and good luck. Good night and good luck. And then he would light up another one. Puffing and puffing on him. Faggot's. And now he's doing it. And the other one is crash. Haven't several people recommended. And told me that was going to be I would love it. And it's great. And it said when someone forgot all about it. Well, let's crash it. What's going on? Can I help you? Yes, I can. Can I have a bus to visit the restaurant for sale? Yes. Yes. We're here. I'll take it. Take it. Ah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, hold on. Okay. Yes. Hello. How are you? I'm from the hospital. Yes? Yes. Hello. Who's speaking? Huh? Ah, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? Ah, how much you want for the sun? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat, eat dinner with you. Okay. Ah, does, a job price include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Do you want the sun? The Chinese. Yes, Chinese. Okay. So, uh, uh, the whole lot of people. Two people? Two? Two? Two people, right? One people, right? One people? Yes. Two people? No, no, no. Okay. I'll get all the people I want to see. I'll get the other people. Okay. Okay. Yes? Um, you know, do you know where to go? Two people, right? You know where to go. Yes, yes, you know. Uh, do you want to fly a sawman? Yes, yes. Uh, yes, yes, yes. Go to the beach. Okay, I'll be right there. Okay. Okay. I'll get the sun. They'll fly the sun. Go to the beach. Okay. Okay. Bye. I'm which take number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. Follow along and repeat. Chinese takeout manager. No, hello, I'm your manager. What's wrong with that? Oh, customer. Yes. I would like an egg roll to go. Please. Takeout manager. I want to scream. I want to scream. I want to scream. I want to scream. I want to scream. I want to scream. Customer. I would prefer the egg roll, please. Takeout manager. Okay. I'm gonna lose your signal without. Repeat. I want to lose your signal without. Customer. No. No, Mushu. Thank you. And I requested an egg roll, please. Okay. Please. You want to move that up? No. No. No. No. Just an egg roll. All right. No. No. No. Just want an egg roll. Understand? No. I don't. No. I don't. I don't. No. No. I don't want any. I just want an egg roll. No. Okay. Here goes. Yes. All right. I want to move that up. Now, can we take over for language tape number eight? Giving directions to Iranian taxi drivers. And now, language lab, the show that teaches you a four-layage in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson, Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strong very pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Let's see three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie is still on very important. Language lab is a public service and may not be copied or a thrice resale thank you. Language tape number six. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager. Hello. May I be to have a new school? Repeat. Hello. May I be to have a new school? Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Are you a part of the late? Repeat. You want to have a part of the late? Customer. Yes. I would like a part of the late. Convenience store manager. Are these a part of the late? Repeat. Is these a part of the late? At least one part of the late. Customer. No. Neither one. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great. No. Is it a little bit? No. It's not that one. You want to finally make it? Yes. I want the Parliament lights. Is it a little bit? No. The part of the Parliament light. No. No. Get your seats up. No. No. The only one that's dirty magazine. What's that laundry hand? It's a Parliament light. No. Turn this tape over for language tape number seven. Ordering Chinese. Food over the phone. Oh yeah. That's your one again. Oh. You are going to add those two to the online. Check in the spelling. Oh, I see. The spelling about crash. Yeah. The spelling of what? Good night and good luck. Oh, one word. Two words. Four words. I see. Let's get it absolutely correct. You know how to do that. That's a good idea. Here's what we got so far. Ninety-six votes. The best 2000. I mean, here's damn overs. I can't imagine anything else needs to be on later on. The best 2000 food move. My five movie I've seen so far didn't see any of them 34. That was maybe I haven't seen anything on here, including the admiral movie. I'll see you soon. You give me a bootleg copy. So I can call yesterday. And just fine. Bad reviews though. Well, it was just fine. Okay. Well, I don't pay attention reviews anyway. It usually site. Since the 99, when in crashers and batman begins eight, Star Wars 3-7, Robback Mountain 5 that is so gay. War of the worlds. Five definitely did not need to be remade. King Kong 4. Harry Potter, the Goblin of Fire 4. Mr. Misses Smith, 3. Hitches got 3. Be cool too. The producer's won. Toronto, the chocolate factory won. One for millions. We've remanded this. Met a gasp with the jacket. And none. Zero. For the family stone. Longest yard. Valor jacket. Rose, Ellie Parker. November. And a scum potty, the manager or your wedding. And I'm positive those other ones are going to show up like momentary. This is New Roger. This is based by 16. Eight. What is that? What is that? No. No. No. So. Sir. I hear everybody walking so. And every little rock talking so. You're feeling me around. If the door looks to the open for four stairs. All through the safe. People are catching a day. You will never think to be only. No. Sorry. I hear a scene so celery. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. And every rock in the house. An bricks we learn is none our control stuff. And then this all goes well on his heart. And the shout has all wins. P Example means amazing. But forever. I'm a baby old man, well, I'm a f***er. We're here to meet our luck in salt. We need to never think I ever saw your roots with you. It's just ghostly dogs and you never had it in your soul chain. You're mine, but in Illinois, never made. We don't believe that you're a hiky band. Outside, you're a dope, fainting band, Democrats. Get every bell on to your songs. Thanks for your help, hey, oh boy. Hey, hey, hey. I'm a hiky band. Bill Clinton was exposed as an adult rur. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly. But now is my turn to show him what I had discovered. On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro. There was a mischievous gleam in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm, delicious! Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself and sheer physical sensation. A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night, I was ushered upstairs until to put on a wig and hoopskirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that athletic anymore. But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When Stevie finished, I felt numb. Another surprise soon followed Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Mick Jagger. Bill didn't mind. After all, true happens. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980, at 11 24 pm. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yaked me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her. I said, okay. Chelsea was old by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looks at him and said, bad things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. But even more frightening at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home. Only to be sold again to a poor house. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh, yeah, right I said. Looking like a day's fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. Oh, I don't know what it is about and that why new voices are there. They know these, goofy hats, titles, megalons, I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way. And I send my tis a lids and every speech I love regains it. And then you fall away. Hillary hates you. That the move is you. We hate truth through the host, us and people's thoughts about it. And then you fall away. Hillary hates you. And we'll catch her light as a mongoran. God keep us ever one-ther full of rants. And once she speaks I want the grunt she could use a good reply in some of the moves. Oh, Hillary hates you. And please, that we've already taken drugs. So we do have a lot. We need more. And that's what this meeting and these announcements are about. We need to ask also. Why aren't we doing drugs with other drugs? I remember more than 30 years ago. I was exposed to some of the greatest drugs in the country. So I know firsthand from 30 years in my own behalf and watching experts. So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning and that we will be even more committed to drugs. Thank you all very much. We're panicking. We're panicking. The song is elected. We're the best chance. Again, the music is a very few years and never cheated. We're panicking. And not because we can make your health. I know she's too wins. So both of her Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, She's got to touch. Stand by her man. She can't do it. No one can cheat bomb. And a lawyer to gently follow us. She'll push through. Get out of that, fabric right in. For Hillary, Hillary Clinton, Her name's Dr. Riss at truth. But ain't the nut that push has been tried on you. You can't take the final key, but are not half the final ads. Hillary, but early, but often. For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, She's been a great political wild. Just to read, watch on your hudges. Just like Hillary, Amel the plea of Maca. And even for Rome, the next Hillary wins. They're all out shown. But early, but often. For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, She's got to L.A.R.W. Hillary, Hillary, she's our guy. You're great, see. Of our good thoughts. She looks like she's got to off instead of Hillary lost. And that totally, totally, totally, But for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton. She's got to go home. I'll say that. Anyway, two votes each were crashing. Good night and good luck. Well, they're asking me what to put those on. Put them on there to stop assuming up there. Anyway, the Nazis in the Senate try to cut off the bait on the Patriot Act. And they said, no, huh. Poor heads prevailed. So they're going to continue. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Right ahead. Exactly. Here's even more good news. They certainly not news network has decided not to renew somebody's contract. Who belongs on death row by the way. Bob Novak. All right. Oh, happy day. Yes. Press. You want hear him saying that, no, no. John Klein, the president of CNN, certainly not see news network, said the following was statement this morning. After 25 years of serving as a CNN commentator in program host, our fascist colleague Bob Novak's tenure on the network come to a close as in December 31. 31. Through the years, Bob is offered an incisive analysis from our CNN's program, including Crossfire, the capital gang inside politics, Evans and O'Wack, the Novax zone, and Robac Hunt and Shields. Bob has also been a valued contributor to CNN's political coverage. We appreciate as many contributions as I wish him well on death row. How do you like that? I like to read love it. See, I think he played that claim game a little bit too much. And of course he walked off the set. That's good. Messing your facility, Rosenberg's theme, whatever the name is, over there in the Cross of Street. Walk out too many times and they say, bye, bye. Don't come back. Let it stop orchestrated. But it's not staged orchestrated. That's a good point. Didn't know, musta where I would say they might even push that number over. Oh, I doubt it. Don't forget the trend comes on next Monday. George, I'm sure we'll be like just just the highlight. That's not it. Say the good stuff for me. That's right. In fact, that's something I could do on December 26 on a day. On the official Christmas day on Boxing Day. Look at that. It was like a little cloud cover, a little cloud, but over and then it decided to go down to Buffalo. Another sunny shandard again. There's almost no snow here. Oh, right. Man, fight these bastards out. Twenty-two, a speaking of bastards. Don't forget, mole coming up with two. This is really dark, mole. Roger. This is 5. So, go, go, go, go. John, Aaron, the taxi, Caron, the bus, driver, shuttle, Tom. He looked at me, so queer, the curry. I could tell he was on a dog. So I acted out my pocket, charade. It was my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug, speaks, English, and a momma. I went down to my young man, which were the weather prisoners. I'm so mean. I walked into early bus stall, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him, why, why, why don't you feed me this? No one to get into. What does that mean? The bus speaks English, and I'm a momma. That corner deline. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Sticking with smelly. Are you in your back to your hour, Aaron? I came here for many years ago. And I've learned my ABC. I don't say much as grossly as I say pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're American now. Stop making me stay. You're a mother, sweet English. I'm a momma. I'm so curious about you, but... I've got a lot to do now, but the station that delivers, please stand. I'll have a meal until the liver is weakens. Oh, we can't walk. I'm waiting for you to get to the movie delivery. This is through a song. We realize the Jewish middle radio all weekend long. They're saying things. There's a great blind Twitter movie, blown to go to Georgia, but a new trip for two down the call. Who will watch you, Remember? I think the movie that comedy is using beautiful hands. But he must be in the way. So this is the exact same thing. And it's still the right thing. It's almost... But most of the movies can cover every time you hear it. And that baby is crucial in the book. Oh, my God. This is the liver. We can't walk anymore. Oh, station that gets you away. You're a 90-five. If anybody has a pain, y'all. They're just a pink rummar away. Your patient name is Judas P. Stop. And in the middle of the stage. Don't give a proper request, God. Just follow who does things. Everybody's running fast. Ask the US. In the act of history. You're watching God ask you. Everyone got the fascination. So back to the truth. This is the formation. And I know you might miss. Before fatherland they shine. That's as you will say. Get out of here, don't you? That's what they did for those two. Many everything we can. And they say to run you. Let's work for the third. We love your husband. Our old and shady foolish thing. Back as you were saying. We don't find you see our God's goal. A bad economy's blue. We're fascinated by a chain of goals. Don't be no stupid fool. All the modern crazy. The fascist marriage is with. And everybody's earning passion. I can't get you away. Oh, right. You're the same. You're the same. You're the same. You're the same. You know what? I'm on a journey. And we're born. I'm the same. I hate you. I hate you. The world's only The world's only The world's only Back in the day when someone done us wrong We didn't take a breath In Pearl Harbor, or when the japs drop their bombs We found them back And now the Saudis, they is a sign And on our cards are little flat wings As Batsani love and retired points of honors the wrong way FOOT And other barriers to be in America But we were late on local strikeings The United States of Aragons �...''<|en|> Stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be... And not embarrassed to be an America where we take free off of it, please. We look black and would ask, with our head in the sand, it's like we follow the powers that we have to take. And that's our surprise. Watching states from you, on a 65-inch screen, scratcher, bonfire, everything's okay. In the 2-S-A, oh, oh, right. Oh, right. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor just like one of the highest notes. Where the long works rims and cars at rent, so we see some very long ago. Oh, I'm dreaming of a white neighbor with every force inside our mind. There's a very, very, so we see a white neighbor and a bright, and bright. And then, maybe we don't. Yeah, we don't. Yeah, we don't. We want to be white, we want to be white, that's a lovely one. That's lovely. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. What the fuck is going on? I can't find Rudolf! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! Hey, what's that all about the game? It's a terrible game! I don't know! It takes me to the front of me! No! Sorry, you're coming out! And they got diarrhea! You're going to die! I'm going to die! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Hey, what's that up in this guy? I can't find it anymore! I'm going to break your heart! It's going to be here! I think you're going to die! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Go get it! I'm going to die! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Who will get the recipe? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Excuse me! Can I help you? Hi, I just bought these. And I like to have them get for after. Do you have Christmas wrapping? Sure! Two hours over and here the Christmas tree. Two hours! Thank you very much! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Pardon me! Is this Christmas wrapping? That's right! For we'll check it out! Have it holiday y'all! We hope it's Merry! Because you're going to be both come! Shaggy you, Harry! I'm sure that's out! I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping! You're going here, then, chump! And wrap your own! It ain't so easy when you do it at home! Because we got the rest! We got the rivers! And you're knowing that money! Mothers! Grab it! Kill this! We got the right! Thank you! We got the ramps! This is Neil Rogers! Oh, oh! This is 5.62. 8. Okay, let's guide them around! And when I'm up in Boca, take this weapon all the way, the wood paint and lifts them around the pole! I listen to the new Rogers one, the two of them. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the new Rogers, I hear an balance when they two hour! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Baby, launch a couple missiles! Torn place we know! And we know Mattofel! Who's first name, Biky and with a load! There's one thing we all understand! I'll pay the will be finished! Until we blow up that mistake! That's it, that's it! That's it! We could chase them around forever! With our tanks and all our troops! That special forces are so tired! I've jumped in through with our fools! You've got me need another place! So let's cut out all the nonsense! And we'll blow up that mistake! Now pay the need to knew we were tank! Why don't we stop for a seafood? And we'll blow up that mistake! All right! Boom, boom, boom! Major boardman! Yeah! You ready for this? More George! You ready? Put it up a picture of somebody in there! He's doing what? Put it up a poster! We're slowly getting all of your stuff out of here! Well, that's fine with me because I ain't never going to be back in a room to more! Don't take that time on! Don't take that time, Brady! Put your... What? I already got it! Maybe give it to the beast for his collection! Okay, we know! He'd be a stand-up! That's a gift from the mad dog! That's a... Keep safe! Anyway, speaking of Ashley Simpson! Yeah, yeah! Did you see this? No? No! She collapsed following you performance in Tokyo and will hospitalized! All right! Now, Bush won when over there several years ago and took his guts out! And I'll Ashley's in Tokyo. I wonder if there's a connection, you think? There might be! Because neither one of them had much time! Right! They both suck! The... The 21-year-old singer on Thursday had just performed her single boyfriend for MTV Japan when she told the audience she felt sick and said then, I love you guys! She then collapsed in an elevator and went to her hospital! And she was rushed to hospital! Oh, she was rushed to hospital! Maybe it's that reflex! Is that what it is? Maybe it's calling that! Her representative Rob Schuter confirmed they reported to A&P, but wouldn't you have heard that details are provided for instance condition! Oh, man! It's the wrong Simpson at just passed out! Oh, for OJ! Well, speaking of a theme segment, I would be good when for today wouldn't it? Yeah, for... OJ segment! What's segment? Simpson the youngest singer of Jessica Simpson, boys there, some talent in that family! Oh, what? And it's been touring this border a sophomore album I&Mee! She infamously was called, looks thinking on her set in a lot of performance for us. We know, y'all, y'all! Who are upcoming appearance at the Radio Music Awards and Monday has been cancelled! Oh, my God! What do we do now? Play is ours! Don't tell me! Don't tell me! Please, sir, world! We'll be exploded to dominate people, too! With the gas that we sold him! First time a gress ordination and the only one that's going! Now more blood will be spilled! To get that oil going! Forget about Korea! The nookthirtoes who've had enough for right wing! He is feeling it over and over into our head! And he ragged as some wet things of past destruction! 3,000 people killed! I'm not forgotten! Let's exploit him and stand! Hey, there's oil to be common! Going after some time to play Keto's summer! There's no longer mention of the name in law that no one sees concerned of! I'm being complacent, believe in every word! Of this cartel is in a station! Black and trod as by fear through the dam! A manipulation and a right wing is feeling it over and over to our head! And I ragged as some wet things of past destruction! I'm dying over here! The lost civil rights is done! Right that were paid! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! I have nothing to hide! People talkers all are saying that blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation! Valorant provoked battle and world annihilation! All there seems must fall and how it pertains! So with no objection at all, tell the crackdown of the halls and the right wing! If you're feeling it over and over and over and over to our parade! Why is it that I ragged as some wet things of past destruction? Only I ragged as some wet things of past destruction! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! Right that were paid! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! Oh baby how did you do today? Hey! You've been having a doomsday for a breacher. We're not having a sale on camera! Hey hey hey! We're all suspects now not to ask for office sales! He must get back to the crowd when you decide that he is. Yes, he will be going back to his own if he got an international bad man. You're gonna play a good one for me. Actually, I'm a good one for you. We don't know how to drink out of these reasons. We like our pool, man. He's got a lot of things on him. I think he must fight with me in my face to me. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I think he's gonna be a good man. He's going to take you to his right hand. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I'm a bad man. I say, I'm a bad man. No son, I'm standing. I'm not more than those. They say their weapons. A mass destruction. I say they say, I'm a couple of mega-tons. I'm a bad man. That's lovely. In the Gulf of Homes, in the open world, I think it's time to give it a good man. Give it a good one. So is time. So those people are here right. All there are. Till there's nothing that deceives. All there are. Till seven, six feet deep. All there are. Blow up the cream. All here up. And there's a day that's a good man. And give it a good day. To be my Lord, I love my love. If we live, we're in the future. We're in the future. To go, we're so much stronger than strength. All here up. And bring it to an end. All here up. And blow them up again. All here up. Lamosia and in. All here up. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Speaking of what a mama Grande houses to Gaston. How do you do it? What in 49 votes on a poll? And the best 2005 movie are seen is in C. N. 86. What's that about? They don't get out much? I mean, what's that movie about? Since the 18, wedding crashes 18, Star Wars 314, Batman begins 14, Bropebag Mountain 11. You're fairie. Crash 9, King Kong 8. You just saw that and you thought it was okay. Yes, it was just fine. Mr. Mrs. Smith said, all right, by the way, just say kind of a personal, I always have my blackberry with me at all times. So if you like email me, something of some major development happens. All right, because you know, they always wait till I go and vacation and then all the crap hits the fan. That's right. Mr. and Mrs. Smith 7, Harry Potter got a little fire seven more. The world's seven. Good night and good luck. Five. Let up another one, Ed. Not. Hitch-five. Walk the line for Manigas, or for Charlie the Chocolate Factory 3. The producers appear. Two for re-promadness, be cool. And with some anti-uno, one of these millions, the Jack and Der Wendy and none, the big O. For the family's stone, longest year, our ballet Jack and Rose, Ellie Parker, November. Happy and he's cup-pody. We just came out and the Manador. You can't get much more much of it than the Manador. And they ain't no bull, especially those slippers. Though he has a, and almost as pretty as the Pope's red slippers, man, he is a fashion statement, man. Just oh god. And what a dress. If I had a personal, I'd probably have the audience with the Pope. The first thing I'd say would be snappy dresser, man. And he'd say, yeah, likewise. Twelve past one at five, 60 WM-Truth is when you're near the Comparing, you'll see why a Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA. And it's how Florida, the only Fordier of the shop. And that, of course, is Armstrong Ford of homestead. Now, the holidays are here. Maybe your car was damaged during Wilma. Or maybe you just want a great new ride. Whatever the deal is with you. Now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich. And let David put your hands behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford. Right now, at Armstrong Ford homestead, some great offers weight none. And instead of as well, it $1,000 cash back or financing as low as 0% out of $4,500 a freestyle. If $5,000 cash back on explore or expedition, how about $2,000 cash back on escape and $25,000 cash back on focus certain restrictions apply. And when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, like I've been zoning for a long time, you will get to a exclusive tires and batteries for life program. Nobody else would dream of doing that for you, but they sure do. tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford homestead, will guarantee you the best price and because it's locally owned and operated, they will treat you fantastic life family to make you a customer for life. You will get a better deal on a Ford any place, no bait in the switch, no phone in the also called David Rich at 305, 24751, and 12 day video at the Neil Deal. And so Armstrong Ford homestead, you will find in the 3075 South Fixie Highway just 20 easy minutes out of the 86. Check them out on the web at armstrongcar.com and then grab a few miles extra to save yourself thousands and billions of dollars at Armstrong Ford of homestead. This is Neil Roger. What's all it is? This is 516. 4bimes drive. 5678. 4bimes drive. 510 living 12 more bombs track. We're going to drive. The bomb around the Blacks. We're going to drop 10 bombs and take a stand. Close that drag right off their heads. We're going to bomb around 12. Lock two nights. We're going to bomb on up. Up their lights. We're going to bomb on 12. We're going to bomb around 12. We're going to bomb around 12. Lock two nights. 5678. 510. 510. 510. 510. 510. 510. 510. There's a field on bombs over. We're going to drop 10. We're going to drop 10. Up their eyes. We're going to bomb around 12. Lock two nights. We're going to bomb on 12. Lock two nights. Each bomb day comes whenossine leaves. The water is there. We're going to bump around 12. The Florida 600. We're going to stop héter and charge boat. Everybody has its volume wouldn't catch a deformation. He tells me she will be dead! The United Nations is about to speak. Okay, give me that Christian ball. I'm shaking me God off on the wrong side of the boat. Perhaps a poem will help. The damn sedan, your one rack doubted. And just like your oil, your snilly and groom. Ah, ah, ah. And most did you see a squirrel friend? Oh, you mean rocky? Sure, he's over there. It's over there. It's over there. Oh my, walkie! What did you know about this sedan? Oh, that's me. Ask my empty empty. ATHOO. ATHOO. I'm going to join us next time for oil swell that end as well. Or kiss your gas goodbye. Hey, most what's weather for the gas court today? Bow me. Uh oh. Here, ragging and bow wiggled. Saturday morning on New Galoisia. You're right, he language lesson number one. Let us begin. She's a Camel of Snithing Your Sister. She got going, Briega. But anyone is this free to take it. If my Camel and a thing like yours, I've saved this spot. And teach it to walk backward. For on Domison Monday, with you with you. Pardon me, miss. But you have a wiggled in your room. Now turn the record over for your acting like with lesson number two. And I like to be with you. Thank you for watching, J.L. We're gonna be better if we play against the gas, and we don't have to. We can be for the night like just to be free. You're a beauty, you're a beauty, you're a beauty. We play in the shape. The brave and fun of us from the Sarani. The friend of the tone of the gun, and we're spreading our voice. This is a very... A very... A very... A lot of the shape. That means our acting is one of the shape. Desperate. Now, at least, come out of Tom's chest. The spectacles. This is how it's done now. We're gonna tell the boy to know how he's done. We're gonna be a good man. We're gonna be a good man. Thank you, Mr. Boy. So, we're just one thing. We're the way out of order. And we're just a genius. We're just a genius. That's a show there. We're just a fool. We're not on day or even on a day. We're not paying attention. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. We're just a good man. Is it terrible morning or? So, as you drive on, And you work. Feel next. The White House says, What all do now? Can't be sure when ain't my strike, I can make a year with no mistracks Cause I fall off the stairs From stairs we better watch out The years the word I feel in the air In the tear is falling I'm alive The government says people think And I'm saying They say not if but when now Now it's a safety threat to the joe Yeah, I think there are hopes they can give me a stroke I think that a chance will ignore it Yeah, live my life Enjoy the ride live my life Can you buy me a beer with a beer? I'm tired of it I'm so tired of it Every day the news is morning We never hear the lines That must be They got something to hide That's how it is But if you make it cry It's what's really empty It helps the good news Like a yellow light They're dying They're covered by the air And that's why We have a yellow light That's explained The meaning of one piece like you One piece like a old witch Is that his pen? With a set of open And you don't start to move It's empty Nothing can feel And if you make it cry That's what's really empty Something they can't provide That's why We have a yellow light Up in time It's empty Nothing can feel And if you make it cry Something they can't find I suppose it would suffer that tragic day And who might surprise this constant shame We let the soldiers in the maiden get away And she's tip-to-played To sedog this evening We're not too high in my breath Hey, how about that? We're not the ones who are tired We're not too high in my breath What's going on with this breath? I'm not We're not too high in our breath The parents told me that this was all attacking the holen And as an experiment Three driven, with a more careful notice Because one department probably regards some oleous images But from the hearts in E And Ale bertll me Lead this evening Send the art in Sultah And the healing blood works In sports and sky And revenge And, if the prisoners don't stay They believe your food is Jesus Christ I asked Clear up your body, you know? I have that back. There's not the ones, so what time? I have that back. What's going on with this? I have that back. Clear up your body, you know? I rock. Boy, George, why don't you take so many of the patients? Because our Lord is our Lord. Because our Lord, you're my no-sahar Lord. And that a lot of our Lord. I see on the TV screens that I'm already in this. Yeah, I-I-I-I-I. They're lurking in convenience stores everywhere. That a microwave burrito, please. Give me some of the radio dust. You explode, boy. Don't make a microwave and make a ki. You clean it up. They're lurking behind accountants. One last flash in place. You're using slushy machine grip. And make a joke you've ploughed it up. And you can't escape it. The fear of certain head. Terrorists can be in store clerks. It's Iraq, no phobia. Yeah, pack a camel's fleece. In my country, the camel is driving in her. Nothing, you stupid American inferior this life. Iraq, no phobia. I don't care for being in store in here. Or a plexigame. 26 after one a QA, I said, most wonderful time of the year unless you're one of the many of us who hate the crowded malls along with just your lines, the parking hassles and the crazy shoppers man. So make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones as you give them a dial a mattress gives her certificate. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dial a mattress gives certificate a denomination a new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from other top names of the business. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. You can do a lot of things. Believe me brothers, you won't get Jack with this Jack. Just a touch a small homey device. The old bitches leg and you can track her all around town. And just entased she keeps and she'll get a beaten. You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch Jack for women, let's out in an audible beef and sound. It only you can hear. And once they catch her, she's all yours. She gave me this just nonsense. We tracked down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Thank you, officer. Oh, hand over this. You bitch. Don't you know how track and you with bitch Jack? I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch. I'm gonna kick it down remember. Yo ho, don't get there if I. With old bitches, his new bitch Jack for women. Hey, just because old jays free. Don't mean yo bitches. Got to be free, dude. Fuck. Fuck. Bitch, yeah. You can kick my chin. My dirty underwear. My sweet mask. My right shirt and my clothes. You can strip my walls. And you can shake my balls. And the hangar chips I use to build my nose. And you can kick my nose. My career in eyes. My two brothers and my can of asshole jeans. You can kick my pants. And that lamp I bought in France. And that naked picture of AC and jewelry. But don't take my heart. My anti-women will all keep your fat hands off. My husband's filthy truth. Cause you beat this my heart. But anti-women will all hide. I'm a huge substance. You're not a woman to do. You're a mean baby. Don't take my heart. My anti-women will all hide. Cause that's stuff I'm not. Can I get a fat? Cause if you touch my heart. But anti-women will all hide. I'm all kick my food. I'm all kick my food. I'm all kick my food. I'm all kick my food. I'm all kick my food. I'm all kick my food. But Ram's is going on. These past a lot of sentences. You know what? That's not good. Nobody believes it. You know, so if I'm not going to benefit, I'm not going to be some dance and walking for you guys. Oh, Jay, Mr. Manzine. This is a pass. It's a big end. What makes you do a pass? It's a pass. Simple. Time off. Tell me. I do. I do it now. You murdered Nicole and you know you did it. And you know, I mean you're just amazing. You know, you do whatever you give in me or you. You never give in me a permit and you're not. You never give in me a permit and you're not interested or a friend. You know what. And I know what. You're a pig. You're a baby. You're a baby. You're a little bit. You're fine. Son of a gun. I mean, that's it. You're put. You're put. You're put. So you're put. I've never gone TV. I avoid the media as much as I can to chase me. You guys if it's a door open and you guys are showing I'll pay the bill. Don't leave me. But Lee, only person has been offended from this Denise. You never gave me a family gun. You are the only one. You and I, we didn't get along. We didn't get along because you couldn't control me. That's why I think you're welcome. The cold to my face, you were going to have sex with me. Oh, I was wondering. It was a cold at all. Your ego is just really riding a little bit too high, since then. On the bloody fly. On the eyes fly. On the bloody fly. I went to hold Jesus' state and something was his right. I took the warmth on down the street and I took out my first life. And I took back his something funny. When I saw father's life, then I jumped over the phone and then I turned to a ghost door. Told me that I'm something she heard so I looked around somewhere. And I took the fix it, sunk to funny. When I found a place to slow, I brought you to the sky. I thought of it as a kid. I brought you to the sky. No one won, no one won. Next thing we knew, I'd just went on a list of people around the world. Now we've been at our late James Charles for double, homo-side. Not fully this steepest degree. Murderies you'll be out. It's because of what he's like. I'm not a kid. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. You can't be cool. You can't be cool. You can't be cool. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. You can't be cool. You can't be cool. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. That night when she turned off all the lights, little place where she stood high on the road, I'm doing what I get hurt. Uji went out to kill her. Uji went out to kill her. Uji went out to kill her. Uji went out to kill her. That night. One day the jury's got a set free. Oh, the day, Robbie, no we've gotta head your way, Oh yeah, And I would be gonna get you It's you, but you gonna go back to you And then you'll get away with that thought too You're going ahead, it's you Oh, you coming ahead, yeah Oh, you gonna get you, but you gonna get you She's gonna get you, oh Right, for things I'll get you Why not? Okay, okay, okay, you're gonna go home You're gonna get you, but you're gonna get you Okay, you're gonna get you, but you're gonna go home Oh, you're gonna get you, oh Yeah Oh, you gonna get you, but you're gonna get you Oh, you gonna get you, oh Oh, you gonna get you, oh Good night Let's hear it, my first clue, I got the first tour of that building And I saw all those O.J. Simpson pictures on the walls And all those certain individuals in the building like the water Nazi and others like bowling and like it was a shrine And I thought to myself something, a quite right here, you know Something quite excited That's what I'm saying Anyway, we got speaking not quite right, more Howard David at it to the staff Do you know the human pin cushion? No, what is it the human one? Dark board, sorry Curtis and Troy at Hooray and Hurray on the wall Orlando, Alzacuiri, the big old rock solid Catched it at 7, and he came to Santa Claus tonight Okay, how are we doing on that pole? Not that overwhelming, but it'll be up there all weekend In fact, maybe you'll see some of the movies over the weekend And then you'll tell us, or not Right 297 vote, the best the 2000 time movie I've seen is Didn't see anything yet, one away, well that's me What about you beast? I'm just gonna feel Oh, what's the best? Wedding crashes Wedding crashes is leading 27, you just looked at the pole No, I said that before He's up doing good That's where the starboard will rinse not even on here Rents the 2000 and five movie Of course, well, I said it on there, George Do it at ease, you probably will be going to Oh, yeah, I like Wedding crashes 27 star wars 321, since the 19 Well, you start when you're in like it No, I didn't see it Oh, that memory gets to the teen crash 14 Bropeback mountain is got 12k Terry Potter, gobble to the fire 11 Good night and good luck nine King Kong nine Mr. Mrs. Smith eight, war the world's eight Walk a line, five, six Charlie the chocolate five, five, five, five Madgastur five, two for the producers We've prepared this long this year, our vehicle And what'd be, Solomon Thaluno Millions happy ending scopote the jacket Dear Wendy and Nun yet family stone A lot of ways on more O.J. come, we're just starting with him Family stone, now the jacket rose Ellie Parker and Matt November, manager all have the big Oh, so far This is a new Roger Oh, yes, he's five, sixteen, two, eight Man, it's a red, it's not everything bad Because you know, it's a lot through my phone You know, it's a lot of people, they're like a fool And I tell you man, a little crazy We're saying, right, I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit I'm feeling a little bit Although the ball's a little bit I really love this ball What were you talking about? I thought I was going to see my friend I think he said it was just like it I looked up what I enjoy Ok Finally, he says And you still days, can you don't have to say And carry some away on a bus for a holiday No use today, so find another way To get you through the day, cause you won't see no judge Why don't they know, how long it's gonna take Now they almost, and take another break They waste our time, when nothing too depends Just try to die, and bring it to it and For you today, let's do that while we're doing We can't do that with you today, he's locked up in his room It's been a long time, a good sense of juice Was in the news he spent his time on the golf course Looking for clues, now he's back, and he can't share A newing is been a big day, and three-one six-hop Still says he didn't do it, and so did he? But everybody knew it, and so did he? The prosecutor's doing, and so did his dog He still on bass, both his his son, and his man His white pussy didn't cut her own hand, and off We're in the night to feed kids paid for dinner Deuce, meets the cash for his dog juice Oh, Jake, tell me, how is this search for the real killer goly? This fine man, I've been looking at golf courses all across America But I'll have a beach, been on slide glass, you and I can find them yet, go Why are you just looking at golf courses? Oh, that's mostly where I find myself on a golf course What do you mean anywhere else? No, I don't think so, they go man, I go on course Oh, Jake is just playing crazy here's the hit He's just applying billing code, be hurrying As they say he made my scum Clark's career But she's lucky he did, we got her right behind me here So, that's what he did, he's doing, and so did Jay But everybody knew it, and so did Jay The prosecutor's doing, and so did his dog He still out there Kill your wife and her mom Let them learn good 10 pieces The trials moving on Chats are a great piece Traces of blood everywhere The match of the end Traces of blood That's your Georgia The class's currently here You let the club and bloody trash out The cat you used to wear You're a homicide a wacko Traces of blood all around That match of DNA Traces of blood That's your Georgia You close your eyes In so proud There are no funds A trace of blood still there Chanted photographs Time was showing us your true side With the awful hand Navi ever than she came high Traces of blood everywhere The match of DNA Traces of blood That's your Georgia The truth is The court's not there The game's not there The game's not there The game's not there The game's not there Call the day Offer side A broncholine And people can't trust I don't care what they say Because I don't care Whatever we love It happens so soon On the 12th of June And no change, ran away from that bloody mess And I don't care what they say, because no change But it'll never be lost I have waited for the one But I see you still on trial It goes on and never runs As it does I know that O'Jeverdo them Not Kim but please And grow away the keys It's the day, all the graves All this innocence I don't care what they say, because O'Jeverdo But it'll never be lost I don't care what they say, because O'Jeverdo But it'll never be lost I'm tired of the way But the truth is, is real rubbish This is 5.62.8 It's day, it's day You can lay on each house But the truth is, it's time And 5.6.WQA And keeping with the high standards of raw customers In the tradition of Edward on the road, seen it now 5.6.WQA have presents Now, see here with no holiday I just know how it is, isn't it? I'll say it Here! Not a new gig here And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face Of whatever that is, tune Now see here, who did more for radio? New Rogers? Well, who did Oscar Anderson? Ah! Oh, my God! Who did Oscar Anderson? Who did Oscar Anderson? Are you the guy in the hall, Ray? I'm saying Who did Oscar Anderson? That's who But one thing, he was the mayor Boyding radienne And that tights mucker, he ain't no man Why, boy Oscar Anderson, say nice song Oh, again Oh, he had a few more days I was a man Are you not a dog? Yeah, you're not a single song Not an amen We'll wait and go to the noise I sure That pair that said Neil Singin' another discouraging songs About day go to the noise And in a fact of the morning he writes a minute And it kneels singin' Now you know he's queen But real men don't sing And another boy Oscar Anderson With all that fatter than Neil too That pair's would make a thick face piece On the next one's all of them How see here? Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olson Or Jaggi Robinson Gamal Now see me here next time for a mowing dignity On... How see here? Not there over here Who do you want? Bye bye bye