I'm going to say this, this may be the most outrageous statement, but I think that by the middle of the season, people listen to that all from the ins and the radio are going to be begging for... For a moment and back, that's how... I mean, Jimmy has never done play by play, but I've asked a lot of people this, and I could be wrong about that, but I don't think he's ever done play in certainly not in a professional level. No, not professionally. He's got some college. So, well, but to me what this does it means the profession, somebody who has a child always aspired to be a great play by... You know, Mel Allen was my hero. I wanted to be a great sportscaster. And it's so demeaning that the profession there is such great broadcasters out there, and to just take a bunch of extrax jobs because they were a jobstrap once or play the game. And in his case, you know, reasonably well, but not a great player. Well, what's the big deal there? What's your traction? I'm sure Joel did a good job on the color. He's not mad dog, but a good job. But Jimmy's syphilist who, in play by play, Jimmy. You've been off a big one here, sweetheart. Well, I don't know. Will you be listening? No. Will you? Probably not. If I George took a poll on that yesterday, where's the result of that poll? You want to hear it about how this is right up your alley? How often do you listen to Dolphin games under radio? Yeah, not as much as you listen to. 1125 votes, never, 555. That's just under half right there. Never listen to it, right here. Less than half the time, 299. So if you add those two together, you got 77%. Sure. More than half the time. Biving in. On television. Always 86 and about half the time 84. So only 7.5% always listen under radio. I think that number is going to go down real fast. Just like Dolphin organization. That's why, you know, the real mistake isn't who the announcers are. The real mistake was paying $4.5 million for the rise. Well, it's going to be a bad combination. The losing franchise. There are people in my money from the beginning. They're never going to make their revenue back. Number two and number three, they're putting on two. Well, especially in Jimmy's case, in experience broadcasters. Well, I wish them well. Oh, don't go. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They're two very nice people. They're a whole hearted one. Yeah, Jimmy's a great guy. And so is Joe. Yeah. So, but it's not personal. It's business, you know what I'm saying? We'll have to listen and see. Don't go ahead and you listen and I'll. I want you to go ahead and say, is it go half the list in the. I'm busy. Yeah. That's right. You're going to be working there. Some other games every week. Yeah. So it doesn't affect me. And of course, I'm not a touch. You know, I'm very far away and I'd touch. Thank God. You know, many dolphin games I've listened to on a radio in the last 10 years. Not to the man. Probably none. And it probably maybe five. Yeah. That's about it. I think our friend Mo was going to be salivating like a grasshopper. We're rubbing its legs together. This is a. Is it doing the game? Is there some radio network someplace? Yes. Even watching serious stock. No. It's jumping. Dropping. No. Zooming. Zooming. Based on what? I don't know. Based on height. Because I just read. I just, you know, it's funny you mentioned that. I just read a thing off radio and records website. Yeah. And just ripping them in an anus and saying that they're. I can want to want to much of anything. All this hype about satellite radio. I'm going to say it again. People are going to pay for something they're going to get for free. Yeah. They want to hear music. They can pop CDs and hear whatever the hell they want. And if they want to hear people like that other, they're satellite network. That's him. Yeah. Between the two of them, they're not going to make much of a blip. That's it. It said that five years ago, I still said it. I'm not going to have liked. We've gotten on that serious thing. That would have been great. Yeah. But the beastly's pissed off. Howard Stern and that was the end of that. They have a way, you know. Yep. Just like yesterday was the 11th of July. You know what the 10th of the month is? It's payday to him, right? Did my texture up here? I said, I just mentioned that. So I had to go through my usual. But it would be stupid by a just 10 paid people on time over there in Naples. What is your problem over there? You lunatics. You maniacs. Can I have direct deposit? No. I can't get that. Because I'm like a mini corporation. Like a little fat corporation. So I can't do that. See, I have that idea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. But that's ESPN. They actually pay people. Yeah. But I have a corporation. Right. They pay the corporation. And they directed deposit? Yes. Well, so that was, it's a lie. It sounds like to me. Oh, total. I don't want to create trouble. And I'm glad you did. I'm glad you told me that. Because I've always been told, oh, that can't do that. Because you're a corporation. I'm a corporation. And ESPN has been paying me for years. Well, you know something then the beastly's are as usual. Toot and true there. Yeah. So we're going to, well, I'll get on that. Ponto. I'm glad you told me. I'm useful in some ways. You and today you've been that alone where it gets you several brownie points. I just believe the brownie. That's what that. Well, listen, have a great day. It's nice to be in touch again briefly. And you, I miss you. But you're here a couple of times. That's good. And I had a great week last week. And by the way, the win hotel. Feat floor complaining about it. Why is that? Well, they closed one of the restaurants because it wasn't very good. And people that I've heard who stated the balladio and went over there are going back to the balladio. Not happy. Access is bad. Sports books too small. Women's here. We're going to say an opposite up. Yeah. Has he made enough money already? Uh-huh. And it's pretty hard with all this stuff they have out there. Now it's pretty hard to keep topping yourself. You know, with bigger and bigger and bigger and this year it's just, It's reached the point now where you, if you're inside one of those places, you look around there pretty much look the same. Yes. By the way, one final note do not ever go to, Remember I was, that's how to use false view. Can you see no Niagara Falls? Yes. Do not ever go there. What happened? I'm just telling you, don't ever go to this. My, that should tell you what happened. Don't ever go to this. You're just taking it. It's like a one way thing. And I was like, if you wanted to track and you were selling tickets, but they weren't cashing them. Yeah. Oh. Niagara Falls. That's false view. So the payout is not so, oh my god. I gave that the broad a piece of my mind. You know, they caught me the room and the needles and this and that. I gave her a piece of my mind also, some of a, a skidding note to the Ontario gaming commission, but you know, it does make a difference because they're all, It's all part of the single, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls, the girls. I told her, I said, you ought to have arm security guards when people walk in, just with oozees, put your arm up in the air, give me all your money and get out of here. You know, just go jump in the falls. That's what they ought to be doing. Don't ever go near there. I want, or you'll wind up like that doctor who's, got stuck in the falls. He decided to jump in. He changes mine. I told him that tonight right here. And they had the picture on the front page of all of his papers. They were standing, but his foot, property against the big rock in the middle of the night, we're following you to get rescued. What you did. All right. I will heal you. You have a nice day. You'll dock on the rock. Okay. I'll see you Thursday. Okay. How do you do? Fuck, I smell it. I'm so good. I'm so good. I'm so good. When Bill or I, in Thailand, sure he is in Square and Pan, he'll tell you if you'd like your job, then you'll give him a laugh dance, and if you'd tell, and I'll smile blaring, you'll not look into which he stands, you'll follow the pedestrian line, and the safeway, and everyone is so happy as they might feel, who would stand and snort. So, after standing the weißed batteries, they can be褋 — Oh, and more of the sea. Who likes it as it will to the right? Welcome! When will the right leaves morning? Surely it ain't a ghost in dawn. So when will the right leaves dilent? Oh, you best not pick up your phone. It's 11 after 10 already, while I let those crossovers may be 40 minutes almost time to go home. And I'm already home. Anyway, we're bad news from Iraq boys and girls, government of attack in Iraqi Army, Czech-Planorth of Baghdad, coming at least nine soldiers, proving once again like they've seen, he said that the insurgency is in its dying throes. Or, somebody's dying. At least three people were injured in the half-hour gun battle and ensued, including a civilian. The attack happened at dawn on the town of Kali, near Bakobaba, Bakuba, 40 miles northeastern of the capital. And in Baghdad, railders have buried a mother and eight of her children who were killed in their beds in the balad of the yacht area on Sunday. Another violence on Sunday, a suicide bomber killed more than 20 people who were a Qwing outside of the Army recruiting center in Baghdad. And at least six people were killed in furthest suicide bombs in the northern cities of Kyrhuk and Mosul. What was happening, of course? Because those are those redheads, right? We don't care about that. Pretty much on the marks. Everything is a really just a warning. Why? Why? And nobody really cares. Four bombs exploded today, near a power plant that a vast region of Madrid after warning from the separatist group Eta, but there were no casualties. It's those damn bastard separatists against in Spain. So this is not related to the temp and bombing and the trains and the Q. This is a whole different follow-ups. Well, we got to do a break already. 10-13 at 5-60WQ. Let's take a look at that schedule for today. It's two days July 12. We got Molo. Molo. Molo. But proving that nothing is perfect in the summertime. We got Geldi. From 4-7-3 hours of that squeak-y-way home in traffic man. And then we got Puris 7-8, father-by-the-76, all-star baseball game. Any imprisonment. And in the etiquette after that. For years, Armstrong, 4-2, home set is always treated everybody like family. They wanted to withstand the law for the usage of their family. 4-2 just announced their 4th family plan. And right now, at Armstrong 4-2 home set, you can buy a vehicle and employ this complex. That's right. Now through July 31st. Armstrong 4-2 home set gives you the same great pricing that every 4-2 company employing their families get. Not only do you get employee-family pricing, you also get Armstrong 4-2 exclusive. Tires and batteries for life program 2. And for limited time with any new car purchase, you get a cover TV free. So what are you waiting for? Pick up that phone right now. And call 305-24751-12 an answered David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a 4-8 place. Else no bait and switch, no phony deals. And this fantastic office only available to Armstrong 4-2 home set, where they always treat you like family. They're probably locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich has bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong 4-2 home set, the US-1 at San Francisco 7-320-736, check them on the web at Armstrong cars.com, and then give David a call at 305-24751-12, and ask them about the 4th family plan today. Grab a little extra and save yourself thousands at Armstrong 4 of home set. And put a contest for us to meet for the US story. And support when you're five-6-2. Oh, were you drugs back in? Coming up tonight, an insight behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were the go-to bands for the sounds of the mid to late 1990s. They were either third-eyed blind, smash-mouth, or gym-gloss. They were a lot of critic-kin-pucker. When you're talking about bands that suck the last of the other bands, you have to go with their dive line. They're gonna make them dance, Debbie songs are gonna lie. Or gym-blossom. Oh, we forgot about smash-mouth. Hey, you'll be the only ones who had to advance to the next pre-set button when you heard these things. I lived in 24-7. Suck on that. Slappy gold managed all three bands during their heyday. One time they all played one of those summer festivals. I didn't know whether I was coming or going. I'm bringing them on stage. Hey, kids, please welcome Smash-blossom. Let's hear it for a blind and one eye. Hey, how about it for gym-mouth? I didn't know what the fuck. I think the best way to illustrate what we're talking about is to play them all together. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? See? Are to tell which one sucks last? Either a third-eyed line or smash-mouth, or gym-blossom. They were as great as not bad, yes. It's a big, juicy, shopping-like liquor show business. Tonight, on your side, about... In other words, they all suck. I'm stupid. I think you try to say, 10, 19, a QAM. How often do you listen to the dolphin games on a radio? Georgia, I see you guys today. Those who missed my reading of the pool when across over. Is there anybody missed it? No, everyone heard it. But it's worth reading it again. Yes, it is. 1125 votes. Never, 555. Nearly half the people never listen to the radio. Why would they? The games are when television's coming. Right. That was the point I was trying to get to. And of course, when mad dog was done, and then there was a special reason to listen to it. Because they were right here. I mean, of course, more head. Don't go to the shelf. Yes, it is a following. Right. Let's have the time 299 more than half the time 101, always 86 and about half the time 84. So I fairly Paul three percentage of people listening, especially for four and a half million dollars a year for the rights. So good luck to you guys out of the street. Because you're going to need to especially with Jimmy Siffle, as doing those games. I still take it over it. This isn't the kind of a job where you just pick somebody off the street. I'll use your plate again. Well, good. Here you are. I'll play by play guy. It just can't do it. It doesn't matter. Okay. Well, I think it is pitch right in with the denigration, the the the the dissolution of the organization. Right. I think that's what's going on. I think well, we got rid of them. They're they got rid of us just at the right time. Everyone look at it. Okay. Here's the pull was speaking here this morning. Only 81 votes. I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, I'm a rant and ray for four hours today about this website thing. I mean, I'm excited. You know, long before we ever had a website. We had a radio show to just find. And then we had the website and the radio show still to do it. I'm going to find. But it just it's shocking to me, which shows you what are stupid old far. I am. I'm a moron. I'm an idiot. You know. I'm a little bit of a new need of great. No, man. I do. I first I always talk about the fact I'm not going to do it myself. And I think that we're going to change the world. Especially on that little radio station in some horseball. Sound photo, which is best known from mosquitoes and hurricanes. But my god. You desperately out there. Guess what? There's more unity on the internet. So at least right now there still is going to be disappearing pretty fast. I'll supply it last. It's just all over the place. The idea that more we've lost, I would say 60 percent. See when I first started that thought well, it's getting close to the fourth of July and its holidays. And it hasn't come back. And it hasn't come back. And it's not going to come back because about 60 percent. Maybe 70 percent of our response on the website. I mean, it was for the baby. I already told you when Rimmer called me almost 10 days ago. Oh, what happened to your baby curtain girl? People, people that I wouldn't even believe were around our website. One of my accountant guys calls me, oh, what happened to that baby curtain? You? Are you people reading that discreet? Jesus Christ. Him too. He's probably checking it out. Who has the most ridiculous head year? Good segue. 81 votes is all we had. I snicked that in there for like about an hour and a half. Muslims and of course, there's a target do sure. Let's pick on him. Shmata is man. Their target is in Perkers and that's stuff. 34 Catholic visuals of the Red Beanie's 10 got a myth of their fashion of voice. They stole the idea from the Jews and then they spruce the double little bit. Sure. Red next, but in baseball catch nine. I can't always truly elect it. The red next at something certain happens. I can a ball game or a warwinner. And they take the camp up and they put it back on their head. I don't know what that means. I call it how they flip their lid. Is that all that would be? Sure. The Hasidin with those big hats, eight and boy, they smell good in the summertime or what? Oh, cowboys with a cowboy hats, eight. They just watch too many Tom Nixon, the very Rogers movies. That's all. Orthodox Jews with a Skullcalf, seven. I saw a kid walking on the street the other day about 20 years old. Not about looking kid, but he had a yarbokari, a kippa, whatever the hell they call it. And I thought to myself, oh, why are you doing this? What is wrong with you? I was like, I'm brainwashed across the answers obviously yes. Indians with those turbines. Now, I can confuse it. Was I right in this? Is this the India people or is it the Paki people? Paki's nowhere turbines doing? They're Muslims? Yes. Some kind of Muslims. No, no, no. Indians are not Muslims? No, they're not. They don't wear turbines. You're wrong. In the olden days. The Indian cab drivers here all word turbines. Okay. There's no Muslims. There's not Muslims. Listen. In the olden days. I remember that's why Pakistan exists in the first place. Remember? It's growing out of India. Well, I just know that he didn't say the only force. Anyway, three for that. I'm as with those silly big hats too. And non-for hockey players are football players. That would be sacrilegious to be picking on them, Jots. They have to, that's a perfect themselves. Okay. Can I put in a quick death here? Now, I wouldn't even mention her because she's, people always say, oh, no, I was talking about dental celebrities that nobody ever heard of, but she was in the Bikrassans. And even you know the Bikrassans with down in the Meachy? Hope? Oh, or not? I'm on the move down in the Meachy, but I don't know the Bikrassans. Oh, it's you. Francis lying for it, who's teamer rendition of Am in the mood for love. Can't debate at soldiers when she was part of Bob Hoops USO Church during WWII died Monday, the age of 92. That's old enough. Langford had been ill with congestive heart failure and died at her home in Jensen Beach. Chensen Beach, Florida. Langford, a recording artist, radio star an actress from the 30s to 50s, joined Bob Hoops to boost wartime morale at military bases and hospitals and great Britain-eatenedly North African and South Pacific. She also entertained new generations of soldiers in Korea and Vietnam. Even with her hair swept up in a band Dana, the five one singles of lamb rest vision of home and became known as the sweetheart of the fighting fronts. She appeared in 30 Hollywood movies including Broadway, Melody, Antigoodle, Dandy, the hit for age. She played herself in the final or her final film, 54th of Atlanta Miller's story. She was also known for her popular roles in the Inceptible Life Branch, opposite on a meteor on a popular 40s radio company, The Bickerson's. I guarantee you that the book of Ryan will tell you all about the Bickerson's. I'm sure you won't. He finds you lunch on Wednesday or whatever day. Right tomorrow, very good. You can't. So do you go a princess line for a day? Am I apologizing for a mission? No, no, okay. Some are all far too bad. The number of Americans who believe the one Iraq has made the US less safe from terrorism despite sharply after last week's terror attacks in London. Oh my God. According to the latest, they'll see in any USA today Gallup poll. As if there are people really know something which most of them don't see. These polls, I mean, what's the point? Why do we even bother with this crap? Kills, huh? El President is a progurating. It just does slightly according to poll of the 16th American Kills, who did 30 days or Sunday, most of them were still hung over from the 4th of June. The poll shows the presence of progurating roast of 49% up 3 points from a full take in June, 29th and 30th. But that change was within the polls margin of error plus or minus 3% at points. So big deal. He's still going to the will and of course even although for him he's doing very well at that point. And how come Carl Rove had bought no back art on death roe yet? That's what I like to know. Anybody answer that question for me. Obviously, Scott McClulling, you know, and it's really got answered 85 times. But give it to me. And he's not going to answer this. Because Carl Rove is above the law. Okay, do you understand what it's all about? Above the law. I'm above the law. That's right. That's what they're saying. That's the why it has these days. So don't be a mess and with the with the fewer. Okay, here's the poll we're doing now. All the polls all the time, man. Don't don't let me figure when I come back after the break. I want to spend at least four hours on the thing with the website. It's just it's not going to do any good. I can't do human nature. But if if the neo-rodgers dot com see that was our bad. That was our bad judgment and never getting sucked into doing that in the first place. And then all these pumps get on there and you know, and it's like a dz tune. And it works. Like well, remember the Janet Jackson thing. Oh yeah. Here we go February sure. And that was the beginning of it. Man, all of a sudden we had the the busiest day ever on our website. We had the pictures on there in our arms. I mean give a life. Okay, have you ever seen a breast before? Have you ever seen a booby? Have you ever seen anything? Good. God Almighty. You know, life. Oh, seriously. It's all scary. It's just downright scary. Here's the pool. Sam, you're in a little too agitated. It was so lonely on twice a week. I was so lonely. I can afford to get all the stuff. And we'll friend to you. We'll have a nice lunch. By the way, I'm using my flavor wave every day. I just love that thing. That's great. We use it at least every other day, at least. Nothing like making some great brought worst on anything. Oh God, is your good. Anyway, the full day, what media person you think might be the anti-Christ. And so far, we got 160 votes, which is pretty weak. But nevertheless, as nobody on our website, there's nobody in town. You put those two ingredients together. And we're just like, good, Dylan. We're twiddling and Dylan is all we're doing. Just picking the totches from between our toes is all we're doing these days. 116 in both Rush Limbaugh, 69 in the anti-Christ, Bill Arroy 32, Sean Hannity 22, Neil Rodger is 17, 10% of the scouts that come in the anti-Christ. They're wonderful listening. Al Franken 10, Michael Savage, Bob Novak, only eight. How do you like that? Only eight for Bob Novak. Of course most of you would like to find out who that is in the first place. And this drug is only got one in both three screens. Got one in that's my vote. How do you like that? I'm waiting on there on the bottom. No lines to that, please. Oh, that's fast. Both of us, great. He is the anti-Christ. He comes on here yesterday. They have an indiscretion about Guantanamo. He said, oh, just yesterday it was part of my present, Dick Chen, who tells me that it's really a very lovely place that said, proper old paradise. I'm about lipstick. You're asking, you're asking, you're a fan of cocaine. You're a fan of cocaine. You're a celebrity. You're a fan of cocaine. You're a fan of cocaine. You're a fan of cocaine. Can you weigh in? No. No. God. What does the number of points make to me? Oh, well, sure. Send it to your counter-alternate. Oh, well, well. Say something around where to leave and soon. Who's pushing for the ring to bring to the ring to bring to the ring to the ring to the ring for the ring to bring to the ring to bring to the ring to the ring to bring to the ring to the ring for the ring. Now that is no good round for the ring. Who's the hand going through that again today? All right. Send it to the counter-alternate. Who's the hand going through? Who's the hand going through? Who's pushing for the ring to bring to the ring to bring to the ring for the ring to bring to the ring for the ring to bring to the ring. That's 3426-11.560 WBQ. Here's a facts about the beaded curtain across from L'acobana and Hollywood, obviously has no name. George Bush then sees the anti-Christ, man's and then sees you and then whatever that means. Also, I look forward to my day. See this is what gets me. I look forward to my day looking at the beaded curtain. I don't even want to come to work. Love you and needle and George from L'acobana and Hollywood. See, if that's where you have to start today, then I'll let you just give you that there's 80 billions just put up the sex. I don't know what to do, huh? Right. Open your email. Yeah. Open up your email. All of a sudden you'll be popping up like crazy, man. All of the place. I just don't get it. We had some good stuff on L'acobana. There was a lot of quality photos on there and that's fine. We did the best we could. But the fact of the matter is that if Nazi regime we have now continue sneaking through these different laws. Of course you've got a spying list con. This was just control by the Republicans anyway. But, and so they continue putting stuff in there and chilling free speech. Let me know if that's the thing that's free speech anymore free of expression. It doesn't exist. It does not exist. It's only exists as a figment of somebody's imagination anymore. So if you think that anybody connected with this show is going to go to jail. So that in some of you can get your jallies by seeing naked pictures on a website every day. And going to happen. Erica isn't going to be doing it. Okay. They can afford to feed him in there. So forget about it. Oh, no. We're going to have that back, Neil. Yeah. And just look at the website. That's quite a show. We've been, I don't know about you, but I've been in total state and delusion. It's finally when I real eye open around. I knew all about it. Did you realize that I didn't extend to that degree? Maybe not to that degree, no. How about that? Maybe 60, 70% of our response at a website would disappear once the nude pictures manage simultaneous. Oh, like a sign of pain is the orange gazon. Because even though it is a pain in the ass when I post the stories for my part, and I know that you do too. I try to find stuff that's interesting. You've got to be done to, you've heard it all before. You know, you're in spicy something juicy. It's good. I would say that 90% of the stories that we have on the website are not stories that you're going to hear. If you try your TV here, you see an end or the netwerfs, right? You're not going to hear it. Stuff from the Guardian and smirking champagne. He independent and he's just not going to hear it. Not the establishment propaganda. And the fact that the matter is, most Americans are very satisfied with the fact that the establishment propaganda or more likely don't give a crap about any of it. So don't be belly-it-can-about. Oh, there's no more beauty curtain. Just take a look at this show. Just this radio show. In the last year and a half since the year ago, February since I mentioned the Janet Jackson business, that was used as an excuse by a bunch of fundamentalist lunatic repressive maniacs to start censoring, to start chipping away to freedom of speech. What doesn't that happen to do with terrorism? What doesn't happen to with keeping people safe? You can't say, I should even plant light. I should even plant light. We can't say, the number of comedy bits we've got here in our computer that we can't even dream of playing anymore. Yeah? It's sad. So just in the year and a half, any American public speaks back a well. Safe, these safety look what happened in London that ain't happened. And here again, yes. Got to do with boobs. The American people collectively are so dumb it's scary. And the rest of the world hates America like poison and the people are too stupid to realize it. Because only 10% of the public's got past sports anywhere so they don't go anywhere. They don't 90% of the people don't ever go anywhere so how can you know about the rest of the world when you don't have never been there? The ignorance is just rampant. Here's a perfect story for another one from Chicago. Where the story about the Virgin Mary under the overpass in Chicago? Sure. Well, I seem to be having an epidemic of Jesus stuff in Chicago. The rest are blessed. Although this one is in each Chicago Indiana which is like a real smelling place, city officials have turned off the street light. A street light. Now, through more than 250 people to see a shadow that some serious embossed images of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Each Chicago police chief Angela Machuka called an emergency meeting Sunday to recommend the light be turned off in the interest of public safety. After you knew by residents, complain about block cars and visitors congregating till five o'clock in the morning. Several arrested made Friday night after large fight broke out in the area. Well, at Jesus, he always did this to a lot of contours, you know? The city respects everyone's religious beliefs but it's getting to the point now where it's almost too dangerous to leave the light on. So, Daniel Rico, the city's public relations director, people have flocked to the sights in last Wednesday when a woman first claimed to see the image on the side of a tree. The image is only visible at night when the street light near the tree is illuminated. Machuka said, you know, if I were Jesus, I would jerk him back on the side of a tree in East Chicago, Indiana. Why don't? Machuka said his department doesn't have the man part of maintain rig of the controls and control the crap. The light will stay off until we can get some kind of solution he said. In other words, aka, just like that. What comes when it takes? It is real barbecue, you know, but it's a game. What's real barbecue? It's a game. Or even love see your edges. You do not belong in here, damn, crack in. Both of you, crack in. How many bottles does that cost? Tonight on ABC, dancing with the stars. Why should we try doing the dance floor? You would like a disto machine. This week, dancing with Mike Tyson. That's quite charming. How can you be so careless? All right, so few bottles. That's my third bottle. I'm still good. I'm still good. I'm always kind of fun day. I'm always kind of. Yeah, I'm always kind of. Dancing with the stars. I need this crap. I broke my back. I got him, don't go. He's the epitome of what America has become, you know? Yes. Mike Tyson land. I thought I'd do like his chicken. 225 votes on a pool, which media person you think might be the anti-Christ. Rush Limbaugh 88, 98, Bill or Riley 42, Sean Hannity 24, the awarder is 21, Al Franken 14, Bob Novak 12, Michael Savage 11, Mr. Ruch, he's only got two. Hey, man, you're fair and double push grease. He's only got my vote. See, the right answer is in last place. That's a correct answer. The other ones are just too obvious. Yeah. The anti-Christ is like Jesus is coming back on the side of a tree in the East Chicago Indiana and the same here as true of this. Well, let's green. He could be the anti-Christ. He just, man, there are more people on CNN than just piss me off. Brian by ass and he's one of them. And of course, then that the scum miles will Brian and I, you know, listen, how cute they are. Oh, yeah. It's the old Brian twins anymore. So he did that old Brian and scum miles will Brian. I would be surprised to David and Greg Joel Brian to get to him his ass up. Have this story here. Now, have the calls been easier because I haven't not on that much no more. Well, we had a jump on and yeah. Yeah. That's a good start. Yeah. But let's try one or two. Not too many, David. I don't think we don't have time to mess around. W2AM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I took your advice. I got a four in the last week. It's good. I was only in Maine, but it was good timing. Good timing. That's good timing. I was just in the state of Maine that played music. I hadn't heard for years. Rocks. WKT and the play team. I think it was WKIT out of Bangor. Great news of old Pink Floyd. Stone songs I hadn't heard played on the radio in 1015 years at least. A lot of living, breathing people. But the best part about the approach I'll have to see B.C. Really? I knew I watched the national. I don't know. I came over that bald guy's name. He was the leader man's bridge. Yes. What a newscast. Yeah. Can I come back to here and just nothing but seeing it in just the same old shock. But a bunch of idiots hypervittally, like WKT says during the hurricane. Yeah. But it was all the producing medicine Cooper and his partner going Bakters over the sign blowing down. Yeah. I saw the whole, you know. You couldn't avoid it. All we can't along there were hypervittally nonstop. If they just, if they got that excited over the administration in the war, maybe we'd be out of the right. Exactly. Or if Carl Rolvin to Bob Novak and about the out of the availability of claim. And if people ought to be on death row, maybe somebody would care about it. They were more concerned about that Romana inside. It was home. Then it must have spent five hours on that. Although David Gregory gave McClow on a hard time. You're certain I was a quarter. Right. And where there was several of them gave McClow on that. And you know something bad in number. And he said, what did he say? He said that we have no comment. I think one of them should just end up in say Scott. How do you sleep at night? Exactly. Let it go down about that. And then of course we probably never seen him again. But it would be a ballsy way to go out. How do you rate they pay? I'm going to be too kneeled by. Speaking of the CBC were two jurisdictions. And we had a good call there. How do you like that, huh? Mr. Marty Pance. And by the way, George. Trump. Back at it. So we go to this thing. Now George watched the, did you mention anything about it? Yeah, of course. The passionate, I'd rather go to one. It's on every Sunday night at 10 o'clock on the CBC. And two weeks ago, we go now. They had another good show on last night about Hollywood and a pentagon. And the first of all, the very concept of the pentagon is got the goal to want to review the scripts of warm movies. And this is insanity. And we're supposed to go into a company that's got free speech and free expression. And even at the show, in the beginning of the show last night, a clip from an old last show where there was a crash of a small army plane. And they the army was PO because it implied that the army's equipment was less than 100% great. And therefore they made them take that part out of the scripts. Sets are being lassy. And you know the whole thing about flittool and any anti-war movies about how they wouldn't give any assistance at all. But of course it was a glowing pro-war that glamorized war and killing, like Tom Gunford example, they gave them everything and then some. That's how they got married. Tom Cruise. But anyway, forget about that one. Forget it. Hey, Tom. You're fairery. But anyway, so a week ago, Sunday on the passion that I had, they had the world of Bush, which Eric did a brilliant job getting on our website, even click on part one or part two. And I went on a year and I was so excited to fact we had that on there. I'm at as well the twiddling my toes here. I'm living in a dream world. This last guy, how many days been between calls like that? Tell me that really gives a crap about something. Like I've always said, you know, you do the best you can. You live your life. It's short and joyed. But at the same time, don't bury your head in the sand like a freaking ostrich. And that's a problem of the American people. They have no concept of what that was going on. And that's why we try so damn hard to put stories on the website that aren't the same weekly reader crap that you get every day from CNN and MSNBC and Brian Williams. There with his nose out of joy. They all really bugs. There's two things that bug me even though I do watch NBC nightly news every night now. Because I will not watch your old Bob Shee for Okidoki. But there are two things that really bother me. And maybe book a Brian can get that sound from the NBC news. You know, to be in the cinema. You're like, whether we're in the hell you're talking about? Sure. So don't tell them. And it drives me crazy plus the booth announced or when NBC, he's got to be 174 years old. You know, those union jobs they have in New York. They have until they croak. And so that guy, he's been doing booth announcing an NBC for since before how he did he was a baby. And the NBC nightly nose ran in Ryan way out. You know the more some talking about him. He can barely even speak anymore. He's like one step away from George Wallaine, they're the juicy man. It's all those juices on the informers' nose. Jesus, my name, my name, my name from the start to an L1. And mommy. And anyway. So anyway, we put that thing on a website. And again, people want to see naked pictures. That's all. People are desperate. I don't know. I'm naked pictures. Don't do much for me anymore. And you know, and quite frankly, never did. I want to be a, once you've spared to me, I see, until you have the real thing, naked pictures are great. You know, like guys, you used to look at the series catalog before it was a point of really available. I like JC Petty myself. Yeah, there you go. But, you know, once you get the real thing, it's a little more interesting. Okay? Like like flesh, like touchy, feeling like doing. Not looking, not wanting, doing. Oh, God forbid. You know, now he's talking real perverse. That's right. One thing to look at it. Can't get no disease from just looking at it. What a bet. So that's what they want. They want the naked pictures on here. And all these tungsten and they that are, and you know, let's look on a bright side like Maddie Python would say, let's look on a bright side of this thing. We have flushed out from our website. All these interlopers, we have absolutely no interest whatsoever in the poll and the stories that are on there. Meaningful things that we put on there, the cartoons, no matter what we put on it. See, from this day forward. And of course it's not by choice, but I mean, maybe a good thing. Our website is going to be like a newspaper. That's all right. Why the hell should we have naked pictures on it? Where we're in that fitness scheme of this. It was a draw. And it was. No, I always was a big draw. Right. Anywhere you put naked pictures on the website on the internet. It's going to have a big draw. So I just needed to spot off a little about that because I'm watching these stats on there. And I'm seeing just how we, how we take it, is it is? You know, we had these days, we had this humongous responses. And what is this really great? People are really paying attention. People are, they couldn't give a flying crap less. We had a big spike on there before the presidential election for about a month and a half. October and then right up to the election in November. And then those people all disappeared. You know, all done by buy, you know, chickens out of the coop horses out of the barn. Because that's another thing. The attention span, the American public is how many seconds. I would say. It's not that the American people collectively are such bad people. It's just that they're not educated people. They're ignorant. And when you're ignorant, it's a very sad situation to go through life being so ignorant. And like they guys said, when you watch the news on the CDC or the day when you're watching the perspective of what's happening in the world from a more objective is, suppose to get you spoon fed that garbage in that propaganda. Can you imagine here's a guy on CNN sitting there with a straight face tongue, the world that Dick Cheney told him that quantum was really a, a tropical paradise. It's a wonderful place. Clubbed. They're on the case. Yeah, that's right. They're having a game of time down there. Okay. You're fair. Just like Cheney's lesbian daughter that they've preacher so pissed off about. They took that girl. And they brought her out of that. That show that two hours should be for every American should be forced to sit and watch that. Don't you think? Absolutely. I mean, I just don't know. I just, I don't get it. I just don't know. You won't see any of that in the American media. Because it's exactly the same. Everything is dollars and cents, man. And just like this company now, all we don't want to offend this one. We don't want to offend them. So we're just a bunch of horrors. All of our will say this. That was very thanks to the Humphor for Tommy about that. Directed the positive David. David, see, it's probably too much work on their part. You know, plus the network. They have to cough up the money a little bit earlier each time. See, like, with Josh's paycheck in your paycheck, they can afford to do direct deposit. You know, when it's time, Nichols and Thames, they can collect that on the street corner. They can do indirect deposit. They can put one of the big and pull one of their in-brades. I wonder in-brade cousins out there in a street corner with a, you know, with a monkey, working grinder. Yeah. And he can collect the Nichols and Thames. No problem. I'll cover that in the bank. I've been going to the bank for years ago when they didn't give the money in for their whole for the entire company. Yeah. Well, we've just got deposits on, and so nobody in a, the measly stations got paid on payday. And I'm not sure you're, I'm very well. Sure. I said the, the memo. The very sympathetic sensitive memo. No, yeah. That's a reminder. The way you do the medical. And there's a special place in hell for people like you. So we've hard. Carol and measly my ass. Well, people should be grateful. I mean, where the day of payroll is in doing silly attempt on the, I don't want to go through the whole thing here. We just embarrassing. And the bottom line is that they just have a real difficult time paying people on time. You know, it's gone nothing to do with what you're making $100 or $1000 or $100, it's kind of nothing with the amount. And the fact is when people work for you payday is payday. It's not like, well, you know, like if you're working for some little mom and pop, drugstore or something, and while we had a bad week and we'll have to, you know, and that can happen. But we need a bottom line is guess what work we're working for. We're not working for a major because they're under stock exchange. They're like a big company. We're working for a mom and pop broadcast in company. That's all. You know what? I know it. Yeah. Mom and pop. That's why we got choice in there now. The word Nazi. The word police. Oh, you can't play the arts. You can't do this. You can't do that. You wouldn't know already. Let me say it again. You wouldn't know already. If you're stuck it up for ass and twisted the dial as far as it would go. He still wouldn't understand what they'll solve a bit. That's a choice. That's our leader. So when we're like they said direct to prison. Now the second you paid, you just get the slip by this at the time. You actually get the money in the bank. I get the money. Five days at the time. So in other words, you guys you can pay five days before I am in this case. Six or seven, all depending whether my trip shows up today. And by the way, I didn't understand that D.H.L. thing, tough. Yeah. He said the career was going to deliver. So I thought like, you know, like a person. No, they handed it over to D.H.L. So maybe it'll show up. Maybe you want today. Who the hell knows what he's talking about? What would you like to be dressed up with? I'm bigger part. I'm not sure what's somewhere. Yeah. It's all right. Now that's already my house. 10.56. We got the more mice. He might. He might. He might. He's going to say something. Because if he says it, then it'll sound like sour grapes. About Jimmy's. I'm going to play by flight. But if I were him, that's going to pay the attention to me. I'd be just rubbing my highlights together. But it's just gorgeous. Really awesome. That's how I'm supposed to be a five-season, but I'm just laying it out. Better than in fakes. Just leave them all over the shelf. Relaxing your normal ones is telling themselves. We're in a history from bottom of the cold. Tom Cruise doesn't like her anymore. Did you sit calm? Who don't know? Tom is catching a boat. Got on the floor. And two minutes on her and one night. Because that dude is crazy for sure. Tom Cruise is getting tired of her. And now he's gone on fabricating the holdings. She was a baby that had been very good cold. And Tom Cruise doesn't like her anymore. Not Tom is coming back in the cold. And silent Tom and two were save us all. He's going to keep her on her cruise control. Because Tom Cruise doesn't like her anymore. Tom Cruise is getting tired of her. Yeah, he's all over. Tom is your fair. It's 11 or one at five. How's the deep in Tommy? Just fine. Washington Cardinal theater or mechanic was a real right wing lunatic. Said Catholics don't have to believe in creationism. Well, isn't that nice to him? Isn't that Lily White to him? All he's a little on the dark side. The Bible's a kind of God created Adam and even the University of six days. They don't have to believe in that. But he told reporters at the N. Thanks for whoever facts this because I did see it over the weekend. But didn't print it up. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. The most important thing is to be able to do that. Cardinal McHarrison, the church cannot accept the belief that this is all an accident. But he ended up as long as air and every understanding of evolution. The hand of God is recognized as being present. We can accept that. That's good enough for us. I'd like that. Thanks for either Paparovic who said me that. I want to ask you to speak into that world accorded devotion. I'd passion the idea that we went to great time and effort to put on air. Have you had one call? One fan? One fan? One fan? From anybody himself? I watched it. It was just amazing. It put it right in there for us. It's about that whole all the lies in the war and all the other crap. And the Bush and the regime of right wing lying lunatics did it in not one. Let me take it back. One fan? No. Good honor about a week I would say. Because I sure was on a week of Sunday. So I would think we could go today. Irracad and on there. Maybe if we tell people that they could. People they could picture in there. Okay. People they all like. They could be a bottom-skilled and the son of Hussein. And Richard Proy should see his ass. Oh my god. And wait till he see Paul Wolfowitz. If he thought his hair was bad in Fahrenheit 9-11, wait till he see his ass. Seriously. Where does it begin? Where is there like a kernel? Where is there like a stone that starts like an avalanche? A little something somewhere. You know? This is a state where this crazy fat ass governor who waited until they did day after the train bombings in London. The cure bombs. And then he said, well, I'm going to drop you. That whole thing with theory. Shut up. Michael Shirema. Yeah. Yeah. At a time when you knew it wouldn't get like more than 15 seconds of time on a news. Of course, when you come right down with what's gotten more time on the news. Carl Roe and Valerie play with all this other scantlets going on right now, which is a million times worse than monarchy. This is a federal crime outing of a CIA agent. Which has gotten more time back or they're going to wait bright. Is it even a common case? That or the, the, what you call in there in a rouba. The missing tuba in a rouba. That dim bolt, huh? Which by the way, the guys are crazy guy. They've touched him. He's, he's the owner of the Bible. They said, that's the number of less I don't care if I didn't care about the story before I still don't care about it. And then this is a spoon fed crap. And immediately decide, well, what are the diminished diverseness, man? They've got to be salivating at the White House over this. The way that maybe just plays right on their hands. Republicans took him and Senator Hillary Clinton, a rotten Clinton on Monday for a video to talk about this. No. Oh, nice going Hillary. I always liked her, you know, they've bitch. They've took him and her on Monday for a speech comparing President Bush to Mad Magazine's strackle faced Alfred E. Newman, what me worry kid. A Republican National Committee official said the former First Lady was part of today's angry and a grittemocratic party. He said, well, a spokesman for one of her potential 2006 interviews said she was guilty of insulting the president. No, no way. The truth isn't an insult. At a time when President Bush and most elected officials are focused on the security armament of our nation, Mrs. Clinton seems focused on taking on partisan jabs and promoting her presidential campaign at a near-of-the-o-peach chairman Steven Mineric. Her priorities are clearly out of whack. Clinton's attack on the president came Sunday to re-speech in Colorado. You go, he'll. Sometimes, feel that Alfred E. Newman is in charge in Washington Clinton said to bring me an odd relapse. An idea, especially organized by the aspirin Institute, and on partisan think tank. The former First Lady drew a laugh from the crowd when she described Bush's attitude toward tough issues with Newman's catchphrase. What me worry? It wasn't the first time Clinton had likened Bush to the Mad kid and April she told the New York Theory news reporters and editors, We're in a very dangerous business situation in this administration is Alfred E. Newman. What me worry? As Clinton years up for a Senate reelection race in New York next year in possible White House been in 2008 where a tax end Bush had become sharper. In her speech Sunday she accused the president of damaging the economy by her overspending, while giving tax cuts to the rich, it's probably the best soldiers of equipment needed to fight the winter rack, and cutting funds for scientific research all sounds real to me. I was going, however, okay, it's about her. She and Howard Dean are about the only ones who got a big pair and believe me from what I hear she's got a huge pair. Great. WQAM hello. Well, I'm thinking of a great sense of what we got to do a hockey show. I'll call it, remember. QAM. Not there on my entry. Well, that's where it goes. WQAM hello, they're busy. Jumbo. There's so busy that they would waste the time. That's where it gets me. 560, 560, pound 560, leave a rise and sing it a word as line. WQAM hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm very upset about the lack of mainstream media coverage on the fat boy, not a champ, but like Carl. Yeah. I mean, I guess what's disturbing about is I actually read a report and I'm going to say where those lawyers defend somebody saying that he actually spoke to the special prosecutor. And he's been told that he's not the target. I guess that's right. He's a special prosecutor, but he's giving the phosphol perpetrator, I guess, the insides coupon. I guess unless you know how independent he is, it's a logic. Kaka. Good luck to us, Pally. For two years, the White House is insisted that presidential adviser Carl Rov had nothing to do with a leak of his CIA's office as an identity. And President Bush had said the leak would be fired, but Bush's spokesman wouldn't repeat any of those assertions Monday and the face of Rov's own lawyer saying that his client spoke with at least one reporter about Valerie Plains role to CIA, he forced he was identified in newspaper column. Rov described the woman to a report where someone will apparently works at the CIA, according to an email obtained by Newsweek Magazine. White House press secretary, Terace Scott McColle, refused to discuss the matter with Tune News Briefing yesterday, he said he wouldn't comment because the leak is the focus of a federal criminal investigation. The prosecutors overseeing the investigation of express, see this is a bunch of crack because they had a meeting as Joseph Wilson pointed out in that documentary if any of you would have wanted. They had a meeting at the White House that Dick Cheney got together. And they decided this is the way we're going to retaliate. Joseph Wilson, because he wouldn't go along with her phony in what your main name is story. Does it have this? Yeah, that's right. This is the way they were going to get even with him. Oh, his life is CIA, well, that's out of her ass. Okay, that'll teach him, put him in his place. That'll put their lives in jeopardy. The prosecutor's overseeing the investigation and express the preference to us that one way to help the investigation is not to be commenting on it from this podium of Cologne said, in which, by the way, a garage of long overdue questions about robe and the previous White House denials. These women, they got their lips are sealed. Okay, and when it's convenient for them, they say not no. Okay, just like the Nazis, they don't have to tell you anything. Propaganda, that's all you're going to get. Spoon said propaganda. WCOM. Hello. Yes, Neil. I'm just wondering why the country is not in the outrage about Carl Roe and his doing. I mean, we have an investigation on a guy getting a little DJ action. They've been $70 million dollars. Yeah. And then we've been people to war. We have American dying every day. It's getting worse by the minute. There was never any weapons and mass destruction. There was never any Iranian remember. This is a president who ought to be impeached. This is an adviser, his ought to be in jail right now. Bob Novak and Judith Miller, all she already is. They both belong in jail. And the public is more like this. And it's not a big deal. I'm going to be a busy word about nonsense about garbage. Oh, this doesn't. It was a lesson. This is this re-elected on the prom on gay marriage. That's what got the right wingers out to vote. They could not let the belt be direct situation. They just wanted them to not deny a wife to free people. This is disgusting. And it's getting worse by the minute. Well, it's a kind of gender-fascism and you used to it. I'm not used to. I tell you what. If we have another GOP, why not? If I might move for Canada. You know, the land of the free. I watched the world right in the last night to see what he had to say about Carlberg. Nothing. No, one thing in his parking point. He's not doing a lot of heavy breathing. Hang on, everybody. I'll see you at the border. We'll check your passport. This says to our affine, most amazing. Bob, you're exercise simultaneously occurred as London attacks. Huh. Coincidence? Now, this is from the Alz Zero Wefts Center. Just cost you one now. Uh-oh. But. It says a consultancy agency with government and police connections was running a drill exercise for an unnamed company which we've all worked around the London Underground being bombed at the exact same time at locations as was happening in real life on the 7th of July. In a BBC radio 5 interview which was aired on that very evening July 7th, the host interviewed Peter Power, managing director of Viser Consultants, a firm, which labels itself as a crisis management advice company, also known as PR firm, Peter Power was a former scout on the artificial working at one time with the anti-terrorist branch, Peter Power, kind of like Peter Puck. Though Piser's managing director told the video shows host that at the exact same time as the London bombings rotation place, his company was running a 1000 person strong exercise drill in which the London Underground was being bombed at the exact same locations at the exact same times as having a real life. And it's got the transcript of the interview. Right here, stories on our website, I'm sure it isn't there will be. Yeah, will be as soon as Josh gets around and would okay. He's got some issues again. He'll get into it by the way, when you see the size of that check. Um, let me just read just a little bit of okay. Okay, Peter Power, and he says in half past nine this morning, we were actually running an exercise for company over a thousand people in London based on simultaneous bombs going up for precisely at the railway stations where it happened this morning. So I have the hairs on the back of my next standing upright now. The host says to get this quite straight, you were running an exercise to see how you would cope with this and then have it about you're running the exercise. And we had a room full of crisis managers for the first time they'd met with. And so five minutes we made a pretty rapid decision that this is the real one and we went through correct drills and back to making crisis management procedures to jump from slow time to quick time thinking and so on. The fact that the exercise mirror the exact locations in times of the bombings goes beyond it to being your coincidence. And it's going to power that real focus to bond simultaneous bombings. At first, the bombings were thought to have been spread over an hour, but that was later confirmed by places being wrong. And that in fact the bombings were only seconds apart there for simultaneous. We didn't leave. Okay, not because you probably won't because there's no naked pictures under anymore. Yeah, you know, I can get open out of shape. I can work myself up into a lot of the fact that the matter is, I don't think there's anybody you and I. We watched that thing because I saw it on TV the first time I did watch it again. We're the core in the bush and we put it on there like an exercise. Sure, that's all. Hey, look at this. This is really an eye opener. Okay. This is a stuff that your Jones important. You people keep telling us you're not going to get from your main stream network. There it is. You watch it and join it. You like it. You're getting anything out of it. No. But where's the naked pictures? What a come to score. What a score. What do you advise of? Yeah. Forward to a worse world. Secondly, we got to make sure the community college system and higher education itself is a lemonade to the best extent possible. I tell you why. I think colleges are market oriented places of higher education. They're affordable. They're accessible. And they're able to adjust to the demands of the local economy. That is bad news for America. Now is the time to take on this important task. So that we start getting it right. There is nothing worse in the school system. Fully preparing our citizens for the jobs of the future. Businesses must never strive for the best and leave behind a better America for our children and grandchildren. Don't let them. We're going to be doing this. We've got more on a dummy and half of what feels to the half of the electorate, who are as dumb or a little bit of a big deal. And he's right. But here's the facts finally. Okay, but got one. Thank you for the roll according to Bush. It's his wise know that in jail for a long time. We all got the idea. I hope Carl will be in the cell next to him. It's going to be so. Thank you both for all you do for us. I'm surprised that he said, where is the naked pictures? Oh, come on. I'm sure it's implied. Well, thank you for the facts. There's so many who cared enough to send to me. I didn't watch this thing. It's really nice. It's two hours. I realize it's the middle of the summertime. It's harder when hell doesn't have the name profitable, sure, man away. And all this stuff we just did with another hurricane. Exactly. It's harder than hell. It's too hot to be outside. Right. I'm feeling like he wanted me to want to take a lesson. I'm going to do it. I'll let you tickle in three days a week. Okay. I'm pissed off and fired up. I'll go get my tickle stick. I am so sick and terribly murky and media and especially living when you're living outside of it a little bit and you can look with a different perspective. You realize all you've gotten is propaganda, maybe. If you're happy with propaganda, if you have a vegan brainwashed and just laugh it up, just suck it right up. How's that pull coming? What media person do you think might just be the antichrist? 299. Look at the votes are pouring in on this website. One at a time. Holy cow, right. Man, one at a time. 3.0.2 now. I want you to stop and ask yourself this question. All right. Self. And for example, on a pool. And I realize it's a middle of dog days, it's a middle of summertime. A lot of people are gone. But never, never less. What does the pool have to do with the picture, the be the curtain being there or not? No, the see what I'm saying. So there was the fact that the be the curtain is not there. There's no longer the maggot magnet that we had before. It's not there's only one word I can think of that describes that. The only one that comes close and you know what the word is? That's pretty pathetic. Oh, okay. Cosphatic. So now we have to, it's like we have to start all over again. We have to like we in the audience away from a little bit of flesh on there, which quite frankly, but it's here in two votes. Rush Limbo on 25, Bill O'Reilly 50, Sean Hannity 34, New Rogers 27, 8.9% of the audience think of the anti-Christ. Oh, man. I made my mark. Al Franken 23, Bob Novak 20, Michael Sabagateen, Ms. Mathura, she's got three. Matt, you fair, you're a screemer, you're a flamer. And we'll feel free to find a guy another one's got two votes. Who tells us that, get Moizaya paradise. It's wonderful there. Sure. So if it's so great there, one person, he's asked on that. That's what I like to know. You're not a bastard man. I can just see him with those big strum through her boots on. You know, on a big bill, they're local. The hobnail boots. Ha ha ha, a foo, man. Here's a fact that says I came up with a way to attract attention to Valerie Planger Wilson's railroad fiasco. Just published the vanity fair photo of Val and Joe on your side. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, here's the URL. Tim lady, you enough to get them out for either's attention. It says I make good use of the articles posted on your side. Thanks for the service. It may be the most relevant concise, convenient out here. I agree with you. Okay. Georgian I and even Little Josh, there are days when he feels like it all over today was a lot of them. Yeah, we're working hard and soft to try. No seriously. So we just remember how they at least on that stuff to it. And then before I go to bed at night, I see if there's like a new stuff. Especially like local stuff takes me like two on the slow reader. But man, oh man, I mean, we're just, you know, what we'll see you's just throw your arms up in here and say, listen, at least the check sphere. One day show up. I wonder if that check showed up yet, you think? I don't have any email here confirming that the check showed up yet. Duff. When he told me, you were sitting right there. We're doing it. Tell me about the HL. Sure. I don't understand that. I don't believe what that company uses. I'm pretty important. That's what this company uses. See, when somebody says to me, curry, I'm assuming like, you know, I'm not saying I know a guy. And I'm curious of this is where people like real wedding and wedding people as opposed to putting it on truck with 7,000 other packages. This is my money. Duff, this is my pay. This is my check. This is what they owe me. Today is the Trumpad July. Okay. I'm thinking if I don't have an email by noon saying that that check showed up by noon, you might just be the last two hours today. I'm saying no paying no play. Remember that one day? I just play musical day. I'll give you something. It's just, it's just, it's just ridiculous that a company that fancys itself is being like a real broadcast in company and is opposed to a bunch of a healthy mugwamps that amount of pay people on fun. Well, it was sitting there when every time there's a different story. Okay. Guess what folks when people were for it. They don't want to story on pay. They want to check it. In my case, a big fat one. That's what I want. A big fat one. George would like one too. In fact, he laid it up right now if he had it. God. And it's always like, yeah, what it was. It's not really mind or problem. Who's the problem is it? Okay. Who's in charge over there? Who's one of the joints? If it's engineering, well, it's not mind or mind. If it's the sales, if it's copy, if it's okay, it's just a minute. And I will say this. The only one you can talk to because anybody else in our post going to be anything done for you. He's the only one you can talk to. Yeah. And even then it's like, wow, but it would be pretty good. You know, the old, the old shuffle. You ever seen him do the shuffle? No, I was going. Oh, and him and Jell were our last Thursday. They didn't have a shuffle to go. I can't tell you what else they were going. Senate committee calls FEMA AB disaster sites fraud and rampant ways. Study like that. And the meantime, they're always raven about, oh, FEMA was there. Why the way and what a great job. Thanks to Governor Jabbed. As Hurricane Dennis Vordan on Florida, US Senate committee demanded the federal emergency management agency FEMA fix serious shortcomings and nations disaster aid program, then they able date County residents to collect millions of dollars last year that is for a storm that struck 100 miles north. And a letter fried into agency chief Michael Brown, Senator said, forward Cummings allowed taxpayer dollars to be wasted and listed 19 improvements they believe FEMA must make. The call for reform came from the Senate committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs which released its official findings from a system of investigation of FEMA. The panel began examining disaster assistance payments and response reports in the Sanford Assun Sentinel showing that FEMA handed out $31 million to date residents for hurricane Francis the Labor Day weekend storm that caused little damage in the county. $31 million. We'll take it. Yeah, I'll take it. Take it right here. That's your government in action again. And the public says, we'll take it. Dolphins make Michael arrested following alleged altercation with wife. You know something that dolphins, they've got some serious problems. You know, as you look back over the against the fish, would that be a good name? And the name for that they want to change your image a little bit. The geez. Yeah, the geez. The against the fish. I like it. They've had so many gangs design at FEMA, but here is a car, coaxed orders and pot sellers and wife beaters and then of course to meet your centerwood and her day by the seven self-rightest slices neck. And just a lot of kind of like, move them crazy people. There was old Bobby Humphrey. And all these people on a phone is going to must be to be a fact of something very important in there. We think that it. I'm not taxi. Maybe it's a truck. None of the phone. Not that. The dolphins tie the end Randy McMichael is facing charges for the second time and 13 months for allegedly hitting his wife. McMichael was arrested early Saturday morning in Columbia County in Grove Town, Georgia. After witnesses told Felicia given his wife, Kowana, a bloody nose. The 26 year old McMichael was taken the Columbia County detention center where he was charged with simple matter when criminal trespass. McMichael was released just before 7 a.m. Saturday after posting a $20 dollar vodka in the jail records. We certainly don't condone the contact which has been alleged. And we recognize the seriousness of the charges. However, we will not make a specific comment about this matter until we get a more information. Dolphins quotes Nick 7, 7 a.m. Saturday. Of course he and say much. Nick's David. He's mom. I'm thinking 3 and 13 sounds like the number for this dolphin season. Sound about right. Yeah, maybe four. You know. According to the police report, McMichael announced he had two glasses of wine and several beers. To for arguing with his wife, I refuse to take a field breathalizer test. Colylamic Michael 22th of place. The contact with her husband was an accident as he was throwing some of the belongings under 84 Cadillac hoop to build. 84 Cadillac hoop to build. And that a little bit on the David side. Maybe it's in good shape. Maybe they had 25 inch reams on it. Four witnesses told police they saw McMichael showed his wife from the car. One witnesses told police he saw the athlete through his wife away from the vehicle several times. Colylamic Michael was treated at the scene. Prosecutors decided not to vouch charges after McMichael was arrested in June 2004. A few of the fitting is wife. McMichael had been charged with aggravated battery on a pregnant woman. A second to re-founded that's punishable by up to 15 years in prison. All right, Andy. You go. Man. 27 past 11 at 5. 60. Nobody chewed my can't wait to find out who that wasn't probably a very important package downstairs. You know. Let's hope. I think it's a good man. In which case. Get that music crank. Yeah, I got it. Music like. Could you sleep at all? Did you get a good night's sleep last night? Not too many shows actually have music to go with the spots. Were you tossing in turn all night? And all night. And we'll sleep at all. I can't get you. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. You got to get me. If you're tired of that small cramp bed, stand a step up to a new queen or king size bed from our friends at Dalamacris. When you call 1-800 macros, you'll choose and float as largest inventory of queen and king size beds ready for same date delivery. You choose the date and time and a two hour window. 7 days a week between 8 am and 10 pm and guess what? They show up when they tell you through when you want them to. Dalamacris carries a complete line of stealing and sort of Simmons king corals turns in foster and their everyday low prices and beef stock make your shopping a breeze a piece of cake. When you call 1-800 macros, you'll speak with an expert bed in consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest his style and cover level that is perfect for you. These folks know the bedding business inside of. Just about all of us here at QM Sleeck's like a baby on Dalamacris bed. You ought to be doing the same. Call 1-800 macros or check them on the wicked web at mattress.com. Dalamacris 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Leave off the last list because it stands for sensational, stew-pendous savings. My house is a little bit too big that's seen. Biggest person out there. Watch for some big-to-semitations. Sports video five cents. 2 AM. I stand in front of you now. 2 years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner but Neil I apologize. It's way deal. You are the true forwarder to talk about it. It's a little bit too long. It's a little bit long. I'm just going to go in the way. You're with me. Yeah, I'm just going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. No, no. It's going to go in. It's going to go in. It's going to go in. I think you're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. You're going to go in. Hey, you like me? When I go in. And when I go back. And when I go back. These are my I'm going. You being done well. It's going to go. They will go in. Hopefully. But I could. Absolutely. Why. I'm going. Pray, pray, repent and fight. Pray, pray, sort of pray for you to suffer. We waited for you. Also have to go in. So please don't! You are going to fight. And it's snowmol archetyen. Cere stunned. It's going to go in. We're going. And we're going to Go in. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. Oh, you're going to die if you can't wait to go in the toilet. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. What the door is closed? I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I don't know why the door is closed. I'm not too keen on her. No. Prosecutor Billy 7 pages of documents says that a detainee was also forensic test which were in conclusive. It's not very helpful when we were in others to have a conclusive case. The defense attorney Jim Lewis, there's still a lot of questions about who the robbery is. I still believe in Lionel. I don't believe he was the robber. And of course, of course, his worth are interviews are not. I don't think he'd be no anchovies, do. Who eats anchovies anyway? I don't know. Nobody but a anchovies on pizza ever. Josh, I've never met him. We ordered them as a lar once. We didn't really know what we were getting into. Nobody was down with it as they said to can't. Exactly. I don't know any human. Actually, like, interviews. And once in a while, your order of pizza. And how they take the ingredients and they like, toss this stuff. Yeah, yeah. And you can tell that they're like, a little trace of anchovies got in there. And like, for me, that's that's it. That's the end. They got a two close to the anchovies. Exactly. Two close to the bad pile. The take this gathered DNA from 11 object related to the mayhold of including pizza boxes in a black mask and a pair of maroon shorts. Oh, by the way, speaking of that pizza delivery, you guys are going to get on Friday the answer is, oh. When you told me that before the show this morning, I don't know what may be angrier. That or wolf blitzery, it's not just about what a lovely place one ton of them always. I just don't understand people. You know, it's one thing to get used in abuse. Just ask Kathy will, it's you'll tell you. You used and used in abuse until finally you feel like you just like, like an old piece. I'd say, sure, I'd say, like an old sponge. Hey, you. Hey, Kathy. Man, she, I won't anybody want to be with her. I mean, she had the nastiest confession, you know. I don't know about you. Yeah, no, she was a model, ugly bitch. Model, that, that's, see, it's one thing to be a model, but she was a model with two T's. Model, like, like, what did they call that? Isn't there a name for that, like in pedagogy? Yeah, I think they were going to go over. So what is that thing where they like, where you're saying, is like, all suns dried? Yeah, suns dried. Oh, I think she was like, fried suns at a complexion like cheap, brown beef. Working with partial strands of DNA and each sampled about a kind of sheriff's office crime line couldn't statistically narrow the results enough to definitely point it, or anybody else. DNA gathered from the mass could have belonged to take the 16 year old defense suspect or one and six other men according to the test results. The sample tucked from the room shorts could not have belonged to the 16 year old, however, could have belonged to take or one and a 40 other men. Oh, this is going to get 40 other men and see which one of them done it. God, I was speaking to who'd done it, Rochester, my hometown. Who was on TV last night, thought about was Don Sherry was on some show, getting interviews, speaking to Sergeant Griggs. And he said, in his favorite city of all places he ever worked was when he coached in Rochester. I think like that. And I thought to myself, boy, he's losing it. Someone urinated in the Holy Water, and he said, urban watches in New York Catholic Church. Oh, right. How do you like them? He's the best Satanists. And I guess the Pope is pretty pissed off. Four local teams have been charged with that and other vandalism. Monroe County Sheriff's deputy said that teenagers smashed wine bottles against the walls. Left bicycle, skid marks on it. She has never shitted doubted, duff coming through and I think, you know what? I'm serious. I don't want to like suck up a little because that would be very dangerous. But he's the only person we got. That's all we got. There's nobody who else you're going to go to. The janitor, who are you going to talk to when is this something doesn't get done? Because you got a bunch of lungheads running around in it. Thank god, Jen is back. No more vacations, Jen, back there in accounting. At least he wants them all to get to done right. What kind of a way is that to go through life? Every pain they have to sit on prison needles is a check coming through or not. You know? I mean, in your case, does it really make much of a difference? It makes it every bit of different. Right. You know, you don't keep all your money in a check in account, right? Who me? No, anybody. If you got a brain. What money? Well, all your money. All the good books you've done, you can me. All those appearances you used to do and everything. You used to. You're not pretty. All that stuff that fat boy was making you on the side. Monroe County Sheriff, that he said the teenagers smashed blind bottles against the walls. That bicycle skim marks on a carpet empty, the fire extinguisher. And burns to the red holes in the same pie, the tent church. Damage estimated 17 grand. Charge your 18 year old den, secular ed with the names are not the. All are charged with burglary and criminal mystical affiliies. They were released to their parents. They peed in the holy water, which I say, oh my God, you may see this as a German, the extra system. They did it. They all probably still be alive today. It was Tampa water. I remember that. I was like, oh, no, one of the church hated that movie like poison. It was such a mockery and rightfully so hollow. I mean, you tell me a religion that's got as many rituals as the Catholic church. And I'll give you like 45 bucks. Can you tell me any? No, I don't know. I mean, everything from the crossing yourself and the holy water and the beads and the heal Mary's and I can never ends. How does it go to an orthodox service or that I've choose to see if they can compare? They're not even the same lead, I've been eating all that. Yeah, that's true. They do have rhythm and the, and the, and the SNM gear. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6. You're going to few calls and you're before a moment comes along. Don't, don't, don't, don't. Come on up at two to the label. Don't, don't, don't. And I see, I don't know, because I'm not listening on that thing any attention and rightfully so. But I'm really curious is to whether he's got something to say about that whole Jimmy Cirphalist thing, because yesterday was a big breakfast announcement and a sunset on the Harold day covered it like I was with a blanket like it was big news. You know, like it was, to me, I'd like keep it quiet myself. And you know, it's how they went into like the 11th of July. So maybe if he's lost, but even though we had it on like two weeks ahead, everybody in town knew what it was going to be. And we just kept thinking, oh, this is got to be like a decoy, you know, they're bringing in Mark's champion. They're just, they're just fun on us. They're bringing in like a real broadcaster. But why, if you ever, real broadcaster, you probably ought to have a real team first. What if come to a hit? What if you're watching, you'll watch your steal by chance. What if you're watching, you'll watch your steal by chance. What if you're watching, you'll watch your steal by chance. And my am I. You're watching, you'll watch your steal by chance. You're watching, you'll watch your steal by chance. You have lots of big semis with those people anyway. Where did that come from? That disease, they hit one disease. Where's the body of the body? They want it to be famous because they're icy. So I'm going to have enough money. So I got the FSU quarterback is got a line disease. Did you see that? Yeah, sure. That's a good one. A drug problem. Really, it takes me off. Are you suggesting that they're an athlete is got a drug problem? No, line disease makes you, you know, claim like your God and bark like a dog. All that quarterback, the one that was lying in the middle of the road with his nose out of joy, yeah, line disease. Right. So in other words, you're not blinding. Sounds like a cover up to me. Yeah, that's only because it's FSU, who would have been the UM, you've been seeing it. And let me ask you this by the way, since Hank was talking about baseball this morning, the lack of black players. How many black players are one of your hurricanes team? Is that going to be the baseball team? Yes. One. Yeah. Okay. And the six years that I did, I can think of Calvin James was the name, but outfielder and a good hitter. And let's see who else did we have. We had, now we've played for his base was Latino. Yeah, most of them who you think are black are actually the leaders. From the Caribbean? Right. I don't know, no, he was gone with that. I guess it's a middle of the summer, like somebody said, it's kind of boring. Everybody whipped up. But why does everything always have to be a racial thing? I don't see anybody complain. There's like six white guys in the NBA. Well, what's the big deal, okay? Whoever can play they play? And I think that this whole business of like holding out, oh, you're going to be a star athlete and making millions to blacks to young black kids. It's ridiculous. I mean, the chances are one and a million at any of those kids are going to wind up, you know, playing whatever the sport is. Why we're going to start screaming about how many pro hockey players are our how many are there? But turn man. Speaking of hockey by the way, let's do a hockey show. What do you say, huh? Tomorrow is the big day by the way. Remember, remember, told us it was going to be last Tuesday. Did it? Now they're saying it's going to be tomorrow. You know, they didn't believe me and he was right. Nice going, Jolly. Jolly, we had it for right after mode today. But turn man. You think they're going to be, uh, concangulating. Mo and Jolly go to the heat each other like what? Let me ask you this. Who do you think? This is a tough one. In fact, maybe we got to do a pull on this. Is it a good pull idea for you? Okay. Who do you think there's the greatest hatred between an and a 2 a.m.? In other words, what two people do you think have the greatest hate for each other? Hmm. Not a good question? Sure. There's a pull for tomorrow. I think you should do that. Okay. We'll do that on Thursday. All right. Why should I? Because I'm such an ocean provocateur since a hateful piece of crap. Because they can't do anything. Because in the anti-christian, almost 90% of the audience says what? Because they can't do anything to you for stirring stuff up or saying, Oh, I see it. Because you're like wimping out. Is that it? Oh, I'm saying your contract. I'll say a whole bunch of stuff. All right. You're the money to say. You're so full of crap. You say you far more than I ever say. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's what we did once anyway. And then you then you got fired. I like this the way from Boston. I could take some more calls here, but I don't know. I feel like I'm on a roll here. I feel like I'm rolling it. Oh, speak at a roll. Let me do this to my first minute. Ties were doing with rolls. This is about the man in the toilet episode that we hit. Remember that story last week? The man in the main? Mm-hmm. A man arrested two weeks ago. I have to be pulled from an outhouse toilet in New Hampshire. His landed him in hot water in Maine. Gary and Moody. I wonder if he's Kim Doer John Moody who drives at his own park. And Windsor. Gary and Moody 45 have appeared Thursday in court on charge of violating his probation. By leaving the state and legislating committing new crimes. Moody and convenience store owner denied the allegations in Maine Free after posting bail. Moody has been free on $250 bail from Carroll County, New Hampshire, where he faces two counts that is certainly conduct on what kind of criminal trespass after being forced to in 26 in the waste tank of a, after being found June 26 in the waste tank that they picked toilet on US Forest Service property in Albany, New Hampshire. Authorities arrived at the scene after 14. I don't like New Hampshire. There's just something about it. The only time was ever New Hampshire was if rocking hand park in Salem, New Hampshire. Not my favorite place. Authorities arrived at the scene after a 14 year old girl heard a noise in the toilet. And saw a face looking up at her. Moody was a move. That would be that when you hear a noise in the toilet, you know it. Moody was moved by police and was hoes down by firefighters before being arrested. I got a very disturbing story. And let me ask you this, how does a big horse fly? Because I live in a high-rise condo. On a fairly like upper floor. How does a big horse fly getting out of my condo? Does they have this? Seriously, where is the windows art open? It's 180 to the reason they're shat. I'm sure not open in the windows these days. They hitched to ride somebody taking the elevator. They, you know, you know, you're doing a little sad. There was a big horse fly under my flavor way. The other day it was cooking a brought horse for dinner. Somebody come up on the back of your neck or something. And I see that damn thing there and man. Of course, one thing about big old horse fly. And see there's a big difference between a house fly. People get confused because I'm a fly expert. I've seen a few in my time. Sort of heard. And a house fly is much smaller. But a horse fly is like about twice the size. So you know, because you live in Montana. You probably see a lot of horse fly is a herd. Down by the canal. And the big, really. Yeah. That's a little bit. And they like move very slowly. They're like a little a farjard. They're like, you know, some people we have on a year. They're very a little a farjard. And so it's just too very slowly. And so I, I knocked it around a little bit. And finally, it's our crawl on the floor. The dancing didn't want to die. So I just stomped on it. But it's dead. But I just thought that was kind of like straight. But you're right. And I start thinking about it. Yeah, you can come any elevator and make a circuit. And of course, that flavor wave. So being a panic first that I'm, I put that all the parts except the very top, the cooking part. I put in the mic in the, in the, in my throat. But if you have, I put in the dishwasher. I was, I never used my dishwasher, you know. But I did. Good. And I think it was just like brand new right now. Now what is this story here? Grab your cues. They're failing to see a child fall from car. Nashville. A woman was ordered jailed on child abuse charges last week after she allegedly failed a notice that her unrestrained toddler had toppled out of her cars around her to curb. And there's an idea for you, George. Yeah. The child suffered cuts and bruises was rescued from the street by civil passes by. We saw its child abuse. Lar, Honda, McMillan. That's her name, Lar Honda. McMillan. 23. It was booked on charges of child neglect reckless and big has been driving out of the influence. He told the judge that she's been under a lot of stress and is battling a cocaine addiction. How do you like that? How'd she do it with it? She's doing it. She's having a rift start and good time. It took police about four hours once they have no to identify the boys. Let's get rid of this. Let's get rid of this. He was treated in the hospital for my injuries. The child was placed in the custody of the state. I can't imagine why. She means well. And here's another one. This is a letter to the editor. I'm the Spaceted 70 Cent. In the sun symbol. It's from a Marion in Fort Lardardale who says it's not taught in school or college. Not in training for many job positions. How in the world with today's technology have law enforcement agencies missed the boat. A young girl in Florida was kept in a closet for days across the street from her home and buried alive in a backyard. A young boy Utah lost in mountains never called out to men on horseback because it was tough. It's never speaks to strangers. Three young boys missing in New Jersey are found days later in the truck every man in carb belonging to one of the boys grandmother. With all the recent carb bombings and bagged at them in the least, one they look for the explosives instead of the perpetrators need I say more. And it says here the person who faxes to us says do either of you have any idea of the point of this die truck. Marion in Fort Lardardale gets them help Marion before it's too late. What is that? And I think we were close. He's trying to get it. I think what he's trying to get is our law enforcement people in our military not taught to find things. Or look I see. So now the results get our focus focus on it. Do you have 96 horse on a pole? What do you think about the Joshua? If we multiply times 10 and what media first you think might be the anti-Christ. Look there's only one issue that they could picture. We took them away. The government threatened to put everybody in jail. And that's the end of that. There's John Kerry. He was an issue here. And I believe very clearly Carl wrote like to be fired. And I'm going to let you wait. Two little cool ladies. I'm not it. There's Hillary. I said, I can't stand torn. I'm a member of the Republican leadership told me a few moments ago that he thinks this is over He did rhetoric. Right. And he says, it's always over Heeded rhetoric. It wasn't over Heeded when bubble was getting those BJs. That was okay. But now it's over Heeded rhetoric. Because the tables have turned man and you ain't seen nothing yet. It's by the all the crap about the missing girl in a rouba and a crap with the runaway bride, all the other garbage and the hiltens and all the swirl is spite of all that. You'll see this is going to blow up like a gigantic water balloon right in their posts. Anyway, 296 votes. Who what person do you think in the media might be the Andy Christ? Rush Limbaugh, 167. I'm going to tell you one thing we've discovered. And all these pools that we take. This audience hates that fat pill pop and hit a crit like poison. Yeah. I mean like so in other words, you have no vote on the other thing I suggested about who he's think about it. I'm thinking. Bill or Riley 65 and I see a lot of people would say me and mole. That's right. That was my first thought. But I don't think so no mole. No. Now he's you know. He is what he is. Sean Hannity 42. Neil Rodgers 348 and half percent of the audience thick on the anti-Christian got him. I proud of that. Al Franken has got liquid house got. About 30 man. Bob Novak 26. Michael Savage 21. Mr. Edge. He's only got six. Two fair. What he's got. And wolf blitz rings up to five now. It's 396. Oh, you're not finishing up saying anything. Not saying anything except. While that investigation is ongoing. On the White House is not going to. Comment on it. You're not here reminds me too a little bit of airy flisher. He reminds me of a real pansy discovered. Tell me. See a little less. No comment. These. These. This crab reminds me of the Nazis. There's a lot of closeted Joe McCarthy in the Nazis. A lot of closeted Queen speaking of misrunch. What a tough misfortune. Who knew that for? Suppose we knew five systems. Two way. Thirty-diamarage. Advising you to put duct tape on your radio. When I raise the warning dollar to think for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. This whole career was in the blind. Things weren't so fast. And you needed it. It's good dancing. You're proud now. Wouldn't you. When I was pretty much at a luck and all why I stopped. You heard I'm so steep. You could all stop. I'll stand out. Ten years. We'll have. Don't have much to see about there. The Neil and Jemple said they lot seems. Will those same people I used to buy my coffee from? They can be a fortune that's on the air. But I lost my appeal. We're finally stopped by the air. I feel like that's just too. Stop but it's not new. Ooh. What can you call it out or what? Not a chance. Come out of five sixty happy Tuesday too. We got Mulhoff and David in the two-year-old. Four Curtis at seven. The major league all star game. Today we're going to be watching on TV. It's a clock tonight. Followed by the head. Captain Show. Guess who died. Ed news. Good guy died. Bob Sheaven. Hope. Robert Lewis Sheaven. The first time Florida turned a General on a Peel Score. Judge died last. That is Miami home surrounded by his family. A long time Miami resident university. Miami graduate who ranked second in his class. Sheaven 71 itself from cancer. The esophagus for about a year. A formidable political power when the Democrats control state. Politics. Heaven was the favorite to win the 78 race for Governor. But lost his party nomination. They surprised upset. The been little known. Miami State Senator Bob Graham. Who went on to become a governor for two terms. And then a U.S. Senator. I was from 60 to 60 six followed by a student in state, Senate 66 to 70. Shepherd was elected to 30 generals. 71 left a job to run for governor. After leaving politics, he entered the private practice. One of his biggest clients was the Miami Dolphins and then on a Joe Robby. Shem was instrumental helping get the facility now known as Dolphins. Stay in goat in Northwestern. Stay in county. Bob guy. My family. Good people are the dead people. And the miserable bastards. Like Carl Roe. They're still alive. On exposed to the shopping mall. The time in Israel. How do you like that? Now is surprised? Yeah. But it was crowded the shot. They had us so we had a bank. Here's a thanks that says. And referenced the yesterday's pool. George left out one important category. There are many of us who only tune in dolphin games. Trow the end of blown leads or devastating losses. Why? So we can listen to the announcement's moan and whine. Followed by the forestry hours of suicidal fans calling in. Crying, bitching and fighting with the host. Great radio and you are. Absolutely correct. I'm top of it. Who's that? I'm lying 12. Hello. Oh, it's another one. Oh, it's another one. Oh, see what? It told you that happens. On other words, it wasn't named Johnson's. That was you from what I was saying. You know, that's how it's. You're so full of crap. What are you? What are you? Yeah. Every night and we give one of those. It's from those pinning ass people. Pivot stuff. I'm your fax machine. All of those people should die. They should all be dead. I get about one maybe one a week. You should get a whole bunch of them. Then they have a number you call. And if you call like 20 or 30 times and they finally take your number off that rotation list of their. They are. If they feel like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and even rise in singular rivals line. Let's get these phones going. That's here from all the people who will watch the. One. We had one fax. Yeah. The past that I think that we put on there. I was so excited when Eric got that thing up. And he showed two. And this crowd, everybody's well be farting into a wind storm. And everybody's well be peeing into a sand tunnel. And I'll be like, whistle and dixie through our. Back to them or maybe through our. Yeah. One or the other. What is wrong with you people? What does it take? Is there any change? I mean, you talk about a land of the deadheads. That's Florida, man. Almost 30 years now. And you can buy guts out. I'm as well. Like I said, I might as well be just sitting on the. I'm a strong squeeze for good reason. You know what's the point? Same end result. Good pay tax going to show up. But man, oh man, or sherbet, what? What a try to just. It's hopeless. Anyone in the last election time. I'll see that can be bothered with a stuff. I'm like you say this hot and it's humid. And the storms that we have to, you know, every time you turn around, right? It can't be bothered with such nonsense with such. You're insignificant crap. Here's line nine two a.m. Yeah. Yes sir. Good morning. What is this? Good afternoon. How's Toronto? Great. I know. I've listed a couple things. I just got back from vacation up in a last year, which was beautiful. But I wanted to share with you a couple things. Number one, man, clover is another video I Toronto that I think you would thoroughly enjoy. If you've never been there. Beautiful, beautiful city. I'll take you words for it. And talk about talking about home security. And what a part to there. So I'm going to security. Yeah. And what a part of the trip was, you know, these little tours they take you on. And we drove right up to the trans-alist, because it's long. Absolutely no security. Nothing. And I guess one of the tour fee flights. And what happens if somebody decides to come over here. You know, a little backpack and just decides to flip it under there. You know what the answer was? A left is not really prepared for terrorism. That's pretty real. Are you going to run around with me about five million dollars of pay. But you can imagine the chaos you would fall off. Yeah. So anyway, it was a great trip. It's a great trip. It's a great trip. And it's a great trip. And you're the best, man. And we're looking for a lot of money. We love the Toronto. Right. Absolutely. I do love Toronto. Civilized people, baby. Great place, eh? Living and breathing people civilized people. People speaking English. People like function together. It's a major miracle. It's like a breath or fresh air. You want to hear a steal like today because it's a meeting the reason to shave. But even so, I'll take it. WDQAM Hello. Hey, what's talking, baby? Yes, sir. Hey, yeah. What's the difference between a horse-fired kid? WDQAM Hello. Carl Roe of you company man, you farior. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, hi. What's up, man? Speaking. I'm going to the heart of Kali, and come and tell you that appreciate that. And as you know, I do, well, it's kept me going to be a review. The direction that I have to do. People think, I was standing around the, these are the things that that trying to see the car road story. And from time when you went to an other with those innocent BCR, but everybody else was talking about child molasses, a pedophile. And I also got with the rub on it. And I just want to appreciate, you know, the time to give us to our event. Okay. Thanks, Bally. What are you saying? I wasn't listening. WDQAM Hello. It got my project. Good. Good. Probably a lot of other people who use it. People might be some hope for. WDQAM Hello. What's up with your grip in this? WDQAM Hello. Yes, sir. You know, we started out with that one really great call to begin the show and I'm pushing my lock. Yes, sir. Great. You've got the best buzz. Yeah? Okay. Good. WDQAM Hello. Okay, no, I do. All right. Hey, a couple things. Jimmy Suffle, that was the guy that left the lady at the altar, right? Yes. Okay. Number two, as you know, he's doing a tele-terrorism. Have you noticed, well, maybe I've been down here, go to any post office, there are white open. What am I doing? Security to post office. Security for one. Well, how do you know, there were people freaking out about that interaction a year ago. Oh, don't say that. Can't put that on here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. There was no, there was no, whatever he just said, was there was there like a, oh, look at what? That's the wrong one. Oh, yeah. That was no ant ranks. Well, maybe a little bit. Maybe a little bit up there in Lantana. Oh, look at that. Oh, I love this splank for him. And it just, listen, you guys that are upset because those pictures aren't on the B decurtany more. Yeah. I'll see what this is. It was actually, oh, here's the, here's the correct time. 10, 27, 43. So, duff here within 43 seconds. I guess almost right on target, okay? Nice going, duff. Thank God for the, I was going to say, if you have a blankery. Yeah. What you do, if make up for the B curtain is you stick it between your legs. I think it's a part of it. And you put your legs together real tight in your crotch area. And then you have a bunch of people email you. Oh, I get it. Yeah, my phone is by great too. Oh, yeah. This thing, when it's sitting on a counter and a wooden or a middle thing, this is all mean. I bet I bet you that what's your name? And Sally, even Sally would want one of these. For she probably lose it. WDQAN, hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, is it me? Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I don't, I always get the lessons to you for the news. Nobody, obviously. Ah, the guy who just called says you get all of this from you. Yeah. Is he the only place you get the news? I don't know. He must be the one. He must be the one, huh? Yeah, what you're not. WQAN, hello. I mean, I know. Pretty good. Hey, I watched the roller going to bush on south the afternoon there. It frustrated me. It was very interesting. And the one thing that really struck home to me was right at the end of the first park where the soldiers are running that little family out of the house there. And those kids are staring at them crying. Right. And you, and you won that in sort of partying. If we didn't have any little dangerous to you. Yeah, very scary. I mean, those kids get another five six years. And some, you know, some, some, some, some, Clark comes along and tries to recruit them, which way do you think that I'm going to go? They're not going, man. In fact, I got to hurry on it. National Guard, Mrs. recruiting goal again. Hey, man. Hey, yeah. Good one. And back to you. Oh, the British are now saying that for the six quarters, issued under the service and four of the bombers were killed in Thursday's attack in the west Yorkshire area. These included the home addresses of three of the four men. I'm sorry. The British are literally me cool. Okay. They're constipated. They're hopeless. Although the only thing worse I told you before the show. And I saw a travel of peace last night on Scotland on Edinburgh. Yeah. So I want to apologize to the British. You are not the silliest people in the world. You're the second silliest. The scots have gotten you beat by a mile. Must be them kills. It's just, and of course, the Scottish invented golf through, so it all kind of fits together. With the exception of Fort Gallo with court. The Army National Guard, a cornerstone of US four, center of that, missed it. It's British. I. Oh, lady. I don't know. I can only play that one. The Army National Guard, a cornerstone of US four center of that, missed it. Including gold for at least the ninth straight month in June and is nearly 19,000 soldiers below a authorized strength military officials have wanted. On you kids out there, on you puns do not volunteer to not put your life on the line. Do not sign up so they can send you over to be killed. And some of the mindless war based on a pack of lies. That's my best advice. Don't do it. Okay. It's got nothing to do with patriotism. It's not nothing to with civil and country. It's got it. Well, only thing it has to do with is because it's a human arm. A human sacrifice. Sign up as soon as the Bush twin sign up. So if you're like means absolutely nothing to you, then by all means endless. Otherwise aside from that, then forget about it. Okay. Covenant's past noon is five, 60 WC, and a few a.m. For years, I'm strong for the homes that is always treated everybody like family and they want to stand up for for you to join their family. For resistance, they're for family plan. Right now, I'm strong for the homes that you can purchase a vehicle. I'd employ discount prices. That's right. Now through July 31, Armstrong for the homes that you can get the same rate, pricing every Ford Motor Company, employer and their families get. Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for limited time with any new car purchase, you get a car TV free too. So what can you possibly be waiting for? Pick up that phone right now. Call 305-24751-12 an asteroid David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place, no bait and switch, no full need deals. This fantastic offer is only available to Armstrong for the homes that they always treat your like family. Armstrong for this product. We local owned an operated vice president general manager David Rich says, bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong for the homes that you'll find in the US water southwest 307 streets is 20 minutes south of the 86. Check them on the wicked web. Armstrong cars.com and then give David Rich a call of 305-24751-12. And ask about the exciting Ford family planned today. Drive just a few miles extra but save yourself thousands of Armstrong's Ford of homes that you can't get the same score. The awesome story. Sports where you're 5-16. Two minutes. Be in. Durham Adgers. I never said home. And that's very annoying. You can't even say it. The party's saying the home is. I ain't never said it. But on the board. And I can't even say it. But they're awesome. They're the boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys. Boys of boys of boys. Boys of boys. Boys of boys. Boys of boys. They've got no chance. And I don't want to fight back. But the boy from the field. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Ah, oh, there we go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, wight and she said an old boy style, fed the boy voice with a law says, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. yes, yes, yes, yes, that there should be no community retaliation, no one should smear or stigmatize any community here, Peel. Yeah. Now, that's where we are at the moment. We know that there have been at least 2,000 contacts of valuable information as the Assistant Commission said, and 2,500 close-set get television tapes are now being studied. At least 3 people were at 3 stations, whatever it was, including the bomber. We're killed in one of these closions. Okay. Now, didn't they tell us that a student told so many different stories about that thing? Didn't they say that there were timers on the devices that there were left in bags on the queue? On the bus? Or maybe it was bad turning on that bomber's part. I see. This story you just asked me, this is enough to make the unalist you. What's the other one here? Words holy water? I want to add on the report, that's just 2 every day for us. And I hear something that we can more with a little more meat on it. Like an interiorship or the same Teresa, the little flower, the Reverend Michael deers into the Chibot, who could be canonized? Let's hair for Terry and her. Sheu. Yeah. See, I knew that that sheu coming handy. The dean of on-metavay Maria University, this is over in Naples. Okay. The dean of on-metavay Maria's Undergrantz with theology program, deers was shepherding Shibos parents, Bob and Mary Schenler and brother Bobby Schenler through a Friday morning announcement that a new scholarship would be set up in Shibos name. The scholarship. That's bad. Isn't it? Yeah, do you do? Do you do it? Shibos lost her building a function in the on-metavay. He said, Terry would not have wanted to keep her going to the Shenler's business. Friday, the Reverend Joseph Fesio, AEMU Provost, what is a provost? I've been asking for it for 100 years. Nobody can. What is it? Robert Flawn Provo used to play with him, I feel Canadians. Look it up. George, what is it? Provost, PROVOST. What is that? I don't know. It's a very skilled player. I think he's very skilled player. He's coming to the lead to his age from junior. What is Maria? Let's do some hockey stuff. What do you say, huh? Hey, I don't know. Hey, I don't know. Hey, I don't know. Why do you got him for it? Hey, I don't know. Hey, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So, day for hockey,堈 род talent, So, my job. I pet met seven graduated. How about the program? I don't know. The program for these performances. How's the program, today? Good job. You still haven't got來了 inoltime. You playediced You played english or you tried to outhaul the AK. When I got released, just go to High ranking. Habits, 2010 It's high ranking. I'm not going to be the police. I'm not going to be the police. Anyway, a friend of the Reverend Joseph Fesio, A.M.U. Provost, said, while it should never have been a tomato controversy to conflict awake in the constant simulation about the tragedy for the shindlers in Terry Shabo. When people say persistent vegetative state, I have just intercepted by the view of the big race and put it in the credit post. I think it's not gone. Let me show it. I'm marvelous. That was pretty weird. That was pretty weird. When people say persistent vegetative state, you see this smiling young woman, isn't that what it is? Fesio asked rhetorically? What does that mean? You understand it? No, I don't. Consequently, A.M.U. faculty members, a lot of work with the shindlers in their family foundation and the help of a motive, respect for a life, and help other families in the same way. It's a symbol for a survival life crime. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. Also. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same thing. The same. So I have to do it out and try to do it with the game. You can't allow a boy to throw the enemy free move. But then it happens a little kid. You can't defeat the two. And your boy's in the bedroom. I'm in the bathroom. Your boy's in the bedroom. You can't wait for a boy to join. You can't really. You can't imagine that you're being here. You can't even hear. You can't hear. You can't imagine that you're being here. I don't want to hear about you all the team in the room. So the enemy's had little around in the room. You can't wait to get the victory for us. They can't afford the choice. And they've been a higher level of your boy than your boys. And their boys in the bedroom. They've been there another way. You can't find the bedroom. And I can talk about it. Stay away from daddy. You know he's giving me a meal. The matter is that you really should show your parents. Oh God. About 34 or 26, but we're on a QM. We got the mole-mysterer. How long did they get to come along with two and a guilty? A guilty for man dog. Well, that's pretty sad. A guilty for the seven and a half and a half. Leading up to that big all-star game and Detroit. What a horrible place to have the all-star game. Yeah. I guess I got to get some people or reason to go there. Yeah. I got to hear the same story. Because I'm going to try to figure this out. Not that really most people care. How many people in America do you think care about those attacks in London on the Q? But that's right. I was saying that's right. You know, it didn't happen in America. So why should we care, right? What's it to you? Okay. Now this is what the where's this from? This is from CNN. British police said that they believed it was very likely. And this was just seconds ago, okay? They said that they believed, are you cracking your knuckles again? Yeah. No, why don't you got irritable bowel? What's wrong with you? I got to do it. I don't know. British police said that they believed it was very likely that at least one of the bombers responsible for last week's terrorist attacks in London, Diamond is closing here all the gates station. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Peter Clark, Kennedy Anti-terrorist Branch School of News Conference, office is retracted with established weather formations, expected to carry out the bombers, and all have been killed in the attacks. One man has been arrested in West Yorkshire, in Northern England following a series of raids around leads. We have written a 190 miles north of London and conventionally investigation. Now, Sky News, which of course is referred to in Murdoch, which after raised both eyes when you subscribe. I've never seen Sky News, of course not. Of course not. Don't. Personal documents of force suspected bombers were found, near the bomb scenes in London terror attacks police have said, the men traveled down from West Yorkshire and arrived at King's cross station shortly before the attacks were launched on Thursday morning. The images were captured by CCTV cameras. All four attackers, not confirmed to be suicide bombers, are thought to have died in the blasts. Sky News correspondent Martin Brunsett, the men were British. One man has just been arrested in West Yorkshire, and can't know what we just had in the other story. Brunsett police have made a number of arrest in leads. They were stationed in the bombings. They said they're also boys to make a arrest in London. It's a little bit of a group, but about neighbors at the address and said a 22-year-old man who lived over this family had gone missing. Brits, it doesn't say Muslims, it doesn't say we don't get an endmix here. It just says they were British. Presumably. I would have said that. And maybe now, I still could like, I can still have to put all the pieces of the puzzle together and just say the bodies together. One of the other people. And wouldn't it be something if it turned out that this, remember the Oklahoma City bombings, anybody? Oh, those were Muslims. Oh yeah, right. Muslims play in Muslim chariotech. And last time I checked, ten of him agreed and said, that doesn't sound like no Muslim to me. Oh, you haven't seen him with a talent. Is that he, the man, the right head year? Oh, he did look cute in that orange jumpsuit. Till he fried his hands. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. How's that pull come? We're going to make it to six hundred votes by two o'clock today. What do you think? I don't think so. What do you think, Josh? How's it looking? Five, oh, six, oh yeah. Like I said, if we don't get to ten thousand votes, what media person you think? Just my, I think this is a pretty interesting pull. The anti-Christ, and again motivated by wolf bloodscree. Sitting there. When are you people going to catch on? When are you going to start learning? When are you going to understand? I'll tell you who else we ought to put on there. They're really king. All right. It just might be the anti-Christens to spenders. The crap that he puts on here, our panel. You know what I think he needs on it? Sure. I think he needs a few more guests on a panel. By the time he finishes introducing the panel, I'd like to show this half over already. You know, if you're going to have a discussion on the subject, how many guests you have to have on a panel? Thirty men. By the time he gets through, well, the so each person gets to say about five words. Idiot. But that's the guy that gave us Ross Puro, it's on. I don't ever forget about that. I won't. Five hundred and six votes. The anti-Christens, Rush Limbo, 120, you say that. We hate him. We despise him. To help pop in fat ass phony. Bill Arale 82, Sean Hannity 54. Neil Rogers, that fat ass, fat guy 40. 7.9%. I'll frank in 32. Bob, no back 32. Have we seen the two of them together? Nope. Yeah, Bob, no back. Just put some big pair of out and John Glass is an old ass sudden poof. Just like that. Michael Savage's 29. This mad grudge. She's up to 10. You're fairie. And we'll close for you. He's only got seven. That's the right answer. By the way, you see the one. The one you least suspect, that's going to be the anti-Christ. That works. But what's, which is the voice mail where she's, oh, here it is. The anti-Christ. I don't know. My name is Taxio. Question. My name is talking to your program. On the, on when the Miami, the date was the scene. And I don't like to know if just some kind of anti-Christ or something. Just not my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool. And he also wants to just as ladies and men, but listed on now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is anti-Christ channel. Please, I'm really concerned. And I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't be stopping to be water. Because you know you turn my coming to a bag, and you made my son. You're the anti-Christ. And have a nice day. Have a nice day. This is weird. Kind of, I can't find a way. Get that with my sheen mind. I can't stop saying that. It's like, I'm just being like walking around outside. It's like, oh my sheen mind. I just, it's just in my mind. I can't stop saying what I'm sitting on the throne. It's like, oh my sheen mind. You know, I can't stop saying what I'm sitting on the throne. It's like, oh my sheen mind. You know, I can't stop saying what I'm sitting on the throne. It's like, oh my sheen mind. Then I stepped on a fly. I'm still freaked out by the horse fly. I just never thought I'd seen insect in here. Not good. Road up on the day, elevator. Just with the side of this. How big are you, part? Spiders. Spiders. Your hand spiders of the old nose in the Amsterdam. And that really nasty Cobb web the basement. They're all man. Talk about uninhabitable. But speaking the beating curtain and Amsterdam, you know, a lot of you people, you need a quick trip over there to some civilized place where photography isn't like some big issue, okay? It's everywhere. It's commonplace. There are all these tours. People teachers take a little kids to the red light district. They see the hookers in the windows. They see all the the little those. And nobody gives a graph. It's not a big deal. But America is so, I keep talking about the British being conspitted America is so repressed, so repressed. They wanted to do what they wanted to do. They want everything. And meantime, I all know can do it. If it's not the church. If it's not the president. If it's not the one of these right wing lunatic groups. It's who knows what it is. Can do it. You've got to burn a hell. TV's got a new schedule. Yours. On the man is an exciting new feature. That's been added to Comcast Digital cable. And you can try today for only 29.99 a month or three months. Comcast on demand puts TV on your terms. Now you're able to choose from a library of shows with over 3,000 hours of free movies. TV shows kid shows sports and special interest programs from a variety of TV shows and a lecture charged to a huge library of movies for what you used to pay for to the video store. Comcast on demand will change the way you watch TV forever. Plus you can start them whenever you like. Whether it's 9.17 in the morning, 11.23 at night, anytime and between. Plus with HBO on demand, you'll have an entire library of programming of HBO original series and movies Reddit your fingertips. All this free with your subscription to HBO. And don't forget about control. With on demand, you can start. Stop. Pause rewind the fast forward programs using your remote control. If you only have basic cable over the issue, we're missing out. So make the move to Comcast Digital cable with the power of on demand. Call 9.5 for Comcast or 305 Comcasts. So 5 Comcasts today we've come to a digital cable and HBO for just 29.99 a month or 3 months. Service distance apply call for details. Again in date call for your 5 Comcast and Broward 9.5 full Comcast. What kind of switch is this? It's a good switch. You're my choose to watch my choose. What should you watch? What should you watch? What should you watch? I'm so you're so big. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're your choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're not my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. I'm your choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my chosen. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my chosen. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're my choose. You're your choose. The fighting stars they night Who's sexy, hot and bold? Too bad she likes her foe There's no doubt that she's going And don't dare go The bitchel is satiated and show Oh no! I love Juni Chen I can't wait to see her body clear I love Juni Chen I'm falling in a black and sad man I'm not 40 yet a few I'm not so what do we get one or two people It's said that they watched the World of Cognitive Bush and it was like two We got two, we got a pair That's it, it's been up there for a week We got two people watching And I beg that I've paid and I'd be seatsect I promised you would be two of the most informative hours You ever watched two of the most meaningful And they won't do it You can leave a horse to water But you can't make them drop a big one, you know it And that's the problem They just don't give a crap Where's the naked pictures? We're gonna have a sometimes that's 600 They Josh, we might just not even get there Right, right, I said We got 540 now Nothing, they just, like all of a sudden Our website has developed leprosy You know what I mean? Ooh, look at this, unclean, right Unclean As opposed to the fact that it's too clean That's the problem but we can do about that We can't change the law We can't say fart sounds We can't do this, we can't No matter what you want it, we can't, can't How about playing some funny bits, can't? Okay, see you do the best you can Can't Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha So my Alabama There's a good old place for good old boys Tell my Alabama Work as a move furniture Removing furniture from the home of a deceased L.B. woman got a shock when they spotted An active hand grenades stuck in the bottom of the couch Okay The FBI, ATF, a Montgomery Police Bonsbud Recall the scene after the bomb is discovered last Thursday They used a robot armed with a camera from about 50 yards away from the grenade Some police used Jimmy Martin said The robot successfully ripped open the back of the couch But couldn't secure the grenade Martin said the camera on the robot couldn't discern Whether the pin was in or out Remember the bomb's club was then said the house and found the pin still in the grenade Martin said police believed the grenade had been there for some time It was secured and taken away Montgomery bunker Where officials planted a sposyman Police are investigating how the grenade got into the other room The grenade got into the other room The grenade had laid these couch Martin said the woman had a military veteran son who is also deceased But couldn't say whether the next plane had been in can be in the house There you go Looking did drop in Sally's couch What's that? Let's see Here's a facts from Cricut Chris who says I've searched in search for photos of the people It were rack offering me where strip flowers in candy Haven't any look? You're just not looking in the right place Chris Since the new photos are rolling rollout on the B.D. curtain You post those images on the side I'm sure jurors will know where to find them Right, yeah, you'll see those just on the same day See the naked pictures we turn on the B.D. curtain right Tell me the Q.A.M. Hello Hey You know you know who the anti-crisis really Unfortunately the average person in the public does not know that But it's the man who sucked the light out of the paint Of the best radio station To stay brought to see any cry I agree with that He's a woman in your list because the public does that Who he is but he is the anti-crisis Amen And there's a guy that obviously worked for two channels And got screwed over being on the board That's what they say You see the radio business doesn't really exist anymore It's just they play toy for a bunch of multi-million Million multi-billion dollar companies And it's like a checkerboard and one goes over here One goes over there And this one spins off and business spins off ABC and all the other crap It's not a business anymore It's just all about dollars and cents It's like everything else in America today And in most of the world And that's all it is It's not about talent, it's not about entertainment It's not about you know And it used to be about sea town Entertainment in order to make the money Now we know we're just in two people We're going to make the money Just give us the money like that Science says in a while Just give us the F and money I mean radio used to be a blast Used to be something Yeah And now it's a different kind of blast Like that kind of blast Like the old blast in the ball That was such a light Let me tell you Can't tell you, QAN hello Yeah, I know this is Springfield I have three things to discuss Springfield, NAS Delay No, that's my nickname Springfield Three things to tell you What do you mean that's your nickname What does that mean? That's my handle I want to be a shock shock And that's my answer That's a shock shock You're a little late, paly Okay, well, you don't have three things I have to compliment your boss stuff Lindsey He did an excellent job when he promised He promised you James Also, the cabinet that's what we heard Also, you missed the bird When missed the bird Yeah, because I remember seeing like News clips of you and the bird splitting up It was really, you know, kind of say it What are you are? You are really living in the past I remember talking to Ristringfield myself And only in the past He said he had three Well, two and two men I'm in closure of that call No, sorry Yeah, but you do closure money WQAM hello Yes Yes Yes, yes Yeah Yes, yes Did you happen to catch in a hurl? So your buddy Mr. He goes in there About one Right on the front page There's a video that he was circulating Among schools with Barney and Spunchbob And whatever And this guy's gonna Spunchbob, yeah, I said Fudgebob No, I don't know the difference Actually, but just a way Mr. He goes on this diversity committee Oh, yeah, right Well, what are you gonna do? Well, I'm gonna stick to his perversity committee We all like to better when he was on that one Amen, amen Great cognitive Okay, thanks Mr. Eagle But there's a guy in search of an audience In search of a life But not even like I said he's got a right out of few bucks Here and here and do those 85 You know they knew knows guy And the new penis guy and the new knee Kept guy and the new uh Rectomy That guy too, you know all the body parts And it's amazing You got a piece together We're living in piece together A body Steve WQAM hello Hello, Newo His life just hasn't been the same since they closed on that restaurant Over there What was the restaurant here at Burton Jax? Yes sir Hey, I spent about a month He came to City last weekend That's not a bad house Yeah You know and I just see Misery or Kansas The real one I'm Missouri Oh, I see Missouri Deep and town, deep and town Very good Yeah I bet you think I could stay houses there, eh Great great food, good music and the people are nice Which is a nice, which is a nice, really refreshing to be where the people are nice I'll tell you Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Can I give our shout out to Mark O'Weele? Hello Can't do it, see you, Kelly 560560 The pound five sixty The Verizon singular wireless line man I'm telling you this summer schedule, I'm thinking permanent The rest of my life, what do you say? All right, we've worked about another year Huh? All the free lunches we can eat Man, what do you eat now? I bet you it's how he's No, it's Tony's Brand Then I mentioned Brand this morning That's what you did See we like Brand a lot, okay Brand doesn't play games He doesn't sit around with us He doesn't get on his Roar or coastory emotional Run He just, you know, when we want to fool, we give a little plug And he brings us the great food It's consistent, it's always good You don't have to run of the toilet It's great You know what I mean? Yeah, we're dance-ribbling, you know Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck Now why not go do that pull on Thursday Because then it's see that's an inside thing We thought there would be mo and everybody in the building Right But I'm thinking myself my answer to that The two people in the building that he just had the Poison right at his moment the most Would be mo and y'all the Okay And it's kind of ironic that they're following each other side by each Remember when we had Joe Rose on the station back in the day When we were at last spring when we were doing great Everything was fine till they broke it Mo was on from five to eight back then And then Joe was on eight to ten And when they, most of the time They would like Joe would stay out of the studio until mo left Remember that? That's right They wouldn't speak to each other So one of us could have an interview It would be like a fly and a loss where you won't be there for When we get a spyre for what's going to happen in four When mo Hands the ball over to go to They will do a little crossover Yeah, I can't wait here at the table then Grants pass our gun to prove his love a 38 year old man Set himself on fire before getting down on one He and asking his girlfriend to marry him And it's actually a photo over here Did we put this story on a website or not? Is it from today's stories? No Then it's up there Well I might not have A lot of these goofball stories I don't put on there We like to put the real intellectual stuff on there for our Advanced intellectual audience But old people that watched our little equipment If I could tell you how devastating I am I mean that's a strong word but exactly So devastating that nobody watched that It's what's the use? I'm not going to do one thing Whenever I'm from a scene on their light light Again like that Right? Or we'll label it a little differently Yeah, well we'll say here's a bunch of naked pictures About a hundred people gathered in To watch Todd Granis perform the flaming stun On Monday which involved wearing your cleaf soaked in gasoline Grannis kind of a ten foot scaffold was set on fire Then funds in the swimming pool Dousing the blaze I wonder if he came out Amen Emerging on scale to got down on one knee And proposes a friend's nearby Situ, a subdomly engagement He set the two of the engagement ring too Honey, you make me hot, you told us we are at most of the cue Coup, I hope I'm getting that point across you That I'm on fire for you This is the one thing that I've been doing I've been doing this for a year But that's because it was a little angry Because it was a danger And first I was mad because I thought he's not a stuntman She said then of course the tears started flowing Of course I said yes I was so thrilled Oh yeah, just brings it here to my eye And the director, he's really got so Suppose when you're five six She's way up So this is an ad It's not a tomb It's the one to two eye There can also broadcast the use of the way of sub god To be able to serve you We asked for you one person And there's no clue where to hear in place of Christ's healing hour story Do you understand? I like to understand I will gossip No way, I'm not to worry about them anymore It's for a whole lot of lube right So yeah, it's right to sleep delicious to me I want a new Christ's healer fellow And name that ram with barn and green blood No matter how many people are there There's a special place for you, cleatus Bible says so How much pork? Can't have sports all they talk about is men I've seen a man get lee with another man Raking it goes for fame Can't have no man to name Concecut all the same You have seen it going on I know what I think Richard Irner Hogan Yes Every you put on Your little daughter will be safe I'll be safe Hey, check out my washboard too Let's go on the radio You're a jack car man And we remember if you don't like what you have on your channel They're always sick You're a good lady, you're a good lady You're a good lady, you're a good lady You're a good lady, you're a good lady You're a jack car man, and we remember If you don't like what you have on your channel They're always sick You're a jack car Good lady, you're a good lady Thanks to the guy that called it about David Ross And people who don't forget he could be the Andy Christ Right How many people is he standing up back? How many lives has he destroyed? About a million times At least And that's his year 574 votes on our poll today And we'll make our six covered Right, do you think? Yes That's right Jamaica Vermont In my life I never knew there was a Jamaica Vermont I wonder if they have a good machine there, you think? A search is on for a Hungarian speaking perifete That has skipped its owner's summer home last week Pituka is a four year old blue perifete It owner Paral Mazofi of Queens, New York Pizza That's exactly it, that's the one It was a hot day and we were sitting on the porch My mom opened the door to go inside He flew out, she said we tried to lure him back in And we stayed up all night but he didn't come back We cried for a few days I don't think we'll find a nameless for you lucky Mazofi in her husband Lazio Lazio, I'm sorry, said the small blue white and grey bird whose name is the Hungarian equivalent of Steve Wasn't valuable but was important to the family It's been heartbreaking for us He was like a member of our family, Lazio and Mazofi said He said it's 86 year old mother-in-law Anna Bowen would sit and talk to the bird Or native tongue for hours Bowen loved the bird a great deal And was that just asked about to I missed the bird Remember that? Right, maybe that one She talks to him all day long We can hear her down there She's teaching him Hungarian words and phrases He's not really a bird to her She's a little person in part of our family In fact my grandmother had a bird in my uncle Both of whom of course are longs instead My uncle taught the bird to separate to say Mazofi's sister is a son of a bitch Mazofi's sister is a sister Mazofi's sister is a sister Mazofi's sister is a sister And the other woman's mother is a woman She's a sister of a woman who is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister And the other woman's mother is a sister Hello? Yes sir? Yes sir? Is that a culture on the list? Hmm, she or media person really? Yes, she is okay, let's get around here Yeah, because I mean I can't really hate that bitch man Every time she's on the beach She's trying to get her point across She doesn't listen to anybody's existence And she's talking about that's the worst part of her She's spouse all this misinformation And just the adamant militant nasty right wing bitch Exactly and everything she says is wrong She's a stupid headbie, she's just dead a smoking pot And you know raising some freaking pinbread That's the shit she's talking about She's not raising anybody, believe me She can't see what's the way she's doing it Okay, that's a lot of belly, put her on her ankle over I think she's hanging it up a little Matt, they're feral They're really tight Five six, seriously And in a whole time I've been on the archer Think of no time ever Put anything on our website Or say anything on there that got there's little response And I just, I don't know If you watch that thing three or four more times And even though I know all of that stuff now Including the stuff about Prescott Bush It just, it just makes your blood boil Or here's the line that the saying is Directing a response Two of this story You can talk to the RNC about what they put up On a thin speak And Roland Scott McCall I'm a little bit about her all the time But he's pretty good about the same class So in the chamber of green asshole First offering fully with that investigation That means Supporting the efforts by the investigators To come to a successful conclusion And that means not coming in on it from this podium And I understand your question And other Republicans surrogates are essentially saying That the conversation will ask for two minutes And the subject was ostensibly Well-forgured They're getting that information from here To call up And again, you're asking these questions That are related to judiciary reports About an ongoing continuing investigation And you've had my response And I'm a bit afraid of that So I'm very least so stocked You say whether or not you stand by your statement And it's the first 29th 2003 That is simply not true The parl-road Displodes the identity of the CIA Or the John Tim stand by that statement John I'm looking forward to talking about this At some point To sound the appropriate time We're talking about those questions While the investigation is continuing That is the question Yes, for no New is a scorn This is a statement you made Well, once again You're very confidently Just certainty to us And the American people To grow Told you If it's a T.H. nothing to do with Can you stand by that statement now Let's now respond to these questions yesterday Go ahead, Diffy Why the president shows today Two pre-critical A practice of taking two questions from the American side That is as good as one We don't know what to take anymore You just don't last Friday I think we've promised a birthday They did the same thing So thank you question The first year is what I'm wondering that last week The prime editor learned this You should If he had Was it out of the scene If he had responded to a question today By Carl Roe, we could have gone beyond Your stance here at this time So if you've never thought of a community's asking questions He takes questions on a fairly regular basis Let me come on in just here Would you get a few moments ago And step back from the context that the investigation To the president's agenda That's Carl Roe with all the attention being paid for I've become a liability to the president And the pediments of his pushing has been done The rest of all these concepts And all these questions in the context of the news reports We're going to realize the sense of Robing the deputy to see where the things we've been for And the agenda And the agenda We're on the verge of accomplishing some very big things When it comes to the agenda And with all the attention Distracting from the staff that pushed on your agenda Everybody who was working here is helping us to advance the agenda And that includes Carl and a very big way I can't follow a guy too For telling you he has not involved I'm not going to do anything in my opinion Private discussion He puts you on the spot He puts your credibility on the line And how I appreciate you all Wanting to be forward and find the facts Relating to this investigation I want to know all the facts related to the investigation Put it on your left The president wants to get to the bottom of the way And it's just not appropriate If you remember Back two years ago Or almost two years ago I did draw a line And I said We're just not going to get into the comment Comment We're just not going to get into the comment And investigation The continues And I think you've heard me Explain why I'm not going to do that I do want to talk about this Scott, do you want to talk about this And we will talk about it Once the investigation is complete You're right We said it's 2003 You're a great figure yourself so far out on a limb We did it on the head You're actually trying to come back See if I see anything I'm just trying to see This is great To be a find me is growing up here Oh, I don't think like that You know what this is? This is the beginning of the end Hopefully it's just the beginning Because just firing him This is the beginning of the end I see I'm holding my watches It unravels You'll see it Anyway And even though by the bottom and go through this Could you always not be an answer to the question? Of course But it is nice seeing him in the square And I mean he'd like to just Just attacking him It's great The third of his character I'm going to start to loosen Scott McFellon there Once again It's forming Really getting a brush I'm getting pummeled What's there at the back of It's a 12 at a half to one at five 60 WKM speaking of actor Mom and I don't know If you just have no end then you'll be in And all that other stuff If you find yourself looking in the mirror And wondering what that big ball's about All about Here's the answer Means your hair is on the floor Down the drain in the sink Where but how it's gone And of course it makes you look older And that's so great But Chuck Alphair has been helping The famous in Afsofembers Look to best rover 30 long Not turning me Amazing years With his best in the world Skinlight care system It is 100% Possitively Un-detectable What's like the real thing Like here's real not your scalp And Charlie's work is guaranteed Nothing was but that shiny ugly balls But because all you have to do is try Charlie's system for 30 days Not 30 minutes And after a month If you don't love the way it looks in the fields If you're not getting laid like 15 20, 30 times a day Returned for a full refund Make the call today Tool free 1,800, 3,21,2413 And tell Charlie you heard about it Here I'm in your yard You showed to get your summer special QAM 200 hour This cut off the regular 800 dollar price Of the natural hairline system Tell that you heard it on the viewer Why I'm sure that press transferred To a little bit you call Speaking of ball spot The secret to a great hear system Make sure nobody knows you're wearing one And Charlie's skinlight care system is as natural as it gets Like a wheel head ahead of here So forget about the muskrads and those dangerous pills Call tool free today For the Charles offiary Harris studio 1,800, 3,21,2413 1,800, 3,21,2413 Run the wicked way with Charles Alfieri.com It's my company's horse Together with my daughter 2,600,800 And I </ paid for the november 5 years March Jon Boom Yeah 1,800 Are ni dpletty 1,800, 3,23,charge I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I'm gonna grab it. I don't think that's enough. If it's still there, it's bad. I don't think that's enough. I don't think that's enough. I don't think that's enough. She knew I'd make the ball fit flat That that thing could show her now Who was the artist? I'm not the cow Who won the cow Who won the cow Who won the cow That's not the cow Who won the cow Who won the cow Who won the cow Who won the cow Well, 18 is five, 60 WCM happy Tuesday too We made our six hundred So two piece of cake, you know, John? Yeah Yeah I'll fight full off a log I guess I Well, the 12th of July man is nobody around How's the traffic? The whole town lead up with St.us Morning, the traffic was like a nightmare There are all these wrenks On the norm, usually down here Yeah, but I'm saying, don't be way hit on us Hey, he fell So work Wow That may have been the longest pause A study released today says drivers who use cell phones Even hands-free models are four times It's likely to be involved in wrenks involving a serious injury Then drivers who do not use cell phones Don't pay any attention to that Okay, call our shows all day long I'm QAM, whether you're a paying attention Right, not even if you have to use your bowtimes That's right Because it's a lot more important calling QAM And keeping our shows on here than driving safely There was no safety benefit Plot so ever from using a hands-free phone Said, and McCart, one of the office of the study Which is published in a British medical year And one paid for by the insurance institute for highway safety Researchers for the institute Compared information on 4506 crashes with driver cell phone records And interview the crash where we can surely after they were treated in hospital emergency rooms Our findings indicate that laws that still allowed driver to use hands-free devices Will not eliminate the crash risk of phone use Said McCart In fact, it extended drivers perceived that hand-free phone use is safer In some sense, these laws could have a detrimental effect of drivers increase They're use of hands-free phone use Remember that was the thing, you know? That was a big deal And all it's going to be a lot safer if you use the hands-free and just have that head-suit on Yeah, then you crash a car while you're dialing But of course the point about whole thing is that as you load this people that are on the phone In the car, regardless of hands-free or not, they're not paying any attention Right, they're in and they're in broad and in middle of a conversation It's like two old collures, two alticoccus that are in the front seat Arguingly together, and they're just circulating And the arms are flailing and of course they're a little more no attention Which I guess is not that dangerous because it will only go in about 50 miles an hour in the left hand lane They'll kill you just the same Oh yeah Connecticut should conquer the latest low-cals to ban cell phone use while driving unless it's hands-free In the study neither gender or age affected the risk The study was conducted in Perth, Australia, which ban's driving while using cell phones that are not hands-free And then we find out it don't make no difference But don't pay any attention to it, okay? Just dial us up 24-7, round a clock, QAM 5-6-705-60 Pound 5-6 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines and basically corporation has nothing to do with you Like blow up a bunch of people by off the road. We have nothing to do with it, okay? Those are the slamer To hold a bunch of old-farts crossing the hall and the old beach blow-bard You're on an important hot call In fact it's double bonus points too, man That's right That's what I heard Why? WQAM hello Yes sir Since you've cut that for the summer I've been trying to listen around with dialing So the first time I heard how Frank and And all I could think about was that recording you have of him is everything to a T I was on the floor lap and Listening to this guy live on the radio and it's like that's got to be meals recording And Secondly You'll never have two play by play in ounces like Johnny most in Fred Kies that cover it Oh, you can say that again man, it would great Have a great day And you too Hey speaking of a Franken Oh, Franken Oh, Franken Almost exciting child ever It may be no There's no condescending yes to the Lord Including Glovers you've never heard before And of course there's my side kid I can't really shiver She may look like a dumb person He's out of the cookie kid And smarter that you know I heard too To participate Open On the same show And Fascinating Future I Stop Oh, man Then I'll Franken he's the best But see there are a lot of people who are in broadcasters pretending to be broadcasters now That's all when this guy mentioned Johnny most in Fred Kiesick They were great broadcasters They weren't extrax They were broadcasters man They were craft It was an art They were sensational They made the game stimulating exciting And we got dorgs on here That's another reason if the sports has become so dull Because there are dorgs that broadcasting it I don't want mention names Dave Oh sorry Josh Well that's how right there on the road anyway They're all for the old star game Let's see who else they got done 12 play Anybody else from the Marlins in the old city Paul the Duke or Luis Castillo Right in part the anti Toronto there is that with the problem is It's a lot of good first baseman I see I have no interest I will not watch any of that stuff I could care less All I will say this much at least it's a little more meaningful than the NHL all started A little bit of nature out by the way He mentioned hockey again The only it for the staff to know he's going to be all whipped up customer again Supposedly to the where he gets so sick and tired of it's supposed to be the day I'll get it over with already I will get it over with you See if he's going to learn your lesson yet Man Life even here in Toronto man Life is tall and right ahead Whether without the maple leaves the maple leaves the any of the stuff life is moving right on You know Anyway, here is from our friend Will At least this makes in this last hour makes me feel like there's a hope Okay, here's number three is this number three now World according to Bush Hey, we're building our intellectuals out there one person at a time You don't have to be an intellectual to watch a documentary people are always calm as well. Oh, do you see this on PBS? Look at all PBS is is crap especially now that the right wingers have been put in charge of it Hmm Have you ever seen a documentary on PBS as probing and as good as the one this one? No, not even close They don't pull any punches man They got people on their telling the truth and then they put the other side on there as well But it's going to be fair and balanced because they showed the other side talked for the liars that they are Anyway, Will says I watched the documentary. Thank you for putting it on your side. It seemed very familiar to Furn9-11 Namely preaching into the choir that already does not trust or appreciate the president Paul O'Neill And by the way, the way that they're trying to discredit Joe Wilson now with a Valerie Plain business You'll notice they did the same with everybody Hans Blix Scott Right Paul O'Neill Richard Clark everybody that out of them for the bunch of lying bastards that they are the by lying bunch of murderers that they are We have to discredit them we have to find somebody to smear the this is worse than Nixon. This is Nixon times a hundred by the way You've looked out that war coward next to Cleveland. Oh, yeah, right. That's right. That per plegete max Cleveland That they smeared and smeared right just unmeccable. That other war hero John Kerry right All what all those middle gen. Oh, he right He was over there risking his life in saving lives while we had a bunch of draft orders including your president and vice president Anyway, he says the current situation reminds me of the rent contract scandal. If you six not long after the landslide by the great communicator Ronald Ronnie Ray gun I would prefer documentary that's exist actions for citizens in so otherwise Will is knocking it now. He would prefer a document with that suggests actions for citizens Inferencing the information for citizens interested in improving democracy in the air. You see the interesting part of this is will that it came out originally to first time back on October before the election So if it were an air in America that would have been the key the America would have had a chance to do something about as a name lay both these lying bastards out. That's a good one If it would have aired. Yeah Then he says alternatively the lesser is approached to criticism like John Stuart and more and voting for Colabine in the awful truth since the president seems in Wisconsin We're gonna have more years welcome. We do but find some way to make a difference and let's keep from crying It also says both the ill and George will enjoy the 2000 movie crash is outstanding that the old 1995 James Spader Holly Hunter movie crash the 2000 time movie See it no By the way, don't go see the war the world Tonight Because Stephen Spielberg needs mental help and Tom Cruise is just out of control. He's cruising. He's not cruising. He's spinning. You're fair out of control Tommy Put it away Tommy people are starting to wonder what that is 27 after one at five 60 WQM for years have been telling about my good friends and dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company in the universe But did you know that dry concepts can also save you hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas too Red concepts specialize in draper cleaning a poster leather furniture restoration Macrist cleaning Oriental cleaning and repair pet odor treatments and water damage Red concepts can also clean restore your talent grow quickly and efficiently Red concepts professional staff is always improving to serve you their customers with the most advanced cleaning systems on the the sun and During this month during the month in July It's dry concepts summer sizzler seal Take advantage of fantastic savings and all the dry concepts services from corporate cleaning to talent grappling everything else It's the only place to call I've been using in my home for over 20 years and using the first time You'd never dream of calling anybody else and don't forget no rip off no scans They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job and they brought in a palm reaches call them toll free 1-800-248-5-7-1 That's 1-800-248-5-7-1 around the wicked way of long on to dry concepts dot com Oh What is it? 133-27-02 so Scott McCall on the White House says but it would put it like that over and over again, but it would I mean you you know you're wonderful a second well, but the point in the sex size But then you start you know rubbing your hands together and saying, oh, was this great? Yeah, exactly man. This is a wonderful seeing him squirm and all lies just come out of the top All the scum coming to the surface man Like taking a big pot of chicken soup and putting it into refrigerator for night and then Opening up that fridge in a morning and seeing all the scum on top of the bowl Here's a thanks from Frank and Melbourne Why the surprise the W.D. administration is worse than Nixon? I'm not surprised. I'm just telling you it's a Zigian times worse than especially the way that's occurring it out. Oops Carl Robe used to work for Donald Sigretty the Nixon dirty trickster Donald once had referred to Robe as one of his rat efforts guess you can't teach an old rule of new tricks He's one of the most evil people in the world. Robe is a question about that evil genius and anybody who really believed that Bush won either The 2002-4000 for election. I've got some really valuable territory in the Everglades to say, okay? I got about 85 acres of really choice of property Redeminal a Gatorland a speaker of the Gators how they doing now that that FSU quarterbacks got lime disease And probably hang it on the glazed you know You think possibly the guy who just find you know find your ticks even would say tropical paradise that was that was the term for Gitmo That the wolf looks you said a tropical paradise Once animal so if anybody like to be put in orange jumpsuit and carcer made it because they let's replace checkers if you're on good behavior And even like I had a huh and you get your own concrete slab Sorry by the length fence a little bit of shuffleboard action air. What's wrong with that? What's not to like your own paramed and they slightly flush current right? Exactly that they had dried out for you like the like laundry on a rope Virginia teen and nudist law challenge reinstated A federal appeals court as we instated it will also challenging a 2004 Virginia law requiring parental supervision at a nudist camp for juveniles A three judge panel of a 40-by-circuit of appeals rule the American Association for nude recreation can pursue its claim that the law violates its free speech rights free speech what's that? Cripping its ability to spread its nudism philosophy Your organization claims and had to cancel last summer's camp because only 11 of the 35 youths who signed up would have been able to bring a parent Our regulation that reduces the signs of a speaker's audience can constitute an invasion of a legally protected interest There's William B. Tracler Jr. wrote in the unanimous ruling a lower court judge ruled my dog is the lawsuit was moot because organizations of the camp at white tail park haha a lot of white tail running around there surrender their permanent after the state law took effect Emily Lucier spoke from the Virginia Attorney General's office and prosecuted his or does it put it but we respect the would and trial said Emily The 2003 summer nudist camp for children in 11 through 17 was the first in Virginia and only the third in the country corn was phosphorus So you've only probably knew this, Gams, in case you haven't already noticed, like Nudus beaches, is that the people who hang out at them are always ugly, ugly, see your mission, the point. I'm not sure. It's not for perian interest. It's to be perian, commute with nature. Or, it's for high sayings. I'm just saying, so they ain't, but you might have perian, like all those best broads out there who are missing our Abidu Curtain, so bad, like, I'm going to tell you something seriously. That to me was like a personal slap in the face, all of these eight menus, we were working our ass off, and you guys were working real hard to find those pictures. And I look at these stats down and nothing to make me want to like just like that, and we're doing a crap, making a cry. Like, what are we, why do we even bond with this website except the course Josh should be questionable and broke if we just stop doing it? Yeah. Stories are big. Yeah, if they ever get on there. Yeah. They'll be up there later today. Yeah. So you got to take your laptop when you go spend the night at your friend's houses. Oh, is that what that was all about? I just make it stuff up. Well, I think he's making stuff up, okay? Because I first had started out that we, oh, there's a proper old storm Emily by the way. So if you enjoyed Dennis, that was a blast. I've taken one thing boy, I was just going to have some luck. If that thing would have been what? 100 miles to the east. Right. We got a pretty bad as it was just with all the branch and that's what I hear. Haven't had a drop right here in five weeks. Maybe you could ship some up here. Okay, we got a drought. A every day's like 93 95 90 or whatever. One or two. So we could use a little bit of that rain a little bit of that moisture. So there's the, oh, oh, there's the on that. We'll have to wait and see what happened. It's really too early to tell to know exactly where Emily is going. But I would certainly be on a word if you live along the ghost golf coast or on the Atlantic coast. We really need to keep it. The ghost man is already going to 50 miles an hour and by the time it gets to Cuba again, see God has really peeled a Cuba. He is so pissed off of Penel, you know? God will spaston. He always pissed off because Sodom is smoking him Cuban cigars. Did you read about that? No. We had that stir on our website. Do you better start reading our website? I mean, why should you read the one? Exactly. Florida, Attorney General Charlie Chris, too far. Now you think Florida's ready for a governor? Sure, one of them. See, I don't know why he's running because once the word we really get side about that, I think that all of them Yahoo's in like upstate in the pan of hell and all over the state. And that's another reason that to the pan of hell got hit. God is really, he's headed. He's headed with them that entry crowd that drifted down to like Pensacola and that whole area of the Tallahassee. His PO did governor fat ass jab. Throw all that caring on with poor Mike, uh, what was Shival? Anyway, Charlie Chris reported his campaign for governor race $3.8 million in the quarter ending June 30th. In what is already shaping up as easily the most expensive race in a history of the state of Florida. Chris benefited from a fundraiser hosted by a billionaire developer Donald Trump in New York last month, as well as a May fundraiser in Tampa, then headed 1.1 million. No figures were available Wednesday, and the New York effort Chris campaign official said it's last Wednesday. What is all? Suncendals just put in the South now it's all. His primary rival in Republican contest chief financial officer Tom Gallagher reported last week he'd race 3 million. And on the Democratic side, a US representative Jim Davis campaign reported Tuesday, raising 3 to 90,000 in the last quarter, he's now raised more than 800,000 since the beginning of his question for the nomination in February. And a lot of other names of people I know that he ever heard of before. I don't know. Democratic Party, I think he's going out of business. I think he only, huh? Going out of business. I think the only thing I was going to say that I'm a kind of mind's me of us and that the ticket said the 90 thing, you know? I've heard that we're doing so great, but it's that they're doing so bad. That's what it's contested. Yeah, to see who can like, you know, reach total media equity first, total net to do it worth. And that thing with Jimmy Syphalus, man, that's enough to make me just, to lose it. What it comes to when you take it. But if you lose my tears, you lose my tears. What would you have lost? What would you have lost? Where are the exploding balls? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Jamie said, right off of this, ladies. He's got a technical issue with him. Why is he letting it work out in two clubs? Two little table headed, fighting down and taking his phone up all the crew is in. Why? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? And they told it, these misflopper, three times. He said, that the title of the event. Because you've made the worst fucking puzzle gas, you'll throw it up again, up again, up again. What should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Who should they saw in the garden? Did anyone see you? Doesn't adder with some low ego pentastic leg. There should always be some leaves in it. Make sure everyone is in contact with them.arnya has the answer. The answer. Arrest. have waited in her this story. Rome, to help priest to battle growing interest in Satanism, of Vatican-Returnized University in Rome, is offering a follow-up to a course on exorcism given earlier this year. The Father of Christ, your Pantyro! Political Academy, where John Alpastolo, our new course, would start some October, will explore biblical theological historical and legal aspects of Satanism. The Father of Christ, your Pantyro! Exorcist will give the last lesson in February. The Father of Christ, compels you! The University said fascination with Satanism is on the upswing, and priest needs solid preparation for it. The Father of Christ, compels you! I was the most of the priest need preparation for their welcome. The University run by conservative legionaries of Christ, said recent crams related to Satanism, sure its a problem that's often underestimated. The Father of Christ, compels you! When the first course began, Italy was gripped by the ritual satanic deaths of three people including a 19-year-old allegedly stabbed at it because her killers believed that she first notified the Virgin Mary. Two rock band members were later convicted of murder. Police have also discovered sites outside Rome where they say Satan is told, black masses. The Father of Christ compels you! Black women then saw him? The Father of Christ, the Father of Christ, compels you! The Father of Christ, compels you! Oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah! Courses in Satanism and Exorcism. Now we're talking about that. That's what we need to QA and Man. I heard Satanism was responsible for all those as many crimes as Catholic priests. Not quite though. And not as expensive. Six miles south Carolina. I know you're really fondest out Carolina, not. Not. Other who would hate putting it out there. A recent fishing trip needed a new pet for a South Carolina family? Cerics read in two young family members were fishing at heartwell late. This is off six miles south Carolina. Recently when they hooked a 50-pound flathead catfish, I saw it. You saw what? The catfish. Oh, they showed on TV? I saw our picture. Instead of a trip to the east, still at the family decided to keep the prehistoric working fish and a huge decorative pond. You know, well, I'll see. I'm so fond of my drought. We're not probably shouldn't start a conversation about this. But can't fish, of course, our bottom feeders as we all know. That is correct. And we know what they eat on the bottom. And the same with pigs. Yeah. So those of us who are into drought worse, they're pork sausage and stuff like that. Just don't think about it. Okay, it'll make it taste a lot better. Trippin' lobster. Awesome. Wow. We were catching little ones in the bit one and nothing in between. We said the fish now swims in exotic surroundings. They include pond for almost as exotic in tropical isgontonomol. But not quite. That include pond trees. The water follows swimming pool, containing more than 20, 100 gallons of water. We'd like to get rid of the fish as ugly but it can stay. And of course, we've seen the husband too. So as far as died, parents return to feed the fish dog food. Dog food. Yes. Well, I guess it'll eat that other stuff. We'll probably love dog food. He also has some concerns about how well it will get along with other pets, dogs, cats, and a goat that enjoy playing in the sand and plants around in the pond. I'm afraid if it gets too big, what might have them a cat's reach out. Fifty pounds. How big would that be? Pretty damn big. How about this bigger up here? Wow, big or fifth. Speaking of cats, I just don't get these people out. I've always said that the cat people are the crazy people. Although, there are dog people do the same kind of crap. We have those stories all the time. Fair facts for Virginia. You know, it's all these weird stories come from the mouth of the South. Hi, you. Yeah, from the in-bred South. Animal control officers have removed 187 cats from a house in Mount Vernon, Virginia. Fifty nine cats in one dog from a home in Falls, church, authorities said yesterday. In the Mount Vernon case, police went on a home to a home on Luggate Drive to find Ruth Knoobin, 82, living inside, with 187 cats. Officers said the dead bodies of 86 war cats were left in trash bins outside. So, let's see, 86 is the money 87 is what? Two, 70, three. Okay. Most of the surviving cats were sent from an animal shelter, but animal control officers said they have to go back and get some cats. They're still living in the walls and in the chimney. No, in the walls. I guess you don't have too much company, huh? There would be, maybe she has too much company. In the other case, office has found 59 cats and a dog and a house on Hillsborough Drive in Falls, church, June 27. The bodies of 29 dead cats were also found on the property. Where authorities said Jane Bolvinger 50 lived, animal control officers took this surviving cats and dog into their custody. In both cases, apparently John Wayne Gacy thing. In both cases, neighbors complained their foul stenches surrounding the buildings. Both women have been charged with their duty care for animals. Both homes have been condemned and officials were helping women find temporary housing. See, the thing was John Wayne Gacy. I find a little bit difficult to understand. He had a wife, you know. And I guess he didn't notice the aroma. Maybe he just smelled that. That's what he didn't notice the difference. That could be. All those bodies kind of rotting under the porch, stuff like that. Or you know what I said? A lot of people have stink. You'll love this story. Here's one of my all-time favorites, especially on the Hills of those three kids that suffocated inside the trunk of that car. Well, I guess, now this is in McLean, Virginia. I guess it kind of like time to the scene, this lady's mind. A mother's been charged with felony child abuse in child cruelty. After she allegedly forced two of her children to take turns riding in the truck of a car on an eight-hour drive from Alabama to Virginia. So, Drew's daughter, if it takes turns. Cheryl Anne's schoolmaker, 36, fourth to two girls ages eight and ten to take turns in the trunk of life first, because there just wasn't an efferumen car according to Curtis Schoolmaker for ex-husband. The woman was driving five children including an infant who were ex-husband so much side-washing D.C. Nump of children was injured during the trip. The girls told her father what happened in the next day. He called the police. They asked to be let out. It was a hot day he said. Efforts to reach Cheryl Schoolmaker, one successful yesterday. Three of the five girls in the car with the schoolmakers, children. One of the other children was a family friend who really used to be. And the infant was Cheryl Schoolmakers. Cheryl Schoolmakers, scheduled for a range of July 22, the charges each carry maximum of five years in the slumber. Or just in the trunk of the car would be good. When you think five years later, you're in the trunk. 154 or QM, we got the mole man coming along at two o'clock. Did you good good night sleep last night? Were you tossing and turning all night long? If you're tired of that small cramped bed, it's time for you to step up to a new queen or king-sized bed from our good friends at Dalam Actress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose and floor desloyal just in Victoria of Queen and King-sized bed. Ready for a sane day delivery. You're still choose the date and time and age to our window seven days a week between 8 a.m and 10 p.m. and 10 p.m. When it's convenient for you, and they show up on time. Dalam Actress carries the complete line of all the top names in the universe. Take out them all, silly. Service Simmons King-Coral turns in foster hewitt. There are everyday low prices and each stock make your shopping or breeze when you make that one easy call, 1-800 mattress and you'll talk to the next verb that a consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest to style and cover level that is perfect for you when he's told to go the bidding in business inside a note. Just about all of us a QM or a simple like a baby every night on the Dalam Actress bed you ought to be doing the same. Call him toll free today, 1-800 mattress or check him on the wicked web at mattress.com. Dalam Actress had 1-800-MATTRES leave off the last S4 savings. What a contest score. Really a score. Super free will price is equal to score a game. For the greater rating you'll wish like a Q4 if you made it out. Go play! All the harder! Go go go go every time I see. Go go go go go! That free card it means wins. Go go go go! The three cards you could do. When preserved in the kitchen When sins turn into shit When sins turn into shit When there are enough 2 Throw up all再來 Throw them to the stupid And this road is good rich yet So comfortable, easy to be Love is in me Please, President, don't To don't care what it is So be God on the end By hook or frog with rich and raw It's all for us You and I And what help we'll feed it We've got a great leader With President's up The doctor got a total of 2,000 All the questions we've got One medium person you think might be the anti-Christ We almost got to 700 Dr. Joshua to push a little bit Right Where's number 280 Go around me one o'clock Showing how to be 75 Mirage is 50 On the anti-Christ Now you don't have to think about it Bob No back 47 Al Franken 41 Michael Savage 35 And quarter 13 Missed, Roger 13 Wolf, let's greet 13 We have an only 9 Bye bye What's your interesting It's Neil Roger's midday I don't have enough It's a ringle pices Till he wins Go go go go go What's all this? Watch out