This is my school. I'm late. Sorry Neil. No problem. Take all the time you want. I'm not taking another hour. Take two hours. I apologize. You're gonna be a barrel back on. Oh. Henry who was great. Didn't hear it. Oh, you missed Henry. People liked it. They've got phone calls about it. Yeah. Henry sounds the same. Oh. Oh. Yes. Oh. And he's doing well. Yeah. And he said to say hello. Hello. Thanks, Henry. To get that taste and smell out of your system. Oh. He also said that. Yeah. I have just tasted just now. Well, he's a gourmet, you know. I know that. Wine tasting. Yep. Travel to a lot with Henry. Went to three different countries with Henry. Really? Yep. I don't know if he. I don't think Henry was there. I went to London with Henry. And I didn't. He didn't make the Berlin trip with us. But I think he did go to Tokyo. Do the dolphin games. Oh, he's not really the dolphin games. I was wondering if he was in games and see the world. His daughter boy. She's really something. His daughter. I asked about her. She's teaching now at Coral Gables. He's in Macau. She's teaching drama. Yeah. Well, it's the gunner looks from mom. Yeah. Absolutely. Right. I saw that. So what's going on today? Well, no, what does that mean? What's going on today? We got the hockey settlement. Yes. We have the coach on. Oh, man. What was that? Around nine for theme. That's frog. Jock Martin? Yes. Oh, brother. I sure hope they you kept that short. Well, I didn't want to. You did the. Yes, I guess. So she has. Does anybody care? Do we have any fans? Anybody going to show up? How much are they going to pump up the attempt? I've got I have a lot of percentage of the. Are you going to want to pump up the 40 attendance this year? I'm not turning man. Yeah. They said they had I saw this in the favor today. Eight thousand ticket renewals last year. But our season ticket eight thousand season tickets last year. My ass. Get out of here. That's what they're claiming. I don't believe it. I'm not even close. What. She called you from the other words, poor last season. Yes. you knew it would have played. Yeah, right. That's like saying if we were a played last year, every game would have been a cell out. I mean, you know, go argue with that. Wait, thousand isn't that many? No, I know you're wrong. I think the last number I heard two years ago was down like four or five thousand. Yeah, but eight thousand isn't that many. Yeah. Well, I mean, they're not going to make it that way. Do you know what the average we spy in? And of course the best part of this is that only sports networks here, it's like, wow, you know, people got to realize that the union still has to ratify this and I'm thinking of myself having you people learn anything. We don't you understand that nobody can handle it. One more second of this crap, they can't deal with it. And the average response here, not there here is all they haven't played in so long. We just don't care anymore. Well, I wonder if that's true in some other places too. Well, if it's true here, it's got to be too just about everywhere. I mean, this is a, oh, you're talking about Toronto. Oh, you're hot bed, man. I tell you, Bob Ryan told me, you don't care in Boston. There you go. Boston was a pretty good hockey city with a rich tradition. So, I don't think it's going to be easy. They always say all the fans will always come back. But you know, I think they never played again. Wouldn't the phase me at all. And never that would bug y'all. These people pretty upset. I wouldn't have a job. But right. In your case, you're a, you're as big a hockey fan as I've ever known. Right. Lee fans since 58th is 47 years. 47 years. Okay. Okay. And if you don't, and if they never played again, I couldn't care less. If you don't care, I'm sure a lot of other people who are long time fans feel the same way. Just, and with me, it's the same with baseball. Now, they were lucky that they were able to come back. But I mean, just, you just get tired of it. The ridiculous salaries and the attitudes and steroids and the lies and the bull crap. And just who cares anymore, you know? I think you're better players really took care of them. They'll be the same. See, we got hockey on here all the time. They don't have to play anymore. They can just put on tapes of us and good old games and they'll have to play. And the thing of it is the way they want to make all these, we're not going to. They, they, all these rule changes that are coming. Basically, it's like saying, well, again, really sucks. So we have to like read design it to make it more exciting and more interesting in the idea. That's what it boils down to. Yeah, a lot of, there are a lot of rule changes. And that's just one or two. Now, of course, so we still don't know if they're going to affect no time games anymore, which they see, you want to know what this is all about. This whole thing, what it has been and continues to be all about. It's about what they call the bottom fears, which includes the Panthers, like the Carolina and the Anaheimitey ducks. Teams that don't draw flies that are hanging on by a thread, owners who've been sucked into, uh, thinking, oh, you're going to make a fortune, no, and a sports franchise like Alan Cohen. And so they had a kid or to them. And as opposed to, that was the whole thing with very bad men. And you know, representing these owners and the other thing is they don't have a television deal. NBC is not paying any rights. That is correct. As opposed to contraction, which is the only thing they could do is say, okay, we made a bad mistake. We've speded in the markets that can't and we'll never support this for nobody gives a crap there. And just to get rid of them, maybe they think by adding four playoff teams. It'll help some of that. Yeah, that's the other thing. Now isn't accurate. Yeah. So in other words, why not, why even play the record or season why not just start with a playoff? Why he play off to you? What's the point? I haven't an 82 game season. If almost everybody now makes the play off. I mean, that's just pathetic. Yeah. So like I said, it's hubm in dreared like the Chinese say, probably maybe in Japan. That's a very popular hockey expression. Yes. Absolutely is. Especially when Harold Ballard owned the least, a lot of people were saying that. Even the guy and we're saying that. All right, Neil. Well, don't do any more of that, uh, get into much rest. I heard you saying that you got too much sleep two nights ago. Yeah, I was slugging you today. Yeah, I want through that again. Now, you get about four hours sleep and then come in and like just incoherent. And then you'll be like sharp as a tack. And then you have to go home and take a nap, which will save you a lot of money. Yeah, I won't be plunging. That's correct. I think I might today though. Really. I'm very sure. Sure is day. Well, let me take a look and see what we got today. They got Ballm on Hollywood. Yeah. Oh, there's still showing replays. Oh, it's only 10 o'clock in the morning. There's show replays from the middle lands last night. There's Michael a chance that there's Brian Sears. Nice going Brian. You wouldn't know Brian Sears from Sears Robock. You're right about that. I know that. You're better off. Yeah. But Brian Sears is great. He's the best driving a world right now. And he had drove a pump at O'Park. He, that's where he got to start him in the dead Jay Sears. Pompable Park story. We want to keep all these things short. Hockey, harness racing. All the things that nobody cares about. Sorry. We apologize. How about that? My time anyway. So it's not a problem. Yeah. I don't mean to, you know, be interested. No, that's okay. But that's why I'm sure that's why you slapped over today because you know I've mentioned something about hockey. You had Jack Martin on a Jacques Martan. Yes. If Robbie, you're going to be in for a real surprise. We'd hard. He's nice enough. He's a very nice guy. Maybe two nice. You know, he was always made to play off with Ottawa. They always choked and lost in the first round. Leafs always tumble them. But he's a very nice guy. You know what they say about nice guys don't you? But Leo De Rocher said yep. I'm at know it have a great day and I went a lot today. I have a feeling you're going to kick some ass today. Cheers, day to life 14. It's an element. I'm feeling good. Great. Have a great day, Neil. I'll see you Tuesday. Oh, that's right. Always freshen my mind. And I know you look forward to it. Yes. That's a what? To the next four days. That is correct. Yeah. What a life you have. Absolutely. The best. Absolutely. Correct. See you. Hey. Hey. I like that. Hey. I like that. Hey. You're comfortable. I'm up. With a life of a cage. Hey. Hey. I'm a little too bad. I'm a little too bad. I'm a little too bad. I'm a little too bad. You. I'm a little too bad. You can feel the love. I will keep with what they say. I will keep it. I will keep it. And I will keep what you hate. Tell me. Well, yeah. I have a big day. I've been that way. Well, I'm not too young. I'm old here. Tell me. What to say? I'm a tiny tiny. I could wish her to be here today. There's a story but not for me. Hey. Hey. I'd rather be your living over house. In less of a wash my face. Hey. Hey. You. Come on. It's time to tell. Come on. It's time to tell. Ready. It's great time boys and girls. We just got started. We like that. Man. Good. Yeah. How about a little rewind there? I haven't said so. Okay. It's a minute or some time. It's a 14th of July. Let's just take our time. Relax. There's no pressure. Probably 175 degrees in the shade. It sure is here. I haven't had a rain in six weeks. Not a drop. Not a just a drop. Remember? Yeah. We're getting it all dropped. Very important. We're getting it all here. All the drops. I see. Anyway, that was embarrassing. I'm so glad that somebody called him. I just had a brain cramp there. A brain fart. Joyce. I have a good morning for movies today. Joe Crawford was not. Well, I mean, he was about her. So I guess he'd like it in there. I'm going to head you to much acting. Well, we get to that eventual rest of the days. Paul. We're a whole bunch of other polls to climb first. Yeah. Again, her ass man. 1017. Of course. A lot of guys think that she's really hot. Which just drives me crazy. It drives me almost as crazy as the sports fraternity in South Florida. Probably not just just some photo thing either. It's kind of like nationwide the sports fraternity. Yeah. The sports, the jack fraternity. Where they all kind of like suck around together and all like they're all. I can't stand it. But nevertheless, a more good news from Iraq. Let's hear it. I mean, I think we really got that button down. The insurgency like Cheney said is definitely in his death's rise. There are a lot of people throwing in a lot of people dying. A suicide car bomber, sped up to an American to American soldiers distributing candy to children and detonated his explosives yesterday, killing up to 27 other people. You know, you know, you know, you're talking about this. You're asking a lot of officials say one US soldier was killed about a dozen children among the dead. At least 21 others including three US soldiers were wounded me attack. You know, it's interesting when they say they were wounded. See, that's all you ever hear right? Because we don't see the pictures because it's very bad for business and bad for the fourth wife that see the pictures of the soldiers with their arms blown off and their legs blown off or both say and riddle like they're, you know, their eyes and not functioning anymore. All of these things. You have just minor things. Or you're probably this figure crippled for life. A suicide attack or also killed 25 people Sunday in the Rocky Army recruiting centers which were there. It just goes on people are dying like flies and a lot of blood on a lot of people say and then they just get away clean. That's all. How's Carl Robe doing by the way? It hasn't got his promotion yet. You can, you just look at him. You just look at him and you see an evil door right there. Just take a look at him. He's got, he looks nervous. You know, like any day he's going to get caught with a finger in the cookie jar or some of these, whatever he's doing. Or both. Not to mention, of course, outing Valerie Plank. And this business about well, he didn't mention her name. What's their business at me? If I said that, if I said, this is Joe Schwartz who lives down the street. I don't know what her name is. Yeah. Yeah. Right. If I said, if I said, Ed Wilson's wife, I shouldn't have said Wilson. Yeah, Ed, whatever. I mean, talk about try to squeeze out on technicalities. Remember the first they made when Clinton said, well, it's all about what it is means. Yeah. I thought that. And this would cement this baby quit playing the games. Okay. You're guilty as hell. Resign. Show a little bit of a foot, a little bit of balls and get out of there already. That's funny. I'm just telling you. For his right. I blackberry just went off. What's that? Is this? It could be something really important. It says, Oh, look at that. From my friend Ken Halper from Asia by Limos. Let me alone, Ken. Here's a George's pull from yesterday, which possession could you absolutely not live without? My car, 242. I'm living fine with Alman. I got two fine, beautiful corvettes that I didn't do in just fine with Alman. I used you as an example. Especially that 2005 one boy. That is the finest automobile ever made. I don't care what anybody says. That's just my personal opinion. What do I know? My car 242. My computer 151. What did I vote for? I voted for my TV. How's 145? My TV 76. I'm just one of those people that went, in fact, even now during the show. I got to say, I wanted to detect a thing. I had to do it. I didn't like TV's gone anytime. I'm inside the house. The TV is on. I vote like Linus in a security blanket. Right. I vote if I'm not watching it. It's a window. My drug 66. My porn collection 56. You better start stocking up because pretty soon Alberto Alman is Gonzalez and all these in Nazis are going to take away. They're going to shut it all down. They're going to knock an eye on you. They're going to be searching like crazy. My dog 50. Well, that's cute. Did you say a dog is a possession? By the law. Yeah. I'm trying to, is this illegal poor one? My boo's 39. My Bible 27. God dang it. Got to fill the. My gift, a caffeine 23. My cat. My gotto 23. So I started to say gotto. That's started to show an espioniel man. Nobody speaks English and South Florida. No mole right. Cat hurt the ratings. I mean, a kid heard a can only go zooming up there. I think that's a great idea is that I can. I'm alternate days when you do the show you ought to do one day in a sponial. I'll do a show in English. I'll do like a pasta USA and then we'll have a document when they do a show in Greek. Myself on 19, my radio 15, rectum, my cigarettes 13. My motorcycle. I want my cigarettes. Miss, misratch it. Didn't, is that what he said? Didn't say nurse. He said misratch it. That's right. He's dead. That's really a shame. Who's great? My motorcycle for my video game system 7 and my surfboard for. Somebody actually called that in. Couldn't live without their surfboard. Oh, I have two words for those of you who say that. Grow up. Now, here's the interview. Before we did early this morning. What's your take on the NHL hockey settlement? And of course it hasn't been ratified yet. Oh, man. These glorified overpaid juxtaphyrs who take showers naked with each other and slap each other on the E.S. with towels. These guys don't get it at all. They've been pampered and overpaid for two lines. I'm not just talking hockey. I'm talking about all these bald players, all these athletes, you know, and of course, stations like this one glamorized. No matter how low of a slime ball they might happen to be in there or show a whole lot of them. I don't want to mention no names Randy, but they're just a whole lot of them. It's a different thing. It's like I was telling you before the show. I watched a documentary. We last done on CBC about this guru in India, which I can't, is something Baba, not Ali Baba, but probably Kind Ali Baba. Okay. And he's a pedophile. He's like a little munchkin guy. He's 78 years old. He's about five feet tall. And they had these people on talking about how they molested his son. And then they had all these other people talking the same stuff. And the disciples don't care. They don't care. He's all these fully, a slid of hand magic tricks, making watches appear. And all this other stuff. And then they come to find out that all this gold that he's supposedly is like it's paced, it's crap. It starts flicking and falling apart. It's something you buy like off an infomercial on TV other than of course, the deluxe laborway. So when I was talking about with Ali Baba that he's a pedophile and they're glorifying him and right. Same crap. How they glorify slime balls. Yeah, they can knock all they want. But for a love of slime ball. The Germans, the Austrians, they loved Hitler man. They loved him. Just like the Americans love Bush, released half the American countries drawn right down in middle. I got a new pool on that. He's not quite as a popular in his credibility. He in fact, it says he's almost getting in Greg Reed's classes for a lack of credibility. Now that's bad. You know what I'm saying? When your credibility is as low as on the Greg Reed Omeeter as it is now. That's bad news for the Bushmaster. Anyway, here's the intermediate pool. They care about hockey or what in South Florida none. And I'll say it to make you feel better. Let's drop the hook. And that is an even in Toronto. They showed interviews with a whole bunch of people who were fans, our fans, but haven't played this so long. We just don't care. That's the average response. And I would say the same. Who cares anymore? Take your hockey sticks in your puck. We survived a whole year without it. And guess what? Life goes on. Life goes on. Like I was telling before the show. These so-yes people, these professional sports nerds who run around with their, there's one thing to go to a game. Like I have my leaf jacket that I put on my go to a hockey game. You know, team cap, something like that. But they walk around in everyday life with their hurricanes, jerseys on and their dolphin camps. Grow up already. When you're playing, you know that. Oh, those people just, they just leave me limp. God. You know what I'm talking about? Do I know that? All over a girl, little babies, little babies. Okay? Life is life is more than a ballgame. See that's one of the reasons that we have problems with the internet. With the, with our website. The only people who want to see naked pictures on their overgrown children. Me, me. Like that. Nothing wrong. We're looking at pictures on hot naked people, but finding a appropriate place to do it. See, we made a bad move by ever starting to do that. That was a bad mistake. And of course, the losses, you better not do it again. You're asking all go to jail. Anyway, here's the intermediate pool about hockey man. They care. They're whipped up into a frenzy in South Dakota. Am I right? No. Don't give a Schmidt 44. We had 101 votes. We slipped this in there that intermediate kind of thing in between polls. Don't give a Schmidt 44. A fan who doesn't care anymore 29. That was my vote. A big fan. But you know what? I just don't care. Hockey sucks 10. Can't see. And those percentage is to get a guy like 39 and 43 is what? 82%. Okay. Right? I'll take your word for it. Gelty will help us win the squakers. Eight. I thought that was kind of cute. I'm a big hockey fan and I'm pumped seven. Big panzer fan and I'm pumped three. So that's 10 out of 101. They're pumped up like on or they're pumped. And they're ready to go. Okay. Drop the fuck. It will be there. Nobody cares. Rock Martin. I hate to break the news to you, Froggy. Nobody cares. I shot clip of their spokesman a couple days ago on air. Remember the spokesman B. So I'll have those buttons later on. Partial building collapsed in New York. You see this on the upper west side. Manhattan. Good move. I hate this debris on the bottom. It's in Broadway. It's building. It was under construction and it like it came in a couple of people in Jr. like me. But I mean, but I'm a little bit of a- this is the latest history of Do Sure. Because there's nothing else going on. Other than, of course, all in people dying in Iraq and the Carl Rov and all this other stuff. See, it's all a- it's all a big rules. It's a cover up. Every second did they spend talking Taka. You know, like about the Aruba, the Tubah and Aruba. It's all a cover up. Yeah. Okay, it's my group. I think that I hear down my throat. And we're all on the curly side, too. Does it? How that happened? Roger's driving now. British prime minister and Poodlehead. Tony Blair. Hey, how- Tony Blair here. And I'm delighted to say. Now that we have Saddam Hussein, lock safely behind bars. I can assure you there is absolutely nothing to wear. I'm so glad. Yeah. Tablesoy. Seems most unfortunate bomb went off. Ah, no where was I? Oh yes. I can say with great certificate committing all troops to Iraq. At the behest of your very wealthy leader. Has not only guaranteed me a chair with a Carl I'll group, but has made the world a much safer... Yeah. Poor me explosion, I- I can't say it. Everybody's saying. It's not what's going on. It's not what's going on. It's not what's going on. They're nice people. What? What a fool of the world. Oh, you noticed that the identified four breads, three of whom I think was at least three are a pack of standing descent. Correct. But all this mentioned that all four are standing here. All of them are, well, all that they've found are so far born and raised. Oh, the pack is standing. Is there packing it? Yes. Well, I'll be damned. Not anymore. I wish they'd've packed it a little more carefully before they left the house so they wouldn't have gone off in the... Ah, you! But nevertheless. Five cents. I'll give you the pull for today, okay? I'm a little bit, um, I'm peoed about that whole sports fraternity thing because the Jimmy Siffle is thing is the epitome. And this goes on all the time, you know? I remember, see, people would say, well, you're so negative. No matter who they picked, you would have not. No, it would not. I think it would be a little bit more emotional broadcast. There's somebody with some credentials, somebody we'd do with some talent. But a guy who's never broadcasted an NFL game in his life and now he's the voice of the dolphins. I'm sorry, excuse me. Even guilty has done in some filling games for the Panthers. Not that he will of course was the best choice, but nevertheless, it's outflow. What do you expect? And nobody cares about hockey anyway. I think he'll do okay as a matter of fact, you know what? Okay? I didn't say great. I think he'll do okay. Okay, you'll be great. Great. Spectacular. I'm going to be like another, uh, build you it. Who best fits this description and actor or actress and a TV or movie role, he didn't have to act much for. I think that Joan Crawford and Mommy see her. Yeah, that was good. That's nice. Yeah. Anyway, we took that off of their tights there, forget that off of their right away. Just like disappeared. Did Eric do that or you did that? Yeah, I told him. And he did it. He did it. Well, he's a video in that way, you know? 106 votes so far, who best fits that somebody who just, and I voted for the one that's winning hands down. He likes to load in Rocky. I mean, he's a moron. He's a dog. All he had to do is just be himself and read the line. Yo, Adrian. Yeah, actually wrote that movie. You know, something. Because it was him, right? Exactly. Which his life story man, sliced alone. He couldn't act as wet of a paper sack, plus the Italian stallion from the, the word around the Alotaroomism. I mean, hungrock on that. But that's important, of course. Not necking cool. Just like a net. Uh, sliced alone in Rocky, 56. Jack Nicholson, Cook was in as 26. Spencer Tracy, any movie he was in 13. See, I'm glad to see that I'm not feeling what it feels that way. He would be the only movie he was ever in that I saw him in that he was different was Dr. Jika and Dave Hyde, Tom Jicken, Dave Hyde. Well, it's been a time jika. I'm, I'm all over the place, but when you're running on twice a week, you have a lot of craft story about. I'll get to Jicken a second. Tom Cruise and Agnolia 7, and now that everybody's turned on him and rightfully so deservedly so Tom, you would eat you. You're fair. Uh, they're piloting on that. He's got seven votes. And we're going to go to agree. Yeah. That was him. And Benny Davis and whatever happened to baby Jane's three. Yeah, she is. It's true. I had that feeling. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's a very nice person. I don't think so. But I like her. No, no, I'd like to. And the movies I thought are acting was great. She always played. And these interviews show is came off like with a huge ego. Yes. Well, it does make much difference. Not because she still did. Okay. And again, back to Tom Jicken before we take any news calls. Because this is a building poll. We need a whole bunch of choices on it. You might actually get some votes. Thousands of votes today, Jack. Not totally. All right. A hundred votes today. We're all together. Well, no, no, seven. No, but Tom Jicken. We're still getting about this in the shower this morning. In the shower, I think about these are things. Okay. Doing my body wash. Oh, seriously. Now, is there anybody that's still using soap before I talk about Jicken right here? I'm actually, I think Miguel said the couple weeks ago we're talking about the body wash thing. He's still using soap. And that of course is because being Cuban, which you're one of the exceptions, but being Cuban is a pretty lady's going to drop it. Let's get soap out of rope. He says. I see. But never let's see. You miss you my point. That's why he's still using it. He thinks he's going to drop it. And anyway, getting back to Tom Jicken. Here is a guy. My close little bald head and friend has been very nice to me. We're in a lot of my stuff about me over the years, but never. I see. Again, I can't let that color my judgment. The fact that a matter of ways, I was thinking about all the bonehead things that I've gone on this radio station for the last two or three years. And there have been so many. I mean, they've done everything in their power. You talk about the explosions and the two, and I'll actually save that everything in the part of this. This place. I don't know how we continue going to be honest with you. It takes every obstacle in your way. Continue filling with a format. It's hard changing everybody's time. Slime. Making all kinds of threats with joy, isn't that legal crap? And Tom Jicken, I see. Nobody writes a word about it. See the sports nerds. I'll find her in the sarny wrote that column last week, raising about the afternoon guy in Palm Beach. And about he's the best sports guy in the afternoon. My ass, sarny, what happened? It's turning you down. That is just unbelievable. But that sarny for you know, he's always, oh, eight, fifty is almost for any savvy sports fan. Have a button on you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you ought to have a button on your Acto man sarny or pathetic. But they just, they just won't criticize, you know. Just, and he also was sucking up to a rich waltz again about well. He got some criticism in the beginning. But every game he's getting better is he getting better? No, he's the same. He sucks. He's bad. That's all. Okay. Joe Angel, he was good. Not great, but he was good. Rich waltz sucks. Dave and boring. Good voice. He's boring. That's all. Just don't need to say a word. And he won't. But, Jacob won't write about any of this in sarny and he goes on. He's supposed to be the only one left who occasionally wants every six months, write something about local radio, although I'm not lately. But because of the fact that he fills in for any K, he's part of our fraternity again. He fills in on this station. So, is he gonna, I'm not saying he's never written anything critical because he has. But like this stironder bottle and all the other stuff that's going on. Is he gonna write about it? No. So, basically, this radio show that, and of course, that's why they resent me and hate you like poison. They can't afford to hate me, but they hate you like poison as a result. And I apologize. I'm sorry that you have to, you know, bury the brunt of it. But too bad. Yeah. With all the big bucks you're making, you're... If you can do it more than worth it. It's deflect all of the hatred and the animosity and the hysteria and the psychosis of all these middle and upper level management people. You know that. By the way, Clara, it's you can come in in the morning if you want one on mom, but, you know, what's the point? You got nothing to say. At least when Duff comes in, you know. I don't want to stick up with Duff. You're fair, right? But it's just, parents just has e-bris nothing to the table. You know what I'm saying? Draft it hard and you were... Right? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah! Let them holy cow. Or is it weaver, we're say holy Toledo. In fact, I think that's where he last wrapped it on. Anyways, do I seem like I'm rambling? I'm just pissed off and affected nobody's going to say anything. Everybody is a suck-off. I'm not for the sucking already. Jesus, cake, Christ. Just be objective. You don't have to like a rip everybody or a kiss everybody's ass. Have an opinion. And this business that Jimmy Seffalo's going to do such a great job doing the Duff and play by play. Based on what? First of all, to be a play by play guy is got to be dynamic in the first place. Dynamic. You know, have a personality. Jimmy, I mean, he's okay on TV and his fourths there on 10, but he's got a personality like an Lice cream. He's a very low-key kind of boring guy. Well, that's unique. We already got boring on a baseball games. At least one thing for Galby. Nobody's got a season of being boring on a Panther games. Okay. He'll be animated. He'll be hyper-ventilating. What do you say? I think he could be okay. Well, he likes it. So he's got a genuine he likes it. He knows it. He understands it. He's enthusiastic about it. And he has and see for hockey, you don't have to have a irregular ordinary voice. So I could go through a whole litany of things about hockey now. There's a season of ones who add like Bob Cole with a great voice and Joe Bowen. But then there's like Bill and Foster, who would who had the bizarre voices. And still were great. You know, you don't have to add Johnny most in the self-accept, I mentioned the other day. With a gravely voice. And Bob prints the same with kind of like a gravel voice. And anyway, all of a sudden that's a deathful in 153 from that queue incident. And there's an update from a prison planet on the thing about it. And that's a true story, even though you don't believe it, probably, about the exercise that we're taking place simultaneously and almost exactly the same time. I wouldn't believe it. I don't mean you. I mean, people in the audience get there's an update on it. And I just to pass it along will be on either the day or tomorrow on the website. Assuming, of course, that you people are reading the stories, the news stories on the website. That Josh is working so feverishly to get on there. Man. No naked pictures. We don't want to see that website. No naked pictures. We want those naked pictures every day. He won't bring the naked pictures back. We will not look. We don't want to hear. The climate. You bested you piece of crap you. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's the way it is. 1042 or 560 W if you weigh him. Got it. I'll put it for the techies. You know the 10 year. And yet 94. This is the boy. This is the boy. It's not so good for the techies. I'm just looking for the techies. I can't believe it. Oh, not the captain. It's a silly end. Oh, by the way, something's silly. It'll turn you. It'll turn you. It'll turn you. All right, which one of you guys is a tenant? I am not the victim. What a second. What a sour sea! What a scuchy little rory. Why you're so good? What a rory. What a scuchy little rory. What a scuchy little rory. What a scuchy little rory. I'm not a scuchy little rory. I'm not a scuchy little rory. You're going to get me, Thomas. Get some of the fish. Don't be. I'm going to get you. I get you. You'll see if you can find us. What's the right to be? It's a cake. Love you more, man. I. I. I am a. Don't. I am a. I am a. Tell me of the sports ball. I am. I am. I know you stupid shit. I am. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. I'm an. I'm a. I'm. I'm. I'm. It's. Yeah. That's. I'm. So. There. It's. A. I'm a. But. The old. I. It. What the. I have no message, yeah. How good are your fellows? I got some great gifts. Where do you think you're going? I'm just... Well, I get it. I'm going to the right home. No, what's the law? What the do I have in it? It's easy, I'm pregnant, you know. Don't you think that's sad? What the do I have? What's the do I have? No, not that face. I can honestly say I don't have a clue. No, you're not supposed to. What do you mean by that? It's a parody of the movie irreversible. So if you haven't seen it, then it's a... Oh, I see. Which is another backwards movie like a mentor. I see. It's said the blind man. I have that idea. Well, so terrible. You know what to do. It's good. I can't help her. By the way, email you back. You know, you say one thing on a show, which I guess is a good sign. And all of a sudden, everybody in the whole universe is talking about it. I said the Hank there at the end of this crossover. I said, I'll see you Tuesday. So I can wanting to be the doodiful limo driver. Or you coming back to town Tuesday? Hey, absolutely not. Can. That was figuratively speaking. What I should have said, and now be very careful in my verbiage in the future. I'll talk to you Tuesday. And I'll see you. I don't think I'll probably ever see the hump or again. Or any of you folks. But I mean, don't take it personally. Jay, well, it's just I just won't be there. I mean, I'll be there, but not in the building. Right. You'll be there. Of course, of course. We needed to track or something like that. Here is the definitive answer for our pull. We're going to start building this pull. And I still haven't mentioned Hollywood. This is exactly what I had in mind. Adam Sandler and Happy Gilmore. Okay. You don't agree? I'll either saw Happy Gilmore or so. Why it's irreversible. The effects of seeing it are irreversible. Well, that's right. You don't go to a hockey game. See, I've never saw the tips that they use of hockey games with a Bob Barker party above on TV. Well, there you go. Adam Sandler and Happy Gilmore. Let's get that out right away. So I'm going to go zoom in shortly at the top because that's the definitive answer. I score on Mitch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, leave a rise in in singular, wireless lines. And actor actors in a TV or in the movies who didn't have to act for a role. Much. I'll say that way. I came across. Okay, that's good. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil, got one for your poll in a question. Yes, sir. George. Okay. Keanu Reeves, Bill and Ted Zex when it may. Yeah, that's the way. Okay, that's the definitive again. Perfect. Okay. And my question for George is, on Neil's noises, is, uh, Buffalo Bill on there anywhere? No. Okay. Are you going to put it on? Okay. It's one of the best. What do you want? Nothing. There's an honest skin. It does this whenever it's cold. Good luck, if you're happy. Thanks, good choice. Yeah, Keanu Reeves. We don't like her. I mean, in him at all, the way. We're even rather slow. She's on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Okay. I know what the next one is. And I'm not really sure about the bleeps. Yeah. Yeah. We got to be really sure, man, because when it comes out, we got to bleep it out. That's the American F and way now. I mean, the American, the fucking way. How many QAAM, hello? Hey, how about Robin Williams in pretty much anything he's in? Number one. Yeah, that's right. Always the same. You're always a doctor. What's that patch Adams? He's always that. Exactly. And also, I used some liquid soap when I was away. I said a man's option. There's no way I was touching that bar soap. So I found the light man. It works great. Nice. Go on, pal. He found the light. You swapped two hours there. I went some cascino in there. I went a little bit of cash. Excellent. That's another thing. I was going to do things when I was away. Thank you. What I'm doing for your life? Yeah. That's a place of Memphis, which sounds like a backwards town, but that's to have light more than Florida than the people who are much nicer. Where was Memphis? Memphis, Tennessee. It sounds like he's... Hey, what's his name? Oh, no, holy... You know, no, it's dirty. It's dirty. But they were like... Okay, listen. We're gonna put while you're head, thanks. See ya. So, see, he discovered a body. Why? Why? She's not like a manly man. Not like something. A little pansy. He's a little... He's a little... He's a little... He's a little... He's a little... He's like... Like... He's like... He's like... He's like... Lucy... Lucy... He was really a speedy Gonzalez. All of that stuff. And Ricky wasn't a stereotype. That was it. Not at all. Hey, listen. They keep talking about what a shrewd business man he was. He was. Dizzy, aren't he? He was. Lucy... And don't forget they slept in separate beds. Why? 9, Q, A, M, hello. Chum-buck. Chum-buck. She no matter which line it is, is it really made a difference? No, no. Moving right along. What is it? What do you say? He said, Vin Baldi Diesel. But I don't know what Louis he would be. What does that mean? I don't know. In other words, he's been on my hand. I mean Vin Diesel. He just likes the superheroes that he pretends to be. Yeah. This is a point. I don't get it. Oh, this fantastic. Four of you. See that? Yeah, I saw it. It was fine. Don't sound too enthusiastic. Was it better than more than the world? Oh, yeah. It was nothing that made you angry. And it was just not... Didn't have a whole lot of action. But then it didn't need to. They were just setting things up. Yeah. And it was fine. It was entertaining. No, one character in theory is complexion. There's almost like Wayne, you know what? Talk about the thing. Yeah. Don't think you're way in. Hello. Yes, sir. Jeff Goldblum. In any movie. Any movie dress. Mark. That's good one. In the book. I don't think about the movie. Thank you. How about in the fly? Oh, after he just... I don't know what it is about him. There's something... Oh, I just... I feel on clean when I see him. I don't know. And it's kind of... Do what that. Two-hater. Ha ha ha. Did you see it? Yeah. He saw the fly. What else was he in? He's been in the movie. He's in the big number. Oh, no. Nothing good. Jeff Goldblum, Blum, any movie is in. He just gives me spilky. Really some independence day. He saved the world with an Apple computer. So, it's probably got 144 votes. We'll get to our 200-day before... Two o'clock. Slice the load in Rocky to 77. You're angry. That's a moron. You. Jack Nicholson, who goes next 29. Spencer Tracy, any movie 18. Tom Cruise and I know you're 10. Hey, Tommy. How's the people in Tommy? You're four. That's a wrong movie. Betty Davis and whatever happened to Baby Jane Six. Can't O'Reaves and Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, too. You know, that's going to inspire me. The story is rock, um, the shit in the world. Uncle Ted did throw us a boxer shorts. Let's cruise our bark and ride with some bags. Excellent. Our money. Our money. Women. And toon Ted. Uncle Ted did. What's he's our answer to this last name? You're a pretty face. And do the wild thing. It's a concept. No way, Bill. That's way Ted. Excellent. Do rich. They're powerful. They like to swim naked. What are you going to do, Smithman? Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-foot adventure. Our two, the next genitalia. Excellent. Women soon to appear to be new. We're the next one. Two for that and the one for Anna Sandler and happy. You'll more and none yet for Robin Williams any movie was in. Can you name the other than good morning Vietnam? I'll be sort of a punch around that. Other than that, can you name me one movie he was in? I wasn't worried at a name that way. What? Right. It was always pretty much the same in that one too. But at least it was a good movie. But that was on again last night that one was mad Damon. Goodwill Hunting. Yeah. Watched about two seconds of that. I think he was in a wake and he was wasn't he? With Robert De Niro. Didn't see him. It was good. And he was good. He played a different character. He was relatively normal. No antics, no comedy all the way through it. To me it's like patch Adam's. That's the Robin Williams. He's always Robin Williams playing Robin Williams and not being funny. He's funny. I mean, stand up or like on TV. But men in the movies, he just put all the armed flotting spasiness stuff. Twenty four, maybe three seconds when I was a kid. Yeah. Even Carlos off there. It's a front desk don't flap for her arm as much as that. Just before take off. Awakening was not bad. We got that bit. It's funny. But the movie. We're going to be playing a lot of bits here for crying out loud. That's one idea. Picture Awakening. We brought you the inspiring story of Leonard. A man in prison for 40 years by a rare disease. Until the courageous Doctor freed him with a miraculous new drug. But the drug failed. Leonard. Leonard. He's not responding, doctor. Okay. We're going to have to increase the dosage. Bring in the symbols. Now medical science tries again in awakenings too. And this time they'll try anything. There's nothing, doctor. Increased the dosage. Oh, wake it in his tune. A story of hope. Courage. And wall to wall itself. Or grubs have failed. Can decibels succeed? Awakening's too. Outplaying at a theater near you. And of course the obvious question for those of us who didn't see awakenings did Leonard have his own. You. Huh? Several. I bet you're a fan as governor. I'm going to be too pleased here in that bin. Hey, Jeb. You're very. 1057 and 560 W. You're a human. Here it is. It's the 14th of July. How's that stock casino thing coming in before it in Brower? Yeah. Oh, my god, can't help. Or emailing me. Am I coming back on Tuesday, man? Why sound like a mental case? Am I that crazy? I don't. Man. Oh, man alive. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your buddy. Do do do do do do do do. Any questions? Here's your question. Come on for Jeb and sing. There you go. I'm sliced along. You thought I was all washed up. Well, you were right. That's why I've developed my own line of the traditional supplements for the N.C. Jeb and C stands for. Got no careers. You better believe it. And that's why they got me doing what's on Piscopholes doing. But then 10 years ago. Hey, we have a dope list of clothes. I didn't think so. You loved stumos. And as rocking. You tolerated him as Randall. You hated him and spik his face. Now you'll utterly despise him and his latest role as himself for G.N.C. You're a good G.N.C. for my new energy pudding. It's great that elderly people like me run my gold and hate the way energy by stick to their dents. So if you were looking for today's best health products created by yesterday's worst action star, stop at G.N.C. Oh my mom was soup. No, but that's Nick. Thanks so. What's all Ryan Stone? No, touch dread. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. God, I love that. Anyway, got two more for if it's a poll. Two more. Gene from Siebring says, Bert Reynolds and a movie. And guess who whose Bert Reynolds best movie buddy? Don't do it. Get the money, Junior. That could be that if you didn't answer, Dom Della Wies and Fancy. I don't think he had an active bear. He had an eat a lot, but generally, he was fishing. So there's two more for you. Guy. Got it? Yeah, I got it. Oh, speaking of Josh. Don't see what I do with that dish. Oh, no. One moment please. Ha ha ha. Oh, thank you. I know what that I did with that dish. It's missing. I thought I was going to play this amount of the hockey thing with everybody whipped up. And I started results of the polls. Oh, when they hit the bread, when they're like in the streets, but they're not they don't care. Even here. Here's some good news for you boys and girls for a Thursday, July 14th. Write this down on your wrist. President Bush's personal credibility appears to be eroding. And a time when Iraq has become the top public priority. And the White House has engulfed a seat. They don't want their kids in their brothers and sisters and husbands and wives being sent over to dive based on a pack of lies. A pack of lies. Right. On a bunch of BS. And of course, the Joseph Wilson and Valerie plain thing, is an inextricably with all of this because that was one of the excuses that they wrote right there to the state of the Union address. L.I. about all that enriched uranium from Niger and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and Al-Bulkrap. And they knew ahead of time that it was Bulkrap. But they still went ahead and said it to build their case. And then, of course, every now and then they would say, well, 9, 11, Sodom, 9, 11, Sodom. They just things like that. They're just a little subliminal subliminal subliminal subliminal subliminal subliminal. And they said that Sodom was responsible for 9, 11, Sodom, 9, 11. Anyway, and the White House also went Gulf and Controversy over Crowl, Rover Polar L.C. yesterday's suggestion. This is good news. I told you, and see you all listen to me, because I lived through the water gate thing. And it took forever, forever. For ever, for the public to finally catch on. And it took forever for the immediate finding grill pair. It was water cranky, crunky. Yeah, but they actually had a median those days. Well, in case you hadn't noticed, they were like, all, and they were jumping all over Scott McClulins. And they asked me, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So, I've got to start somewhere. And I told you then, and I'll tell you again now. I think this is the beginning. We are on the, I have unraveling. I pray. The NBC News Walsery Journal, Polo Show, The percentage of Americans, I believe, Bush's honest and straightforward. Felt of Fort, speaking of Greg. Felt of 41% from 50% in January. While those who say they doubt his veracity climbed to 45% from 36%. So, in other words, look at that. 45% said he's a liar. And 41% honest and straightforward. And of course, we know that those are the real white wing hysterical glam. The fundamentalist lunatics, who no matter what he does, just like that, Google where I was telling you about it. They were talking about, well, they were talking about his American disciples and saying, well, you know, he's been accused of being a pedophile. And it looks like these charges are very serious and all very true. And would that make it end? They're making different to me. So, in other words, even if it's true that he's molesting, surely, I don't care. Doesn't bother the Catholics. And I'm excited. That's one of the sticking when I worked with Washington. I showed that was another really very good documentary that you won't see. BC. The telephone survey conducted July 8 to 11 also showed that Iraq has replaced jobs as the leading issue among Americans. With a 3.1% margin of era, pulling data, data said 40% see Iraq as the top priority. Against 34% who you jobs as their main concern. The new poll also showed Bush's overall job of providing something to 46% from 47 in May. While his disapproval rating crept upward from 47 to 49%. This approved. It ought to be 99%. But then again, there's a lot of stupid people out there. As Norman Miller pointed out, the White House this week has been reeling amid controversy over Roe, but to be put a boot put about. And Democrats have called on Bush to fire Roe. And David John Kerry got a lot of slightly animated. They noticed that. And Hillary nodded her head like that. I was nodding. I was nodding off. I think Hillary Democrats has such a much a worse man. It reminded me of us at QAM. They all don't want to take the, you know, get involved in the fiscal. Stick off the gloves and start pumbling. Kick an ass. That's what we've been coming. We've become the WISTI sports station at QAM. Anyway, and you forgot to remind me, when we had the cross over thing of real late. So forgot to remind me to give the Hank the business about that. Jimmy's cephalo stuff again. It's just I find it insulting. It's insulting the profession. They need they can just continue taking jobs. We're job after job after jobs. Just because they used to do stuff together in a locker room naked. I mean, so what does that mean? What does that mean? Okay. I can't ignore it because it's so. And here's can again. Jesus Christ. Can't. I'm not coming around Tuesday relax. Take a chill. Calm down. Go drive around in circles. Anyway, Rick says, I guess you haven't seen dead poet society. Robin Williams started. He was excellent. He wasn't goofy or Mickey any jokes. He was a total departure from the Robert Williams we took cash to met. Well, again, the question is, any actor actress in TV or movie role, they didn't have to act much for us. So it doesn't mean that the person we name on a pool didn't do some good stuff. Yeah. I did see that poet society. Like Jack Nicholson, I'm not saying we're knocking him. He's great. I like Jack Nicholson, but the problem is he's just about always in a cooklessness. That's what I think he's all about. I could be totally wrong. I never met the man. But I see him in cooklessness. I think well, he don't have to act too much for that role. Robin Williams was doing antics and dead poet society. Oh, well, that's a comedy, but he was doing antics with semantics again. Traumatic antics. Yeah. Whatever. He is what he is. Right. I know that this comes as a great choice to some people because maybe it's one of those things that most of us don't think about. But there are some actors and actresses who can argue an example was either a bunker. James Staples. James Staples. Now, she was once upon a time a very serious actress. Right. And didn't act like a ditzerin. It's called range. Right. So in other words, she could be a comedian. She could be very funny or she could do a serious role. Except all of these things. All of these things. Right. And the really great actor, like Robert Duvall, he was in a movie where he played the priest brother. But his name will be true lies. Okay. Was that what he was? I'm not sure. Robert Duvall is a good comedian. He can be anything. He was a Tom Higgin in the godfather. Right. He was a great role in network. We played Frank Hackett. Speaking of network that baby is another one. Yeah. Now, Bert Reynolds, I would agree with that. And I'm not saying, you know, he too many smokey and abandoned movies. That's his problem. And that's his problem. And that better piece. And then he turns around and does boogie nights. That was so great. So that goes to show you. But again, it's a particular role that some actor actress play that you feel was pretty much with their all about. See what I'm saying. What he said. And then in the case is some of these people like Robin Williams. He was always in selfie just he doesn't have any range. He's always playing himself. He reminds me of Rupple still skin, you know. Little lunch can jump it up and down. Flapping his arms hyperventilately. Nah, then I'm funny. That's a little voice. You know. Yeah. Emily becomes a hurricane. But the good news. I got more good news. Don't worry about it. Okay. Don't let the weather ferry or get you all hypervent in this set. We don't have the weather ferry. Junior reporting from the slamer. Better like the weather in there. Just on the climate in there. Partly gay. No, I don't think partly. But the famous. You fairies. How's it going in there? Like, can't the showers. Yeah, I'm not. I'm not. I do like golden retrievers. But nevertheless, I'm not getting sucked into that. Now I see the way you tried to catch me. There was like a trap and right there. The Florida should find the catcher brave. Thanks to the vermuda high. Oh, if there's anything George enjoys it. Better than in vermuda high. It's a good machine. I don't know. That's one thing. I think we're going to stick my action in boxing. I'm still going to die with that whole Jamaican thing on my brain. I can't get rid of it. There's just something that you making people and I need to bond. We need to do something because I can't relate to their whole act. They're not relevant. There's nothing wrong with them. I got to wait for this. I can't relate to their their thing. You know, their whole performance in life. Anyway, because that bridge of high pressure is strong, your sense of lower latitudes, it should keep hurricane Emily. About 500 miles south of Miami, four canisters are saying. 500 miles south. That sounds like a pretty good deal. Last summer wasn't so benevolent. It pushed the four hurricanes towards Florida, making for the most descriptive season in history. We're all rooting for the strong vermuda high to hang in there. I mean, you're all just Jim Lu's shine of the National Immigrant name for a meteorologist Jim Lu's shine. It could be like Jim's else sunshine. He's still on their waving his arms. Yes, God, I hate him. So meteorologist Jim Lu's shine of national under service in Miami. If it does that, we should escape this one pretty easily. Emily pounded Grenada. Is if the Americans did not want to do enough of that. They pounded Grenada early Thursday, packing sustained winds about 90 miles an hour. Hey, you know, if we want to make people forget about a rash. Let's go in there and evade Grenada again. And then we can team up with our good friends, the Brits. And we can do a Los Nalvinis one more time. Make sure we get it finished off. The Faulkman's. Careful. Yeah. I know Joyce might be monitoring. So we've been in our play like, uh, uh, uh, Shannon, our Faulkner. Oh, gee, don't say that. I'm interested there aren't 10 people in America who remember her. What that was all about. Hey, Steve bitch. Yeah. Probably maker. Puggy. She just wanted to take a shower with a guys. They didn't want to relate to that. Come on, sir. After 11 at 5 60, W. Americans, it's Paul Harface. Stand by for news. Little Peter Vibbons was in his on quitting as he was coming down the aisle. He would take two steps. Stop. Then turn to the crowd alternating between Bride, side and room side. While facing the crowd, Peter would put his hands up like claws and roar. And so it went step step roar step step roar all the way down the aisle. As you can imagine, the crowd was near tears from laughing so high by the time the young boy reached the pulpit. Peter, however, was getting more and more distressed from all of the laughter and was also near tears. By the time he reached the pulpit, when asked what he was doing by the priest, Peter Sniffin said, I was being the ring bear. Paul Harve. Good day. Okay. Now, waiting for the explanation on that one. A bear. He was the ring bear. Get it? Wow. I put three different written on the irreversible one. You can see the movie. I had no idea. It was in his moments. Especially when he went. So it was a terrible thing. But the ring bear, I just, yeah. And I think there's one other Paul Harve, but two I just put in there. I also don't understand that. It's first time I ever put anything in there. I didn't understand. I didn't get it. But I figured, well, somebody will find it amusing. The ring bear. Well, some little summertime. Oh, we, we. Ha ha ha ha ha. Bob and Carl Springs, back, says on Sunday evening, tired of local TV news history regarding hurricane Dennis, I was telling surfing and stumbled on Larry King, who was bringing the history to a national level. At one point in the show, he says, let's now vote a CNN's rich Sanchez live in Pensacola. Then who appears on this TV screen, but other than Miami's own rookie Tiki Sanchez, the King Master of Community Call, and Rich throughout the entirety of a show during numerous reports, and I laughed my ass off. There's Bob of course, friends, what do you say, that Larry is a funny guy, even without those suspenders. He's a real panic. 5 6 7 0 5 6 6, another one for the pool. Okay, Kevin Costner. And the untouchables. Okay, because he played a very coma-inducing area. Yes, perfectly. And he didn't have to act because that's it. He has got to be the most boring actor I've ever seen in my life. I don't know what the big deal is with him. I don't know. Maybe he's a nice guy. Is there was, I don't know. Maybe show some on Ask and Vigo. Doesn't argue with the director. Maybe. Is there something on mission? There was he ever in a movie that was good. I didn't see dances with Wolf and Wolf. Wolf and Wolf. The other one was good. I mean, it wasn't a good movie. That's right. Jam kid was horrible. He was a bad man. But I like the only accent there. There's nothing worse. Well, I think we did that full once upon a time. Like Brad Pitt when he was the blonde. What will we was that? He died as a blonde in the air that phony Scandinavian accent. What have been hello was? Got they Brad Pitt. Come on. Do a Google on it. No, not at all. Huh? The Mexican? Nah, get out of here. Not Mexican. He was blonde. He was a Scandinavian guy. With a real phony accent. Sorry. Huh? And also in JFK Kevin Bacon, why like a lot. He's a good actor. But he also has a real phony sub-end role. I mean, he just lays it on real thick. It's just bad. You know, it's just crap is what it is. 560, 505, 60, oh, we got something important on our website that I know you won't look at because it's important. Okay. No, it is. In fact, when I looked earlier, you're not an old Josh has been adding more stories because he has a tendency to like, you know, I'm looking. No, it's the top story. They're one of the cartoons. Yeah, after you look at the funny pictures, the top story is the transcript of remarks by Matt Cooper and his attorney after testifying yesterday. Okay, it's much too long to read and just read the a preface to it from editor and publisher. After more than two hours of testimony before a grand jury on the plain case, Matt Cooper of thought magazine, at Westerford's outside the courtroom, it's my hope to get back to being a national journalist on the other side of the microphone's Cooper said, I hope to go back to time magazine and read in the count of what took place here today in my story. When Cooper was pressy, we responded, but I'm not going to do it here right now. I'm not going to scoop myself today. He confirmed that his source on the leak was deputy chief of staff Carl Roe, one of president Bush's most trusted advisors, and the man credited with Bush's four consecutive campaign victories. The waiver was free, and that freed Cooper to cooperate with the grand jury was signed by Rosa Turner Robert Luskin. Cooper's attorney Richard Sopr was on hand when they passed out photo copies of the waiver reporters. Now, it's got a full transcript of remarks made by the whole bunch. And it's there on our website, read it and weep. It's right there. It's not like there's some big doubt about this. The man needs to be not only fired, he needs to be in jail. Yeah, for treason. Well, we're not going to sure it's a crime because you'd naturally say her name. Right. Give me a break. It's interesting. My, yeah, with Clinton, no question. It's a crime he lied. He lied about a high daddy and that's his, you know, like gay. Right. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm also a couple of things. First off, one for the poll. I don't know his last name. He's the first name is Sean and it's the guy who plays Jack on Roman Grace. I can't imagine he's that's doing much of a stretch of acting. Okay. Do we know who that is? George. I know the actor is, I don't know his name either. He heard a lot of commercials. He's, he's all over the place. Number two, I think that you're right about the Republicans on Raph. Me now because there's not a carpet in this world that's big enough for them to sweep this third on their. Yeah. And there's one main difference between a rack and be at mom. George first knew how to get out of Vietnam. Bye. That's cute. That was good. That was a lot of funnier than that bearer ring bearer. What's that brutal? That was a wonderful question. I can't listen to him wondering, what am I missing here? I mean, I mean, we need that stupid. I'm like an elementary school joke. Yeah. But I do like the voice though. Yeah. He's got a downpack. Sean, I'm going to him. Hi. I'm willing. Great. Who is he? Sean. Sean. I guess he has one for poll. How about the poll? Okay. Okay. Thanks. Fuck. 567. You have John Voluchy animal house. We got you. He's still dead. Oh, yeah. Yeah. British police have made a dramatic breakthrough in a hunt for unenbombers. But for the discovery that the suspects were young brits, not hardened alkita foreigners, has heightened the jitters and raised questions about how Britain prosecutes the war on terror. Police now say, and you know what's not what they're calling the attacks? What are they calling the attack? But we had the 911 attacks in the US and now these are the 777 attacks. Oh, yes. Yeah. We're going to be the first to it. At least now say the 777 attacks could be the first suicide bombings ever in Western Europe. They believe the perpetrators were second generation brits of Pakistani descent aged 18 to 30, 18 to 30. Not good man. Possibly acting with some outside help. Pakistani descent. Baby. A bunch of couple missiles towards a place we know. That's a booger. A name on that of hell. Who's first name begins with old? There's one thing we all understand. About it will be finished until we blow up Pakistan. Are you sure if we could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our truths? But special forces are so tired of jumping through the empluses. We totally need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Now put on needs and nuclear tank. Why don't we stop the seafood and move along Pakistan? I'm going to have a hand. Well, both. Yes, it's actually the big risk in Rapid Police Work where you've creed to the idea that Britain has more to fear from an enemy within than from a shadowy outcome. And we'll cut ourselves abroad. How do you like that? Yeah, Britain is not so worried about that. We'll draw the queen. Oh, that's right. That's broad. Wait till you're this. This is hysterical from the Guardian. A Muslim man hit my, I mean, it's not hysterical, but in a pathetic way. A Muslim man's been beaten to the outside of Corner Shop by a gang of youths who showed an anti-Slamic abuse at him. The Guardian has learned. Come on, rise up, but. For the eight from Pakistan was visiting Britain to see friends and family on Sunday. If not only went to a shop in Nottingham, but by cigarettes and was first called Taliban by the Eastern and Setupon. Nottingham Police described the incident. And here's the part that's hysterical. Nottingham, sure, police described incident as racially aggravated. Not as Islamophobic. And we, angry Muslim groups in surprise and some senior officers. They say it was not connected to a backlash against Muslims following the London bombings, which has seen masks fire bombed and Muslims attacked in the street. Now, we just, uh, racially aggravated. Not Islamophobic. Okay. Whatever that means. What's that? Anybody know what that means? I think he, the ring bear. Yeah. He beat me to it. Yeah. If you wouldn't have told me, I could have played that in listen to what a thousand times. I could have believed it. I doubled over it. That all that was bad. Post-flatic. Yeah. And those are usually pretty good. Usually. The Paul Harvey woke bits. Usually. But nothing's perfect. Okay. Here's the deal. What? Who best fits this after actress and TV or movie role that they don't have to act much for? Slice the lawn is just beating the pants off everybody there. Just kicking their ass. 86. Jack Nicholson and Kufus in a 33. Spencer Tracy, any movie was in 22. Canterraves and Bill and Ted's excellent thing. 18. Tom Cruise and Magnolia 13. Betty Davis and Baby Jane. 11. And I'm a singer. Happy Gilmore 10. Tom Deloise in Fanzo. 6. Bird Reynolds in any movie. 6. Robert Williams in movie. 6. John Ballucci. I love the way he scored. Ballucci. I didn't know he was Italian. John Ballucci. Very good. Good idea. He was. Well, you know second generation. Animal House 2 of Sean Hayes Will and Grace 1. Kevin Cossard in the Intensibles don't have any. And Jeff Gold Blum also scored. That is how he's going to fly on. John Ballucci. Well, I'm sure he's got it spelled wrong, but nevertheless. I understand. He was Italian on. But he was his real name. Was that his real name? I think so. Well, Ballucci's not an Italian name. Why don't you come up with the idea that he was Italian? He's got a vowel on the end of it, doesn't it? Maybe if he would have just had one last vowel movement. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. And hold it. They held a hellire. Yeah. Welcome to Jack in the box. I'm Jack. You know, I'll be happy to fill your order, you know what I mean. Uh, it's like a Jack burger and a large fries. Sorry, Val. We're cleaning the grease fryer. We don't have any french fries today. Okay. They're just giving you a smaller, would-refright. We love chief. Maybe you didn't hear me. And I said, we don't have any f*** fries today. So how about something else? Okay. Then just give me an order of fries. Ah, listen up, pal. Who put the straw and straw berry? They'd you do that's right. They'd sure did. Who put the eighth and eighth for God? They'd you do that's right. They'd sure did. Now listen carefully. Who put the freak in french fries? Uh, there is no freak in french fries. That's what I'm trying to tell you, but breath rate, no freak in french fries. Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down your f***. So you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it. Oh, I have a nice day. I'm a 32 and of course he was pretty much the same character in the shining too. Here he's tiny. Crazy. And that's not for that. You don't think. But nevertheless, not that we don't like him. He's great. He was waiting a few good men. Right? Five easy pieces. There you go. Law time defensive journey for Lionel Tate withdraws from case. That's so ridiculous. Lionel Tate will be relying on a new lawyer as he fights charges that he robbed that pizza delivery man at gunpoint. These are the important things, baby. Pull the anchovies. Rourths and then go wash your hands with body wash. Rourths are against your dual-assurist today. Rented request by the offensive to the gym. Lewis to leave the case. Lewis is long representative for a few more. He's a little representative for free. But he tells Newspartner and NBC 6 that his time is being taken up right now with a personal divorce. Uh-oh. The judge will be appointing a public defender for Tate who gathered in the garden. National attention is a 12 year old for killing a 6 year old playmate in 99. Now 18 and on probationary risk to possibly being sent to prison for life. If found guilty in the robbery of that pizza delivery man. Just because he left off the pepperoni. Now where was it? Was it domino? No, I'm no comment. We love domino. Don't add their great. God is that good craft. And this is just you just wait for the day that this story was coming. A very sad story of you know, it's just a matter of time and I'm sure this is not the first time. Miramar. The fastest growing community. Now was it number two and that list I think was number two in the country. Yeah Miramar is number two. Wow. They actually is. It's the doose. A car hit and killed in Harold newspaper vendor early Thursday morning. I Miramar Parkway police said this morning. Oh, well this is the first time. But I'm just saying. The victim of man in his 30s. But don't admit. It was not identified by police because they haven't identified. No, not a five to family yet. Let's see. This came in a 10. 46. It was about 45 minutes ago. The man was crossing the Westbound lanes of Miramar Parkway about 200. About 200 east of the intersection. I think there's a word left out. All the sun sent. Although it was the yard. Let's say. If he yards fee. And east of the intersection with red road. He was walking south crossing traffic via the media where he sells news paper to get the media. I don't understand this or get to the median. This story by Andrew Ryan. Hey Andy, how about all spell check? A little word check. How about a proof reader? You idiot you quiz. What is this? To get to the median where he sells newspapers when a 2005 or Mustang struck him killing the man instantly. The incident remains under investigation. Police haven't released the name of the person driving the Mustang. And of course, if you're driving a Mustang, you really want your name to be released. It's a hazardous job said Miramar police folksman Bill Robertson of news paper, a vending. And in time we're working here moving traffic. There's always the possibility of an dangerous situation. And it's one of the things that frost my ass. I don't want people bugging me in the middle of the road. You know, right? It's not a point. I know. I mean, it's a, I'm not comparing these people to like the homeless voice crowd, but it's still a hazard. Sure. If I want to get the sun still on you'll be pleased. You know, I canceled the hero finally. Good for you. I think that's an idea. A lot of people ought to be thinking about cancel the hero, just say, to the hero. It's not a real newspaper. It's a piece of crap. And since I'm never there and since nobody I know wants to read it or even unwrap it, why should I be paying for it? Right. And even when I end there, I can read it online just fine. That's right. Don't get your fingers dirty. That's right. Oh, I got a story for you, man. This one. Oh, I'm here. It's an inadvertent version of the, well, I'm just blown away. It's got a picture here too. Of an editorial that appeared in the LA Times. Real Texas boys don't sing soprano. If you're wondering what's happening in America where America's gone off the rails, so to speak, listen to this. All right. Here it is. The new definition of gender coming to you. Also straight from Texas. Real boys don't sing soprano. Boys cannot audition for a soprano or alto roles in that States in Texas. All state choir girls cannot audition for a tender or bass, no matter where their talents lie. That is angry. As a result, 17 year old Michael Rolls, who already is one of the words for his counter-tender, the male parallel to soprano, can't try out in the part where he excels. The rule was made by the Texas Music Educators Association. You would think music teachers would know the counter-tender such as Michael, our widely respected part of classical music and tradition. But then, Texas educators can be a touchy lot on gender issues, and it's even as to he middle schoolers from thinking that gay marriage might be okay. The state boards of education required textbooks to define marriage as the lifelong union between a husband and wife. Apparently, the coast to 50% of Texas marriages in the worst on count. It's true that a shameful aspect, on the history of high pitched male singers, not on the part of the singers, though. In 17th and 18th century Italy, when women were not permitted on stage, the soprano voice to be provided by a castrotto gay. A castrotto, a male castrated boyhood, so his voice would not deepen. A castrotto. And you heard that before you heard that? Of course, they have really good movie about them. The movie, the movie, the movie, Ferenelli, was based on life-long and the most place of your part. That's the movie. Oh, Ferenelli, his real name was Carlo Borski, died in 1782, time for Texas music, to choose to get over it. The organization says the rules prevent youngsters from damaging their voices by singing out of their appropriate ranges. They are right for kids who sing in their natural voices for some girls that center and for some voice, also for a few boys like Michael, it includes the high notes. It's been singing soprano parts as the only boy in his high school's aquapolic choir. Boys will indeed be boys in soprano or bass. We hope Michael goes on to success as a counter-tender and honors his open-minded high school by helping other young singers. His family has been contacted by lawyers eager to file a discrimination suit. Here's the stranger part of the tale. His mother has declined saying she doesn't think lawsuits are the right way to handle this agreement, to which we can only say, Bravo! By the way, yeah, something that's a good movie and it goes into how the church would cast great these young boys against their will and how they will. Very well. Yes. And other boys would sing off key and poorly on purpose so that it wouldn't happen to them. I saw one of those are called forrelli. Was about scotch forrel? That's the reason you used to make those sounds. Like that. That is that it. 5607. That's the sound. 5607. 560. Let's take a look at that award-winning line up today. As a matter of fact, let's give it a line up for 792 since we're so generous to them. I think we got some people on the end. No, I think we got some people on the inside who are like around their payroll. I think we got some moles. I do, but how did we move? Jesus Christ Almighty. I mean, it wasn't bad enough that sounds sent will pull that we like whipped out on. Oh, it's just ignore it. And now we're just everybody. All of our sports there's just raving about all it's going to be such a hoot and it's going to be so great. Jimmy Seffalo and Joe Rose doing the dolphin games. See, these people are saying those things are people who either air personal friends or people who are being, don't appreciate really a fine play by play broadcast or both. I'm sorry, but the idea, like I said before, just because it got to took a lot of sweaty showers with people in Josh Straff. No, that don't make them a play by play guy. Jimmy, hey Jimmy, you're fairie. W2AM, hello. Hi, I'm Kumi, how are you? I'll lady. Oh, my, I can't believe. Last time I had a lady car in the show was a week ago, socus. It was probably me. Probably. How are you? Great. So things. First of all, someone made a very funny comment about Bush possibly firing Carl Roe with like Charlie McCarthy firing Edgar Bergen. Right. It kind of thought that hit them art perfectly. Carl, when you were just died last week, did you know that? No. Yeah, Paul, when she was dead. Oh, yeah, I did hear that. Yes, I did. Oh, yeah. Just a reminder. Yeah, he was ticker. It was too late. Right, that's correct. Yeah, well, having, you know, five year old, I unfortunately know all the character of the next name. Another thing is said, over the week, and I happened upon a television accident and found Rick Fanch has doing a CNN report. Hi, perhently, you report right. Hi, perhently. Well, the funny thing with A, I have no idea why they did this video song. It was very murky. It couldn't be a nun with all the technology. They have people everywhere with regular cameras. Why they did this by video song, but. They're hoping that nobody would recognize him. Very recognizable. Like the music. Yeah, he sure is. And it was, but he's standing in this parking lot. And it was very near the ocean. And there's water in the parking lot. And he said, ladies and gentlemen, you know, when he's very, you know, reckless, voice. Yeah. I'm standing in this parking lot. And I'm ankle-deep in this water. And let me assure you, folks, it's easy to get the golf of Mexico. And he then, down puts his hand into the water, brings it up to his mouth. Rick's his hand, it's a yes, that was salt water. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I see it for a found or what? Oh, my God. Ben, that did it for me. Now I was sure that there was a hurricane out there. Yeah, I'm going to prove it. Thanks for the bad news. I'd like to tell you. See you. Rick, he took a few sanches. Man, he was a whole ass and Miami. And he's a whole ass on CNN where they sent him. They're probably hoping he was getting blown away by the hurricane. He was probably hoping he was getting 18 till noon at QAM. God. to noon at 2 a.m. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harfe. William Maxwell left for work one Friday afternoon, but it was payday, so instead of going home, he stayed out the entire weekend, partying with his friends, and spending his entire paycheck. When William finally appeared at home on Sunday night, he was confronted by his angry wife, and was barized for nearly two hours with a tie-raid befitting his actions. His wife stopped them, and said, how would you like it if you didn't see me for two or three days? He replied that would be fine. Monday went by and William didn't see his wife Tuesday, and Wednesday came and went with the same results. But on Thursday, the swelling went down just enough where he could see her a little bit. Paul Harfe, good day. Okay. Got it? I got it. I don't. Got him with a mouthful, we got George E. and lunch. Big sandwich from how he's. AC sub today. Oh, and Larry said he's sub today, where Scott not being there makes the difference. Check it figures. Now anyway, what was that all about? The swelling went down, he saw our little bit. What is that? I thought for that all right. Okay. Here's Oscar Spaz who says, need your Neil and George. What a pleasure this year you both. I don't look at that. It says, the pollution was, I told you wasn't a tie-in. He did a look at tie-in, his name wasn't a tie-in. You don't know your tie-in, Mr. No, I don't. Are we going to change that on there so I'm burasing to me? Which I didn't think. No, we did not change. This is the blue sheet. I asked him to. I think he left the chat room. Like, Gucci, Gucci, Susan, Luci, now that's his tie-in. Even though she makes me gay. What's that? What's that? What's that? It's a little bit of a hop and error. Yeah. That would be something. The blue sheet was from the same country as you will. Grinner, Albania. And then Oscar says, no, not from Albania. But due to my very mixed roots, Armenian, Greek, Latino, Jew, born in Turkey. Mary, Duay, Southern woman. Always curious, as to who is from where he says. He says George was actually called you George with the G, as you speak better English with many of its daughters than most Americans. Love you guys. It's Oscar. The last Oscar. I knew was Oscar from summer 42. Remember Hermione and Oscar? No, I remember Oscar. I remember Hermione and Oscar. You didn't see the summer 42. No. Oh, well, look at how my tie-in is. You're reversible. It's like, gay, is it? No. Okay. Frank says, I just had a very, very, very, quite the opposite. And this had a scary thought. Suppose we do get the impeachment of W, and he goes on about with the Cheney, Estic, Cheney would be, and who would be in charge after that. I'm not sure who would be the president of the impeachment, president, and I would be Alberto Gonzalez. No, it would not be. It would be the Speaker of the House. I'm pretty sure Dennis Hashtard, that big fat, a cover, a crown. First of all, that kind of impeached both Bush and Cheney. That's not going to happen. Let's suggest our Bush. I mean, Cheney being in there, he could be busy working on them. That's a very important contract, right? That's right. He's got a total of work to do. Keep him in the hall of the way out of our face. Not getting much of response on his pool today, and it leaves me very depressed. If I want to, like, end the week this way. Huh? Two days that we had a pretty good, the memory did over 600 votes on the pool on two days. You're in a shalom, they'll 700, right? 253 right now. I thought it was a good pool. Maybe we just don't have enough good movies on there, and I'm going to try to show up and take some calls. Which actor, actress and TV or movies who didn't have to act much in what role? Slice the lone Rocky has got 91 Jack Nichols and Cook was next 38. Spencer Tracy, any movie he was in 22. Canter Reed has built in Ted's excellent Adventure 21. John Bolushi was Albanian. I would just look at that. He must have just heard, yeah, Eric. He wasn't in the chair when he was busy changing that to spelling. It's a brilliant burrow thing. John Bolushi, animal house 15, no matter what, that his, ethnic background, he still did. Adam Sandler, happy Gilmore 14. Tom Cruise Magnolia 14. Penny Davis, baby Jane, whatever happened, the bad, baby. It's 11. Burrow Reynolds, whatever way he was in was nine. Domed Eloise in Fancy, 8. Robin Williams, Amy will be he was in seven. Sean Hayes from Will and Grace 4. You ever seen Will and Grace? And I'm missing anything? No. It can be funny. It just usually isn't, but it's very gay. Kevin Cost in the Interest of those Jeff Global in the Fly None. You know, what's your, I've never watched, I've never watched, I've never watched, but I see the promos they have all their all the time. Now, maybe you can, I know there's a lot of crap that becomes popular. Joey, what's his name? Joey, whatever his name is. Joey, Joey, have you seen a second of it? Is he funny? Is he interesting? No. Does he look good? No. Does he, he got any talent? I mean, oh, not a great show. Give me a break. That is just a worst piece of swill. I'd rather watch her growing up, showing up, gotty, then then I'd rather be dead than me. I said, don't say something you can't take back. Yeah. Talk to you, the LNCN, with one day lockout. Let's bet a lot of time on this, not. We took a poll, the intermediate poll, if you two did lay them, man, I'm going to tell you, you're interested in hockey on a scale of minus infinity. It's just exactly what we always do. It was almost nothing, almost no, non-existent. But, we'll take 10 seconds. The longest labor battle in the history of professional sports in North America is finally over. The NHL and the Player's Association said yesterday, the tentative deal of a reach depth of the two sides for a month and more than 24, 3 hours in New York. The combination of 10-street days of talks. The process is not quite over. The Player's Reckon File and the owners have to ratify the agreement that has expected sometime next week. We're holding our breath. Not. Both sides expected to improve the deal, pay the way for the NHL to be open for business. The details of the agreement will not be released pending ratification. The game will look, return looking drastically different, both on and off the ice. A vastly different and complicated collective bargaining agreement highlighted by a hard salary cap is given over as their longest air cost certainty. Yeah, the player's reading on the lead down the garden path this time by Bob Goodnoway. No salary cap. Well, surprise. Teams will come back looking vastly different as well. Mass player moving is expected with a high number of free agents on the market as well as several high pay players expecting it but also teams can fit under the cap. On the ice, major rule changes being the exam which will hopefully open up the game create more excitement. Clothing the reduction of the size of gold, equipment along the two line pass and the penalty shoot out to decide the game's during the break of a season which I think is a very, very bad idea, but nevertheless. A way to hear this story. Here's one. Oh, and oh, this thing on the statin drugs. Haven't I been telling you, Dr. Kilmerrog, McCulley, Carlton, whatever his name is. About those statin drugs and I will not take them under way. I'd rather croak from Oya Clark arteries than then take those statin drugs. They'll kill your first. Do they get the last minute? Huh? Do they give you a buzz? No. Yes. Guess who didn't who lied. Well, at least Stonewall the public who's dying now. I don't want to get to. I'll tell you, Bill Rancoy. Oh, yeah. Did you know that he had a bad drug problem? A prescription drug problem for back pain. Hey, old people don't have drug drugs. And what I just said, I heard it back pain. Right. He and Rush are going to have to get the nose ret wing of halls in the water. William Rancoy's name Rush had a real serious head of going to get treatment for that. Not for his back pain for his addiction. I just mentioned that. Of course now he's like, and they keep showing him shuffling along. And he's like, one breath away from this. Yeah, and everyone wants to know while he blurt's out. I'm dying out the hair. But, uh, oh, well, he stepped down and he fell down. Not stepped down. So that means there's two big openings there on the Supreme Court, which I've everybody beg you, please think about this during the November election last year. Think about this. You want these right wing lunatics. These Bible thumping no more dancing crowd. The flat earth society. You want them putting more people for life on the Supreme Court. And you went, but what does that have to do with the runaway bride? Yeah, for quantum obey interrogators. The great and abused the key prisoner, but didn't torture him when they told him he was gay. Gave forced into dance with another man and made him wear a bride and perform dog tricks. Military investigators said to yesterday, all correct tricks. We'll get to it. Okay. The general who had Southern command responsible for the jail for foreign terrorism suspects at the US Naval Macyd Glantonomal, which understand his a tropical paradise. Also, stating reject this investigators recommendations to punish a former commander of the prison. A military report presented before the Senate Armed Services Committee stated a Saudi man described as the 20th hijacker, slated and participated in the 911 attack son of America, was forced by interrogators in late 2002 to wear a bra and had women's song underwear placed on his head. US interrogators also told him he was a homosexual forced him to dance with a male interrogator told him his mother and sister were horrors forced him to wear a leash and perform dog tricks. Menistim with a dog and regularly subjected him to interrogations up to 20 hours a day for about two months. Air Force Lieutenant General Randall Schmidt, who headed the program to FBI accounts of abusive Gitmo, presented by Defense Department personnel, concluded that the man was subjected to abusive and degrading treatment through the cumulative effective creative persistent and lengthy interpretations that he techniques were authorized by the Pentagon he said. As the bottom line though, we found no torture. The tension and interrogation operations were safe secure and humanagements said. The Pentagon identified the man as Mohamed Al Khatani and said he ultimately provided extremely valuable intelligence. He admitted to being the 25th Jackar and he expected to fly on the 911 airline's Flight 93 which crash in Pennsylvania. Air Force Lieutenant Republican Senator John McCain, himself abused by the North Vietnamese as a Vietnam POW, said, who made treatment might be in the eye to be holed. Senator James Inhoff and Oklahoma Republican said, here is in suspects, are not to be coddled. What damage are we doing to our war if we are operating these relatively modern, predominantly minor infections before the press and the world again again again while our soldiers rest their lives daily and give an emergency by the enemy in Haft said. Army General, they would be almost like if we were killing innocent people in Iraq, you know, behaving like the enemy. Who would do such a thing? Army General, Bans Kretak had a Southern command rejected the recommendation by Schmitt and fellow investigator. Army Brigadier General John Furlow, that Army Major General Jeffrey Miller, Jiel Commander at the time, he had managed to reframing the monitor and limit that prison interrogation. He had said the interrogation in result in any violation of U.S. law or policy and thus there's nothing for which they're not accountable, but as the Army Inspector General's office still look into it. Miller who have to introduce Guantanamo-style questioning methods in Iraq, Abu Ghara, I headed the 2003 abuse scandal in the prisonier Baghdad, would have been the highest ranking officer of Punish and Connection with the detainee abuse. So you know, a lot of punish the higher officer's all the quizlings, the, you know, the rat gofers. The report urged Punishment of an Amy Luten Commander who wore a mask and was dubbed Mr. X. For breaking military law by making death threats to another high-value detainee and telling him he would die on Christians, sovereign American soil. The report followed the female interrogator who smeared fake menstrual blood on a prisoner who had spitting her face, but said it was part of an authorized and authorized interrogation technique. It also followed interrogators over two unauthorized techniques, wrapping duct tape around the mouth and head of a chanting detainee and chanting detainees to the floor. McCain said, I hold no brief for the prisoners. I do hold a brief and reputation of the USA as to adhere to certain standards of treatment of people no matter how evil or terrible they might be. The investigation announced in January followed a release by the ACLU of FBI documents obtained out of the Freedom Information Act. The documents described prisoner shackled hand and foot in a fetal position on the floor for 18 to 24 hours and left to urinate and defigate on themselves. Other side military interrogators had used torture techniques. Not the USA, but also stuff like that. Okay, we're the good guys. We're not evil barbarians. What a tough report. We are full of those of those who are fully united by 60. Some way. I'd like to relax by having very diagonal and massage my balls while listening to the mirror Rogers welcoming our group in K.A. And now another tale from the cell phone of D.J. Jamie. Today, Dick Diles celebrity biographer, Kitty Kelly. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Kitty Kelly please. Thinking. I have a excuse. It's Dick Jamie. Can I spread of the United States of America? How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is something that can help you with? Yes. It's just that a book is something out next week that you wrote. Frankly, we question its credibility and wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry, I'm not fricking. If you just ask, you're not to use a crook book. I'm still after the election. Yes. After George Bush gets reelected. Pringolene wants. We won't care then. Why don't I want to do that? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why don't you go to the US? Why are you raising one of these telepacients to consult their doctor or pharmacist if they're pregnant or breastfeeding? Have thyroid problems? Do you have more alcoholic drinks a day? Or are taking other cholesterol-oriented medications such as fibrates or niacin? Other risk factors include taking medications or natural health products because drug interactions are possible having any past problems with muscle pain after taking a step and having kidney or liver problems or diabetes, having kidney or liver problems or diabetes, undergoing surgery or other tissue injury or doing excessive physical exercise. How do you like that? Stanton, brothers, I'm telling you, what are the ones that are listed here again? Just to be sure. I'd be checking these out when in doubt, lipatore, zo-core, pravacal, mevacore, crash-door. I don't give a crap what Dan Reeves says, okay? I'm sure Josh has seen those spots. Haven't you seen him? He doesn't know what your talk about. He says he saw the ones with George Reeves. Dan Reeves? Who? Huh? Exactly. What you know about sport, which is good. That's what we like to actually know. It was nothing about sports. That's why he's at a Marlon Broadcast. That's right. Speaking of sports, it's a shame to often not heard that promo with Hank. This that was great. Shame to often said in Randy McMichael didn't follow his own advice. To be sure as a rest for a simple matter, we're criminal stress based on Saturday and World Town Georgia, which we talked about on Tuesday, for alleged altercation with his wife Kawana. McMichael was part of a panel that scutted at the annual NFL rookie symposium in Palm Beach, Gardens, June 26th to 9th, in which he was advising a room full of rookies. How do we avoid such situations? How do you like that? Well, if he can't come and speak no more, everything will bring OJ back. According to a source, McMichael was in the NFL substance abuse and alcohol program relating to alcohol before his recent arrest. The status in the program is unknown. Any player with his positive a third time in 17th to wait. Four games suspension. McMichael was recounting a similar episode that occurred in June 2004 when he was arrested and charged the aggravated battery and his then pregnant wife. A second to be a felony that was later dropped. And the headline on the story in a son-cental, dolphins, McMichael, colon, do as I say. Dot, dot, dot, dot. As in what's dot. It was I say not as I do. If the gangstifish, baby, arrived against the fish. If it was you'd change the colors. Maybe the colors I'd be more like the steelers, you know. Only would like prison stripes. I can just see that black and yellow black and gold with prison bar stripes. And that'd be good. All right. Here's a long fact for Mike and Jupiter, my God. Oh, this is amazing. How long this is. I don't know if it's good or not, but they'd length of it just impresses me, Mike. And the facts too. I like it. Loyalistner and former altar boy who eventually read and experiences after realize what a bunch of fairy tale religions are. Hey, Mike, already I like the facts. That's so low. The garbage. Nonsense. Brainwashing. Money grabbing. Hate mongering. That's religion for you. It's just a whole pile of crap. And all you religions dot there that are getting more and more militant and more trying to show it down our throats. Shobha found each other's throats. I'm sure that's going on over the end already. I'd like to recommend a new movie says, Mike. And we some book that hopefully more of the brainwashing man's is a little discover. Oh, yeah, if they won't even look at our website, I'm sure that they're going to go out there and watch movie. But we'll try our best. My apologies if you are George already mentioned or discussed these. No. The movie is called The God Who wasn't There by Brian Fleming. Stealing directly from their website, the Godmovey.com. This describes the movie. Most much of what you enjoy as you're frequently discussed. Your guide to the bizarre world of Christendom is former fundamentalist Brian Fleming, who unfortunately has forged the absurdity of belief and believers. Along the way you'll discover the early founders of Christianity seem wholly unaware of the idea of a human Jesus. The Jesus passed down to Western Gospels, whereas a striking resemblance to other ancient heroes and the figureheads of pagan savior cults. Contemporary Christians are, they have to same story just repeated over and over again through the generations with a virgin birth, all the same trappings. Contemporary Christians are largely ignorant of the origins of their religion. Christianes have set with, as as obsessed with blood and violence now as it was in the first century, fundamentalism is as strong today as it has ever been, with an alarming 44% of Americans believing that Jesus will return to earth with the next 50 years. Oh, right. 44% of Americans believe Jesus is coming back on a motorcycle on a Harley. The book is called The End of Faith by Sam Harris, the website is samheris.org, et cetera, and so on. One of the great quotes from the book is that is a common theme in your rants about religion is this. The kind of intolerance of faith that I'm advocating in my book is not the intolerance that gave us the Gulag, it is conventional intolerance. When people make outlandous films without evidence, we stop listening to them except on that who's a faith. I'm Mark Mene that we can no longer afford to give faith a pass in this way. Bad beliefs have be criticized wherever they appear in our discourse in physics and medicine on matters of ethics and spirituality as well. The present of the United States has claimed that more than one occasion to be in dialogue with God. Now if he said that he was talking to God through his hair dryer, this will precipitate the national emergency. I feel to see how the addition of a hairdryer makes the clean more ludicrous or more offensive. But that's great. Love it. And it only had a hairdryer. Keep up the good work and try to enlighten the ignorant masses thanks to his micens, he'll put her pee and love your website. I'm another one of your listeners who watched the word according to Bush. Only one to describe it outrageous. There's five people watched the world according to Bush on your rages.com. It's all right there, baby. It's all right there. Lies it out for you. Just sit back. Click on it and watch it. And listen to it in weep. Oh no, we don't have time for that. We're too busy applying golf. Oh, good. Five six. And we're going to get some more movies on this pool. We're not going to make it even the 500 votes by two of the time. Do you think? No, we'll take that one. We got two ninety seven. The votes are pouring in on this pool like one by each. WKOM. Hello. Hey Neil. It's going on. It's great to have you back. Yes it is. This actually took more to Georgia though. The other day you started mine. How a little kid. They're always screaming in the movies and everything. I ended up going to the movies last night and all of here. Wow. Oh, don't mind me. All day. And I turn around and I see two people and it's more and Gary and move on. Don't go. That was great. Don't go. KOM has passed out. What are overgrown children? They're just kids at heart. You know. Did you get a nice sleep last night? Maybe we're tossing and turning all night. Like Bobby Lewis. I probably should have queued that up again. I'm playing that thought that was kind of qt of the day. But I don't know what I do with it. I do with it. Oh, uh huh. Do do do do do do do do do. That's not how it goes at all. It's not even close. I'm doing the backups. I didn't sleep at all. Come on. I got it here somewhere. I think that would be very appropriate. It looks like I'm really doing a hell of a lot of works. Since you're only on two days a week after pretending that you're really working your ass off. Well, I did listen to those two. How poor. I mean, it's nice to run this day to the bottom. I don't hear anything. I'm gonna use it. Oh, let's do it. Thanks, Bobby. That's a medley of his match. Although he also had one call. What was his other hit, Bobby Lewis? Do the fish. Let me look at him. You don't have to look at him. I got the book right here. Only ways for my pounds. I mean, anybody that would tell me that John Ballushi was a tie in man. You'd better get to Italy real quick. You don't know anything about it. I'll be right back. Maybe you had some pasta once in your life. Uh, where am I looking at? Bobby Lewis. I don't know how you spell it with an O. There's Jerry Lewis, rock a buyer. Baby with a Dixie melody. Remember that O. I was really bad. Bobby Lewis, one track mine was his other original hit. I don't remember that at all. But toss it and turn was number one for seven weeks. How do you like that? Wow. I couldn't sleep at all, man. You also have tight that as an iron ice-cold, Brian. You. Yeah. I'm going to go to the court door doors. Just a moment. I'd like this when you go to Italy. But you're crazy. Oh, yeah. Do what you're doing. Hey, baby, don't go, man. You can't leave it right away. Just keep it going to the door. Just go. I don't know. Just a moment that the door doors are going to go to the door doors. Just a moment. I think you're really wicked. You can just go into the house and install it in the kitchen. Baby, don't worry. Let's try it once, too. Trace the furniture. You're being the door to the door to the door door door door door door door door. It's a moment, man. When I do try it, also, I'll try it. I'll try it. I'll try it. I'll try it. I'll try it. Baby, don't go in. We take me out of the house. I'll try it. I'll try it. I'll try it. Pick it. Go on... Stay... Boil the door. Go on. Go on. What's this? Do you have a door door door door? I don't know what to call him about. I never said, no, no, no, no, no. I just don't. I don't know what to call him. I don't know what to call him. But 19, the moment will be long. I never did give the line of good. Well, it's because I was too busy getting ready to do it. You're one for $7.90. We've got more Howard David at a two mad dog is doing a show in Cleveland this week from 4 to 6 to 3. And I asked him, how far's that all about? And he went, what do we look like that? Sports. Marlins are a deck 6, 30. Marlins at the Philadelphia Phyllis at 7.05. Followed by the 80 K-show. That's our line of today. Looks like to me, this is the first day in a long time that we've had all the irregular people on. And even some of the irregularers are on the same day. Isn't it? It is. Yeah, because like on, well, I guess maybe on Monday. Well, that's right. I'm talking about including me. Isn't it? Looks like it. Okay. Go double-check it. Okay, let's take a few of these calls so we can expand that polling and get ourselves up to like 20,000 votes to make it. Make this feel like we got somebody listening. How many QA and hello? Not there, see? QA and hello. Same deal, how you doing? Okay. And I got one for your poll. Okay. It's James Con and the guy's father. And the reason I saved is, is like 15 years ago, my father was in all the same age as me. And he did some work for James Con. Somehow we were invited to his branch for the weekend. And I was like, excuse me this time. And we got to that branch. They looked like the scene and the guy's father, the cello, the guy killed. I mean, he was like 15, 20 security people in that branch that stood all around. And I'll tell you, it was like a real scary weekend for me as a child. I just didn't believe it. I'm serious. It was scary. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. I guess I guess can't be baited on him. I'll listen to the liver for you. You think I'm a starting question? Exactly. They shot Sonny on the cause. He's dead. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. What was that? That was Sonny getting shot on the cause. Was it really? Yeah. Still going. I lost the way that the tool taker just kind of like bent down. And he just needed to see it. Yeah. But it didn't seem to be no more. If you're in a gangster movie and somebody ducks behind something, Yeah. You better move right fast. Exactly. Florid. WQA and hello. Anyhow. Grr. First of all, thank you. I did one of the documentary. I wanted to see you. Like you. There's number six. Let's say we're building this audience one day right at the time. I love the. You're doing some funny. How are they? The lily is sending this call. The metal call you are with the word like like he's a hero. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. For your follow, we can forget that really pretty performance right. So if you're comfortable, I'm going to go follow the three. Yeah. I think that's perfect. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, anyway. And don't spend it all in one place. See you. So if you're a couple, I'm going to go follow the three. Got it. Got it. That. Go to QAM. Hello. Good night. You're going to go with your. You're going to go with your. You're going to go with your. You're going to go with your. No. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Get what? Boy. Doc. Okay. That was great. When? Wow. That was really profound. He was sitting there with his a boyfriend. A little dittle job there before we put him on here. WM. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Green. Listen. I know you mentioned in the past. Tim Wharton's doughnut. Is that correct? Yes, sir. Okay. I was reading restaurant. I was just last week coming home on a plane from a trip and they were bought by the A&W group and they're going to their franchise and the fake young foods put pizza hype and taco bell and long john servers together in some of the very group. We're not going to go in across the country with Tim Wharton. Excellent. Take care, pal. They may be a big ol' Zayn. Okay. They've got me go's a Tim Wharton. You know, I was thinking about that that hockey business in Tainell was hockey clips and a hockey shows and I thought to myself really one of the great miracles in the history of the human race is the fact this show is still on a year. Thanks a lot, Rimmer. Are you willing to take you? Not job. Now we won't hear from him no more. Thank goodness. We don't have those. They can picture on the anymore. They can picture. His governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is being paid a million dollars a year as they consulted with company that publishes fitness magazines. A deal critic says he's serious conflict of interest for the former bodybuilding champion. How do you like that? The payments revealed yesterday in five things with the US SEC are from American media operations. They have some city or a re-evolved company that publishes magazines including Flex and Muscle and Fitness. You know the kind of guys who are by Flex and Muscle and Fitness? Yeah, right. Trust me. I don't know it himself. Believe me. People who read like those magazine critic say the contract is a conflict of interest because Schwarzenegger's pay comes from advertising revenue and the magazines offer feature ads about dietary supplements. The governor last year vetoed a bill that would have imposed government regulations on these dietary supplements and I have it to agree with him. Okay, people want to buy a bunch of crack lead. That's fine. And there's a lot of good vitamins too like co-Q 10. Bill Sponsors Senator Jackie Spire, a Democrat called on Schwarzenegger to cut off all ties with the magazines. Whether it's an actual conflict or not, it certainly gives the appearance of being once you said independent political observers agreed saying the contractuality left of judgment by the Republican governor. This is one of the most egregious apparent conflicts of interest that I've seen. This calls into question Arnold judgment as to who he's working for and calls into question. What do you think he owes the public said Larry Noble? Exited director for the Center for Respondent Pugges and Washington DC. Marguida Thompson, the governor's spokeswoman said Schwarzenegger had disclosed all his financial holdings and edited that to deal with the fitness magazines does not represent a conflict of interest. Yadiyada, you know, a portrait of the pair of three. He liked that. He'll do whatever he wants because he's honored. He's the terminator. So if you don't like it, go and try to beat the crap out of him. I'm looking desperately. I just can't find it. I apologize. It wasn't really worth it. Back in a box Arnold. He's another one. What a talented man. What a governor. Okay, speaking of that. The desperate housewives have a little seat. I was thinking about this also. I do a lot of thinking these days. The effort is that when I'm sitting on the throne. I must be a very rare breed although I don't think so. They just they just the network still wanted to admit it because with all the choices you have now with cable or satellite or both. Why do people find them and necessary to get stuck into watching these stupid ass network shows because almost all of them are pathetic. Yeah. The desperate housewives have a little bit of a bit about now because the ABC hit was into the 2004 or five seasons more of a high-stated series on the year. Got 15 knots today this morning as the Academy of TV Arts and Sciences announced the nominations for the 50s. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. I'm not sure if you can see that. The Conservative specifications are this one. When you walk into the city, although you see the ground very carefully, you will have enough data, just do not worry. How successful is reopening the referendum? At 10pm between January and I, The referendum promises that WILL continue to lead. I'm in a great hurry for anumenification meeting, between January and I London or second place, What is with the people on the island? The dead guy comes back to life. I got a wheelchair to suddenly walk. Yeah, and don't forget to keep that girl who reappeared that is nowhere. It's everyone was back. Oh, that's the polar bear. The polar bear? This is a tropical island. Or maybe it's not because it's not just the passenger tour lost. It's everyone who watches the show. No, I believe people have no serious secrets. Everyone is so good looking. Oh, you forgot the fact guy. Oh, yeah. Hey, what if he's the polar bear? Oh, what if the polar bear is a hallucination? Or a flashback of a hallucination. Well, you can show his blankets. I just just lost everyone I know. What is the answer talking about? He could be a hallucination. Or a flashback. You look so cool. I'm the polar bear. My thought maybe he's going to be the ring bear. Our 1232, 28 till 1 and 5, 16, every QM. We got some old man, the more mice. Oh, don't talk about it. It's new. And then mad dog from Cleveland. What does business are doing shows from out of time man? That's got to stop. Spanish broadcasting system, Inc. Say the S today. SBS Inc. It's agreed to work. I just want to cry. And I'm sure a lot of people live in South Florida and desperate to get out. I feel the same way. Where does it stop already? The Saint Mary's River. SBS said yesterday, it's agreed to work. My name is based television station for $37. I have $1 million. It's first for a way into the TV market. SBS is acquisition of WDLP TV. Another television asset serving South Florida from Dr. William Dela Pena. Watch it. I didn't watch it. Is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, penning approval by the Anxious the obnoxious discussing and dictatorial FCNC. The company said intense to fund the acquisition and his TV venture from cash on hand and free cash flow from operations. For good and tales of the viewer not to disclose. My name is the nation's second largest Hispanic TV revenue market with $130 million. A 130 million in Hispanic TV advertising expenditures in 2004 projected to grow to over 140 million this year, SBS said a news release. The Spanish language media universe of South Florida, our home market presents a unique and logical entry point for our debut in television, said Rao Alacone, President and CEO of SBS. WDLP TV reaches about one and a half million households in the Army for Lotto Dela area using over the year, cable and satellite distribution. Among the shows that runs are the variety show. They total, they total unpoco a little bit of everything. Talk shows in programs dealing with news and current events. They total unpoco. Andy Obama. After a penny sales completed this, BSA is an all-enopera 20 radio stations in New York, LA, Miami, Chicago, San Francisco and Puerto Rico. They also operate La Musica.com, a bilingual online site, providing content related to Latin music entertainment news and culture. Shares of Miami-based SBS fail 8% or 8% rather, a point more 8% to 9.89 and after the announcement. They fail. Are you kidding us? They total up out. And there's that Christiane Alman poor bitch. They expected it to be printed like many other terrorist sites, including 9.11, where the terrorists were far and far and far and far and far and far and far and far and far. They Christiane Alman was that strange looking double bags sitting over there. Better pick it up and take a look inside sweetheart. Oh man, she is just the epitome of what's wrong with the media. She's it for an wolf blitz creek. 560, 560, pound 560, leave a rise in and sing it around this line. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Yeah. How you doing sir? Great. I was a foreigner and if you had a chance to look at the website, I went up a few weeks to go about Ken Jenny. The website about Ken Jenny, that's his what? It's the reference to the crime clearance scandal that he's been gone through for 2 years. Right. Anyway, this is a very excellent comprehensive synopsis of the, how Jenny hasn't lived in several options that came into the first issue and it's a very good website with the online petition for removal. What's your website? What is it? It's www.browachirocorruption.com. It's very intellectual professional website and they're interested in information that came to the whole issue. Okay. Well, when in doubt, it is asked out. Thank you. Ken Jenny, the positive. Get them out of the BS. Oh, hey, what a piece of turn here. So we had some sheriff's about from Nick de Verra and stack all of these people. Just the same old trash garbage. 5x, Ken. Go above your bald spot and say how do you grow for him to Charlie Chris. You're fair on the way up. Some customers say wild horses couldn't drag them to the table at a New Zealand restaurant. That's offering a charge, oh, this is great. Offering a charg wheeled horse meat, this called Mr. Ed is dead. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. True story. Restaurant owner David Curse, say yesterday that he received a lot of complaints in abusive phone calls after he started serving horse stakes at his Edoly and Hamilton North Ireland, New Zealand as part of an annual event, which restaurant tourists compete to offer the best out of the ordinary culinary flights to diners. The cause were pretty lively and disgusting and not comforting for the staff. Curse said, adding that there was swearing, cursing, horrible language, compelling him to call the police. Nevertheless, some customers couldn't wait to child animal horse appeared on the menu at the weekend. Curse said he sold about 10 horse-stake meals Monday night. Something it's appalling, but others are really interested to give it a go and let know where else they can buy it. He said, leading race horse breeders through Patrick Hogan said he certainly won't be eating horse that's for sure. If there was only a round restaurant in Hamilton that was his, I wouldn't sit at a table said Hogan, who was knighted by Britain's Queen Elizabeth the toothbrush passion for breeding syrup reds. Spokeswoman for the international league for protection horses, Sand Rush Sheer said although she would not be eating horse flesh, she was not offended. Horse me the person imported Salamis and is often used in pet food in New Zealand. And ported Salamis, I'm not going to be in no more. Well, the National convener of judges for the Monteeth's Wild Food Challenge Kerry Tyx said putting horse on a menu is different. So long as they meet health and safety issues, I have no problem with he said adding that those offended will stay away. Those interested will try it. Mr. Ed is dead. What's that thought we got a Mr. Ed? We have a Mr. Ed phone scan. Oh. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm Mr. Ed. I'm Mr. Ed. Yes, Mr. Ed. This is Aes hardware. Hello. I'm Mr. Ed. Is Aes hardware? Did you need to speak to someone? Hello. Yes, yes, I hear you sir. Hello. I'm Mr. Ed. Okay, Mr. Ed. Listen to me for a minute. My name is Bill. This is Aes hardware. Hello. Hello. Sir. So we're going to have to call that. I'm Mr. Ed. Yeah, I understand I'm a dead. We're going to call bags on a bad connection. Okay, Mr. Ed. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. So what do we have to do? I mean, but bad. Something that I like to talk about. Yeah, I'm an essence. I mean, most of those bits have got like, you know, a real person. I see Brad Pitt and I look him up. Did you look him up? He didn't Google it. No. Yeah, I Google that, but he's made a million movies. I don't know what movie he was wearing blonde hair. I'll find it during the break. I'll take a look. Okay. Just think about mine because he had the worst phone he had for an accident. I mean, just embarrassing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. I'm just going to tell you what he's doing. He's right. Oh, he's a little more. Do you know what they say? I'll see him, Bob. I don't know if I can go in for the basement with that setup call. See you. And frankly, I don't see you. Maybe I'll fire you. Why? You will have to go now. Just calm down. Will you? How's this wall look over here? What wall? This wall here. There's nothing on it. It's nice and smooth. I got it. You want to put your fist in the wall, huh? Not got that wall right. You're right. You're right. Right through the walls. Yeah. The beers I did another dinner. The dinner is from time to time. Stay, say, much. And now, how do I get out? Get out of here. Hello. They're right. Put a grab and go to the door. Not there. No. Just go in there. Hello. Is that a box there? My name? Anybody. I'm not a wall. I'm going to be here to put my pillow. I'll put the rest of the sauce for gummy. Right. I don't have a dmg. Somebody tried to help me. Have you seen Greg? Good. I'm going to walk. I'm here somewhere. In the wall. You like the very cream cream? I sure. I love the more you can do. I'm going to put my pillow. There's a little girl here. Hello. Little girl. Now, cut that out. Somebody please let me out. Oh, no. I don't even need to cut my pillow. It's a bit too much. See you, Mom. Oh, yeah. There's everybody out there to do. Can you possibly let me out? Yeah. Yeah. But I don't want to write your signature. Yeah. If any of you decide to say, I'll tell you what. I won't fire you. Okay. How about I see that payroll is processed in a timely manner? Promise? You'll have my word on that. Really? You do. Hello. Yeah. 12. 45. Him and Carl Rove. Man, it'll look like you look. Greg. Greg, stay in a wall. Okay. We're going to hear this. All right. I'll before we do that. Brad Pitt, the movie was seven years into bed. Okay. I'd never saw that. Where you've played the Austrian mountain climber and did a very bad European accent with his blonde hair. Just unbelievable. Speaking of Brad Pitt, he got men in dryness. I think Angelina spent too much time down in an investment and picked up us and advanced stuff to work at him. Sure. Film star Brad Pitt was released yesterday from an LA hospital where he had been a minute for a flu-like illness that turned out to be viral men in dryness. Oh my God. He was home yesterday afternoon after his discharge. Oh, God. I sure hope he didn't have an oily discharge. And we're doing well. The partnership said. Yeah. No. Now, here's the story. Speaking of that good old-time religion. And after seeing this documentary last night about that guru, Baba, Baba, whatever his name was in India. And the fact that these people didn't, they, they, they, number one, one guy, this Jewish guy. He didn't want to believe no matter what they said. Because they showed a clip of this guru in front of his thousands of followers there with one of his big performances praising this guy who's obviously one of his big funders, you know? And, uh, oh, and the guy was in tears and it was the greatest moment of his life. And no matter what they tell to these people about him, they're saying it goes to show you that when people are brainwashed to this degree, that only the greatest amount of the programming if then can like release their mind again if that. If that like I said, if then. And in the case of these particular two guys they showed on it, hopeless. I mean, one guy is saying a lot of care fees have had a file of easy child molester. Uh, I still believe in them. No, okay. Like those little jackasses, there's a little quizlings out there with no life where, you know, doing a Michael Jackson routine outside the courthouse and outside Neverland. I have no life. One of the suicide bombers who struck in London was probably recruited when he attended a religious school and Pakistan with strong links to Volkata and it's southeast Asian offshoot, Jared Jemaya Islamia, the Statsman says, a religious school and Pakistan. Security sources and Pakistan are investigating a tip of that she's had a ton of weird, attended a religious school run by the terrorist group, lockstar and tie a tie by LED during a reason this is that country. The group's founder is publicly stated that he believes suicide bombing would be the best form of Jehaid holy war. How do you like that? Religious schools all need to be shut down immediately. Let's pass a law right now shut them down. Stop the rain washing now. And again, you know, you can't discriminate so it's got to be all religion shut them all down. All the fairy tales. Sure. It's really all you have to do is prove what you're spewing or you get shut down. Now look at this, Elmer says the Brad Pitt will be talking about was the Devil's own and that's not what I was talking about. So he had a terrible fake Irish accent. I went pressively the worst I've ever heard on film. That was a different one, I think. Also watched the world acclaimed a bush on your site and let me say, Norma Mela for President. And Marty fell in the American Stein. That's super full. I can't even talk about that before. And I think he's got a good point. He didn't have to act. He just was a real eye pop out for me. I pop out. Yeah. And he's a striking Stein. There's a long walk for the fall. They don't like it for the day. I can tell live. I thought it was different. They haven't done it before, which doesn't make it good. But I just thought about people who just, you know, they just show up and they don't have to do much because that's them. Tieder than 57 votes and nobody's going to catch slice the loan. He's got 100 loaves, got 30 of the votes. Sorry we had the other day about to run away a Hungarian speaking parrot. Right. Got some good news. Winfield and the Anna. Probably we did want a cracker. Oh wait, but this isn't the right story. Uh oh. I thought this was a follow up. I'm always following a funny follow-up story to the ones that we have. This is a different damn bird. Oh geez. Tally we needed one a cracker. Sydney, missing three-year-old McCaw and Winfield and the Anna's back home with her owners. Thanks to the help of crackers and friendly neighbors. Michael Toth and Erica Westby. Those sound like the names don't they? Yeah. Owners of the bright blue gold and green parrot. Yeah. That's a nice story. Like it in their neighborhood in North West Indiana with flies after their pet disappeared July 3rd. Five days later, Tina and Clay Putnam spotted a bird outside their home. Okay. What are they? What's the the omniscient Indiana? Uh oh, one of those names. Tossed it. Everybody in either. Either putnam or hosted. Right. So anyway five days later, Tina and Clay Putnam spotted a bird outside their home. My husband climbed the railing and fed the bird townhouse crackers. Tina Putnam told the times of Munster. Maybe some Munster cheese were ignored either. We didn't try to catch her. We just better until Michael got to the house. When she flew to the coop, Sydney was attacked by other birds. They peed some from members of a work crew who tried to lure her from a tree. Oh, she ate peed some. What if that was the one that had the antibodies that long was pissed of it and get? Still, Westby said the $200 pair wasn't hurt during her adventure, but she's a pretty tired bird. She said. Oh, it's nothing worse than when your bird gets real tired. Yeah, heard that. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. And then the pound, five, six, six on the average and singular robbers' lines. WKUAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And Joe Rose. This is gross. Can you play me something with Rick Weaver and Hank O'Burg? Because I'm just, I'm pissed off about this and enclosing. And the movie took a few more. What was that? I was open to you to tell me. It was pretty weak, is what it was. Pretty weak, dummy. I don't have that. That's a cart. Two of you'll have to feed that down the fin. I, you know. I was right. All right, all right. Yeah. Well, that's because we had to get rid of those carts, you know. The fans think I need to blow the blow, the, uh, a foody place election. He's funny right out of the jocks strap. And he is on clear streets, right now. Well, I said it. They don't make him like Rick Weaver. I'll tell you that. And what ever happened to us speaking of that? And the midst of all this business about Jimmy's syphilis, whatever happened to our group close personal friend that builds in for that cut screw over. I mean, that didn't do the games. No, no, no. What do you mean what happened to him? Just why I said, what does he do in these days? That's he asked. Yeah, I don't know. And we don't know. I thought maybe Josh might know. Josh didn't even know who the help builds in for is. What's the need doing FIUs play by play? Is that what he's doing? He was. I'm so sorry that I asked. This is a kind of like reminds me of the old I atollum. Remember the original I had not the original, but the earlier I atollum. The 70s. I told a hominy, hominy, I told a hominy who croaked in the Cascin almost under the helicopter. The body may lose the animan strapped to a gritty. Fell from the back of a pickup truck in Dallas today. I was South Dallas highway and the path of incoming, uncoming traffic. I didn't think it was possible for that to happen. So I said Mary Ellen Douglas was driving to work when she saw what she initially thought was a package that had fallen from a truck. Oh, there's nothing worse than when you drop your package from your truck. It's like the sort of bird story. I wanted to get out of there was two freaky for me. She said in the story of Wednesday's edition of the Allis Morning News. 30 said the driver was carrying the body to a tree for the wizzie and a funeral home after the mandate Monday at A Miscuit Hospital. The driver of the truck was not aware that he had lost the body. Now let's police it's in the Rick Andrew said he saw the open doors. stopped and looked, he turned around, went back, retraced his steps and found the body. The driver's swirled to avoid the corpse and gurney. He's got much police in your corporal, maximum urine said no charges he's going to be flotter. Oh, brother. Then, because I think they swirled because that would have been like ending insult to injury wouldn't it? Yeah, I hate it when that happens. 560560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WCQAM, hello. Don't even you will, bro. I am Mr. Red. He died too, didn't he? What was his name from Mr. Red? Oh, I don't know. Oh, yeah, you do. All in you. Okay, right? I'll take your word for him. But, brother. I'm here. All in you, on he's dead. WQAM, hello. Hello, hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. Yeah. Boring. WQAM, hello. No. He's slipping down the ladder on my list, sir. I want to congratulate you for being there instead of here. Yes, thank you. And I'm sorry. If I wasn't such a slipper, I wouldn't be here. I got the winner for your poll today. Okay. Courtney loves in the people versus Larry Slint. Yeah, she played a slide. Yeah. That was a real stretch. Yeah, exactly. And a drug addict loser. Stretched about a tenth of an inch. Exactly. Good choice. Thank you. And a closing Robert Creeper is the antichrist. Oh, I knew there was some reason he kept hanging around. This is the longest departure in the history of broadcasting. Okay, but this is about 800 years. And I've never seen anybody who's been leaving so long. I'm leaving now. I'm leaving OK, Robert. We'll pack you a salami sandwich. Okay, kosher. I'm leaving. He'll never leave. He'll be there to the day bank. They're going to have to like extract him from that building. He'll never leave. He's like part of the woodwork. And that maybe part of the reason is he knows where all the bodies are buried. He's got the keys to the kingdom. There's the only person in the building who's like a flunky who's got the keys to every orifice. I mean, he's got the keys to rings orifice. If he keeps my drift. Are you drifting? Here's what we got so far. I'm drifting off. I think maybe you ought to do the one and two are. Or I, or what? Well, what? Where is that thing? I think I've lost those. I'll put it on this. Huh? This isn't that this will happen, doing. But I can't find what I do with that damn disc. Oh, if I lost that, that's like the end of my life. Where is it, Volga? Oh, here it is. Wow, thank goodness for that. If I lose that, that's the end of the show. That's one of the greatest, and what's this thing? I couldn't sleep at all. Oh, he he. He's still in there. Bobby Lewis is still crossing and turn. I'll be there. Let's drop his ass on the highway and see how far it rules. OK, let's see if this, uh, there you go. And then, of course, there's always the ever property judge court is doing. Wait, wait. Oh, just like what was it? I see about a little bit of going. I was, uh, I kind of like, uh, those in favor of the name that we'll say. I. I don't know as opposed to no. You're thinking, you're the nose of it. I think there's some good stuff on there. I'm going, Brian. You're simple than you crazy person. Old chicken egg. 12 or 15. So there's him, Clancy from CNN International who's now doing this stuff in the middle of the Lake Hussein and it's making cutbacks. So they're like, uh, they're, they're, they're piggybacking. It's just shocking to me, you know? I'll let nobody cares because nobody's watching anyway under the edge of 100. And rightfully so that's good. All you young people out there don't ever watch CNN. It'll poison your brain. You'll have to get deep program. In fact, just program or write off your, uh, TV. That's a good idea. Whatever channel is on, just block it out. Win and doubt CNN. Put on the hustler channel and a playboy channel. Anything else you can still get. But block out CNN. All the spat and all. Since we've just needed a hot as one. The touch and I go, though, the half or a little more motion square. Instead, we listen to a new Roger Sparrow and a balance went to two hours. It's Saturday morning, trying. Pulling one gold James O'Reilly said his bully body, Satam Hussein. Oh, well, the fact that this adventures are very rocky and bow wake up. TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV. The United Nations is about to speak. Okay, give it that crystal ball. Ah, whoo! Breaking me, God, up in the wrong side of the bunker. Perhaps a poem will help. Next to Dam's a damn door, one racked out dude. And just like your oil, your snarling and groan. Ah, and most did your say your square of friend. Oh, you mean rocking? Sure, he's over there. It'll be there. It'll be there. Oh, my, rocky. What do you know about this, Sam? Don't test me. Ask my anti-fify, anti-hu. And the aircraft. Ha ha ha! Join us next time for piles well that end as well. Or kiss your guest goodbye. Hey, most, what weather for a cast for today? For me, oh, oh. Here, racking him bow wake. Saturday morning on New Collosia. One or two or five, 60, every QMS, they're big one and two hour. The mole mice will be along a two-med dog from Tiglet at four. And we've got Marla's baseball tonight. Be sure you're out for the stadium. They're not playing there, but we'll keep you off the street. They're infill from the Alph<|sv|>. Marla's there have been little, uh, somebody from the bummer lately. Have an age you are. Yes, they have. It's a double big time in, uh, against the comms. I was really bad. Not a good series. Well, I'd say it was really big given up runs by the bunch hole. And that is the blue jays. If you see their series against Texas, well, they do that every year. They're holy, molded. It is score a few runs, but they give it whatever they score. They give up more. No. They give up mole. And we can give up mole. Or do we know what to do? No, no, no. Now, what is, I don't understand. Just so many things. It's at me and my finally losing it. I got into my twilight years or what. I just, uh, between those three bits. And now this facts was an egor or Igor. That's one of the jokes from the movie. What movie young Frankenstein? Oh, well, like I remember that. Shouldn't you? Oh, my gosh. And I was 700 years ago. He kept calling an egor an egor would correct him to say, that's Igor. Okay. And how about Mickey work for your list and any movie he's in? Well, we've got, huh? We'd have to choose bar fly for that one. Okay. Well, we can go right into that. And we also got off the ship, friends. Why don't you get his rocks off? Yeah. Well, how come every time? What? We can carry rocks. I don't care what you can say. I dumped it. Okay. You crazy? Man, you just say, you say Iraq, but you can't say Iraq. You can say Iraq, you can say Iraq, so I'll answer it. Just stay off Iraq. 291 votes under Paul. Who best fits this? An actor, actress, and a TV movie, a TV or movie role. They didn't have to act much for her. Now, we don't have any TV shows on her, do we? We have anybody for an TV show. Will embrace. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Will embrace that's the only one. Slice alone, Rocky, 114. I mean, there's, there's nobody even the same category. Jack Nicholson, Kukulus, and S47, Tom Volushi, and Animal House 45. He was Italian, you know? Not. Can't agree. He was Bill and Ted Zexland, eventually 38. And I'm a Sandra, happy. Go more, 24. Spencer Tracy, any movie he was in 24. Robin Williams, any movie he was in 20. Tom Delos in Fatso 18, Tom Cruis in Magnolia 16, Bert Reddels, any movie he was in, except Boogie, Night's 13. Maybe Davis, baby, whatever, happy to be. We Jan 13, Sean Hayes and Will and Grace 8. I've never seen that show either. I just don't watch the, the network shows. That's all right, they're not listening much. And it's just an, and believe me, I would. But in fact, I would say after seven o'clock, after we'll afford some, so after seven 30, I know you watch Liberty. I don't. After seven 30, the network's don't even get like a touch for me, not that they really care, but they don't even get a glance. You know what I mean? I don't mean, just too many other things to watch. Marty Feldman, young Frankenstein's got a pair, James Khan and the Godfather II. That call was something. So be a couple of Godfather III's got a pair. Jeff Gordon Blum and the fly too. A kind of looks like it. Courtney Lennon, in fact, when he started changing, you know, the changes were so subtle. Remember the movie? Sure. Yeah, well, he still looks like him. And even after he made the complete metamorphosis, it's still a crack in. One just step on him. Courtney love the people versus Lori Flint won. And Kevin costume the untouchables. Kevin finally got one. Try to do much with it. He finally got one. He's just so boring. So, okay. Just no emotion, no passion, no none. And then again, the bad, bad, phony accent and JFK. Only outdone by Kevin Bacon's bad, bad, phony southern accent, that draw. And also as your passion was terrible in that movie too. That was just a bad movie. Oliver was stoned. That was a really terrible movie. And this one, and that one, and this one did it. But he threw it. I like that word. Your passion was going to be put. But it would put. Just like that. Yeah. And Donald Settlons, sitting with Kevin costume, right there in a park bench, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I thought for sure he was going to go back and whisk a Koome again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you with that down a meaty. Different Koome. 5, 6, you mean, Verizon, singer, or rather. So Blast, but Bickerson died. That was bad, yeah. That was bad. That Frances Langford. WQAM. Hello. And the one got one free of Paul TV. OK. Who's the boss, Tony Dancer? Oh, yeah. But a big city through, through, uh, with vacuumed curtains. By taking, kicking the vacuum up and holding up over and said, and the name on the show is Tony. So with that perfect. There you go. Good choice. All right. Thanks, pal. Tony Dancer. He leaves me with limp. You know, and into, you know, and what's a, huh? Yeah, he's just a dummy. That's all. What's the pun of time? He didn't look too bad many years ago. As long as he kept his mouth shut, what's he started talking about? Now, get him off my screen. You know, get him out of here. Uh, suicide bomber strike, green zone checkpoint. This couldn't be more bad news. Delirante. Person was killed. Five others wounded. We're told here among the five was a third potential suicide bomber. His best in not explode. It was diffused. This, the US military says a sign of success for the Iraqi security forces. They prevented these bombers from getting any closer prevented the casualties from being much higher. Oh, that's good to see that. We got one for today. And the one yesterday when all the soldiers and kids got killed, that was just an aberration. But the one that he goes to show that we're really making some progress, right? Yeah. Good morning. That's good. Good news from Iraq. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. For the poll. Ray Romano. F1. OK. The same. Everybody hates Raymond. Yeah. And one from Renegade with the actors from Renegade. The actor from Renegade? Yeah. And we're the old ADCV show, Corrupt No Rental. Long ago. Yes, he does. Lamas. How about that? I remember Lorenzo. That one. Oh, that one. OK. Thanks, pal. Remember Lorenzo? You hate Lorenzo Lamos? I used to love Lorenzo Lamos. Now he's old and he's, yeah, old me. Yeah. Nothing to appreciate except his terror. I don't care if he has any talent. OK. That's how good he looked for. Was that what he was wrestling that snake? I always bring that up. I don't know what it was. Snake either. Was that it? It was a series of them. Mm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What do you think of it? I think it's almost too fun. 5, 6, and the Verizon singular writer's line. Tell me who I am, hello. Uncle Neo. Yes, sir. I feel disgusting. I told George that yesterday. And I guess I can escape him away. Because he don't know. I feel absolutely disgusting. Actually, just for cake, when on to your web search and starting reading a little bit of the story, I feel like I just stopped the iceberg. I read like two or three of them. I couldn't read any longer. I was sick. I'm sick of my stomach. And you know what, you know, here's something that's really bad. Shortly voted for Bush. So yeah, I repent. Everybody makes mistakes. OK, now we're tracing across. So when you get a little lock on the door three in a morning, if I were, I'd like crawl under the bed and hide because we will come get your ass. That thing's a good deal. Go to it again, Pally. Oh, definitely not. OK, so you can't help yourself. He's brain loss. He's one of your people probably. You're like, you know, you've got some ethnic thing there. See, this is the thing, you know, I can't imagine, I mean, maybe it's possible. But I can't imagine like African Americans in Detroit saying, oh, we made Detroit what it is today. I mean, if they did say that I would say, yeah, you're right. I have to agree with that. And so this business about when a certain segment of the green tooth Cuban community says, oh, we made Miami what it is today. Well, I'm sorry, but as right as you are, I would be bragging about it, you know? You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. Can you imagine black people in Detroit pound it on the chest, say, oh, we made Detroit what it is today. If you ever went to Detroit, seriously, which I pray that you won't need a one of you, anybody, you would just check your head and this man say, what happened here? Was there like a war here or something? Obviously, there was. It makes very rude. It looked like paradise, like almost as tropical, topically, parodicycle as Gitmo. In fact, I'm not sure Gitmo is like his insuptuous of a Detroit. It's a toilet. It's an outdoor septic tank, but nevertheless. Now this story that you send me about thin sand are. OK. The chicken seller and Myanmar, which is, if to me, I'm still Burma to me. When you start getting old and 90% of the countries in the world have different names than the used to have, at that point, you realize you kind of like lost touch. Somewhere along the line, you know, thanks for your advice. What? Because I forgot in what my endmar was and I'm scratching my head all through that story. Burma, thank you. It's like Sri Lanka used to be say, well, I'm a little turd down there. Yeah, I send the video. Yeah, that's right. Anyway, a second seller in Myanmar had always dreamed of being a man, Mar. When she was inexplicably, when she instantly grew a penis last month, the 21 year old tweeted is an awe-inspiring, oh, man. I have the thousands of stendriloges who traveled away from go to the sea. On the morning of the full moon, they had June 21st and noticed my thing, and then it says here in parentheses, sex organ, was not the same as before thin sand. Our hernogo is by the meal name, Fan Sign, told AFP in an interview with his home. It's home. And my breast disappeared. Fan Sign added. So I called out and showed it to all my mom and dad. It was very strange. Yeah, when you're 21, you're showing your private stamaman dad. I would think that is kind of strange. Strangend of that he's attracted significant attention and this deeply superstitious country where the un-span can quickly be exalted into whole powerful spiritual significance. Uga Buga. People privately can see the fan sign as a hermaphrodite. Several medical experts have examined him. He awaits test results from the central women's hospital. But few have come forward. I guess only I got that. But few have come forward. A medical explanation of the transformations they await an official report by the Health Ministry who's experts have also examined Fan Sign. We cannot say right now she's really undergone a sudden gender change. So the township official would have found a name adding that the birth certificate shows that he was born a girl. It can be confirmed. I don't know why this is such a big story. I mean, chicks with, yeah, let's say it's funny because they're making a deal out of it. I see. That's a religious thing. No, that. We confirm we receive the report from the health minister. Although some medical circumstances have shown her to be a true man he had. A real man. A true priest. Her man fordice also known as intersexuals are often born with ambiguous genetalia or have both testicular and overintissue in a single person. Medical doctor, I, that's A, Y, E, I, I, Ladi, I, San Rakhang put in Lainman's terms in local journal. Her penis appeared at the side of her Twitter was to Dr. Wisconsin saying, regardless of the official findings, local villagers and other curious, my and more, our nationals are flocking to the Angiathariah, Ayaya, Ayaya, Ayaya, Ayaya, Pregoda. In his new satellite township 19 kilometers 12 miles from the Angon to see if then sign for themselves and make donations to hammer the temple up to 400 people out of gather with the Pregoda each day, often in the courtyard under colorful umbrellas to ward off the sun's rays waiting for a chance to talk with and touch the inside. As they were their touch in their touch in it. Well, thank God, there's people in America are doing stuff like that like, you know, right. And it's stop lights with reflections of Jesus are on the underpass and overpass with the Virgin Mary. Yeah, that doesn't have been civilized places like America. We're not superstitious. Oh, wait a minute. A fever taken to the Virginia Hospital Center and checked out, checked their last night apparently for tests and observation. We're expecting him to go to that house, although it's not certain that he's going to that house. There's also the possibility here, but we were told from the start today, it was unlikely that the chief was there. There he is. Come back. The chef on very slowly and whispered, one for a team at QA, I'm good luck quick and ask you this question. You know what time you're quite a report? If not remember this number, 8666250444. It's a fact that 80% of quite a report's contain errors that affect your credit score and we all know the problems that come when you have a bad credit score. If you ever try to contest an error that appears in a credit report, you know what a pain that can be. Good luck, quit it, it's here to correct those errors. Good luck, quit it's in-house attorneys. We'll do all the work for you. And there are no set-up fees. Good luck, quit it, what order do you quit a report from the three major credit bureaus? Write the letters of discrepancy is in straightened out any inaccuracies too. So, on somebody else's mistake cost you a high-quitted score. Before you go visit that dealership or call the realtor, do yourself a big favor and call a good-life credit. And right now, the first-end cars will get a 10% discount. Just tell them that Neal-Tority-Decal. Call 4-3-1-86-6-6-2-5-0444. That's 1-866-625-0444 on the wicked web. It's goodlifecredit.com. He said, and nothing have anyone to line up and happen? Or do you get to punch that up? No, because I got so animated again, I knocked it down. What it comes to sports is not easy for you to get a story. Sports for you, but it's not a story. Well, yeah. And up at a start, good morning Americans, it's Paul Harvey, standby for news. A couple had two little boys, Johnny and Jimmy, ages 8 and 10, who were excessively mischievous. The two were always getting into trouble and their parents could be confident that if any mischief occurred in their town, Johnny and Jimmy were involved in some capacity. Their parents were at their withstand as to what to do about their sons' behavior. So they heard that a clergyman in town had been successful in disciplining children in the past. They contacted him and he agreed to give it his best shot. He asked to see the boys individually. So Johnny, the 8-year-old, was sent to meet first with the clergyman, who sat Johnny down and asked him sternly, where is God? Johnny made no response, so the clergyman repeated the question in an even stern or tone. Where is God? Johnny again made no attempt to answer the clergyman raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the voice face, where is God? And at that, Johnny bolted from the room, ran directly home and slammed himself in the closet. His brother Jimmy followed him into the closet and said, well, what happened? Johnny said, we're in big trouble this time. Jimmy, God is missing and they think we did it. Paul Harvey, good day. I see that one I understand is good. Yeah, not great. It's good. Well, at least if you understand it, it's always a good start. Oh, 20 after one at 5, 60, every QA, and a 51 year old man in East Syracuse, New York. Was arrested Wednesday for using his cell phone to take pictures of women's scripts at a Walmart store. Police at a store security camera called Derral Jones, Jr. of Syracuse, taking pictures of a 19 year old woman. Lots of him custody, police discovered Jones had photos of several women stored on his phone. Okay, how do you do that? Jones was charged with unlawful surveillance, being held in jail on $10,000. How do you stick your cell phone under a woman's script? Watch. I'm sorry. I see. Maybe Claire Stomis is doing it for a second. This one last time, December day. Oh, this is bad news now. I don't want to give too much bad news. Water managers are drastically increasing this charges from Lake Okotio, being the St. Lucy Estuary today. Possibly the largest releases in least two decades. The lake in the highest level record in July since 1936 has risen to 16.37 feet above the sea level. High enough to require increased inspections for leaks in the lake's Herbert Hoover Dyke. I don't know Herbert Hoover was a Dyke. I knew Jay Edgar Hoover was a Fag, but I don't know how Herbert Hoover was a Dyke. There you go. Although sensitive to flooding concerns, St. Lucy River advocates said the heavy discharges will cause an environmental catastrophe similar or worse than 1998 when a massive outbreak of face lesions devastated a local economy. That American lesion man, it's a bad one to have. This is probably going to be the catalyst for the total ecological collapse. And I'm just sick about it said beyond a food, chairman of the Rivers Coalition, with all the stresses on the ecosystem from development this will just compound it. Along with a pervasive blue green algae bloom and persistent bacterial contamination, scientists have documented a severe decline in the health of the St. Lucy River its oysters and fish are further decrease in the salinity and clarity of the estuary, or likely to destroy sea grass beds as well, I could have said. Maybe we can send rich scientists there and you can put his hand down on a river and say, oh, this is not salt water. Would that be good? That'd be something. So there's some of the radiological news. Of course that's not a very exciting thing. They always say that. In fact, I would destroy in the global warming. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Nobody cares. Right? Right. You'll start carrying man when a water's up to your armpits, you'll start carrying. Speaking of armpits, this sturion of the man had some of these have had sitting around, but when you're only on twice a week you have to like save him. Save him and save him. Save him. Valentine Nebraska, do you see this sturion? I'm sure I put it on the website. Half-time man loses five hundred and seventy-three pounds and one year did we have that on their drive? Right. Sure we did. How can you figure this story like this? Because it's about probably rushing through. I see. Yeah, and that would be unusual. He's still a mound of a man, but his blue eyes widened with delight as he presses his chest with his fingertips smiles mis<|pl|>lessly and makes the grand announcement. He can feel his ribs. Oh, yeah. And of course, after you feel a little bit, that's the time to eat him. Tchaodown. The Patrick Dool, the small moment his huge headline huge. Then can feel ribs of first in 25 years as they're in line. It's got a picture of him and boy, he is a piece of work. One year ago, Dool made a thousand and seventy-two pounds. But anyway, it's a great movie, Dool, not spelled the same way with what's his name with a mustache? Felt swagger. Dennis Weaver. Not to be confused with Rick Weaver. A year ago, Dool with a thousand and seventy-two pounds. He was so enormous that his bedroom wall had to be cut out to extract him from his home. That's fat. Oh, there's bubble. They're first ready to a lot of the NGOs. They know that this first take the red cross, it got to the line share the money. They know. And so they're on tsunami relief for 4th of UN. Mubba, doing good stuff. Well, of course, our core leader is busy covering up car over and doing vans stuff and busy planning how to kill some more people. Anyway, he was so big as bedroom wall had to be cut out to extract him from his home. Then he was rushed away, South Dakota, hospital and ambulance with extra wide doors and a ramp and winch system that had to be dispatched from Denver. One man more than a half a ton, mind boggling, so two of the grimmerialities of Dool's life. He hadn't left his bedroom in seven months and this is even without her allow getting involved. Remember all those shows you kept doing that was one of his specialities. Yep. And Sally Jesse with her teenage whatever it was. Was that the if she had going? Oh, I forgot. No, boot camp. Every show was about teenage boot camp. Their dangerous were afraid of them sent him off the boot camp straight in the ranch out and she's off the air. So two of the grimmerialities of Dool's life. He had left his bedroom in seven months. He barely been outside in seven years. He couldn't sit up. He couldn't roll over by himself. Yeah, that doesn't have that problem. You're fair. He had heart trouble and diabetes and needed oxygen. Patrick Dool was dying. That was about the only thing he could say. I'm dying on the hands. A photo taken by students shows a pneumatic like figure sprawled helplessly on his stomach. Looking like an inflated balloon like a gigantic tube. Now, it's not enough to being hospitalized for gastric bypass surgery. Dool sits on a love seat that he's the bed is propped up on cement blocks. He still looks like a plus-sized Buddha, but he's less than half the man he used to be. And that is Dr. Say, is amazing progress and the patient agrees. I used to look at the mirror and the start I was looking at the Michelin man. He says, all of a sudden, I look more like a human being. I thought it looked kind of like the filsbury do boy. And I say, oh my God, where did he come from? Dool does a quick inventory of his shrinking yet still massive body. He touches his ribs. He stretches his fingers like fans to see bones and tendons. But real number one is the magic number on the scale. 499 pounds. He punches a flushy arm and triumph. He hasn't been under 502 decades. Dool now goes out almost every day. Walks a tad, a little bit, exercises, and things about all the things he hopes to do someday. Life is infinitely better. He says, how you like that? He weighed a thousand and 72 pounds. And now he's a mirror, a shadow of himself, 499. Huh? About that. Pretty sure I know you have no sympathy for people with eating disorders like that. And usually you're hard like, you know. See the people who have never been fat and they're fat on fat. Never lost anyone to fat at all. 9, 9, 9, 9, here in sensitive. Right. So I'm here in. He has sensitive diet. I mean, I am. So let me tell you about the Brie's Rocky Road. Yes. My couch is so vintage. This is crazy. I've got to see. Vegas. Personnel. I'm going to watch. I'm going to be a sports video by a subject. 2 AM. 5 AM. 5 AM. 5 AM. 5 AM. Job fair on the taxi, Carina, but her driver said real power. You look that mean. So quish it the ring. I could tell if he wasn't a dog. So I acted out my pop shoe raid. And with my arms, the trees I made. No bug speaks English and a mobile. I went down to my, yeah, I'm maybe a judge where the weather is nice. I'm so nice. Of course. I walked into a liquor store. But the guy there's hot real fun. I asked him to pop kind of fortune. Be me just non-tyender. What does that mean? The butter's cooking wish. And I'm more. Oh, boy. That's a concert there, Lee. Oh. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Sticking with smelly. Oh, you can go back and lie, alright. I can't hear him. I can't hear him. I can't hear him. I don't say much as grossly as I say pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're in America now. Stop making me think. You know what I'm speaking English. Come on in. Are you sure? 31 positive, 29, 0, 2 at 5, 60, W, Q, A, A, M, and speaking of that story. I just had a moment to go and speak in the fact that it will be cares about the environment, about global warming. All these other fantastic liberal lies. With a record number of dead seabirds washing up on West Coast beaches from a central California, the British Columbia, marine biologists are raising the alarm about rising ocean temperatures and dwindling typhoon populations. How would that? How about that? Something big is going on out there. It's a Julia Perish and associate professor in the School of Aquatic Fisheries and Sciences at the University of Washington. I'm left with no obvious smoking gun, but birds are a good signal because they feed high up on the food chain. Coastal ocean temperatures are two to five degrees above normal, which may be related to lack of updwelling in which cold-dickened rich water is brought to the surface. Updwelling is fueled by normally winds that sweep out near shore waters and bring cold water to the surface. The process starts the marine food chain, fueling algae and shrimp like crow populations at feed small fish, which then provide a source of food from a variety of sea life from salmon to perceives and marine mammals. On Washington's beaches, birds are bears in May typically find an average of one dead branch, a quamorant every 34 miles of beach. This year, quamorant deaths average one of very intensive a mile according to date gathered by volunteers with a coastal observation and seabird survey team. This is somewhere between five and ten times the highest number of birds we've seen before. She added the lead to express June for years to show a similar trend. In 50 years, this has never happened, said Bill Peterson, an oceanographer with an national oceanic and atmospheric administration in Newport, Oregon. If this continues, we'll have a food chain that is basically in poverty from the very lowest levels. Problems at the bottom of the food chain can also be related to decreases in juvenile salmon populations this summer. How do you like to have a gastric excursion going on out there? But we don't care about that. It's really boring. It's not sexy. It's not exciting. It's not like they're running away, bright, and American idol. And all of that stuff. Baba's going. They're here. He's having a good time. You know what that means though? So that's cold. Yeah. And it's no easier to get a little bit longer there. But we sure miss you about saying that big time badly. badly. That talk that called before that said the admitted that he voted for Bush. Okay. You better go get some confession. Okay from your priest. You better go to the altar and kneel. Get some absolution. They'll go. Yeah. All right. Also another story from my pile. I have for again, I mentioned this is like a week old. But this this should. This portant some really great stuff going to be happening in Americans society very soon. And of course starting October one, that would be a really good time to go out and buy your own taser. Do you see the story about the civilian model? No, it did. Oh yeah. Taser international ink in for Lauderdale. The maker and their busy making all the guns in highly and they're making tasers in for Lauderdale. Oh wonderful place for the man. Do I miss it or what? No. Taser international, the maker of the controversial police dumb guns that cannot grow men flotting to the ground has another market or in their people such as Ruth Siderman. I, Siderman 45, had carried a two shot deranger in her pants pocket until I went off firing a bullet and knew where boot. It's good thing it didn't go into work. So she wasn't seriously hurt but the miss hat rather than the parkman woman left for looking for another way to protect herself. Ruth Siderman, I wonder if she's related to Rich Spider, man you think? Siderman's choice of taser X26C that she bought for $1,000 and wasted armistboarding goods in daily. That was $1. What a five-stop-floor to gun shop selling the new weapons. Well, it's a new fangled thing, you see. In Florida and 42 other states almost anyone can legally buy taser according to company's website. And the weapons are not registered or tracked by the state or federal governments. A splendid idea. Since 1994 the critics, the company, sold the publicly stunned guns with pectus and electric punch as police tasers and would then make critics nervous. And the international is kind of more than a hundred suspects in police custody including Innsau Foda who have died after a taser's zap. Medical examners have been most of the deaths on drugs, not the stun guns. So yeah, it's just the drugs, the roots. None of the failinants in seven-volved citizen tasers even so critics want more tests to ensure the weapons are safe. And the international is called for a unilateral ban on personal tasers. It's folksman in rejection. There's no accountability. You know, oversight to pull other policies just aren't there to protect the public. Protect the public. Screw that. We were angry. We want to knock some people down. Eight states do bar tasers say sales to general public. While Florida law doesn't specifically limit who can buy the weapons, it makes two stipulations. People carrying tasers must have a concealed reference permit which have shoes fell in and people under the age of 21. And state law made it. The kids under 16 can't use a stun gun without adults supervision. Taser international says that test crew, which products are a safe and that the company regulates its own weapons by doing background checks and reprision the cell of weapons to felons, sex offenders, X-cons, terrorist or anyone under 18. Before the introduction of the X-26C, the Scott Taylor is on the base company says it sold 100,000 over models of its weapons to general public. And recent years, Taylor sales key almost entirely on Polries, then last fall the company introduced the ladies of Indian model, a six inch pistol-like gun, small enough to slip into your purse, George. A lot of women that I know will not permit there has been established at the firm's in their house if they have children set them and set them after buying her X-26C. I think this might change their minds. Like the police version, the X-26C uses compressed nitrogen to shoot two barbed darts. The darts say connected to the gun by a hearth in wire stretching 15 feet. Short of the 21-25 full range of the police version. The wire is carried a jolt, powered by a battery in the gun at the last 30 seconds. It's six times longer than the five seconds, I can talk to you about law enforcement models. To give shooters time to escape their attackers. Two stores in Dade, two in Broward and one in Palm Beach County, stock the new model. While Taser International hasn't publicly exposed sales figures, local legalists say few of the new models have been sold. A fact gun, he was attributed to that $1,000 price tag. Wait till they start selling them. I don't know for like 50 bucks, you know, get a hundred bucks. Everybody got it for like two or about. Right, there you go. Everybody in your hurdle have one. When in Dade, Zafemau. And it would seem to me it's only the 14th of July. She got played 10 July, October 1st, right? Right. Because then October 1st. It's like, someone's somebody waved like that and then brooding your whole life. Going to the slumber forever. Here you can just taze around. You know, leveltees, you know, they won't do it again. They might, you know, the fact that that law passed and Florida, or it's a kind of kind of fan-ass governor in legislature that we've got. And then the fact that most of the people supported, you know, somebody takes your park in spot, you know, you don't have to worry about getting charged. Somebody looks at your cross-eye. If somebody, you know, once you're wife, whatever it might be, somebody cuts it in the supermarket. This is probably a crap-away, starting out October 1 and Florida, okay? I think that's how it will place to be. Applied to it. If you kind of work in the summary, it looks to you the sour look on your face. You think they might be a threat to you and your job and your security and your safety. This is probably a crap-away. Sounds like one hell of a deal. What do we got so far in that pool? Not too much. They hate this pool. I'm so sorry. I apologize for refusely. I'm ready to surprise. I thought it was a good concept. Maybe just, I don't know. Did I tell you before they show they don't get it? Well, we were talking about that. Yeah, 4506. We're not even going to make it to 500 by two o'clock. Oh, we don't come now. I'll get to 500 by two. I'm not coming in tomorrow. Who best fits this in actor, actress, and TV, or movie? And a role that they didn't have to act too much for. And about and with. Slice the low and rocky, 126. That's him. John Voluchy, animal house 52. Technical St. Kukusnes 49. Can't or Reeves and Billenthead's excellent adventure. 48. Adam Sandler and Happy Gilmour 20. Spencer Tracy, anyone who was in 25. Tom Delovis and Fatsau 23. Robert Williams, anyone who was in 20. For Reynolds, anyone who was in a separate United 18. Tom Cruis and Magnolia 18. Boy, they hate him now like Poison. I was getting really tired of him. But now, with his whole routine, I was in the publicity stunt. You know, I'm just holding a couch and being the psychology expert. All of a sudden, crap. He just got to hate him like Poison. Hey, Tom. You're fairy. Anyway, you're good. Betty Davis and whatever happened to Baby Jane 13. Sean Hayes will in Grace 9. Courtney love the people versus Larry Flint. Courtney started to make a move. You can smell it. Marty Feldman, young Frankenstein, for 20 Danza, who's the boss 3. Mickey work in Barfly 3. Sophia Copola, the godfather, part 3. Dad. She's got 3. Dad. James Zekhan and the godfather 3. Jeff Gurbwam and the fly to in 10. And the tentacles has won and believe me. We don't want to see it. What it comes to a handstand is, it's real Roger. You're a lot more to be dancing. Coach, where do you advice this season? Let's get it. Sir. Sir. I'm here getting to the minute. And answering your question. You said that I'm going to answer. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Sir. Thomas. On the next intervention. Phot homeowners say a father grip.mond. man. Man.  and nobody. He in help screen. Well then. Only the equipment. He's the only one operating in the subject. An additional cash. In prison. A customer finitized. I can stop collecting any time I want to class the case of denial mom we're checking you into a humble rehab Come on we have the help you by gradually switching you to natural I Hey, yeah, draw sometimes the only cure for a collector sickness in her bed This is ridiculous. I need a drink. I'll pour you one honey. Hey Happy to my shot glass collection dad. We need to talk oh boy Hey I still don't get it so I'm gonna have to send you the movie now. No thanks. It's good movie. It's good and brutal I doubt you'd get through it really yeah, but it doesn't have the third scenes that we had in trains body No, no, Kaka in this movie. It's fun. It's more than that really yeah I'll pass just to keep it later around. It's back. I love movie to get ready in for Josh. Oh 1984 because I died of the book but considering all the stories that we're reading the picture. He'll be really into that Everybody's saying all these are worldly things He'd appreciate it. He's got pubic hair. Oh, that's right. W2AM. Hello. Hey, you know, yes, sir Yeah, what's up on your boat? They have some one of that no one says Jim carry man I mean this has the same freaking actor. I mean the same boy never fricking movie. Yeah It's all like all like physical comedy is horrible. I mean it's pathetic. I mean, it's funny I was like he's been through it Like that, but I mean every time I was talking to you mentioned him because I was thinking about him I saw him on for a second the other day was taking boy's shirt. He kind of like vanished in the thin air Yeah, I mean this guy's like I mean he's one. He's done. I think he's one dramatic movie and that's that eternal sunshine Which was all right. It was no big deal, but I mean yeah everything else he does is is just a quirky Jim carry And I mean, who's what is the time? I mean you're kind of put it and the illegal I thought I was actually a couture. He's pretty much the same thing. There is a really Thinking movie it's a romantic comedy and he's the same I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I'm thinking movie was the operative term right? Okay, I saw a lot, pali. Okay, you got him. I asked him Kuchikuchi Who's starting boy? He sure lost it real fast and then who's the other one? Jim carry oh, yeah, no you didn't forget good Canadian boy Jim carry, but he's right He wore out his welcome with that you know a hole in the lip support a hole in the facial The whole deal. Yes real quick and he sure ain't no Jack Nicholson, you know as far as Batman is concerned 560 50560 it wasn't bad about Jack Nicholson and was a what's his name? Caesar Romero right the Joker A Jim carries good Canadian boy who else we got Tony Mitchell a lot of people I didn't realize we're Canadian Arcane not they should make any difference say it's just that nowadays most people don't want to be called American Like I'm using the Elson for example and Martin short that you hate like poison huh? It's a short thing. Oh, that's it. W2AM hello Good evening. How you doing? I just want to say thank you for the God make you ever in your work. So about that a lot of coin in the bush I watched two parts outstanding All right number seven. Oh, yeah, we're building the viewership and that one I listen to it at a time I'm gonna say it again. I probably shouldn't because I'm sure you're not plugging the hell out of it I'm only ones in Friday and right fully so busy. You know I waste your time Right, I'm one of those people who just likes wasting time because that makes it go by much faster what that video Yeah, I talk about it. Are you plugging it the world according to bush. It's the best documentary I've seen in years you need to watch it. You need to make everybody else watch it You need to send it around ship it around Etcetera Sony or Rogers.com parts one and two. It's a two hour documentary from the BBC Which originally your last October was repeat the last Sunday night on CBC and luckily during channel So if you're gonna just have to find it and the movie too and what really it's just heart breaking I'll not you know not surprising. I'm just naive. It's just real good that we had it probably It's a best thing that ever happened was we had to drop the obedient curtain you want to know why why? Because now we can concentrate on it Oh Josh is gonna have to get up like it four in a morning and work till midnight because I think I'm gonna start sitting like four five six hundred stories every day One of the weekend even though you told me that I was gonna be doing it on the weekend Boy Yeah, I called me hysterically saying that he was getting stories from both of us well not his name I never told you to put him on the weekend you did, but I'm glad you got No, I'll put him on the weekend all right Kaka all right Yeah, I mean, no, I told you one weekend I wasn't gonna be here. Oh, okay for that weekend all right for that particular weekend But you just missed a mystery the thing so in other words he was in a panic because he was getting stories up there We'll let them know he's got a hundred on that there. Oh geez. Well he used to it now And I'm not gonna redo that much because we've lost half of the traffic on our website It's nothing in do with effected the middle of July its holidays And then that's not it and just remember the more important the more stories he post that'll bring more people to news Right it's like a more nude pictures. We would have put up it would bring more people to porno Right absolutely We we got right at the 50% of the people were just using our website to get their jolly's It just they're really seriously desperate. I have no right. So that's that you know Serve this purpose. We did a fine job. We had some real great flesh on there And now we can't do it no more, okay? We really have it to continue. We just can't so now just like that just like a slap in the face You know, oh yeah 50% of the traffic on our go away and of course we already knew that you know you had an old that But all these punks that were on there looking at some naked chick on her reading They they couldn't give her crap less what else is on the the damn poll on the website not a poll the stories any of it So maybe some of those funny sounds the enthusiasm it was funny sound Don't forget boys and girls if you want to make money in this world always a guilty lowest common denominator and in America You'll be right on turn Trump this quote Holy macadam this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God The leader bombed Delta balances his most ambitious charity super concert ever it's one hit one to eight more than 50 bands will take the stage to a money boy When the sale among those scheduled real beer that sees midnight butter and without half-scruggle fast test coming Marinette folks the lights and Tommy to All of each from one hit under a go directly to those who desperately needed like Dr. Google Thomas no leave the pop-up man move like a modern English and Subtrain the end of the waves These one hit wonders wonder where their next wheels coming from and now you can help the programmers some divine Spam ball ball a ball paper like he goes to Hollywood and we go slowly himself sure water And hit wonder like it's about music it's about compassion gets about helping But there are ice find a new refrigerator box to chill in you know Bob yelled off and vinyl We looked together. I think between the two of them. They're crazy and a bit better. Oh Well, we got $25 billion more committed first it was by 2010 now it's by 2015 By the way, you know if you feed starving people right they'll make more I see Well, you don't have to worry about it because they're not gonna be around in 2010 or 2015 So it really doesn't make that much difference all right instead of like educating the people over there Instead of teaching them about about birth control and instead of teaching them about how to prevent disease and about all this Blowny about how they're not gonna like if they have sex with a virgin and not gonna get rid of their HIV and things like that But all we don't want to do that Because that would piss off the right wingers and the Pope and all these other alluded ticks So let's sing some songs that'll do it Yeah, that's gonna do it. We are the world Dear generous come in. Yeah, you're gonna just hang on till we sell some songs and Anyway, it's just stupid crap Here's the fact that says don't know if you see the attention article yet only one phrase comes to mind after reading it You're fairy Also my suggestion for the poll that says Robert Redford all the presidents man Bob Woodward is arguably one of the most boring men ever Walked into New York and Robert Redford I agree is one of the blandest actors ever to make it big and Hollywood I agree let's get that on a Robert Redford all a president's men Perfect casting the lightning required a movie starring Robert Redford Kevin Costor and William hurt would produce catatonic They'll like you wouldn't believe everybody would need their own cheery regarding Robin Williams in 1986 He made a little scene movie called sees the day a Heavy drama based on the solid-bellum novel of the same name was a very heavy depressing movie and Robin Williams left his counting about at home and turned in a superb girl branching performance So we did happen once although it was almost certainly an accident and then it says don't come back to this hell Who I think you mean sit-hole based on the story that follows says Mark I'm all marked just to briefly PSF public Gallaud what about it a CIA agent during Clintons legitimate administration when he had been lynched on the spot He says Oscar would live bottle of talk about time cruis and more and I was talking a time a Yeah, that's popped he needs some pills trust me. Yeah, so anyway. Here's the story that he sent and you have to he's right You have to be careful about the name of this to guy Corraris in Bobway. Oh, that's where all I food is gonna be coming in all of that and I'm only that But that's $25.25. I'm sure that once those great democracies Whether they're getting all that money that they're fair and balanced and elected leaders We'll be distributed and make sure that everybody gets their share right right is In Bobby and quarters deal the man mask waiting is a female athlete court officials said today Sam Okaliso Sithole a crippled jump-run runner who competed as a woman at several international sports events was convicted on charges of impersonation defending the dignity of women athlete who will underestimate his presence on a word that he was a man You're fairie. He was sentenced to four years imprisonment, but six months were suspended. He has suspended a sentence effectively he'll serve three and a half years at a court official in quick we sent goes in Bobby with a case was heard Sithole want to go up mad like original tournament in Botswana in June last year And one five medals that a youth championship in Mauritius He also completed a completed in Javeline and shot put competitions Sithole told recorded his first appearance He had both on here we go again a lot of this going around you know what all right well I got an idea for it once you just go yourself Huh? He told the court of this first appearance he had both female and male organs that he lived as a woman African something a traditional healer a medical examination showed he was just a man just a man He didn't have no Maybe he was one of those, but he didn't have one Oh, road hazard. Yeah, girl car rope is one either one you pick okay anyone that you pick pick the organ and that's him except for the heart part haven't World of Sir 497. Oh, we can make it to 500 That's not a big number, but I and that would impress me with this fool because they obviously hit it like poison What do you got what are you gonna re-referce it we got two minutes? I'm in it in a 50 seven seconds blues party. I'm stuck up. I'm hung up. Why's that? I don't know an ID eight It's just 498. That's pretty great, but yeah, I got poor any eight also. I don't think they understand this pool and And now toward the asset like the Robert Richardson and all the president's been that that's a classic example He's just an incredibly low key coma inducing accurate. That's all I know I never know what the big semis was him 498 still Oh, no don't tell me in a minute and a half we can't get two more votes. We do that would be bad Keep me fresh it again for 99 They're they're pouring in one at a time. This is like the carry votes in Ohio those last couple hours in election night Remember there's various votes were kind of bushes votes were coming into Iowa a virtual barrel and the carries votes were trickling in one at a time But one not a tool I got it you got 500 let's hear it I swear this audience you are what every now and then Okay, let's see what we got here now. I'll see on Tuesday But I see I better take that back. I'll talk to you on Tuesday right because Ken Halpern's gonna say oh you coming in again Oh, I'd be a bit of pick you up That's gonna be the best national memo. He's a great guy. They do a super job But a little bit, you know, you've got to watch your watch your piece and cues when he's listening Man, are you coming to do that no chance? Okay? I was having a coronary if I was like my last legs no no chance And we got most speaking of last legs coming along next the moment the mole my sir You can't complain about his talent and we got the mad dog at doing his show from Cleveland between 4 and 630 Marlon's on deck. It's just 30 tonight followed by the Marlon's and Phil for the off-e-game any K after baseball the night