they back to a toasty twenty eight it'll be real nice you used to it the rest for it by the way the knees pot fans somebody out of ten out of like to give you a knuckle sandwich in just shut you up you know remorinated in like poison for a long many other reasons but the fact he would constantly talk too much while remember he's tried to do the play by playing the same with david straighter he's probably gonna kill at man before the season's half way over panters finally played good game last night i watch quite a bit of it and by the way if there was fourteen thousand they must have been hiding in the toilet but anyway uh... and and you just watch stop talking and there's nothing worse than when a goal is being scored in the in the uh... color guys got up up up up up up in a lot of shop at any so k nobody wants your craft you dumb frog but anyway he is a dumb frog probably when it's teffsy by the gallam you probably got a hose i watch a little bit you watch what little bit of the game last night had to act for a little bit of a nice girl in eight and i watch the game you know and to be honest with you i felt sweet well there you go you know you know what i uh... i had a long day monday decided to be at the state in the foreclark that game monday night went four hours it wasn't over until almost one o'clock in a morning and then i had to go do interviews after the game i got back at a hotel was a little after two and that's that's enough yeah i mean i like the job yesterday yeah i took yesterday off i deserve it well i think i'll take today off name on mad dog i'm the guy with a bad contract around here hey i was trying to figure out he works two hundred and twelve days a year oh is that what it is yeah two twelve out of three sixty five so if you take the weekends out that's a hundred days is two hundred and a half he gets twelve weeks off yeah that's right makes our deals pal and the ones significance how many weeks off do you get i get six weeks and then i get uh... you know the summer time deal for two days a week see i get six weeks yeah that's it well that's it yeah i have a deal with this week plus all these other isolated days that you no no no no no it's kept toward the week they're with ABC uh... those in those out doors my six weeks make you run these slots club then now i will no here is that's part of my vacazers days of scissors count really yep no i i get thirty vacation days i think you are the interesting thing i think he's got managed to be and that's our sales department they get three hundred and sixty five day yeah well that's a different story wow that's just all jakey i have never seen anything like what's going on now it's a uh... disgrace maybe they're working for across the street maybe they're moonlighting over their selling dollar however i don't know but uh... i see across the street it quoted all the time now yeah that's what i heard that the story on the local news channels oh and uh... ojama kuffy said this in cittariel roson crans said that and uh... or dad labacidiel all over the place and they still have no audience they still got a chair maybe nobody's reading newspapers either no they read them they just don't pay me attention which we've known for a long time to let me say it again when sixteen ninety or whatever that the nineteen hundred on the dial the first the fan of southward when on the air very jackass and a herald put it on the front page of the news yeah they had more testies distraught and jambberry i jamb you found a bunch of other silly people on there and he still did it they see how long that lasted if it's kind of the newspapers take the light and try to like a bash or a see i think it's because he would be they hit us like poison well i know that i'm not the popular there and the feeling is mutual who cares the girls he didn't say first came to town i had the audacity to rip them in ass and uh... ever since then they've been trying to like uh... r-where uh... who cares remember the thing that mark fisher road remember mark fisher nine out he was a reporter for the heraldy went to watch into the post no less but anyway i was in the herald tv book on a sunday and they wrote that thing they had a picture me on the cover with the tears coming down my eyes with a phone and all calls you know and and the premise of it was going to be real glowing piece about my big rating and they just sliced me an ass in there you know and they kept dropping the take the picture they kept dropping these glycerin drops down my eyes in the front of my face and they practically had to take a bat in that crap by the time i got done they must have been laughing or ass off glycerin drops yeah to make it look like i was crying you know so i got to do that in a breast conference too no pet roiling you cross it out to rock crack it out here because the whole thing was a crock why is it why is it when somebody gets fired they can't just say you're fired it i said the other day they ought to bring in Donald Trump you're fired at it okay or maybe mocha do it you're fired at it as opposed to this crap well for personal reason that's up crack on balloony okay all these people on the air waxing so romantic about all of these such a family man it let give me a break you got fired so just like shulaga fire or there was a great line who the hell wrote it together well the the different series that he left money on the table if he was fired he would have taken all the money who's that thank gunby he got fired the why do you leave a million dollars on a table you ask him i don't know you're i mean if i was fired yeah i would certainly want to take what's coming to me well you're taking it to face value maybe there's a little something something that doesn't meet the either i thought i don't know that we know the whole story but they slipped maybe somebody slipped in the mickey just like the mayor they slipped in the mickey when they built that arena down there that's for sure like elephant a cross it's beautiful arena there in power to bed there's nobody going to it boy last night you see i've they had a national telecast i'm a hockey pack he's last night so unlike if it was the panty telecast they weren't showing all the tight shots you know of the ice so you couldn't see the stands and several times during the game that i when i was watching they pulled back and they showed the nearly empty vacuum stamina was nobody there it might be like 4,000 people so when they put 14 i guess whatever the attendances they put a one in front of it took a few of the games up there huh you go to games up there absolutely not no it's a ticket prices are ridiculous and i got a nice big might i got the same tv as you got why don't i want to go to the games that's not a bad building is it the orcanda center yes it's not like maple eve gardens it's lacking an atmosphere but nevertheless it sits it's miraculous what is an old post office i was i was in that building uh miraculous what they did with it and it's also miraculous that the raptors such as they are and leaves both play in the same building and no problem hmm i didn't like that didn't even have a separate building because of some big fat egos actually i i enjoy watching the games at home i get to your jobone and her and heal who are two of the very best night don't hear gelty so it goes okay they've straighter was calmer good game last night i think he finally broke out of his a cocoon he was excited when a panther scored which is where it's supposed to be but the knees seriously i've never heard of motor mouth is bop bop bop bop yeah why doesn't somebody in the organization tell him to put a sock in an already shut him up i got what a guy's trying to do the play by play that is not the time to be a talk i got a great story i don't know if i got time here about a night mirror head last night hey were on your uh near be night mirror i've ever had which i don't have that many thank goodness but is about this business air v single one and last night i had a nightmare java had dream that lucky in in like a soap opera just goes in chapters and it just keeps going on if you feel like you were dreaming of all night long well that's how this was oh yeah i know what you're talking about and and i'm doing it and if an appearance for the station if some someplace right next to the stadium and i'm like uh in a store where they got all these mannequins and all the people are shopping and are crazy and and then i have to to carry the amplifier to go up to do the broadcast myself because duff had a sore throat which is that part is true by the way and i think that's what's stimulated my nightmare and uh and i'm leaving a store in this the manager she comes out well what's wrong with you you're not gonna know those mannequins over and you're bumping into people know you know how to behave i thought to myself you know that's certainly bitch you know and then the next thing i know i've been depressed box at the uh stadium to do the orange ball game on q a m and currents is sitting in front of a microphone what was old fashion mics with the kind of like wheel around the microphone that's circular thing and he's facing away from the field and he's sitting this is hours before the game when he's seeing their screaming doing play by play and i've never heard about early of cover used to call her races imaginary before the race yeah well this is what carrots was doing he's screaming in the alley there's no game going on and i sit down and i think the game is gonna be at 7 20 it's 7 30 and it's already 7 20 and i'm in a cold sweater got no lineups i have no idea who's playing what and then the engineer who's like some imaginary person who doesn't exist uh he's given me a hard time because i haven't said the amplifier up right and i'm supposed to do my own i'm an engineering god it's just it's just when on your dream yeah every nightmare i have about radio it's either either about being the dish jocky and i'm a record is ending i don't have another record queue up or it's always about being unprepared you know i had a nightmare about radio when we other day yeah i checked that they put the Gary Bruce here is program director really now what would be worse Gary Bruce being there or somebody resigning a new deal do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do did that happen i had no idea that's what i'm saying i'm continuing i don't know what we don't get told anything you know we're in the dark course this is the stale rager show anyway so that's the new deal the new line oh i i have no idea what's going on with that guy in fact i wouldn't be surprised the feast starts pretty soon i urge everyone who's listening now not to listen to the show that pre-seeds me it used to be the other way around you know that that to me that was the first i never heard anything quite like that my life i urge everyone who's listening not to listen to the show i don't know if you could stand that much of an audience for you probably have to go flying real work someplace i mean that would be it is yeah all those listeners drop out like losing ojama duffy's oh sure well anyway we covered all the we covered all the bases on your first day back couple more days of the going on vacation he's we hope you have been a part it's been a long time since my life the cage was an october for crisis you need one you're right yeah new one badly let me take a bear too all the other and count those against your six weeks now i know they count do they really don't keep track why are you informing what i had left the rest of the year did he really yep how many you got about forty my got about one so he he these left seventeen days of luck in the year no because that's actually working that today again which is three in a row i don't know this is it one days is last day for the rest of the year for the rest of the year yep get on here i'm not what i kid you today is his last show for the rest of the year today is the fourteen for December this is what he said yesterday wow what a deal i'm i'm redoing my deal i said i just got it i'm gonna hold a caroline beastly man that's that's not good nope so what what are we gonna here gonna be gone too i'll be going all next week you're going to be there with you yeah that's okay i'll be going all next week and then i'm coming back what's great how are you working on the twenty six which is the official Christmas day it's boxing day here but i'm working on twenty six because the judge can go on vacation i wanted to take that day off because i'm in the York the twenty fifth yeah well we'll make up a ball game i'll call the orange ball game that's a good idea okay or clear or clear and skin call it yeah that was some dream and i would i could have made a full length motion picture out of that dream he's sitting there in front of his little sunshine microphone he's came out he's a twenty he's a twenty and there's no game going on it was just it was amazing he just offers rocker that's where i i was working on the night and there was no game going on where i was i need to know that that's the damn sure four hours of no game oh yeah look at that it's already time for my first break so listen have a great day you're welcome i'll give you a round of regards to everybody it would buy me a snap to no no please do i'll be at the outdoor thirty seconds past the i'm turning the clock don't lose too much i'll try okay i'll still mania you too pie this is red your animal or it won't cost mortgages the only mortgage company in self-port at the same location since 1982 why would you deal with someone else one branch and ready that helps serve you if you want to free crews don't call them if you want it terrain on a sunny day don't call them if you don't want the paid closing costs don't call them if you want great rates and you want to be treated with strange odd call it it's in day called real five nine four four zero seven three three four borrowed a bomb each at nine five four nine eight seven eight zero seven seven for eight Atlantic coast markets oh our bp that's orange blood basketball or visit double-header basketball raw featuring coach Leonard Hamilton's Florida state seminals coins of the court from Nebraska corn huskers followed by your hometown hurricanes challenging nc wf 104 powerhouse Louisville's cardinals in our legendary coaches is the most disgusting program ever went to complain to the station ow what's the matter honey this hard crusty's not it's impossible to dig out it hurts that used to be me but not since i discovered buggy's buggy's meaning by the bg's you don't silly buggy's it lichlifies dried severance not on contact so it slides right out here give it a try okay now blow hey buggy's works great take a look i'll say it works looks like you picked me a winner from now on i'm gonna get buggers better with buggy's all right 10 14 already it's way past their first break how do you like that yeah like it a lot i think it's way past our last break isn't like about 157 already eight hundred this is what you hear the compare you'll see why forward is the best selling brand of vehicles in the entire u.s.a and in some sort of the only four dealer you want to be shopping at is armstrong forward of homestead now the holidays are here maybe your car was damaged you just want a new ride well now's the time to get on down to your good friend David rich let him put your ass behind the wheel of a brand new armstrong forward and now's the good time too because right now it arms from for the homestead they got some fantastic offers and incentives it a thousand dollars cash back or financing is low is 0% on a four five hundred or three style get five thousand dollars cash back on explore or expedition how about two thousand dollars cash back on escape and twenty five hundred bucks cash back on focus certain restrictions applied and when you buy a four from armstrong forward you'll also on top of all of this great stuff get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program David rich in a staff at armstrong for will guarantee the best price and because it's a locally owned operated shop it'll feature so good you wouldn't believe it because they want you to come back again and again you will get a better deal on a four in any place no bait and switch no four in the deal so call David rich at 305 247 51 problem tell me what the Neil deal armstrong for the homestead 307 25 south fix you highway just 20 minutes south of the 36 check him on the wicked web armstrong cars dot com then drive a few miles extra to save yourself thousands and billions of dollars and armstrong ford of homestead this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight five hundred go take yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that was good man Neil Rogers we came from ten to two one five sixty two again here's what's happening online at wqm dot com enter the American Express the prices right holiday trivia game to win free one hundred dollar American Express gift cards this holiday season on wqm dot com the American Express gift card instead of one place it's good all over the place and that's what's happening online a service up six every Sunday two a and presents the wheel pre-game show power it was got a passer rating of 60 can I put that in terms maybe our general items will not only one right now today nine of 21 for 92 or precisely the point I'm trying to make with a passer rating of 60 if you've great women one through ten ten being the highest rosio Donald would be a sixty if she had a whole rate of a good and you're nine and three with rosio Donald right in there with wqm gold for that's it all please give me palmula give me rosio real pre-game show this Sunday at 10 here on sport video five sixty two eight and the Miami heat show featuring tag Riley Randy fond and all Miami heat players is on one station on this station present at my biggest degree resorting game student every Wednesday at eight thirty with Hank Oberg and the Miami heat show exclusively on sport video five sixty two and a what it comes to sports we see a sword and Ryan you're on wqm with our heat going on we'll show coming back and everything players like uh and twelve walker are gonna get wide open jumpshot so maybe when she comes back things are gonna work out better for our heat and everything i'm just curious what you think about that maybe it's a vision maybe he needs to go to Pearl Vision Center and closes at about seven o'clock and when they're in get his eyes tested may he's to get some basic i think they only give that the horses not waste it's the face awful unsight you're a fan so we can't tell these Christmas it's a politically correct we can see a you the set the object Santa's no longer jolly he's dear friendly size and he's not a white man his brothers And only town, they're perfectly touched, So many lots of presents of time of pain. So cold Christmas dreams, your botanical friends, Much more of this to do, I'll need a deep end, Girls are now free women, When they're under ten, But in the beginning, What we are seen in, We must be so careful, And not to defile, So they say love always, Our under-missile, Because our creatures, Prohibitions, Should they be such a vain, Our teachers will see, If you want to be, A deep insideer, Then start calling her, That's carefree by her, So we can't hold this place, It's happily before her, And we have to go back, What a healthy week, 1021-5, There's a little sum for the people who like Fox News and Bill Orion. And it's even a last couple of months of NBC News last night, There's start the case of the ABC, They have the obligatory, Well, there's this big flat going on between those people who are called, Nobody is accepting anybody's same, Merry Christmas, Or happy to know who is happy, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract to change the subject, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, It's just in the contract, Because, you know, There are a lot of people that don't believe in Jesus in the public schools, Well, you better Mr. Or else, Yeah, we're also going to get your ass, It's just pathetic, And so then the mainstream media in this country continue, And your country rather continue, Missing the point, over and over again, Because they're scared to death of organized religion. And so all of this hatred that's caused by all of the religions, Well, my Jesus, you know, And oh, it's my God, it's Joseph Smith and tablets, And so, I'll lie on all of this other crap. That's what it's all about, But you people in media are just scared to your own shadow. Well, somebody might be offended by that, And Jerry Fell, I might start a campaign, Yeah, right, Yamama. Well, this is pretty, Marginally interesting that the chronic and cocoa facts This this morning, Uh-huh, AOL member, poll this morning, Has the Afghanistan and Iraq war has been worth the monetary cost? No, neither has 55% Afghanistan has 24% Yes, But it's not 100% Have the worst been worth the cost in lives? No, neither has 62% Afghanistan has 19% Yes, both have, Still 19% because Iraq has his got like across the street. Oh, 0% like Joel Osad, Joel O'Fineberg, Spineberg, 0% Pretty hard to have a 0% anything, you know? Yeah, I'll tell you QA, I'm hello. All right, Hey, say, You're fair, WQA, I'm hello. Keep it covered, love? No. QAM, up to nervous, never mind. Oh, the whisper is nervous today, how do you like that? No, that was not that, that was the Cuban whisper. Yeah, whoever it was, their bosses in the red. Oh, WQAM or their wife, I remember call like that. QAM, hello. Oh, face to face, how are you? Happy, uh, dinner, a holiday. I think to look up. Yeah. And, okay, there was a good call, which means happy, uh, Nuka. So we did the polio today, and I'm glad that happened during the show, so that people we could have eye and ear witnesses to it. The freeping nice job out of the way, Iraqi's got the, the asterisk and the freepon there nice to have an ass. I've ever get your freepon. Anyway, I got my coupon and my coupon, I great coupon. Yeah. You don't have to say that. Well, we had done before, and the interesting thing is that it was freep even worse than the first one. We took 1667, most of the first time, number of realized we left a whole bunch of people up here, including, for out. Cool, good, again, get it right. 1492, I cut it off at that point, put the new pool on there. 1492 was a very good year for Isabella. Other than the, on my favorite local radio personality, or short last 25 years, as we put so many people on there, but it takes me till about 130 to get through this list. Randy Rhodes, freeped 374, I would say the accurate number would be about 80. Because during the show, all of a sudden, I'll be starting you and you saw it. Oh, yeah, we all did interrupt the show for it to bring your attention to the internet to our website. So, I was speaking to the website and the blog, the blogster on the blogster took, took that hostile historical, bold print message directed me to get down. He must have melted out a little bit later on. Although we did say, heard through the grapevine that somebody is upset with everything on his, no, I don't know. He must be somebody else. I'm at the least bit upset. I was coming on him with seniority. When you write a personal blog, you do it for the purpose of anybody and everybody reading it, right? Right. Well, there you go. And the fact that I had to read, now I'm not mentioning it at all, so it's got nothing to do with that. To fact that I had to do with diabetes and amputations and blind business. So that's what kind of caught my eye today is Wednesday. So let's see Saturdays and the forest rate days. Now that's not a lifetime. It's probably going to be a big deal for a lot of people, but forest rate days not only have an item one bit of sugar, but I haven't had the craving for it. I don't think I ever had the craving in the first place. It's something that we do as fat people. We make it up in our minds. Oh, I'm addicted to it. No, you're not full crap. You can convince yourself, you're, if it's an excuse for being a big fat sloth. I won't mention it on the ear because I even asked me not to mention it on ear how much he waited. We did tell me this morning. Go say it. I won't say it, but it was more than he was admitting to. Let's put it that way. It's a very volumeless amount. And you know, except that something I'm, I'm like, you know, I'm tired of a nudging fat people. If you want to die, go ahead. Right. Just it's a waste of time. You can tell the rules. I have no interest. No desire whatsoever. And he's one of them. He's not here today by the way. We got shy in there who's enough fat yet. Show them you. Although you will be if you stick around with that crowd in the morning pretty soon. You'll be ballooning up like somebody stuck up bicycle pump up your back door. We'll see. And although I will say this, you can do a public service and keep both your, uh, come Padres there in the morning alive a little bit longer by eating most of the food that could slept in there. That would be a good, good move on your part. 27 a QM. Let's look at our award-winning lineup today. We got more Howard David. Who follows the course of the STL Rodgers show. We got mad dog for the seven his last show at a year. You'll be tuned in for that. Who he came hotline at Bernie Cossars at seven on a clock. It's the FedEx Orange Bull College football show. I bet you've parents will be sitting in front of an old microphone screaming and yelling and Eddie K. It's 10 o'clock. This is Neil Rodgers. What solid this is? 5 16 8 Neil God. That smells delicious honey. I know, but we're at Gary. Honey ready for dinner? Oh, no, hey, mom. That smells, he is. I can't eat that crab. Is the junkie in your family overly critical of your cooking? Are you in need of something to bring back his strong out appetite? Hi, my name's Barb Bichou and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances that will restore your drug addicted child's appetite. Just inside for Christmas. Introducing the crackpot. Now you can cook up those shrimps, micro dots, yellow bees, gaugest, smack-aid, angel dust with the crackpot. Honey ready for dinner? No, hey, mom. That smells, hey, dude. Mom. That smells right, Jesus. Thanks, crackpot. The crackpot. The perfect Christmas gifts for the strong out, joking in your family. I've been able to now at the bomb, are we paraphernaly store? Speaking of crackpot, don't forget to mold myster come up at 2 o'clock. 1033 27 to 11 o'clock. Here's the pull anyway. Now the bar was long pulls on you. Other than Neil, my favorite local radio person out of your show to the last 25 years is Randy Rhodes, Freak 374, went and out tossed that one out. Totally bogus. At least 250 votes again. Now who do you think was responsible for that? You know, I don't know. And that wasn't the only one with some funny votes on that. We'll get to that very shortly. They be her parent club. Still hungry, 2018. Are you sure? Jim Mandage 155 last show any year for the mad dog that maybe sure and be glued to your radio between four and seven. I'd tap it and listen to it over and over again every day. Get it out to it. Rick and Spod are southern Rick, 120. George had 83 of very solid day rock solid. Rock solid. Asked me a fifth play actually fourth. Well, we'll never know what her real number is. That's the sad part. Hank Albert 58, the Humper Scott for Ralf 54, not nearly as much as some people thought. They thought he'd go zooming up there to compete with the big boys. Well, you better be fup if you're going to compete with the big boys. So Kimbo said, You uh, beaten by a mile by a mile by a mile. Bob last at your 50. Do we believe that? No. No. So evidently that idea had about that little um, that little mechanical yellow, a little bit the drinking bird. Yeah, the drinking bird that the pecks back and forth and rock spying and keeps pecking on the keyboard. evidently that was going on over there. Last at her 50. No chance. Jazz McHate 28 Ron and Ron 20. And the reason I say that, the infant on the era for his engineers including in this market. So Jazz McHate 28 Ron and Ron 28. Herman, I'm being in the McLean, 27. McLean, 25. Jeff DeFlor is 24. Mohara David ended the 10. 20 votes the first time we did this only 18. Wow. At Capone 17, Big Wilson 14, Ricky Tickie Shaw 13, Todd McCastonova 13. I'm lucky number, Paulie. The booster had 11. Lady Martens, Joe Rose, Alice Rantel, he had 10. How does Alice get 10 on here to the first time we did this thing? We had a lot more votes on it by the way. Alice had two. Solomon Tadeauce. Must have been a lot more gay voters on this. Dabla Bastard only ate. Boy, I'm telling you when Lenny Martens beat you by it, until you really got problems, Danny Boy. In fact, he's tied with a crow and crate, Warthing and Sunny Fox. Dabla Bastard, boy, not too good, Danny. The big rock solid. Oh, he's got seven. Joseph Yankees 6. Now that's most amusing. The most your favorite local radio personality. Wait till he hits that transplant, and he'll be dangerous. Dave Capone, enjoy Reynolds and Jerry Wisher Allen Burkeville called her six of the piece on Cox 5. Tom Likes is the big fat dead Larry Kent 4, Greg Vidal 4, Stan Major 4, Steve Kane 4, wow. But it's Steve O'Havon 1st one. Oh, eight. And now he's kind of slipping down on the pool. John Broward 3, Robby Young 3, Lee Foward 3, they're all dead. Bill Tanner 3, Sandy Payton 3, they're alive. Two for our spinnet, who died in my dream last night, by the way, made that's an omın, you think? I wouldn't be surprised if a bulletin comes over doing me show today. Alice bent it croaked on a radio. When you see they signed an XMI for God, some nobody's not following that. Kimbobo camp for enormous can't Jerry Williams and Steve Gueldie Yelstein had to a piece. One for David Gravely, my spinnet, let's play trivia. You don't want to have a good time, let's round with you people. Or any social head, one Shirley Peters drew Michaels Allen Courtney had one and Bill Smith won. You believe it? No, no votes for only two people. Alice and Joyce Kaufman had to be... Oh, how do you like that? Normally even normal can't had a pair. What was that name somebody called in the other day from the light bulb yesterday? Boy, that was something, somebody nobody ever heard of. That would just caught me off guard. Yeah, I've already forgotten. Show me for a loop. Uh-oh, speaking of getting the throne for a loop, students arrested for oral sex in classroom. Oh my God. And Jacksonville, no less. Oh, and I'm crackers up there and going to cut into that. Sure, they were crackers. I'm talking about the residents of all of all. All right. I'm great residents of Jacksonville, man. Them good old southern Yahoo and those pickin' boys. That's the crowd. Three first coach students are facing criminal charges after a teacher says that we're involved in oral sex in the classroom. Oh my God. Christopher Lemay, 18, is accused of paying a 16 year old girl to perform the act on another boy at Santa 100. That's interesting thing, isn't it? All right. Maybe it was an oral exam. Or maybe it just likes to watch. Those two are under eight, so first-coast news is not releasing their identities. Santa would administer a notes. First-coast news is channel 25 and whatever it is in Jacksonville. Santa would administer to say the act happened under a table under a table in a large classroom full of students, so the teacher would limit a visibility. But we're probably trying to get a better look. The news is catching even veteran educators by surprise. It is not indicative of any school in Duval County, said acting principles Jack Shanklin was acting pretty bad if he asked me. I'm an education a long time. I've never seen a situation like this in any educational setting. He said all three students of the side have been assigned to alternative schools. And so maybe the alternative will be a different kind of sex, which of course we can't say on the air, but nevertheless. What do you think? Okay. That would be an alternative. Anyway, I said there you go. Or else sex under the under a table in large classroom full of students. Maybe there's like biology class. Maybe there's like a little lesson going on there. You think? Could be. And here's today's pool. Well, we got so many pool. Let's try to slow this whole deal down. What do you say? I got tomorrow's already fast air. I'm so far ahead of my pool strategy. 859 are cool as a thousand during the show. So I think we got a pretty good shot. Don't you would say no pressure. No stress. 865. They're coming in in chunks. The holiday season is a pain in the ass on 1996. All about commercialism, 192, no kidding. My favorite time of the year though, 118. I'll ride. It's okay. 74. Not great, but okay. Yeah. Okay. 74. A polish met 70. That was my vote. It's a polish met. But Mary Hanooga and happy Christmas. It's fun. 54. Remember WFU and it's fun. My most hated time of the year, 53. To a defensive for me, 49. I hate this pool. Look how many votes that's got. About 2 to man. Cool. And a time to pick out 29 because I guess the beast didn't see the pool. 29. 865 already. We'll have a thousand by 1130. I would guess. And then after that, you're on your own. Whatever you like. 560, 5060. You got a whole big pile here today. And I forgot Jesus. You forgot Jesus. I forgot about you. Yeah. And even the baby Jesus. I forgot to mention when Hank, the thing about very Jack Estony about the big Marlon function ahead last night. Well, we're hitting that in fact. It's good. I didn't because we don't want to repeat because that would be like stale material. Yeah. We don't want to be stale. But rather be a Jewish. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you like the palli. Okay. Pally. Hey. What's it? That's the guy that she does for a day and a way. Yeah. She got her start on 103. She was an F.M. I guess I'm going to ask her. Never. She went to WFDSF. Yeah. Yeah. Then she did a she actually did about 15 years ago. A way out in playboy when they did female jockey, he did a job. Yeah. She was good with the girl. She didn't say too much because you followed him. Well, Larry, you're going to share a body for TV. That's good to bet you was down on a light bulb. Okay. Thanks. She was on light bulb. But all I'm not a cone is you're not. What about the cheese? Yeah. Very jackass. This right's Marlon's fans make their voices heard. Well, again, that will take 45,000 calls to coming up. And then, of course, the mole myster. I close personal bud. Coming up with two rhymes with what you think about that. A pompot park racing in poker has got all the gambling actually could ever want. Featuring live harness racing in the great poker card room. Pompot park is open every Wednesday like today, Friday and Saturday. And based of all, I've mission in parking always free at pompot park. Come root home a winner from the railroad. The park is open to the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to be here from the park. We're going to be a winner from the park. We're going to have to finish the park. We're going to finish the park. We're going to finish the park. We're going to finish the park. Hopefully, we will be able to finish the park. We're going to have to finish the park. I was going to finish the park. We will be able to finish the park. had all the mannequins in it. Okay. And I had all this equipment around me and I was just like overwhelmed with crap and I'm talking and you just were responding and finally I just got up and walked away. That's when I put that ample fire out of my arm and stormed out there was not going to all the mannequins over in the shoppers and that bitch came running out. What a wrong with you. Don't you know? Yeah. It was very interesting. Too bad the girls not around today. He'd love this to a Latin drum as to they be when English. U.S. audiences will soon have their own English language version of Latin America's steamy Telenovelas. Of course they don't realize that a Miami we already got. They're not in English though. Right. LA based 20th television plans to make over the Latin melodramas in English with a North American flavor, keeping largely the original scripts in the form of the our longer episodes for 13 weeks. They're the good ones to let's get up. They're going to edit out the juicy parts. I see the juey parts coming up next year versions of Colombia's table for three Minnesota trace and Cuban hit fashion house, Salida, Noche, as part of a series of 20th call desire. 20th plans to make thinner vellas per year out of the desire banner. Latin American Telenovelas have been for decades dubbed in the myriad languages and exported around the globe, keeping billions of dollars revenue for the producers. Nevelas there has been a thawala and Mexico for example enjoy huge followings and countries as far flung as Malaysian Croatia. That's where they flung it. But the format has never been really a tried in the USA. We're daily soap operas continue printing in every evolving plotlines and characters and nighttime dramas are quickly shows the viewers working on their schedules. That made the English novelas may not work in prime time where they're largely aired on Spanish language TV and a Latin America said TV program in console Luis Estrata who's working in Hispanic TV. It's tough enough for people to commit every Monday to Friday, Estrata said that's why many series have kind of fallen by the way said because people just don't have the time to go back to whatever you're not interested in to see if it takes you to the audience or not. Well, they have all those TV scenes like you're talking about, right? It's how people are there for sure. You know what they'll do. They'll trim it. No comment. Here you go, let me start and then again. Start dumping him shy when he throws someone at the stuff in there. Give that to the finger sharp enough. You got it. Get that button all cranked up because he just out of control for the holidays. Save it for next week when I won't be here. 911 votes already on the poll. I don't like this poll either. Be honest with you. Let's get rid of it right out. Now, let's. Huh? You don't like it? Let's throw it out. The holiday season is a pain in the ass 204 all about commercialism 197 and Jesus of course don't forget and the virgin Mary and veiled him pine needles and of course the chinuka and the manora and all him candles that will burn the house down. It's my favorite time of the year to holiday season 126. The holiday season you can't get more generic than that. It's okay 77. Apollash mitt 74. Fun 55. It's so much are we having fun yet? Oh yeah. It's my most hated time of the year 53. Too expensive for me 51. I hate this poll 35. A time to pick out still only. Oh, they didn't live in 29. 5 6 7 0 5 6. We're just in the very jackass thing in a marlin's very bad news about the fans who get really hostile and rightfully so bought. I'm surprised that they didn't have like riots there. They shouldn't have had. They should have been like just just rain the lynx those bastards. How many Q a m? Hello. Q a m? Yes. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm going great. All right. A couple things. I did know I'm going to 4 president 4 was dead already that I read the favorites 20 years. Really sick. So I think he had a cold. He's not really sick. He had a cold. He's a back home already getting ready to play golf again. He's only 92 for Christ. He's 92 years old. Yeah. Second. And in the favorites. It was the same as his IQ. Go ahead. A little request here. We'll still have a little. He was at all you can eat meat row. We've never can not eat this. And what's the other one? Was that mac and I'm Jesus? I'm making one. I'm just an all you can eat meat row right. Quit mac and I'm Jesus and mac and I'm my boy. Okay. Now I'm not going to play that again. Well, but I'd say it during the holiday week like on December 20s holiday week. Yeah. What's wrong with the business? I'm no boxing day. Oh, what's wrong with you? Are you anti-air the rest of the world? Everybody else in the world sell a Europe and Canada sell a rate boxing day. That's on the 36. That's good. All right. So here they don't have to say, well, we'll give you off to 26 because it's Christmas falls on a Sunday because it'll be holiday anyway. It's boxing day. The 26. Everybody goes out in the street and they start boxing. They're shadow boxing. Of course. Can I somebody we know? You know, I always shadow boxing with the universe. I'm going to punch you in the nose. Everybody no matter who it is. I don't like you. I teach you like poison and you're stale and you're old and you're disgusting and you're wings fell off into parking lot. My daughter thought it was a hoot. Be sure and have to be still that story tomorrow. It'll make for good because I'm all right. You're right at Dave. Yeah. I got to get some more told a story about how his daughter saw a guy in that parking lot and his hairpiece fell off. I mean talk about the podcast we killed. Tink that is just unbelievable. WQA and hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. A couple things. Last night I heard a windman was on a half time and I don't think you're a quick year cowboy voice. My wife's y'all these sound like water crunchy. Oh, it's awful. And actually another thing, you were making fun of cruisers just there with the beast. It is the most fun time you can have. Okay. You're making big kids for us too. 567. 056. You see he's a basketball guy and the sea the connection there. Mickey Harrison. Yeah. We're not fooling anybody. Probably the most fun time you could ever have get out of here with a stale fool with a botchallism and everybody getting raped and murdered and stuff like then getting lost and see you have a good time man. What's that to like? Yeah. Tell like being a prisoner at sea. The prisoner of a is in the sender. You have a good time. And then I'd like to beast. You know how fast he backpressed the other day. Oh, and gambling that we are slots. I mean it's great. I said, yeah, but how much are the payouts on it? I mean, right about that. The payouts are virtually nothing because there's not that much money going through from the same like a couple hundred people on the damn ship or however many there are. How much how much are they going to pay out? Not much. It's like a suction cup for your money, baby, but you have a great time. See with me, I like going to get a plan and going somewhere that I enjoy. Like it's Rome or Amsterdam or Berlin. And if I don't like the weather there at the time or whatever or the crowd of people, I just go where else I want to go. See what I'm saying? But if it's not kind of big fat ass and leaky ship out there in the middle of nowhere, it's kind of difficult to do that. Maybe that's what those people did. They just jumped overboard. They were like trying to swim through a different venue because they were getting like bored. Does anybody QAM hello? Pretty good, pal. Movie recommendation. Go see broke back mountains with Hebrew. Okay. Well, we've got a lot of body and it was really actually I think you're like it to be serious. Okay. And I just got back about a time. I just hope I'm there with a few in George. Still like anti Bush. George Bush, that is you know anti-religion. You guys are boring as ever still. Yeah, you're still listening. So we thank you so much. Well, we're flicking on the surface. Yeah, yeah, yeah, flick this. Okay, go flick one of your boyfriend's eye and enjoy that gay cowboy. Yeah, enjoy your fan cowboy movie too. Yeah, we're still anti Bush. And guess what? So is most everybody else in America? Whole world. Not just America, but so is most everybody else. So say, many you've been to get with it. Okay, nobody were in knickers and two piece bathing suits anymore guy. Get out of here. Still anti-votion to boring. So yeah, like somebody's forcing not only forcing him to listen, but he takes the time to call me with a movie recommendation about some gay movie. Okay, some Virginia, a couple of euros. Who are you kid, man? Go back to New York. All you New York is, man, you make me want to vomit. W. I am, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's the name of this Pable beer plate for now? Pable brewer is retired now. Pable beer. Pable beer. Yeah, hanging out with Aaron Buran. I'm not a retouch. I'm not a shot meter burger. Yes, need a burger to you. I'm a good. I want to be honest. Yeah, I get out of here. Another big hockey fan in software. We love the Panthers because they have a year. Yeah, all that other crap. Boy, you talk about a phony town man. Phony is a $87 bill. There were enough people in that building my state. You could add your own section. God, that was just scary. When they pan back, I'm the National Telecaster, they showed their place. You could, you could have gone boring in the house and their place and nobody would even notice. Much less got hit by the balls. WQAM, hello. Two am. And I like the same now. Well, that first. All right, that was outstanding. That's a kind of call we like. At least he was honest anyway, instead of just like, you know, like that, or making some good or some like that. WQAM, hello. Good morning. You know how that is, too. Happy generic. Whatever. You know, I love your show and thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. We love your call. Well, listen, I also want to thank you for putting the Panagon strike UK video on your website. Right. Have George look into the links for the world of growing the bush because I think they're dead links now. Okay. But if you could also. You can with George. They are dead and yeah. George is always on top of it. Um, if you could add some information about what animal really does that say, what is it? WPC 7, which was the other building that wins the demolished or not 11. Uh-huh. Um, I think you'd find out if that building was able to be pulled according to it's uh, lethal, they're very silversing. Um, then maybe the other building had chargers in them as well. Uh, secondly, if uh, you know, I respect your opinion. And I wonder know how if my research about my 11 link more so hard and Israel, how you go about right presenting that gently and you know, politically and politically correct way. You don't. Do you see any connection in the massage? Uh, how old are you? The longer you're on here and start with, uh, your call up Randy, she'll work it out for you. Okay. Call up the goddess. Oh, no. I'm not creeping our pool though. We're crossing conspiracy theory. Our call up Alex Jones at prison planet. There's a reach in the book. Some of fantastic, whatever it is. Who, who now knows? One thing for sure. I can tell you this much. You never will never know the truth about much of anything because our governments lie. They're there to swindle manipulate, uh, low their pockets with money. Your money for primarily. And that's it. That's what it's all about. And thank you again. Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices and quit crashing your president's word. This is the new Roger. So go go go go go go. You're on your two pay. Sted Doctor who performed the surgery. What's the thing? Klein. Who's you? Felix Doctor? Yeah. I don't know where you, I don't know who you use George Callow. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where you're. I'm not sure where you're. I'm not sure where you went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is it. I don't, the doctor's kid told me. Oh, Jason will be up. No, you're not sure. Somewhere in least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in. Wally on the wall with your two am. Jason, you're on Q.A.M. You don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Right? Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck? Not, there's no national guard at no. It's 11 or two. But an extra is getting a little stale. You know what? Better stop playing that. 949 votes on our poll today. Marlon fans make their voices heard by its very jackass. Some season ticket orders attending Marlon's function. Took out their frustrations over the team's payroll purge. Unpresident David Samson. How do you like that? All right. They're a frustration. They're angst. You know what David said? We did it! Yeah, that's about all he can say. We did it! Can't ask my Smotio. David Samson or our win bag. We wanted to go. There is. That's a. Oh no. Can't ask my Smotio. Jeff Garcia. David Samson or our win bag. Anyway, what was built as a party for the Marlon season to or very jackass as a party for Marlon season ticket orders. He voted away sometimes. Combed of events session for the sclerodle fans last night at Dolphin Stadium. And I was there to broadcast the Orange Bowl. Maybe that's why that would have was all about. Maybe that's why there was all that angst in my nightmare. Fans peppered president David Samson. Samson with some angry questions. Boone each other at times and expressed his pleasure with the dismantling of the roster and the decision to restore relocation. Some of the estimated 650 and attendance year to fan who told general manager Larry Beanfest, buyingfest, that he was excited to see the team. Another grabbing the microphone accused owner Jeffrey Loria, who was not there of being carpetbaggers. I'll support them whether they're an emphesa whatever city that Loria wants to room for baseball. That was met with cheers and booze. I appreciate the emotion Samson said. I appreciate the fact that you feel hurt and burned. Jeffrey wants the teams to stay more than all of you's. Among the highlights of Samson's time on stage, Boca attorney Larry Corman drew cheers when he accused the Marlins of feeling a minor league team at major league prices and said every season ticket order would love his money back. Samson said we were considered the most disappointing team in all of baseball in 2005. It's not like we traded the 27 Yankees. All stage, since and said the team has received fewer than 100 refund requests which the Marlins won't grant. When one fan said he doesn't see other Marlins are committed to staying if they're visiting other cities Samson said five of the last seven stadium deals were done in cities where the team started to relocate and then didn't. The first thing I said the mayor of San Antonio is you're not our first choice. And then how he speaks, I think that's not too bad of a David Samson. Yep. You're not our first choice. To a sense, it again ruled out building a stadium without a retractable roof to save money. He received light applause but introduced but he was booed when and tried to explain how the fans support his risen under the area. He said he didn't see people wearing Marlins gear in 2002. Oh man Marlins gear sounds so queer. When once he gets to the Marlins tell the team to Venezuela and media to Moe will Gustavo says narrow sense and said I'm sorry you work for Miami City manager Joe Ariola. One fan blasted Samson for his ton of voice. Yeah that's kind of a bad tone yelling we're all you've got. Look at how you're talking to us. Santa is responded. Look how you're talking to me. That's not how a conversation should go. The fan and left he stormed out. Sounds like a really pleasant Marlins are gathering with their faithful. Asked about ideas to help raise money for a stadium Samson said local governments suggested a ticker charge but the team opposes that we've looked at the legal implication of doing a stock offering. After the session Samson said it would have been a problem we had five people here apathy as far worse to negativity. Samson said negotiations are ongoing with Wayne Hising about voting a state of misadulment. We want to raise a loosing quickly. Don Trello will us. Scott Wilson, Vine Fest and General Manager and manager Joe Girardy will among others who address the fans. Oh my god that Joe Girardy press conference we can play. After Girardy said only wills wills and McGill can burr our sure to jobs. Vine Fest said I have to agree with disagree with Joe a little bit. Jeremy Herr Meade will be on the team in a right field. Vine Fest who said he's looking for help in left field center field and second-based old fans you need to have faith hopefully in me in this organization even our track record. Right you had to be winning a lot of the tracks so what I'm here. It's competent part. Well so there you go not good. 560 505060 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQA M hello. QA M hello. I think I knocked one off and six that's good. WQA M hello. Got a thick finger today which is good idea. WQA M our last call hello. You look here with the world things of us and you. Who cares about what the world thinks of us and you and you. Let's think about that. The doctor who performed the operation on J. Feudler. Man you could have driven a Mac truck to an area now. Yeah. Well we were hitting that button you know over and over again waiting for that thing to build up and the audience too didn't happen. 560505060 pound five sixty new Verizon singular wireless lines. Let's get with it okay. Let's get on to it. Let's get the story. I got a whole big pile here as usual which I mean you love and there's no Mac yellow line to give me a bunch of crap that ain't be a country. Well still you know I think you should take as many calls as as we get. Oh really? Yeah. Okay well let's say my throat. I got like a little bit of a scratch not getting sick around and not be for my vacation but little scratch but we're only looking right. When it gives to me about any below you start getting rules crunchy. WKOM hello. Hey Neil I'm what just silly you think about this you know a cap wouldn't kind of stay out of that station politics. You're free. Well I think he's been taking shots at the moment. Do you have a starting place on his rejoin? Yeah. It goes a little dark as little dark as the back of the years are going to story story story story story story. Oh no. Even the diamonds are picking our was it the gladiola's. Oh no that's funny that's very uh marginally music. Any k he keeps his nose claim man believe you may 560560 pound pie surgeursers let's take every single call that comes in. Right I think that's a great idea. Uh shy agrees with that too because you don't have to screen him. Sure. Are you even food in there today or what? Well we ordered some but we haven't started eating yet. Well what is it? Tony? I'll be damned. Well so good thing you're didn't do it. When you actually did do it you say I'm proud to be sure we got him to throw that bread in a waste basket. That's it. May have saved it. Probably about a few seconds have added about 30 minutes. Seconds to his life by making him through that bread away. Just thinking how much more food he can eat them. He also they know the bread from how he's today as well so. Run that 5 me again say that again I think my ears must be getting plugged. I can't believe I just heard that. Yeah he just ordered a scramble bike lights in hand but no bread. On Obride. I think he said he ordered bread from Obride. Scramble egg whites and no bread. You see maybe I'm getting to him huh? I think you are. I'm getting to him a little bit because he's finally realized he's got that wedding coming up but bride to be a young lady that actually will get close to him. I'm not sure they're actually doing anything but get close enough to like a pretentious gun or mariam and that if anybody has seen him that's quite an accomplishment. So maybe he would like to live long enough to enjoy it. Another couple of months. WQAM hello. Hi good morning. Good morning. Do you have any questions? Yes. Let me say a big. Good morning. How big are you? Speaking of mail. Yes you are. Oh, I have a message. I am a young guy. I'm going to drive in the home with their parents. You have to let them know that there's no Santa man. No yeah no no no no no no no no no no. But glad you're invited me there's no Santa Claus kids. There's no Santa and then I'm going to be coming to your house pali and not can you do it down about to your clock anymore because you're messing with Christmas okay. You're taking Jesus out of Christmas. Just have Santa out of Christmas Santa Claus has got nothing to do with religion by the way. No no. And the fun of little is can't stand it. Really? Oh, Satan Claus. He is to Christmas what the witches are to Halloween. No no. There you go. There's no problem. He's very. WQAM hello. Imagine how big a shot dumps must be. WQAM hello. I've got some I really think a lot of time. Thank you for not being. The old good morning. Good morning. Um two things I like to tell you. There was a major tragedy in Quartón. Wolfies. That's when I heard I had the report yesterday I didn't mention it because I didn't even know there was a wolfies in the book. I'm sure somebody is going to know who had to be about it. Yeah. Another thing got the one boy had a second child and I always thought he was gay. No I never thought he was gay and I didn't know he had a second child and guess what? Nobody hears but beside that. How do I find that? Okay. Everybody is gay. According to this crowd everybody's gay except whoever happens to be calling at the moment everybody else is Maddie Cohen believe me. It's really amazing. Be sure to see that the Fag Cowboy movie and also be sure to see the reporting movie with Philipsy Moro Hoffman Thomas, Michael whatever's name is. Supposedly really good. I'll pass on that. I have no interest in and you never even saw Trim and Compote Did You. No. Before your time when he used to be on with Merb Griffin I think there was a reason for that. He used to be on the TV talk shows. He wasn't just gay. He was like several steps beyond that. Whatever you take 50,000 steps beyond that. Altrague. He was just the ultra-graduate. And he was a one-dollar man. And I guarantee that your friend Lynn Samuel's about to see a group of group of Trim and Compote are a lot. I would think so. Permanent chapter 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. It's said most wonderful time of the year or less of course you hate crowded malls, long register lines and parking hassles. Make your gift giving easier for you and your loved ones this year. Give them a dollar mattress. I'm so excited about I can't even say it. A dollar mattress gives certificate. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dollar mattress gift certificate. A donation at a great new bed will make a perfect gift at last for years. Every 10-day hop on it or do something I don't think about you. You call 1-800 mattress. It's used from ceiling. It's served as Simmons King Coil. Stearns and Foster in tempered Peter as well. Maybe it's offered some water damage in your bed from the Hurray King. Maybe you need to bed for those last minute unabied to holiday gifts. Whatever your story is, call 1-800 mattress. You'll get same-day delivery from 8-day until 10-day PMN is always like for years. I've been telling you. You still get to pick the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule like 10-to-noon, 1-3, any two-hour window that you pick. And dollar mattress shows up 99.7% of the time on time. The right number one of the world for customer satisfaction. Just about everybody at QA including yours truly when he used in dollar mattress for a long time, you ought to be doing the same. Before those guests arrive and you still have time, call 1-800 mattress.log under their website, mattress.com. Even easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Leave off the last-is because it stands for sensational stew, tendons saving. 1-MM-AKE This is Meow Roger's! 1-X-N. NBA 1- Saw is the watchnubs and button pointing. I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, I'm gonna be a good boy, more moving. Yeah, that guy he's probably, you know, in the closet. Is that movie about cowpokes? Well, you're a T and about lads and lansies. I'll tell you that. Customers have to tropical smoothie cafe in Wellington got a fright on Tuesday when a spooked deer burst through one of the stores windows. Have you seen the picture was in the p A L Z. Yeah, happens all the time. It happens all the time. Well, play the other day. They've heard around one 10 p.m. at the cafe on Wellington trace when the buck showed up in the parking lot outside and when buck shows up, man, everybody runs for cover. Deputies believe the animal lived in nearby wooded area. They think he was spooked by a passing car and fled to the cafe, eventually leaving him to window and breaking him. Maybe he just wanted to smooth it. You ever think about that? It's possible. Yeah, or salt-lic. Or maybe he just wanted to look up and surprise people when sound disturb, but nobody was injured. It was an accident, but nobody. The hundred pound deer suffered a concussion, however, and one of its antlers broke off. Ah, shot. They grow back. He suffered a concussion. How do they know that? How do they know what a deer got a concussion? They tried a little light, light in their eyes and see the people that died late. Yeah. And they say, how many fingers am I holding up? Right. State came officers, they left him at the animals. Two or three years old, he used to tranquilize your darkness of the day that they did. Then deputies and game officers put the deer in a truck and sent him to the bush wildlife sanctuary in Jupiter where the deer will recover from his injuries and then be released back into the woods. Well, that nice. I'm at least they didn't take bandy on the woods in a shoot at this time. I'll call you once or guys out there. Well, you know, they all were populate. We got to go out there and shoot bandy, man. It's pathetic to show how much they are. Really impressed me. What I'd say by 113 we'd have a thousand boats. We got a thousand tree. Beautiful. Great. That is even better than the holiday tree. The holiday season is a pain in the ass. Two, two, two, all about commercialism. Two, two, two. We got two with two, two, two. Now, great. I don't think we've ever done that before in history. Market down. Take a picture. Take a picture of it. Two, two, and two, two. My favorite time of the year is also at Scott 137. It's a pile of Schmidt 87. You can smell it. It's OK 85 to a expensive for me 61. It's fun 58. Yeah. Let's hear it on. Relax. Smoke a big fat one. My most hated time of the year 57. I hate this pool 42 and a time to really pick out 32. So two days in a row, I'm actually at an hour to be a slife. Now, I'm really proud of myself. No new entry on the last hit or blog today, by the way. I don't see what the big sum is. I mean, if I want to read that every day, whether I'm in Toronto or I'm in the Eastfimming Michigan, are they entitled to do that? And what were you just pleased about it or anything that I know about? I didn't say I'm grateful at least I got to hear the news and to read some of that so it scared me back in reality. I get out. So fun to tell it that way. Because it's not important that you succeed, but that somebody else dies before you do it. Hey, stop it off his material. Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know if we can play this in my displeasant. Is he something else? Box was a normal man with a nice home, a lovely family, and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company. Normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Some out of an esoteric Monday, I fear it will end up being buttoned on the last one, and see if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability. Alan Marks is suffering from Bob Lasseter disease. Are you feeling all right, Alan? Absolutely insane. I see things that nobody else seems to see, or at least cares what they say. Bob Lasseter disease attacks the central nervous system, causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs. How with you today? I don't want to talk to you. What's more, Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression which is actually contagious. God, just listen to that voice. I want to jump off a building. You're a host of a lawyer. I'm snake. You're a scumbag. Please send whatever you can do. To post office by now, 1-800-Devincord Iowa. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means. Bitching and mourning and screaming and hollering. Please help. Wow. That's something. Heaven for that? Isn't that bitch about 100 years? Now somebody will say, oh, I was in portase, say Bob Lasseter disease, but there's that video while you know what. I'm sure he would find it. Even he would find it a reason to write a mood most amusing. I'm sure he's listening right now. Hope you're feeling better today, Bob, or not. It's case maybe. 23 past 11 and 5. 60. I'm just a cranky old bastard. You know, that's why we got me. Oh, don't go. Don't go. I'm going to go. I'm back to back. Cracky old Jews, man. All the way. I got better here. W-Q-A-M. Hello. Oh, no. We were talking yesterday about 30, 30 lines and what happened? What do you mean we were talking yesterday? You called it show yesterday? No, no, no, no. You were talking about 30. Oh, and what? You could remember exactly what happened that I was doing. The way I remember you tell him the story was that he purchased a house one day. They might even park him up the next day and find him. And that's where you're saying don't buy a house. Well, when he used to say it all the time, that's where he parted companies without the first day. We'll find the next day and park him up. Don't buy a house. That's right. And for David, he's okay though. He's because anyone in the like club at internet this game whatever he wanted. He's into the never-shending. In really Mario. He's syndicated. Man, he's all over the world. David, we're going to buy a house. I'm the only talk host in America that's unlike one crappy station. That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Remember that now? David, we line. He, they hired him in a here. I can. Like the next day. Right. Because they lied to you like crazy. Oh, my secure is this going to be okay because I'm going to yeah, that's right. I remember it. It's starting to shape into my mind now. Should I sign the deals? Should I, uh, Yadia, I'll go ahead. No problem. In fact, they did the same thing to go to a car, which is probably what, uh, help put him in a ground. Same thing. He signed the deal on the house. And the next day, I think it was an IOD. I'm not really sure. I don't remember exactly where. But that's what this business does to you. That's why we have nightmares of radio. Those of us who are working in a business because it'll kill you. It's a killer business. But they're building. But if the business don't kill you, he will, though, you're president. You're a dumb old president. 56070560. Oh, you're still bush-fashioned man. That's so boring. Yeah. And he takes the time to call the show. That was so good. Yeah. WK, I hope you enjoy your game. Cobblum will be so yes sir. I'm going now. All right. Hey. Uh, I think I'm going to put the car on me. He's got a more to make it. What a kick on it. Now what was that? He wasn't saying any words that I understood. Oh. Well, guess what. I hit it anyway. Right. I think I heard Hitler in there somewhere. Oh, I see. 560560. Pound 560. I think I knew it for a man. Some of you are some of your people. Some of all of our people. But I mean, it's just a, hey, we don't know who that was. There. He was making up words. Was one of your people. All right. They're all my people. I didn't say Cuban. Just one of your people. I see. As in. Like that. Okay. Why do you, you know, you catered those intellectuals. And of course, they Yeah, that was one of the right variants. Our right side by each talking away over. I love to hate. WC, who I am, hello. Good morning. Neil, how are you? Good morning. Yes, sir. It sounds like a real call here. Uh, hey, you've got this is a real call. Oh, my God. Anyway, of course, a few days ago with a 20th anniversary of the death of John Lennon. Yes. And I was curious as I find you a really interesting guy. Been listening to you forever. Could you tell us where you were and what you remember? Did you remember what the, what's been doing? I was on the air. I was on WS News when he got shot. Yeah. And what about the John of Kennedy and Robert Kennedy if he would? John of Kennedy when he was got assassinated. I was working. I was, I was, I was managing a record store in Rochester, New York, Midtown records. And I was working with God came in the story and said, you people have radios. I said, well, we have, we have a, we don't sell them. He said, the president just got shot. And so you know, you nights at WBT and the TV. So I asked the manager if I could leave early and go to work and I got in my car and I go to the TV to see if I could help, which of course I couldn't because what did I know? Yeah. Yeah. And when Bobby Kennedy got shot, I was at WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan. And I don't, uh, I have no, because it was like, it was like at night, it was like, I'm talking to an LA and we were like sleeping by that time because it was midnight and the East. So I, that's all I remember about. We can't forget Martin Luther King. You remember that one? Not remember where I was. Okay. Do you remember where you were? Yeah. I was in bed in my apartment in Miami Beach and my dad came in and said, uh, you know, they just shot Martin Luther King. I said, it was he. There you go. That was about nine years old. What did I know? You know? Yeah, exactly. He was said they shot Larry King. They would have known. Then I would have known. Well, growing up here in Miami, I always knew about Larry King. He was only on channel four. He would have said, low me $50. Okay, pal, thank you. Thanks, sorry. I run through history there. What everyone was? What's that all about? Are you seven past 11. Where were we? Where did you go? Who did more? Huh? Who did more for the dead community? That's a good pool Sunday. We got 10 30. That's WBZ on your AM dial. 103 WBZ Carl Disco's Dave Nader Jefferson K. Jay Don. Larry Glick. Well, what a great season that used to be. One radio was worth a crap. And I was just reading, you know, XM is got five million subscribers and series. It's got two million. That's all they got. He would have started on January. I think that two million subscribers. Well, what's that? I don't know. What is that? That's in a country of three hundred million people. What's the big semis with that so far, you know? Oh, we got two million subscribers. We just signed up Puppy Koppo and Carmen Miranda knew like a great old. Oh, I think they just signed up on XM Bob Dylan to do what? He's going to be a district. You know. Oh, the hippie artist can do it from that show. Wow. Maybe between the two of them, you could hear a word. I doubt it. 28 past 11 at QAM. I've been telling you by dry concepts for many many years. I've used them in my homes for over 21 years now because they are the best in the business. They always do a phenomenal job. And with the holidays here is a time to make the call to have your home sanitized. And that's just your carpeting either. Dry concepts also specialize in a post-reclining, leather cleaning, drape-reclining, or yet or rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning of those nasty dust mites, and so much more. In fact, speaking of dust mites during this month during December, dry concepts has a special offer that will keep you sleeping like a baby. No matter how clean your home is and it's almost impossible to implement those dust mites, dust mites are the number one cause of allergies and believe me, dry concepts will make them go away forever. So do yourself in your family a favorite way your home of dust mites today by calling dry concepts. Whether it's your carpeting, your post-reel, your expensive leather furniture, drape-reel, or handle larger this month's special dust mites cleaning. These are the people who want to do business with because you can't feed them. Maybe it was to append this job they give you written fair guarantee price up front and then at the end of the job they give you little rows and you give them a check and everybody walks away a bit of a smile on their posts. In daybrow to the Palm Beach is called dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website, dryconcifts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-18. Fuck it in and hold it. I mean there's a lot of stuff in there. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. I think I can do it. Anybody else with a brain believe you me. I'm called by fear of step bitches on there. Anyway, speaking of John Dingle, just celebrated 50 years in a house of representative. The third longest in history. I think John Dingle, I was thinking of John Dingle, married Halle Berry. Speaking of her. Would that make her Halle Dingle Berry? That would be bad. The air waves they are changing. Here's that story that you seem to be so fascinated by. Yeah, Bob Dylan, singer of sorts. It's songwriter for more counter culture for you in voice of a generation. He and my voice. Is that another line to was? What is that? Oh, to his resume. Okay. It says RSUM. Radio DJ. Washington Post, RSUM. I think that's him. The enigmatic tubular son out of host a weekly show on SM satellite radio. The DC based pay radio provider. Pocil like the music offered commentary. Interview guests in the answer email from listeners during the one hour program, which will start in March. Exemse. No, you need to know that. That goes on about the battle between ex-immensirious and about the big names they're hiring. And you audio audio. Of all the other work people at the hiring two on series because everybody else in the business got a contract. You audio audio. And it says ex-immensirious essentially are battling for the same pull of potential customers. Those who like radio enough to pay about 13 bucks a month. I wouldn't pay 13 cents. And in many cases by a new radio for about 50 bucks for scores of channels, which are mostly music and mostly commercial free. And basically the essence of the crux of this story and the post is that the Washington Post is that there just is going to be, it'd be like the old American football league in the NFL. And eventually they'll merge in at some point. They just can't have. Yeah, it's not going to be financially feasible to have two. So they'll merge and all be like all of the jambal on together. Jambalai. They'll jam on it. And then you can hear our lives. Samuels on there. Wow. And he didn't like the mist dry. How do you like that? You're fair. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You George Washington to take a lot of calls. I do have a, I got so much good stuff. I got Helen Thomas's article reported that Democrats had some courage. I will see your resides after charges of fraud litigation. See if he's a crook. That why should we doubt that he helped just that you promised up Bushwin Ohio. There. Man faces 50 years for sex with bride 14. I'll see. This is just a turn around with the story I yesterday about the teacher 37 years old. I thought you got knocked up by the 15 year old boy. Self-owned banded please guilty. Doug Thompson to rant. I got a lot of stuff. And I got worried. Dowd. What read this. Don't you think those are all. And also. All right. Ryan scary will play and did Clark. It says, I'll make it a appearance on the New Year's Eve show. This year's 76. They're going to wheel him out like a little lump on a chair. Like Kate Smith. You talk me into it. Let's have some of those stories. No. You said no. You said we got. That's before you said. You said take your recall that you not say that. He did say that. There may call it comes in. You said take him. So it's good stuff. As soon as. Do I do I. Or not. Have good stuff. You know, they'll live. It's like last year's. They'll roll. Like my. Like my. It's so stale. That's why they call these. Stay around your show. I got news for you. You want to start talking about show material and about numbers man. Oh God. Nice piece though. Q. How are you doing? Pretty good. Listen up. The series stock is far like a rock. And you know, I'm a shareholder. If you look at what they're going to pay hours. Like five years a half a billion dollars. Right. I'm really. For five years. Hundred times earnings. I've been made a profit. It's impossible for the thing to say about water. It's absolutely impossible. How many. I got to have just to pay his salary. Okay. So the guys is they're forget about them. I really did. They wanted me bad. But then of course the beasties helped to see a lack of faith. Or maybe it was just a bunch of crap in the first place. You know, maybe one morning Stern woke up and said, oh, let's get that. Fag for Miami on you. And then they have a few days later. Well, it's not. I think it was the bad mistake I made though of re doing this contract with Joyce and with Caroline. Not with Greg. Great. Great. He's not on my contract. Which is probably just as well. Follows rumors are true. W. W. That was great. Q. I am hello. Jumbo. I like the looks of this button. You know, kind of like put my thumb on it and the button too. Yeah, it's good feeling. W. Q. I am hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I got two things for you. Where were you when Mum first didn't say Dory? And I remember you who who did more. Yeah. I got a shameless request. Yes. Hey, you built in 뉴�?ullah Fatiyal. Question, where are we at? It's an assönt. Well, the problem, I think we can actually play that. Let's see, what is that called? Is it called? L. Miller and Clinton and Bubba and L. Miller and ghost. Before I played, I'm not really sure. Because if something we might.. Well, although he is good. Yeah, right. There he is. Finish? We're going to deflehave. What if he could find her? Well, bisa Earnest's and I can not give up. From his walk? We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning. We'll be forward with David's siblings. He'll be happy to visit us every week. You t x E His loves, his loves. His loves. His loves, his business. His business. His us, his business. his us, their business. His we growing in the ground His friends Shopys www.Must werentill whats even My fans watched me tell him the first of all in the I beg your pardon that's a gold no forget about that I had jammed on it that guy was probably on the property of the court in the list of the lyrics over and over again don't be trying to push your crap over on us okay because we got we got seventeen thousand different delays so speaking as shyly be nice is really jewish boy from the europe uh... what is it that you did speaking of who did more uh... what were you doing with him up there i mean in the business i never worked with him up there well i don't understand that i must have this all backward i thought that you worked with him in some capacity of their you were producer of their for some needed and that he had you come down to work on his show when he uh... pushed out that i mean when that uh... moved on now i was already down here and i worked with him down here as the first time i've worked with him first i've a matter of actually was down here do you understand this your your you want to know that he's speaking is really again i don't understand that is to be was a time of a way though that we were getting pedal that he brought shy down from the europe to work out to be a producer i don't know if uh... brought down from the europe was the story that we didn't bring you down who told you this or he brings a lot of people down that's what i meant who told me that that what did you get the story from uh... what exactly what i heard well what did you hear let's uh... that this around was that they got this guy from New York you know producer i see so that was when you work to show on this station is the first time you're working with him that is correct awesome what do you want to be with him it's nineteen twelve million five sixty w dot dot dot dot dot you're a m when you shopping for shoes comfort and fit and value that's the three ingredients and it's all a bit so do this marting especially doing a holiday's man you can go stock up on some great gift ideas or for your own five feet get over the brandy's for the most comfortable fit your favorite star was using the top names and the two business they got them all they got echo four shime rock port s a s mafisto new bounds and be sure and tell money going in that Berkeley center by the will be in their pants laughing at you and brandy's professional shoophators will make sure you've got a customized figure favorite comfort you every time just as for our need he'll take good care of brandy's even specializing wide widths for people like the beast of that real fat feet brandy's worth the trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit that you want selection like i've been telling you for a very long time always think of brandy's or find brandy's at twelve ninety north federal high-win pop and obese brandy's open every single day of the week Monday through Saturday's till nine and every Sunday till five in this week is a stupid spend a time at brandy's because you can take an extra twenty percent off on selected men's and women styles choose the top names again too s a s naturalizer floor shime spary and rock ports as well so be sure to get your ass into brandy's this week to say a ton of cash or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy'shuge dot com this is neolruggers this is five sixty two eight let's rate for three the old big charred that's how we've asked the time all right in the game jale do you see all reading to the last book yeah i know it's not even sure could not be just what you over and oh no what you Sound a little i got enough i gotta think about a public and right no reading itself It's all cuts go That's the goal. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right. Watch your back. That's right. You won't wait for those no more. No more fat men for a bunch of fat fat men. You won't wait for those no more. Oh, brother, all that's my body, don't understand. How you can leave from a drop while you was in both hands. That's it. That's what you made a rating small. You just like lifting it all your fault. That is straight in your flat ass out. You won't wait for those no more fat men. What's your fault? That's right. Watch your back. You won't wait for no more. No more no more. Don't cast your back back. Take it back. Do it yourself. You won't wait for those no more. And then what we said? That's right. So you won't wait for those no more. No more. You won't wait for those no more. I'll see you back. You won't wait for those no more. I'm going here. I'm going there. But you said you got that gravity. I know what we're trying to do. I'm trying to do it. Tom and I still know. And don't forget, we got the mole mice to read too as obnoxious as ever. And then we got Mad Dog's last show at the year on the label. It's December 14 and this is the end of the line. Might be him be doing the real pre and post game shows. That stuff on Sunday, you know. But as far as the Mad Dog show for the seventh today is it for the end of the till the new year. For example, tomorrow you got like Joseph Gackie, it's monkey bones. And don't forget. Joseph Gackie sucks. Okay. I'm going to my pile. I'm not going to pay any attention to your ears. Bad as McGill. They're hurting me from my appointed ground. He's so high love this story. That was just a little bit. I know that but you said you should take every call. And the shy was in him and he was a witness. Okay. All right. We're live for him because he's in his really. We never live. Yeah, right. And it's really not correct me if I'm wrong about this because never having been there and having no intention of going there. It's really, it's a big Hebrew. They don't and most Israelis don't understand you. They should make a correct about that. That is correct. And why is that? They anti-Semitic or something. What's that all about? Because they speak the real Jewish language. No, no, no, no, no. We got a German. Only a Jewish German. Yeah, I got nothing to do with those people. Okay. That is you, crowd. Yeah. I guess well, it costs a hoist. Well, really all the times which part of the world you're from because you know, Israel is either from the European side of speak inish or Middle Eastern one, so actually speak Arabic as well. Arabic. Oh, yeah. I'm actually going to be very quietly. Very quietly. Speak softly and carry a big mizzazard. Anyway, Senator Stevens put his own decency bills on the back burner. Well, thank God, we can take a sigh of relief. A shy opportunity to be providers and unspecrated, separate tiers of family-friendly channels and revamped the current rating systems. It appears that in decency inspired legislation would be put aside for the time being. Senator Ted Stevens, for our business and Republican from Alaska, told reporters that if the new cable fans have said it's factory, the four potential anti-dc bills will be put back on the, will be put on the back burner. They're on the back burner, okay? They're burning, but they're on the back. They're burning everybody's back to him. According to Hollywood reporters, even said, I'd say no need for legislation now. We'd have to give it a chance to work and see if it works. We're not going to start regulating the industry to extend of saying people can't produce these things that I don't want to see. Because there are people out there who do want to see them. Well, how about that? That's pretty what I'm in that. Of course, but we ought to prevent those from being taken into the American homes that it can be exposed to children to the extent possible. There you go. We don't want kids to like the, the godfather. Stuff like that. Table providers such as Comcast and Time Warner have agreed to look into creating digital cable subscription packages. They eliminate certain stations from those tier such as MTV. Oh, thank God. We don't want you to see MTV. And comedy central. I wish you're on one. You'll see the Daily Show. Additionally, the TV rating system will end. We certainly don't want you to see South Park and those party mouth little kids. Okay. That's the last thing that anybody needs to see. When you agree, I agree. I mean, it's the pervert always all to your kids. And it's the, but I do believe that's a, I don't know. I just discovered that, you know. I think of all the thousands of kinds that are played there. No, I'm upset about that. There's always had. I know. Additionally, the TV rating system will further scrutinize and possibly brought in line with the movie ratings. MPA had Jack Valente, who really considers himself, he is like such a big shot. You can't believe it. Oh, yeah. Jack Valente agreed to assist in the ratings ever. And the need of the Congress, nor the FCC can strip away from the people. They're right to choose whatever they want to see here or why. So that's what you think, Jack. It's in the long term interest of this country. He says to make sure the Congress and regular three agencies do not intrude in the rights that are writ large in the Constitution. They're rich. Not it. Oh, yeah. They're written. This guy, this funny, baloney, the chief executive officer of electronic voting company, Di Bold, who once famously declared that he would deliver a Ohio for president Bush and did, by the way, has resigned to affect him immediately. Immediately, if not sooner, you ought to see a picture of this guy bald headed. Looks like a real far-bissel with a bow tie. You know, I'm saying, Far-bis, that's what they say in Israel, isn't it? All the time. Yeah. I'm not sure, John. I'm not sure, but I don't even understand most of the English word. Now you understand the English? I do not. I mean, why don't we have to be this? No, I don't. I don't know if you believe you, man. You're not like, this is really a man you're getting. He's the real deal. You're the real. Yeah, you're the English. He's the English to me. I'll speak to you. No thanks. A lot of her. I'll bet. Right. I'll talk to her. I'll handle my mouth. I'll handle my mouth. Well, you got to eat a lot of deli to get all this in the mouth. Yeah, that's why I've been using deli so much. Great. That's funny. The light back to right all those words real nice. Not a nice, that cheese blunts is with sour cream. The board of directors in Wally, O. Del, mutually agree that is the city and the resign at this time for personal reasons was the best interest of all parties. The company due to Chairman St. Nett. O. Nelson resignation comes just days after reports from BradBlog.com that the company was facing imminent securities fraud litigation surrounding charges of insider trading once a work always a crook. It also comes on the heels of a roster and if you would die bold insider who raised new allegations of technical woes inside the company as well as concerns that die bold. Oh, I want you to listen very carefully. Thank you. Radio boys and girls. Forget about Sandy Claus. As well as concerns that die bold may have missed handled elections in Georgia and Ohio. Uh-huh. Diabols CEO Thomas Swadarsky will take O. Del's place. It's been a very challenging year for the company Swadarsky said. We're beginning to make progress to improve some of our performance issues. We do start cost-rocked through by addressing inefficiencies in our manufacturing supply chain and software development processes and is still priced discipline throughout the company. A. In a story last week, Ross Storay recounted allegations made by Diabol and Sider who said he slash she had become disillusioned after witnessing repeated efforts by the firm to evade meeting legal requirements or implementing appropriate security measures and who lives the double and put corporate interest ahead of the interest of the voters. I've absolutely had it with the dishonest stadium Sider said. Last thing Raleigh O. Del, the president and Diabol who just said by a buy, the whistleblower won under was Spain behind the scenes tactics of the company's officers. There's a lot of pressure in the corporation to make the numbers. We don't tell you how to do it, but do it. O. Del is probably the number one culprit putting pressure on people to source said. The whistleblower also quite dimmed to the company where some cities had missed handle the 2002 Georgia Global Nutrarch election in voting in Ohio this year. Diabol spokesman David Bear and one of his kids are running there. Remember running there and another little white dog. Diabol spokesman David Bear and the charges. Diabol is a sterling reputation in the street where he said it's 144 year old company can serve on the best companies in the industry. Especially by the public. Especially by working for business and adding. So you can say for a business and life was a shadow and all that means. What's that? You want me to give you the definition of our business? Okay. Okay. Didn't you work with? Yes. That's for a business. That's what you need to know. Okay. Here's the alert. Look at that. 1100 votes. I just cranked the baby up over there and so 1100 round the nose. That's beautiful. And the nice thing. That's nice. I mean, we didn't have a huge head start because I start. You have to keep on our website man because you never know where that new pole is going to pop up there. 1100 floor right now. And I don't like this. Full of all kinds of boring. I'm not a poor usual say you like to wonder more of though. Okay. Okay. Wait. Huh? Get where you're all these other. Last two hours. If you want calls and last two hours, you take them off of your. How's that? Yeah. Well, I don't know if I got two hours worth of stuff here, but I just I want to give to it to all my cram. Please do. I mean, a more in dog column, which these people would have to pay to read is the Pentagon's spying on Americans. If only Democrats had some courage by ancient Helen Thomas who for the old bit and the rant by your friend Doug Thompson from Capitol Hill blue and stuff like that. Just this is sampling there for you to what you're appetite and those people who you have there. Let me tell you it's noon. I mean, rush is on now. Frank and his on. Right. Now, Frank and no take no stupid polls. But boy, if he started it could only be an improvement. A lot of good stuff to be the end of course. Don't forget the juice and what's the city, the Goldsteinburg cramps. But having to do these sports craft man about shack and. And Gus Farad and Gus Farad and Farad and Farad. The holiday season's all about commercialism 253. A pain in the ass 245. Many of these are the correct answer by the way. My favorite time of the year 147 will happy holiday. Do you know Rick or otherwise or a very or religious whatever you like a polished net 97. It's okay 89 come see come saw men's a men's a two expensive for me 67 my most hated time in the year 63. It's 262. I hate this toll 46. How about I just hate everybody? Let's put that on I'm there. I need everything and everybody. Well, let's do it. And a time to pick out 35. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Farad Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8. Um. All right. On the first day of the day. My favorite game. A picture of my favorite. On the second day of the day. My favorite game. Two fingers straight all the way up. I'm a third day of the day. My favorite game to me. Turn me on the shirt. Two fingers straight all the way up. I'm a picture of my favorite game. Oh, why? What's that real thing on the head? That's your favorite. On the fourth day of the day. My favorite game to me. Well, because you can't eat three of these shirts. Things that braille songs. No. Three of them. I made it out of play. And when I wanted watching, I felt the thing away. No, but that nice lightning. Whoys? On the fifth day of my call. My favorite yell that me. Well, one ticker Chris, my dream. What's in the gown? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not watching candy. Not watching shirt. Not watching trails. Or a picture of my favorite. Oh, man. On the sixth day of my gun. My favorite made me sing. Everybody's gonna be a snack. You're gonna have a snack. I've been strong every year. In front of my friend. Oh, I'm a fan. On the seventh day of my gun. Not bad. My favorite made me sing. Everybody's gonna be a snack. Oh, man. Get my brother rich. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. Oh, it's a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. Oh, man. This is a snack. On the eighth day of my gun. My favorite made me. Nothing that I wanted. Seven baby latches. Get my brother rich. Where is my Christmas tree? Now we approach a candy tree. That's a shirt. Can't think of trails. And a picture of my favorite. Oh, man. I'm gonna have a snack. I'm all for happy Chinooka, by the way. It's the festival of lights. Isn't that what they call it? That's what they call it. The festival of light. And I don't know. Anyway, I just changed the pool. Did you? I don't like that first one. The joy what you say. I did. I just changed the pool. All right. And you might want to put a little lot in the box. I don't know if Eric's listening probably he is. But something on our stats page looks very alarming and disturbing to me. Like the hits. Too many hits. And I think you're the one that's taken him. This, like almost nonexistent. It just doesn't compute with the rest of what's going on. Everything else on there is fine. But they're one column. Just maybe you want to take a puket. It just had a little heads up for Eric in between by so to sandwich. So the final total on the first pool. In the next 27-hour holiday season is all about commercials in 262, Pinley has 248 and I favor time the year 149. Apollas, midnight 9 and a parkridge in a pair of tree. Okay 91. Too expensive for me 68. I'm most hated time in the year 64. It's fun 63. I hate this pool 46. A time to pick out 35. I hate everything in everybody too. Oh, it's too bad we're inside up there a while. But anyway, here's the new pool. You looking at it. You're taking a peek at it. Now I know we did this once before, but now he's great choice as on it though. on it though. The last thing most guys want to be called is, well let's look over we got on here so far. Affeminate three. Oh my god. You're fairie. Dumb three. A wannabe one. Petty one. Wimplone. And the other choices on there are phony. A loser. A hole. Beautiful. A crook. Lire. Powered. Fat of me or Fag. Got there. Got it. Can we leave one of those? Let's see. I think you will let one off there, Erika. We're not leaving one off after fat was pretty. Why she'd pretty on there? Speaking of pretty. On his own, it's not. I don't see you do it. There it is. It's got one vote. Yes, pretty. Every day, there was one. Erika says they're using a new hosting company for the stats page and he will send you an email later about whatever issue you may be having. Well, they're not doing it right. Well, he's on it. Okay, leave it to me. See, Eric's the money gets straight enough. But I'm always I'm always the eagle eye man. I got my eye on it. The evil eye. The evil eagle eye. I'm always right on top of that baby. Look at that. It's all way up to minus six already. It's almost like a 20 degrees plus Fahrenheit. Now exciting. Man faces 50 years for six with bride 14. Expecting couple cross-day lines to marry fall sitting in a brass. Good. A 22 year old man faces up to 50 years in prison after playing guilty yesterday to sexual assault charges filed after he impregnated and then married a 14 year old girl. If was good enough for juryly Lewis and she was his cousin by the way back then was she 12 or 14 or whatever. Then was good enough for this guy. She was like 13 or something. Yeah, who juryly Lewis is a cousin. Right. And anyway, now if you cozo legally married the girl in Kansas after she became pregnant, the girl 14 year old crystal cozo gave birth August 24th of a girl Samara sent him with sifra for board the seven legally married her in Kansas, even though they were in Nebraska's in across the state line. Now it's interesting that Kansas being in the stone age being way back into dark ages of human race. It's not amazing that they're like all what up into arms about all this stuff in the textbooks and in tells and design all this crap. And yeah, I think it fits right in. Sure. It's just like Georgia if you're like five years old, you can get married as long as the parents say, okay. Right. You got a nice big fat dowry. Why not? Or the other way around, but they didn't evolve from lookies. You're been to Georgia? Yeah. I have. Don't insult the monkeys by the way. The gender, maybe they evolved from David Jones for nature a smell like it. The case generated international meat and tension when Nebraska attorney general John Bruning filed first to be sexual assault charges against cozo and July. Cozo's travel schedule began Thursday as in tomorrow. Bruning said that cozo is a friend of the girls half brother. They can start to get like that. Oh my god. He's a friend of the girls half brother and began relationship with her when she was 12. All right. Nebraska requires people to be at least 17 before they can marry. State law also prohibits people 19 in order of her having sex with those on the age of 16. After the girl became pregnant her mother gave permission for cozo to take her daughter request to say line to hi a watha Kansas. Hi a watha. There is no minimum age from origin Kansas. None. As in maybe that's why there are so many fetus huggers. They maybe like to marry one. We'd like to marry my fetus sure. Or maybe you could marry an embryo. Yo yo. There is no no that's. Exactly. There's no minimum age from origin Kansas. But state law requires anyone under 18 line to marry a half permission of both parents or a guardian or a guardian angel. If there's no parent or guardian permission from a judge is required. Here come the judge. Cozo's lawyer willus Yosel Yosel has said that the girls mother and cozo's parents approved of the marriage. The girls father has no family for some time. Oh boy. Kansas governor Kathleen Sebelius recently said she was asking legislators to establish a strict ban on marriage involving anyone under 18 to 16. The governor said the legislature should also be tender requirement for parental or judicial consent for those age 16 or 17. Over there are our photos starting to take shape now. Flag is rushing right to the top. Would there be any doubt? Well I would have heard of it. Well, flag at a feminine both seem to be doing very nicely. Thank you. How about German company what you called him? See I've never had the pleasure. Well, wait to see the movie. You will watch the movie because you're like to look some more time this often. I won't uncabel for free. The most amazing the most the last the last thing most guys want to be called is Flag 13. If feminine nine a phony for dumb for how about a dumb fat phony? That's like sure. Fanny. A fat four. A loser three. Coward three. Pretty three. See I told you that guys don't want to be called pretty even if they are pretty. What if they have a party now? No, I'm not talking about pretty mouth. Oh, when three, a lot of be one liar one ugly one. A whole none. Beautiful none and the crook none. So that's interesting pretty three three four but beautiful. Okay. What a beautiful guy, you know? But pretty guy. Oh, pretty uh, get squeamied about that. Is the Pentagon spying out America? Oh, that's a movie. A year ago at a Quaker Media and I've actually had a piece on this on the NBC last night. Did you watch Brian? I said, I said, I said, he's got two sets of teeth on the bottom. Did you ever notice that he sharked? I didn't. I just noticed what in the front and one behind. I'm positive about that. He's got a com head of 48 teeth. Like a fat. He said, oh, he said. A year ago at a Quaker Media House in Lake Worth, Florida. Oh, my God. A small group of activists meant to plan to protest the military recruiting at local high schools. What they didn't know was that they're meeting and come to the attention of the West Military. A secret 400 pages of French Department document obtained by NBC News and loosely like Worth meeting is a threat. And one or more than remember the meeting and it wasn't San Diego and Fernide 9 11 remember that with the cookies. Yeah, well, they didn't have those dangerous cookies. One of more than 50 hundred suspicious incidents across the country of a recent 10 month period. This peaceful and occasionally related group of been called threat is incredible. It says, EV Grascha, a member of the Florida group called the truth project. This is incredible. As group member Rich Hirsch, it's an example of paranoia of our government. He says we're not doing anything illegal. The Defense Department document is the first inside located how the US military stepped up intelligence collection inside this country since 9 11 which now includes the monitoring of peaceful anti war and counter military recruitment groups. I think Americans should be concerned that the military in fact has reached too far says NBC News military analyst Bill Arkin. The Department of Defense declined repeated request by NBC News for an interview. A spokesman said that all domestic intelligence information is properly collected and involves protection of defense department installations. Interest in personnel. The military has always had a legitimate force protection mission inside the US to protect its personnel facilities from potential violence, but depending on now collects domestic intelligence that goes beyond legitimate concerns about terrorism or protecting US military installation of the British peace and. The DOD database of standby NBC News includes nearly 4 dozen anti war meetings of protests including some that have taken place far away from any military installation post a recruitment center. One incident so-called incident involved the database is a large anti war protest to Hollywood and violent LA last March that included FG's a President Bush and anti war protest banners. Another incident mentions a planned protest against military recruiters last December in Boston and a planned protest last April ed. McDonald's National salute to America's heroes a military air and sea show in for Lodderdale. The for Lodderdale protest was deemed not to be a credible threat and it column in the database concludes US group exercising constitutional rights. What a concept. Talk about a retro concept. 243 while back in the day you know, 243 other incidents in the database were just kind of because they had no connection to the Department of Defense Anti-Augherment in the database and Uncle Sam is got his eagle eye on your ass. This is New Roger. This is the two A. John. George, this is next year from your speech earlier in the week. Every new citizen of the United States has an obligation to learn our customs and English language. Do you think you can even speak English? Well, sometimes I'm mangled English language. I get to. Anyway, sometimes it sounds like years and like you're speaking bulk in or something. Maybe I need to learn the communicate better. Gee, it's pink and as any of you wanted to tell for a mastery of the English language can thank you. Just look what it did for me. I've got a friend. Bush and North, the city of New Orleans. Yes, some of the people down there say he failed. He's a good friend. He's a good friend. He's a good friend. He's a good friend. He's a good friend. He's a good friend. George Bush was a case in Maine and Croftland. I guess it's here, though. The world's on wild knees, the city of New Orleans. Or the half-jose and their fellow, and food is far enough. Well, guess who I was wondering witnesses for two keys execution in California. Who? A class be hung. She's so ridiculous. She makes her rather look like an assuray journalist. That's how a ludicrous she is. That's not what I cannot she speak. But she's always there to listen to her. But she can, and I thought he looked very mean and very young. Pretty simple. You know, it may not seem to be seen as desperate. And that's obvious. Helen Thomas' Democrats are desperate too, and she happens to be. Absolutely correct. She says if Democrats only had some courage. I don't want to start reading all bunches stuff here, but you don't want to do. Start reading a whole bunch of stuff. There you go. All right. And then we'll fix and cause later on in the S&, which is where most them belong. Oh, and somebody flashed in. I would really, I would just have to call it the P word. Oh, yeah. Go ahead and put that on. Put it on there. You would you agree? No, no, no. This is what we call the P word. Can't say it though. Even though there was a character in a very famous James Bond movie with that name, but we can't say that neither. Somebody better tell that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's right. Big big. Big. Every taking big. Yeah. If Democrats only had some courage. Washington is about time that the Me Too Democrats, especially those in Congress who vote with the Republicans so often, stand up and be counted to Helen says, too many Democrats are titillating around the major issues facing our nation of freight adventure out of the mainstream. This is a big mistake. At a time when the nation is begging for true leadership, we're begging over here. Democrats with regards to be leaders could have a field. They pointing up at millions of Americans like health insurance. And a 37 million in a fall and below the poverty line. Soon they will no longer be able to claim that there's a caring political party because they won't have ever. Any evidence that this is true. Take for example the case of Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, please. Instead of endorsing universal health care, a topic she knows a lot about. Clinton is busy coastpotsing with Senator Robert Bennett Republican of Utah. A lot of our disintegration of the flag. Has anyone burned her flag lately? It hurts. Clinton is a leading contender for the Democratic presidential nomination, which might explain why she's busy pan-winged to conservatives. Instead of sticking out a leadership role on more important issues. The Democrats like a political courage is not voters with the choice of Republicans who call themselves that and Republicans who call themselves Democrats. The result of GOP gets a free ride. President Bruce has been weakened this year in the allegations of corruption among GOP leadership have hurt the party. Democrats have a golden chance to hammer away the mistakes made by the Bush administration and to support Representative Jack Murth of Pennsylvania who's made a dramatic and courageous call for the withdrawal of the troops from Iraq within six months. Murthas has been Senate college to rush to embrace him. Instead, many of them are scattered to the winds. Carefully parsing out the stinctions that they claim proved that they're not like Murtha. The Pennsylvania Democrat is a newly minted dove. He was in the Marine Corps for 37 years and had such post-sized to the Pentagon Brass that, simply, he's speaking for many of them and is called to end the war in Iraq. Murthas argues that he will confront less terrorism if the US ends at Tokyo Pace of Iraq. He also spreads that the US military will be caught in Iraqis of the war for its days behind. To the alarm of the right-leave Democrats, Murthas been joined by House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi who's endorsed his plan for a pull-out from Iraq within six months. But most House Democrats are taking the marching orders from Representative Rom and Manuola Villanoi Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and Representative Steni O'Hoye of Maryland, the second ranking House Democratic Leader who believe in a ghost-loast strategy. It was sad to see Manuola's cohorts failed to endorse Murtha despite the realization that Congress was holding a bill of goods in endorsing the war. The Manuola Democrats fled when Murtha took a strong stand. They also put a dam for Howard Dean after he said on Monday that the idea we're going to win this war is an idea that unfortunately is just plain wrong. White House press secretary Scott Murthal and said Dean was advocating the US should cut and run and retreat. Dean changes his tune on Thursday and proposed a strategic leader pleas of the 160,000 US troops in Iraq over two years. It's possible to imagine the twist marks on his arms left there by Timid Democrats. On the domestic side, the Democrats should put a put on a whale-lighted marquee, the fact that the Republican-controlled Congress plans to say $50 billion over five years by cutting food stamps, student loans, and by slapping new fees on Medicaid recipients of using child support enforcement, so much for compassionate conservatism. At the same time, the House on Thursday passed tax cuts totally $95 billion, sending a clear message that the budget deficit will continue to grow. The Democrats should learn from the cowardly liein story in the Wizard of Oz, the King of Beast Warren Courage and Limited, light-awaited Courage and Limited Life is said, believe me, Missy, when you're bored to be a cissy without the women verb. There's still time for a courage trans Blanky for the next lesson. Helen Thomas hopes and praised, echoed some of the rest of us, but don't hold your breath. I love that line about you could see the twist marks on Howard Dean's arm. Yeah, from the other Democrats. God, and of course from his, of our business wife. All keeps saying for our business shadow, no what that means. Huh, it does not. Well, we give my good example. How did nine votes on the new poll, baby? I'm really, I'm so glad I discovered the thing that I would have, I was already flipping out. When I looked at that thing on our website, see Eric, he made these changes. They're not that, you know, but what I got to do with it's only our show. You know, he's doing a wonderful job and nevertheless I look at that thing and I think, what's that? You know what I'm saying? What he said? Well, I don't, it's too technical. We don't want to get in around the year, but it's just, it looks bad. It's like, you know, but everything else under is just fine. So, who cares? Who cares how many hits we take and most George is the one taking him? That's right. The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 28. Did we add the OEM? We did add that with a capital P I see. Ha ha ha ha. The P word P, like, she'll forget that. I find it was like, he said. The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 28. You f***. A loser 14, if feminine 14. Coward 12, dumb 10, fat 8, you f***s Slab. A phony 6, win 5. The P word for a P. Pretty. There's another P word for it. I want to be 3, liar 3, a whole 2. Look at that. We got 2 words on the employer and we can't even say one of them we got. It's just said. Crooked 2, ugly 2 and beautiful. None. They all want to be called beautiful. But a real Roger. But not this is 5.16, you f***s. Whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they just like them like they were on the year. What a court to read, you know, hi, and I mean it's terrible. But he is at a book at listen until 6 p.m. And I'm a chair. Well, this expert, you don't want to old-friend anybody on your holiday gift list. I give them the new politically correct non-denominational holiday record. Who could possibly take issue with songs like these? Yes, we take in that you know, out of Christmas. We've got a lot of push on the green term on your bush. Make everybody happy. Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today. No one's here. You know whatever. Massage is great. I think their denim cover will be a big reward if we live on against women again. Dear 3 Another one going with her, on the show today and I guess Walter Sabo works there now. Walter Sabo? Yeah, oh my god. Hey, another good thing. He was talking about him today like you know, gutting all over him all. Walter Sabo is doing this for you. No. So, maybe he's going to play that song for me. That is just unbelievable. Yeah, I saw you. Walter Sabo was involved with series. Get serious, man. They're going to be dangerous now. Oh yeah, man. Hey, you guys have a half the all day. And back to you, Sally. I'm happy to hear that. You know, Chris Miss, I'm good. Have a happy Christmas in a movie. I've had a good whatever. Walter Sabo. Oh my god. I was carrying gay. I came doing. He's going to be on the other side. I'm going to fall. Hey, Walter. Hey, Walter. Hey, Walter. Hey, Walter. Hey, Walter Sabo. We're going to fight this with them. I want to hop inside myself and he called. I got the picture. The catch and he got him a hand. The fool of him is you, lady. O stop. I'm going to save our babies. I can do anything I want to do. I know you're so sweet, Robert. And I've got to make a song for you. But you're the best song. I've got a prep song. I'll help, baby. I've got to fall. Yeah, I've got the power to mold into the crow. Oh, you. Oh, you. You got me. You. We're going to all help away. You get your own show. I have a station down in Hollywood. And it doesn't tell me, you're ready to go. We're just the one that you can stroke people. I'm not ashamed of all that. And you'll do anything I want to do. Are you a good song for the woman? Spare your legs and I desire you. I'm never folio. Oh, you. Oh, you're a good song. I'm getting a little dark. Oh, that's why I'm like in salt and just an ass. Oh, yeah. Man. He's just an ass. Woo. What a quick finger on him. First on the round. I'm right there. That one. But I wasn't prepared for the acid. The end. Right. The whole thing. Oh, man. Anyway, that was beautiful. The last thing most guys want to be called is. A bag 39. If feminine at 19. How about. You're fairie. Howard 17. Allusia 15. The P word 12. Now, see, there are several P words on here. Which I can think of one begins with like PR. Which is nothing like a PR. But I think now what's that very popular kid food? I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. Which is nothing like a PR. But I think now what's that very popular kid food? Pusen boots. Is it a cat food? Yeah. Anyway, 12. Dumb 11. Fat 9. A phony 8. Wimps 7. Lyr 6. Pretty. Four. What a pretty guy. A wannabe 3. Ugly 3. A whole 2. Like Walter Sabo. Crooked 2. Beautiful one. Huh? Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. I'm very important. Have a see a beautiful one. A beautiful guy. All the time. You haven't ever seen a beautiful man? Well, that's not what I was asking about nevertheless. You know, it's just, once you've once this man gets the show down of the gutter, there's no getting it out. You don't see it? Joyce, a choice coming in and drag his ass out. What is Jack Reed responding to Bush again? Bush made his Iraq pitch again today. Democratic Senator Jack Reed from Washington. That was so wonderful with that affected British accident because it's seen it international because they're cutting back out expenses. And so the simultaneous in this crap. Oh, God. Give us a break. US ranked number six among countries jamming journalists reports said, were a number six, dammit. Who did mole? The United States has tied with me and Mar. The former Burma. I don't even know if I'm saying that right. Is that how you say it? Me and Mar. I'll take your word for it. Mine. Well, you need to be Burma, you know where it is. Right. Judging down there looks like a little like a cow's uterus. The former Burma for six place among countries that are holding the most year to less behind bars. Well, what else does it look like? I think others, the word you were looking for. But I see uterus that comes under. I see other things. I'm sorry. I said uterus. That's bad. I don't think I've ever seen it. I begin with a uterus. I see other things that's hanging down. All right. I know about that stuff. Now I've came for the most. I've seen it. I see it. I told you. Once you started there's no turn and back. Okay, you read it. How's that? You read it. You read it. You told her. I'll call as you to risk my ass. Wow. According to a new report by the committee to protect your lives. Wow, we've got to see something. I'm going to be a color. I've got to write up in jail. I've never been to this show. Man, no more stale rods. I'll tell you that. Nothing's stale about tissue. We can almost smell it. Oh, don't do it. Come to QA. Hello. Thanks, story about George having a pain. Come to QA. Hello. Hey, me. I got one for your ball. Yes. Scrawning. There's a lot of guys out there who hate to be called Scrawning. Really? Oh, my god. It's like a major blow to the ego. You know, they're not big and strong. They're Scrawning. It's better than they're called a by a woman. Okay? Thank you. Thank you. Scrawning, you got it? That's not. Scrawing out on there is Scrawning. I'll add, I don't see too many Scrawning guys anymore. Not too much. No more. You used to be a lot of Scrawning guys. That's all you want. I don't want to. You do put question about how do you sell Scrawning with like a W. With a W. S C R A W and Y. Scrawning. Kind of rounds with punks of Tony and Brody. Right. Opposite. Like your paper towels though, Brody. Right. Yeah, that's going to be our full next hour. What's your favorite brand of paper towel? And then after that turlet paper, Mr. Wipple. Actually, you know, I found that some generic brands of turlet paper are wonderful. They're really company your. W. S C R A M. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. You? Yes. Hey, it's Calvin. Calvin. I'm moving back for my 10 years ago. I've got on the bench. Calvin and Ian. Calvin and Ian. Yes. How are you? Oh my god. How are you? How are you? How are you? Well, the reason I'm calling today, that kind of beach again and for a lot of that. But the reason I'm calling is that you are calling. Yeah. The guy you called an earlier to complain about you talking about brush. That was Ian. Oh. They was Ian calling. He's just going to talk about both back then and you're talking about brush. That's all I've talked about is brush now. Well, what does that mean? I don't know. I don't know that. Thought he talked about it's brush now. Well, maybe he changed his. Wow. I know a lot of guys who talk about that on style. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562. Oh, go, go, go. They're flying. They're flying. They're flying. I'm tired out of here. You and me, we come from different worlds. I like to wear my sideburns with them like those curls. Something I'm crazy. They wonder why. I go out dressed like this. It's cos I'm all the way by. But there's nothing I can do to always. I'm happy I was going to do. You look at me and it's very clear to see. I don't believe in Jesus Christ the Vinyl team. I won't eat. Not because you're a cow. I'm a potato pancake show. What if it's as far right now. But there's nothing I can do to. I'm happy I was going to do. You and me, we're all the way. You and me, we're all the way. Put on a little half-half. And dress up really strange. And I'll stand to the afternoon searching my couch or change. I call them my best friends out. We'll go after my eyeballs. They know they'll admit I've forgotten my wallet. And they'll pay for me. I can't help it if I'm stingy. I'm happy I was going to do. I'm happy I was going to do. I'm happy I was going to do. I'm happy I was going to do. I'm happy I was going to do. I'm thinking of being a... I'm happy I was going to do. That should drop in. This is the opposite. I'm happy I was going to do it. People eat those. People eat everything. 1246-14 till one is almost that time. Maybe the moment or the moment he's got a single-leading show for it. For two to four, which would be the first. Then we got mad dog his last show the year. I just still can't go over that. Can you believe it? Why not? It's hard to believe. You've held in our concern. You're a co-superwoman. You've learned a lot of things. The chronic's just when you think they're long gone. Right. They resurface. And they're causing. Imagine of all things to be proud of. Yeah. As in. I have no life. Right. Ex-deftly cops playing get three years probation and BS. Oh, records falsification case just in. How often press. BS-O-Deftly Edwin Aria split a guilty today to falsifying police records. Was sentenced to three years probation. For making up confessions that included blaming Bertleries on a dead man and a guy who was imprisoned at the time of the crimes. Aria's 35th of a barricade court house by a side door. Without answering questions. After entering his pleas and agreeing to become a state's witness against his fellow cops and the two-year state attorneys investigation of the BS-O-Deftly Edwin Cases. And June, who he charged with five felony counts of official misconduct for closing out by exception open Bertler investigations through on true confessions. They were on true Wednesday's plea agreement call from to admit to three misdemeanor counts from a severe consecutive probation for each. Yadiyah. His attorney, Howard Moldov, said that we're going to fight like crazy to keep area certified as a law enforcement officer and hope is of misome day of Tang and Java, the other police department. They're going to fight like crazy. Ready for that? I'm ready. Hand over fist. Tooth and nail. As in, do not go to jail. Probation suspended a sentence. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I've got to read the answer. I can't do it. Oh, you can. I've got to scratch you throw, man. I'm running. And then I'm reading out on the edge. I'm back to wake from the end. I think I'll be out sick last couple days before vacations over the auto. I kind of like that. I showed up an hour and a half late on Friday. Probably was busy catching that chick. W2AM, hello. Can I speak the nail? Speaking. In the nail. I'm going to tell you a quick story about the Stanley Gansler. So, okay with you. And, uh, one. So, how many of you can you hear the radio is taking the off-position. The late great Stanley Gansler who died not too long ago. Yeah. What's up? I don't think so. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Thank you. Thank you. What? That was already losing consciousness. Well, no, I mean, we have four people in the audience who don't think about harness racing. And I don't want to tell the story again about how Ellen Fickles and brought Stanley Dancet to my table. And I can cost me a lot of money because he thought I was hanging a lot of talking about football. And I was trying to bet to one horse. And then the four broken fat rich had the two over to seven eight nine. And, et cetera. Nobody cares. W2AM. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, pal. Hey, that's happy holidays. You got one for the Paul for you. Okay. I don't think there's any man like you called LIP. You know, HIP. Okay. LIP. You know. Okay. See, connected. You know, you can't make the dots. I'm going to make it. Okay. You can put, you can put the whole thing on. If you want to put it on, he will put in WIP. WIP. Okay. Like, WIP. A lot of guys like, like being whipped. And chain. And chain. And tied away bag. All of these things. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Well, I tell you, we sure had that square button working fever today. I don't know what that's all about. That's all about. Huh? Let's be shy. Yeah, must be shy, but it must be the Israeli fact. You know, DBS and dangerous and perverted. He's definitely. Bring it out of them. I don't know. I thought it was Israelis on that thing on BBC or CBC. I just, I don't know any of those people. I don't know who any of those people are. And no, seriously, they're not like any Jews ever known. I like, I've known a lot of Jews in my time. Like my family, although tell with them. But I just, I never made any Jews like those people. It's a special breed. And that's why that's why it's so bizarre that the Palestinians in the Israelis can't get along because they're basically the same. You know, they got different fairy tales. But other than that, they're basically the same. They're all circumspect. Right? Right? Yeah? And they're like semites. Yes? Right? And they like, you know, dig holes in the sand to build, whatever the sand cancels or whatever they're for. It's the same. Five thousand years have been killing each other. I guess they keep doing it because somebody told them that your tradition is good. Why do we sell it right on a go? I don't know. It's tradition. God willing. God wants you to kill those people. Exactly. He told you so right in the good book. God is a loving God. But whatever you do, and don't miss one of them. Okay. I don't leave one out and cut the babies out of the womb too. And so it's going to happen. And watch out for the cause, you to risk whatever you do. Just can't believe. I don't know. I was it was good. It was good for a couple of yaks. Well, what do I know from you to recite? I don't know any of the drugs complicated. You'd write. Yeah. You'd write. You'd write. It's not in my league. It's out of my category. Thank God. Land. And of course, there were probably more times you were thinking the same thing would have been. But nevertheless, our house is a particular, I can think of. The last thing most guys want to be called is Fag 59. The P word is moved up to not 30 minutes like that. If feminine 25, coward 25, a loser 23, a loser. Dom 13. But nobody wants to be called a loser. Dirty. Our phone number 11, fat nine, with nine, liar eight, a lot of be six, pretty six, ugly six, beautiful four, a whole three, cook two, with one and scrawny. I don't know where that was coming from. I think that guy just made it up. Doug Thompson on the rant, publisher of Camerole Blue, who's one of the best, I think I like his cause more than anybody. He's great. Because he really just, he don't, he don't hold anything back. Just rips an ass. Does that beat around the bush? That he does. And we like that. Although it's getting ponderous, you know, according to a, and so you know that it was a chronic. Yeah. Wouldn't you know that? No, it's life guards. Good God. And I'm very, as the dank rain is of late fall and early winners settled in over the nation's capital, a winner storm over its own rage inside the White House. George W. Bush's senior advisors, Franck over what to do about the president's punting approval numbers, argued over conflicting strategies. The president's intent to use veterans days of rallying cry for forward to war in Iraq, fell flat on a skeptical public, and attempts to paint Democratic congressman John Mertha and honored Vietnam War veteran on patriotic proctus approval. The conversation with the White House, a GOP advises another close to the Bush administration, all of whom insist on anonymity for fear of retaliation from a president who views such actions as treason, a portrait of a White House torn by turf battles and finger-poning emerges. Yeah, and yet amid all this debate, a classic case of good cop bad cop political strategy emerged. President Shulchipa staff Andrew Card consider one of these senior voices within the administration argued against attacking Martha, rather planned attempts by presidential political guru Carl Roe to paint Democrats' cowards for opposing the war in Iraq. Card instead pushed a plan to put Bush on the road with the series of speeches, where the president would admit some mistakes in the war in Iraq but argue that the US must remain committed to the war and see it through. The plan angered Roe who never wants to present to a man error. Admitting mistakes is a side of weakness, Roe of argued. The only thing George W. Bush has left at this point is his leadership, his steadfastness, his resolve, you can't weaken that with a we were wrong strategy. Roe wanted to step up attacks on Democrats, castigating and eradicating with draw from Iraq and painting them as unamerican for opposing the war. We've tried that card shot back and didn't work. Roe argued that the plan would work if the White House didn't put changing strategy every time new poll numbers came in. Bush forced to choose between conflicting plans from two trusted aids to decide to give cards idea a try. His first speech met with Luke Warren views but his poll numbers showed us like bump, so the White House booked more speeches with Bush showing determination mixed with just an off-admission of error. But Bush wasn't ready to let the Democrats off or dare into a pose of monorack. He told Roe to find another venue to attack a opponent to the war, so Roe protted over to three ten first streets southeast, publicly Republican National Committee and pitched an inflammatory website that showed Democrats slinking away in surrender. Called retreat and defeat, the ad shows Democrats waving the White flag on Iraq and has brought instant condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans. Republican parties laid this ad as a shameful and disgusting attempt to distract the American people from the problems that are actually democratic centered Daniel anyway, Congress, Congressional, Medal of Honor winner from WW2, and may improve the presence of political fortunes, but the American people on our troops will pay the price. South Carolina Republican Center lensy Graham is equally outraged. I don't think it's appropriate. Howard Dean is wrong when he says we can't win. It doesn't mean he's not a patriot. John Kerry wants to get the force by two thirds. I think he's wrong, but it doesn't mean he's not a patriot Graham says. When asked if the H.B. Poled Graham responds, yes, I don't want to have a campaign about who's a patriot. I want to have a campaign that we unite the country, find consensus on Iraq, and talk about our political differences in terms of make us stronger, not weaker. So, anyway, I hope that President Bush realizes how shameful it is to play politics for what we really need his leadership, and that he'll direct this party to take down this ad immediately. Bush can't do that, in this case, Carl Roe did what he was told. He found another thing. He used what has become a favorite toy, the President of the US, cast anyone who opposes his policy as a traitor to the country, which of course is. I say on this, so it's a all-smaring sheer, shush, mirror tactic, maybe, smear it and smear it. And that's all they do. Everybody, Paul O'Neill, you name it. Everybody's anti-american, everybody's a traitor. Everybody's a true karma. Yeah. They're hurting them around with a true. This is so old, man. I mean, if Vietnam, they were going to send crap. Oh, you're hurting them around with a true true for these demonstrations. I'm sure that morale is really wonderful. Okay, we keep getting these fully reports from these retired generals on there. Oh, yeah, I was over there and the morale was very, very high. Yeah. That is among those guys who are still alive, right? And it's still got all of their body. It would be a few pommies that just shut up. That's right. If Huskamy Pinkos would just, and like what's his name says, the lifeguard, if we just lay off Bush, or wait, it's getting really ponderous. In fact, it's getting a little stale. This is a real rot, real rot. So this is 5.62. Jesus. That's the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Pinky theme with the high standards of raw castorinal. In the tradition of Edward Armero, Seemup Now, 5.62. WQAM presents now Seahead with Mojoui David. I was Mojoui David. I'll sing here. I don't know, Bighead. And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever I have. Now see here who did more for radio. New Rogers? Well, Hoybaskar Anderson. Ah! I said, Hoybaskar Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of Boating Radio. And at Pikesmuck, and he ain't no man. Why? Hoybaskar Anderson sang nice song. Oh, he had a... Hey, you're not your single-forker, I'm not an inmate. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm sure. That's a nail, singin' that a discouraging song about David, or a duton, or a no-head. And then a fag of the one, and he writes a minute and then he'll sing them. Now you know he's queer, but real men don't sing. And another, Hoybaskar Anderson was a lot better than the old two. That's the answer of maybe the best thing she can. On the next installment of, I'll see here who made a better cup of coffee. This is Olsen, or Jaggi Robinson. Gamad. Now see me here next time for a moan digdance. On, now see here. That bear over here. One or two at five, 60, WQM on the steel rod, your show, we got the new and refreshing and the man who's going to reinvent talk radio the whole Howard David show it to Mad Dog at four. And after that, forget about it, at least till ten. Worrying down writes, W. won't read this. Maybe so, do you read it to a moan? What do you think? Maybe now. No, never ask a guy who's in a bubble if he's in a bubble. He can't answer because he's in a bubble. But the NBC anchor Brian Williams, Gamedly gave it a shot, showing the president the news we cover, pictured him trapped inside a bubble. This says you've been a bubble Brian tool, W. You have a very small circle of advisors. Now is that true, do you feel in a bubble? No, I don't feel in a bubble, bubble boy replied. I'm not able to see the bubble because he's in it. I feel like I'm getting really good advice from my very capable people and that people from all walks of life have informed me and and informed those who advise me. He added, I'm very aware of what's going on. He swiftly contacted himself by admitting that this is the first time I'm seeing this magazine. His version of his dad's Newsweek Wimphactor cover and now he doesn't read News magazines. The anchor in the anchor writes, been a few and an hour, and a nine moments probing the depths of what is like to be president. I just talked to the president, and a lecture on Dures W. A lot of my job is foreign policy and I spend enormous amount of time with leaders from other countries. Brian, scroll for and whether W. Read anything or set one page memos. Talking about his mom, bubble boy returned the idea of the bubble. If I'm in a bubble, well, if there is such a thing as a bubble, she's the one who can penetrate it. I'll tell the guys that newsweek the anchor said, in-pushly. Is that who put the bubble story W. Asked first you didn't know about it, and now he's forgotten it already. That's the alluring memory cleansing beauty of the bubble. The idea that W. Read is getting good advice from very capable people is silly. I've been a station official to blown about everything from the occupation and natural disasters to torture. In the bubble they can torture while saying they don't. They can pretend that Iraqi forces are stronger than they are. They can try to frighten people to talk about how does dream of a new Islamic caliphate. Their latest attempt to scare Americans in supporting the war they ginned up. Whether or not it needed to happen the president told the anchor, I'm still convinced it needed to happen. The bubble work can even conquer the himself and not notice. W. Just contention that he's informed by people from all walks of life as a joke. As in his wacky assertion that he can reach out to the public more than Abraham Lincoln because he has your force one. Lincoln actually went to the front in his war with many balls whizzing by. But there was many balls. A musket balls. Oh. No funny turkey from a musket balls. Can we say that? Nothing more. No funny turkey for Abe. The president may fly all over all walks of life and air force one or drive by them and hide behind dark tinted windows. In his bubble he floats to a comforting world of Doding women respectful military audiences. Lowly over Republican donors and screen partisan groups with protestuous Democrats journalists critics and coffins of dead soldiers kept it bay. He's probably even been shielded from the outrage of John and Stacey Holly both American veterans who were shocked to learn that their only child Matthew Killing Iraq would be arriving in San Diego is freight on a commercial airliner. Jack Merth of the Hawkeye's Democrat close to the Pentagon and supported both wars against Iraq wades by the Bush's has been braying against the Bush isolation. He told Newsweek that a letter he worked to the president making suggestions about how to fight the Iraq war was ignored for seven months and brushed off by a deputy undersecretary defense. Even after he went public he still didn't get a call from the White House. If they talked to people he said they wouldn't get these offers. Mr. Merth of the old rolling still met the administration's deathness had doomed Iraq. Everything we did was missile plans that the military and the state government had in place they ignored him. The military tells me that when they were planning the invasion the administration would likely primary three star generals in the room. The president's bubble requires constant care. It's not easy to keep out huge transities like Katrina or flawed policies like Iraq. As Newsweek noted a foreign diplomat was startled when Secretary-state Riceworn him utterly bad news on the president don't upset him. She said, heaven forbid don't first his bubble. There's a million dollar today. Tommy Pinko. She tells it like it is. I said, I've never watched your MTV. She's horrible on TV, but her columns are great. She's tied with us. She's tied with us. She's just not going to keep reading them to us. Okay. Keep reading them to us. And that was the new column by the way, that's from this morning's New York Times. There was something new is supposed to like old and stay all like from last week. We don't want to be still. Keep it fresh. Keep it fresh. Keep it fresh. Nothing's stay all the way. And if it, huh, fresh and Christie. Right. Because if it's still like in the smell of it, it stinks. Two hundred ninety one votes on the new pool. We change it. You see, and I changed the pool. And that was bad. I shouldn't change the pool. Yeah. Oh well. I did it because I looked on that stats thing. I thought the boy did something wrong here. They must hate this pool. We're not going to come to find out that Eric has been, you know, playing fast and lose with some new off-it on there. It's got like a new system. So for like air. For air, we get on there. Like it's show for every 10, which shows like we get one. Or something like that. Like, I don't want to say. I think he's trying to declate my vignage. I like the hits to be exactly where you want. Yeah, all the hits all the time. That's what we want, Eric. All the hits all the time. WDQAM. Hello. Vinyl. Yes, sir. There's one behind that blight, Dolphi shows. Yeah, we have live donkey shows for your, uh, back to him. So get right over there. WDQAM. Hello. Start to know. Speaking. Daniel, how about cheap? Cheap is good. No, for your pool. That's what I'm saying. She feels good for the pool. I was in a member saying, oh, good. Thanks, Sally. Hi, buddy. See you. Cheap. All right. Nobody wants to be called cheap. I must of course they really are in almost proud of it. Unless it's their identity. Like some people I know. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. Do you want to have a few, do you? Hey, I'm in McDonald's meal. Yeah. And I just thought of the big Mac, but you're fried. Okay. Good. I hope you choke on it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 6, and they've fried me. Singular wireless line. I hope you choke on some other food too, why you're at it. That was utterly ridiculous, that. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Sally. Yes, sir. How about put George on the pole? Put George on the pole. Lasting one we call is Jackass like user. That's your buddy. That's your friend. Sure. Poor. Get a life. I have no life. What a bulletin. WQAM. Hello. Who vacations more? The pipe smoker? The mad dog? Or Henry at a gold book? Who vacations more? I like that. That's pretty good. That's great. Nice job. That's ginger and hen we had a deer. Well, he used to be ginger Rogers. Now it's tail rod. He's changing his mind. Or a little, yeah. At least it's something new. That's a tail. I don't keep it fresh. Not know. Like those dingo berries in that bag. Old and stale. I bet you we have to be able to. There's Jack Merthagans. Got to separate terrorism from the insurgency. Terrorism started in Afghanistan. Terrorism. We attacked Afghanistan. Everybody supported what we did in Afghanistan. The world supported what we did in Afghanistan. And we went into Afghanistan and started to clean that. Then we divided our attention to Iraq. Whether it was no terrorism before. No terrorist camps. No nuclear weapons. No biological chemical weapons. None of the things that we took to the store. We go to war and not start to ask the security interests. We don't go to war to start democracy in another country. We go to war for one reason. They're looking something. They're looking for anything. All right, we're a little cut off. Cut that old toe to offer their man. Cut that calming pink toe to offer there. That bitch. Uh-oh. Boss action LA causes multiple injuries. And there were four dogs. Got lost in Seattle to this week. Uh-oh. So they caught him off when they've speased being. There's showing somebody stupid as boss action. They like that. They're like that's a big bowl of. Right? That's used to cut his ass off. 30 seconds, huh? Shut up, Tommy. You're a man. Why do you hate America? Ha ha ha. How much time we got? The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 76 Fags are out in front man. Well, I thought Fags were in. Well, I can't say weird. I know. Don't they're supposed to be out? That was good. Just out of nowhere comes this voice. Yeah. They are supposed to be out. Let's out all of them. Okay. All you Faggot shot there stand up and be counted. Tommy Cruz. And how about you, Miss Fudge? The Fudge report. Fags 76 of P-word 43. Look at the way that baby is moving up there. Huh? That is not really ridiculous. How are 29? Affeminine 28. Allusia 27. Dumb 14. Fony 13. Lyr 11. Even Greg can't have a Latin of course he knows, yeah. Fat 11. Wimp 11. A whole seven. A lot of B6. Pretty six. Ugly six. How about pretty ugly? With five. Beautiful four. Book four. Scrawon E2 and cheap. Just one hundred, three or seven. I put that under two, still. I was okay. I was like, they like the other four. It was nothing like spicy to it. You know, the holiday season. Yeah, boring. Very boring. And very stale by the way. Yeah, right. Last year was fruit cake. I asked this, I think when you were on vacation, you know anybody who actually eats fruit cake? No. But why do people keep giving them men? If you're going to spend the money or maybe they're cheap, I don't know. I think they are. They're cheap. They must be. I think they can have the same batch. They just keep going around. I'm playing some of the things. I think I had that nightmare last night for a real good reason. I think it was like a warning, like a signal from God. Oh God. Man. Not an. I just. I mean, I'm sure once in my life I had a piece of fruit. First of all, they're so damn dry, you know? Yeah. They'd send figs in them and like, oh, we end there. And dry like candy fruit. Do you like like candy? No. What are the green things that are in there? Well, that's a good question. I don't know. What have they come across? Pomegranates. Hey, parmiss is talking about me. No, seriously. What are they? I put no. That's what I asked. Well, somebody will let us know what's in a fruit cake. OK. I'm saying we got plenty of fruit cakes out there. I'm sure. One, thirteen. Are you or something? That's a good one for the poll. Fruit cake. All right. Huh? I mean, that doesn't necessarily mean some of the other things on here. You fruit cake. Pompatopark racing in poker's got the gambling action you want. Featuring live harness racing in a great poker card room. Pompatopark is open every Wednesday like today and every Friday and Saturday as well. And best of all, like always, admission in parking are free at Pompatopark. Punger guts out on walling Hennessy. Well, good luck to you. And Kevin Wallace and Bruce E. Ranger, the and the Derelled Beer, and even Dave Ingraham, if you're really dangerous. Remember would humble winner from the railroad range of a poker on the smoke free card room with tournaments every day. Also, of course, Samuel casting seven days a week at Pompatopark. Tarnished through a bread high-lives, Samel casting action every day from tracks all across the nation and North America even would buy and the donkey your races. Post time is 725 and a PM. The carbrew will visit noon, come enjoy a fine dining on the top of the park where everyone's day like today. It's dollar night tonight. Would draft beer hot dogs so that a lot more just a bucket piece. Pompatopark is easy to get through. Also, turn-pike or eye 95. It's just a box out of the landing board bar on Powerline Road. For the racing schedule, you can call 9500-497-22000 or visit their website at Pompatopark.com. Pompatopark and don't forget, slots come and soon, baby. Pompatopark is a meal-ruder. Pompatopark is 560-280. Pimp got it. They're funky. They're old. They're the California Pro. So when you're getting old and great, and your times to pay every day, you've heard from the waves, and that's for sure. And so for you, we got the cure. Just eat some of our seeders every day. And then for sure, cry of salvation. Don't you know that they've been going to pay the seed? None of us, we're so proud of this. We've been, X-Lex, his eyes, bodies don't wake fast. So keep some roots, we'll be up to earth. Under party, dear. I'm a party, if you eat us on a party, hey. I'm a party, I'm a party. California Pro! What a way to go. One 18-A-QA and now let's see, definitely the last thing any guy wants to be for or two is my bitch. All right. All right, that's from the University of Dungeons, in fact, most of the Kimba Book Emperor. Why tell ya Kim, you think anybody else over there listens to the University of Dungeons? I know, I know they're going front. That might be it. Maybe it's you to risk his hanging down. You'll let your get a cow from Dan Dowd. Yeah, you never ate it Dan Dowd's, right? You know, for they closed it down. Well, that's why he stole a lot. I ate it the black angus. That was a bad place. I'm 441 and you always have good place with the cross-and-street and thought they're no more of course because of that changey neighborhood. What tell was it that restaurant begins with a sea? Oh geez. There's lunch still around somewhere. Where? Where you see they're all of time. It was a steakhouse, right across the street from Dan. Well, I'd right across, but just on the other side, I'd say one, like South of sunrise. That's it, Chuck's steakhouse. Wasn't it? Look up, Chuck. Steakhouse. You never ate a Chuck's steakhouse? No. That was a damn good place. I mean, not a real lot like Ruth Chris, not like a real, upscale, uh, expensive, and that's why it was good. That's back in the day before I was making the big bus before I could afford Ruth Chris. 56705, oh four shot dead in Boston, Raph studio. Got em, Raph, or man, are they teaching the kids a good, a good, a classic example of how to live your life? Four main were found fatally shot in a Raph music studio in the basement of a Boston home, police said that a in the city's deadly shooting more than a decade. The killing's late yesterday in Boston, Dorkchester, neighborhood, pushed the city's murder rate to attend your highest 71, and Mark Boston's worst shooting since a massacre in Chinatown, social club that killed five people in 1991. Police superintendent Booby Johnson said, lady shootings in the basement music studio of a home did not appear to have been random, and the area was not considered a trouble spot. Police said they didn't have a motor for the shooting. But you know what, OJ MacDuffee says, boys will be boys. There's nobody says the juice. Him and said the kid boys will be boys. You know what I'm saying? Whatever that means. Three of the men were found dead on the scene in the 4th night in the hospital. Two were white and two were black. Well, you'd have that's good. See if we can't make it a racial thing. Maybe they kind of like eating that. Yeah, missed it up. All were in their early 20s. Witnesses told police that heavy said man, flood the scene after the shooting. I have he said man. Maybe it was you. Who do we know who's from Boston was heavy set? I think you got stressed from being forced to get on the scale yesterday. Probably to lock there and went went nuts. I don't want to mention no names beast. You see this in his mind. I don't want to go through. Let's do what he's there tomorrow. Right to his ugly face. The beast. Yeah, I mean, I remember the first time I saw a schedule Brian London. I thought who's Brian London? Right. Like, oh, and that's the beast. He's not actually got a name. Boston's been shaken by a wave of gun violence. Students are up 34% from me or go. And by the way, so as Toronto, I have to do that about 70 murders this year here too. All about five times the population of Boston, the nevertheless. Far arm related arrested. Jump 38% the 18 to 21 age bracket of the total murders this year. 46 involved guns. Same here. I think they got like about 58 or 60 young. I'm shooting because, and mostly from Americans, the guns are coming from America. See, I say those America loves their guns. All we love polishing them and trying them and loading them all off of them. Yeah, all over the place. America loves guns. You know what else America loves? Boobs and butts and blinking. And cell phones. Oh, yeah. The 19 year old Virginia woman known as the cell phone band. It played a guilty yesterday to bank robbery conspiracy and fire. I'm just, you know, now that we know the story, they got the picture here. Remember that famous pretty much. Yeah. She's standing at the tellers cage and she's got this whole phone door. Eric. Right. I'll tell you, boy, she have a lot of Hutspa. Yeah, she does. And it's kind of amazing. Candace Rose Martin is who game notoriety for robbing vans. She don't sound like no is really to me. Candace Rose Martin is game notoriety for robbing vans while talking on a cell phone. Face a maximum sentence of life in prison. Oh, geez. He could be the next prison bitch. She'll be sentenced to Marcedine federal court now in Sangrin, Virginia. She played a guilty. Martinez a community college student before her rest also agreed to wave all assets purchased with proceeds from the robberies, including her car, a big screen TV, furniture and clothing. What kind of a screen TV was? Wouldn't it require a month or two? All right. Was it a Sony or some other brand? Martinez admitted a conspiracy. Was a very fast whisper and wonderful apparently Dave chat in Chamboy except for Rob and Brake a firm conuarent by Vitamines uses the names blancsov. With that phrase, I have brought me to college does not sell people with their opinion. You were allowed California else? Yes, you probably thought I needed bars. Anger for lips. You knewレdigrika asked me when I said so much blah blah blah. This doesn't end, is it? She didn't carry a box, but displayed a handgun and had the teller a note. What's in the box? Court records detailed one of the notes which was taped to an empty box. On October 22, the man of present note said, you've got 40 seconds to put all your money in the box don't make any sudden moves. The rubber then has to tell to put all $150 bills in the box saying, I need you to empty all the drawers you have three. Growing impatient to rubber protested, you're taking too long, you got 40 seconds. And now you've got about 30 minutes. 30 seats, 30 seats, 30 five out of bucks in cash from our teeness, Chancellor Virginia apartment. I wonder if there was any Chancellor in there, but there was. And as well as a cellular phone box, a high school year, a book that computers some Louis Vuitton persons and a digital camera. Yep, there he goes. Be Mr. Woodhouse man, got to slam your ass in the slamer for a long, long time. This is really amusing to make. I didn't have a story on not that long ago, a couple months ago from the National Aquaridad said the clerk was like a vegetable. Yeah, we were dancing in Kazanski to a resource. I've actually shot a shine nose about the Kazanski. Not really. I'm going to say something. I don't think you're even Jewish. I mean, Shai Levy, you can't get a more Jewish name next. Maybe Abraham Solomon, my grandfather, but nevertheless. And by the way, since we're seeing all these things on TV now about Jesus and they're all pandering to the religionists in America, when we're going to get a show about Abraham, when we're going to get a show about Solomon. All right, and then I'd like to know when we're going to show about Abraham Solomon. Okay, my grandpa. It's Solomon. He was a pip. Yeah, there you go. And what we're going to get a show about Holy Moses. Oh, you know, they had that movie. Whatever happened to Moses. I'm sorry. Mariah Carey, no, seriously, you never don't know what to cause. How about the horror? The horror, of course. More Kazanski is just another Jewish dance man. You better get with the dance people, huh? Don't know yet. You better start doing that. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. You're doing that right now. Isn't that the way they do it? Leave it to your horror. Don't do it. Like that's where they came from. I think I just saw the mystery. Who did more? Good. Huh? I'm telling you that. Okay, you think I'm making it up. You'll see. Mariah Carey, that's really scary. She's got one gigantic breast in middle-ever chest. Mariah Carey will perform live from time-scored ABC's Duke Clark New Year's Rock and Eve. It'll mark the first time in the fort at 34-year history of the Year-ins special, that a singer is performed from time-scored. Carey will join co-host, Dick Clark, and Ryan Sequest as the final. As the final men in the 2005 recounted down in the fame-ball drop begins, the 76-year-old Clark, Longa and New Year's Eve tradition will be making his first TV appearance in suffering a stroke last December. Actually, there were two strokes, the second one was very severe, but they keep lying about this. He's fine. Okay. Hillary Duffalo, host of Hillary Duffalo, host of West Coast, portion of the show, including artists, the bangles, Chris Brown, Sean Paul, the pussycat dolls, Sugarland, three yours down, and three-eleven. Duffalo also performed. Maybe that's why he's been doing all that. Fair enough, and on the bars, the karaoke. karaoke. Right? Kind of scary, they karaoke. The mothmyship. He's going to perform. didnt. Two detergent memories. Ron. I'm not going to hit the head. You've changed my head, but I got it here. I did not get a hit, but you've changed your beard. No, I still have my beard. You're working out? No, I'm not working out. You look different right now. I stepped on a rage. It shattered my nose. Both of my ears fell off and so. I got to speak it for both. All has the dream. So first of its kind. And my team of physicians saying, I'm gone before. I'm gone away, cos With a little incentive left in my head. And I'll be better with you. I'm all right here. My future will change. But I'll be the same rage. When doctors finish giving me my friend, don't pray. If God I'll be like I'll always That for you, then you'll die. When I get my head to bed. I got to pray for you. I knew you looked at French. Okay, one, thirty-three. And of course, then I'll tell you we find out about fruit cake. And I googled it. Oh, good. Got a whole article about fruit cake. And of course, what better show than to have it on here? And not even a stale fruit cake, like a new fresh one. Still won it. It says somewhere in the recent past, decided to return a longstanding holiday for this was transformed into a joke. How do you like that? So complete was this societal change that those during the speak up for or to defend fruit cake, were virtually stolen by an angry mob. Good fruit cake lovers were outcast, rejected ridiculed by popular culture. So vitriolic was the anti-fruit cake feeling that those were different views were forced to quietly seek out others who liked them. Still appreciate the fruit cake. Soon the outcast began to fight each other and so the fruit cake subculture was formed. It may surprise you just how many people number themselves among me, fruit cake underground. Or I know a lot of fruit cakes. Just how a fruit cake joke through a group of people and carefully watch the reactions. Oh, yes, it will be likely more than one or more people we were black and nervously trying to blend in without making a scene, wondering if anyone will ever come to the rescue of the defame fruit cake. Other evidence says the amount of the fruit cake out there in the world and is spreading. Right now, someone somewhere, or maybe even someone you know, is enjoying a dense, moist piece of fruit and not laden spirit wrench cake behind closed doors and probably feeling a little guilty about it. It says I can tell you after extensive research that the movement is about to come out of the basement, not the closet but the basement. Fruit cakes about to become the next great thing in the world of special keys and food items who says, and it goes on in a yaddi adiaddi adiaddi. Here's the recipe, basic fruit cake. You ready? Okay. Third of cup chopped dried cherries. Two thirds of cup dried cranberries. Well, that's what we like all of that. Two thirds of a cup of currants. I like currants. And so far, there's nothing green. All right. The fruit cake organ has got some green wini in there or some. Maybe it's both. Two tablespoons of half a cup plus two tablespoons of light rum. All purpose flour, baking powder, salt, ground cinnamon, eight tablespoons of butter, melts like butter. Brown sugar, eggs, milk, unsaufered molasses, and the chocolate chips or chopped pecans. Was that pecans? Whatever you prefer. How do you like that? There's nothing green in there. So we're getting arazots. We're getting a poli-fruit cake. Because I know what you're talking about. I'm not a little green thing. They're like gelatinous. Yeah. That's right. You know what's like it's like those green candies. Those, um, the different color. What do you call food fruit gum, candy? Right. Gummies. They got those here. Gummies is a Canadian candy. What's some gummies? All right. Yummy. Yummy. Let's get some gummies. And go leave. It won't give me a minute. I have about that. It's a miracle. 3609 hosts on the pool. The last thing most guys want to be called is a Fag 999. The P word 51. A loser 34. If feminine 33, power 32, a dumb 17. As in. Like that. A phony 13, liar 13. How about a dumb phony liar? Fag 12, went 12, whipped 9. A whole 7, ugly 7, a wannabe 6, pretty 6. How about a pretty wannabe? My bitch 5, beautiful 4, cook 4, squally 3, fruit cake 2 and cheap none. I guess that's an excuse for me and cheap. You're all one saying? What do you say? Well, if you don't mind being called cheap, then you just, that's the excuse to go and me cheap. I don't care. Come on. I'm cheap. I've got no money, man. That's what I'll excuse. But you're open a wall in the moss to do fly out. Here's line 9, one of our very favorites. Q.A.M. Hello. Pretty good, Tally. I heard you talking about the body other day. He's still around. He didn't croak at it. He didn't croak yet. No, he's working on it. He's been off the air for six years. He's illin. He's illin. Speaking of him, his name was in a newspaper article, while back at your name was off the win. And they were talking about satellite radio. Yeah. Thought it was a fun join up with Howard Sun on the air. I saw that thing. How come they don't hire Bob? Bob is not ready to go to where he's not going to be going. Where he's in batch shape. What about you going over there? Well, we had a discussion about that. And the fact that it matters is, but it will, but I'm still here. You know what I'm saying? They talk of a game. They don't want to pay anybody any money. I think you've Howard all the money in the rest of it is just all window dressing. Yeah, what is he making? $100 million a year. Five years. 500 million. Half a billion dollars. Okay. To go on a year and talk about boobies. Yeah. What's they going to do with that damn thing? Probably even Rob is not going to get anything. You know what? Nice to get some. I can't say it either. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. You say how to all your friends in the West Coast. Five, six, seven, five, six. You know, what was that about that utterly ridiculous thing? They're uterus? Yeah, what about it? WCQAM? Hello. Neil? You're saying? Yeah. I just want to let you know the fruit cakes, those green chunks. What are those? They're probably green-died, mere she know cherries because they come either dyed red or green. You are absolutely. Absolutely. Correct. Correct. You're right. I think of it. They are. But much of a batch and have taken anything else. Thanks. I would get dyed cherry green. You've never seen green cherries? No comment. No, seriously. There are green cherries. They dye them. They never see little, little else. It does it at Christmas time. I'm not going to get that much. Wait. That's what it says. If they were dyed. They dye in. Or better. The Santa wants there would all at the juice stuff. Died in. And of course, Shai's little. What's that mean? That's from, uh, pay solid. Yeah, see wrong holiday man's from Paseau. Right. Let's get some of them. Paseau Dickie candies. Oh, there's crap man. Well, when he, when is the world's got to grow up? It's too late. And like I said, do the best you can. Live a good, rich world. I do the best you can. You laid a lot. Whatever you like. And then that's it. Pum, you've got side of wood vine at the pop at all. It's where we want. And have a good time. That's it. So I can tell you. Because all this gnashing of teeth and mowning. Oh, what are we going to do? And we got to have an election in fire. Right. There are a bunch of crooks. Don't you understand? There are a bunch of crooks in whips. A bunch of cowards. Maybe like 10 people in the whole country got any balls. We thought Barack Obama was going to be the new shining star. And then he liked them. And at the cables TV. So, oh, yeah, we got to protect everybody against themselves. Against those words. You know, all those people in Iraq that are dying every day. It's not bullets that are doing. It's not bombs that are doing it. They're dying from words over there. This is new Rogers. This is 516AZ. Let's get down to business. We're going to have a holiday season of hunters. You can get the idea of this sighted to do. Step out of character. You can spread the legs of Joyce around you. It's a piece of tofu here. Tell us a thing. Tell us a lot of now. I'm going to go home. Like, for me, you would add a full-day bite. And provide love. And they will grow. And I'll go. And I'll go. And I'll go. And I'll go. You won't be able to watch and go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Not going to roll around. Now, try to get a boy. Are you getting high? I'm not high. Are you following me? I'm not. Come on. You smell good. You smell good. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. It's a 140 so this is shocking. I was talking about something like this. This is like a soap opera going on. I would have a blabbo last year. Is it Darrell? I just came in and you may have already had this. Worth a look. I haven't seen it. And it's actually a blabbo is not met seen by name. So I think I inspired him or maybe who knows. Should I read it? Sure. Since we got the soap opera going last year. Posted it on his blog. I never heard anything like it. I was smart, funny, and compelling. He talked about things that were important to me. And then he said so much that he said so much better than I could. I was hurt. Rare was that I wasn't glued to the radio hanging on his every word. I was working at WKQ. I was a time kiss. I was Bobby Clifford. The afternoon drive country. But I dreamed of being a talk show host. It was an impossible dream. In possible because no matter how hard I tried. No one took me seriously. I found myself almost living my dream. If working at a pig of a station on a weekend, nights counts. WGBS and mind was the third of three talks stations in the market. Out of desperation hired me to work at a time stop that nobody listened to. But as fate would have it, the man I idolized heard me and thought that maybe just maybe I had something to offer. One night after his regular shift, Neil said him with the overnight guy Bill Cater. And at some point a car asked Neil, who among the couple doesn't people that talk shows him I mean he'd like to have dinner with. I just had to be listening when he said Bob Lassiter. I couldn't believe my ears. Not only did he know I existed, but he said that he thought I was worth sitting down with. It was the golden age of talk in Miami. There were slew of really good people on the ear. But here was the best of the best list of uttering my name. Oh, there's that uttering, can't see. All of her uttering my name. Utibasing my name. I was floored. But it got better over the coming months. Neil waged an on-ear campaign urging his station. WGY and Zeta Hermy. Holy Schmidt. To make a long story short, they eventually did. Well, I tell you, this is shocking. That he finally, I mean, I look, I don't even credit for anything, but it's just the idea that, you know, everybody wants to pay me as this evil adure. Well, we haven't got to the end of this yet, though. I basically got to make a work with my radio God. I continue to work weekend evenings, but several nights a week I'd go to the station. Send them a control room just watching a work learning from studying at the feed of the man I consider to be the master. That they came when I finally got the chance to work full time, but the job was in Tampa. So I took all that I had learned in particularly the ability to speak from the gut and the monologue and set off on my own. I became the Neo Rogers of Tampa a radio God. I've said it before, don't hesitate and say good now. I almost have said to me, oh, he stuck his neck out for me and allowed me to learn from him. But this almost brings me to tears, almost. Is this amazing or what? It's amazing. Well, certainly it turned around for me yesterday when he was hostile with me and we like, what was that all about? No, what's the day on this? No, it's December 14th. My good fortune in Tampa brought the opportunity to go to Chicago, but that turned into a two and a half year nightmare. And this is where things between Eli turn dicey. By then, the alert moves to W.I. with the alignment, the station was on my Cox broadcasting, which also won W.S. You went in Tampa. Cox decided to stumblecast, I would be lined up on S.U.N. I would be kicked ass in mind, but the stumblecast just wasn't working in Tampa. So Neo suggested that Cox Army did do mornings at S.U.N. thinking I could have the rest of the day in Tampa. First and foremost, I ain't in a morning man, but I ain't okay. The problem is that I wasn't able to transfer my audience to the other day parts, in particular to show that followed my Neal's Times line. Anyone who ever listened to the almost that a major part of his act is to record another shows it's his trademark being a student. I also had adopted the technique. The problem is that no one in my every league in the early Schmidt on the air and return. Neo would say the most got awful things about his colleagues, and almost never had anyone retaliate. That isn't until I came along. At the first nipping was at first a stipping was relatively low level, but slowly intensified. It was pissingly often I was getting the him he had taught me well. A culminated during an on air campaign, you're connected every year for a Miami area homeless shelter that you who was selling a vest in the LCD and sales were lagging behind previous years. While the CD was not be sold in Tampa, and my show was not cured in Miami. Neil blamed me for not pushing it on my show. That infuriated me was absurd. He'd rag on me during his show and I returned the favor on mine. It just escalated and escalated until I blurred it out something that hurt and embarrassed him. He hurt and embarrassed my mentor and idol. Whatever that is. It would also serve no purpose to repeat it here. We're probably the only two people remember it anyway, but things between us have never been the same. Do I regret it? Would I take it back if I could? Of course I would. It was only stick nothing personal. See, you're taking this very personal. But it caused a rift last to this day. So now I have a new reader here on the blog, the man who my old my success to, the man who I admired idolized, the man who I had a very public falling out with. For whatever it's worth thank you to you, I'm truly sorry. That things true and out as they did. I like I'm choked up. Are you are you gagging on? I got pretty. I'm serious. That's pretty nice. I'm like I got like a tear in my eye. I never say he's evil about him. I said he was boring. I mean, coma inducing on a year. I remember the. I remember the. I don't remember that thing. I don't remember the. I don't remember the. I don't remember anything other than just regular Neil Rogers brand. Fun that you were having with. I remember that he was just right on me. And I see when he like he extended everybody else. Randy and Rick and so whatever, but that's not important. I didn't sound like stick. Maybe you know, we're just slow coming from his end. It didn't sound like he was going to me. But he was the Neil Rogers a tempo, which isn't, you know, say no. And he didn't go to W. Wallace and Chicago, which haven't only didn't work. I never working Chicago. I never worked on a 50,000 lot. Legendary station in Chicago like he did. So there you go. I don't know what. So what. So what he had I guess after absorb that now. I'm sitting there with a good. My students afternoon after think about that. But that was that was pretty decent. You know, that's pretty nice. That he white, which would call him up. What do we should call him up? How do we got to get his phone number? I'm sure he'll, uh, I don't know. Yeah, but he's going to be dead. Okay, he's going to be dead. So he's got no, I don't see there. You're going to try to make something good. A right away, he's going to be dead. So, uh, is he by the permission? You are the unison, the unison. The unison. He's going to be dead. Oh, Neil Rogers. He's got a new band. He's a new band. He's a new band. I've been drinking grass so long. I can't see why he's wrong. And he totally smashed by the time I get to feel it. But the cup didn't see my point. So I need him in the front, but it's ten more long. I forget who it is all I meant. I just need this with bail-bomb men. To get me at it here so I can head more in and run. Like a real stone cow, boy. Get me a shirt of doing that 100 and 3. Like a real stone cow, boy. Get the ninsucrasions with people I don't even see. Till they went to handcuffs on me. Like a real stone cow, boy. You're friends. Till the boys and they only sing this gentle along my mind. I'm going to go to your goal. Like a real stone cow, boy. Get in the hole in the car. We're driving while I'm blind. Like a real stone cow, boy. Get the ninsucrasions with people I don't even see. Like a real stone cow, boy. Bye-bye-bye.