another day and you say any army another day another 50 cents but third man time for Neil thirty cent Neil will take you up until two o'clock when we'll have you know, you know, you know, have sometimes on your table you turn on and you say is that programming, it's just something about the programming like it's anyway, we got that into a clock and then it's four o'clock, man. It's what? Slide by on that. See there you go again Mr. Non-committal. You guys want to like dump all the crap on you. Yeah, well, I'm not going to be the crap man anymore. President speaking to the United States. Like I said, crap. Yeah, we were authorities in order. Yeah, right, get him out of my life. So he finally admitted that he's taken a wrap. He didn't admit anything. All he did is they're trying to do a little damage control. They're trying to make sure they're doing a little damage. They're trying to make sure they're doing a little damage. You know, they looked at those pools and they said, where do you better start to fashin' up a little bit? I think it's too late. And these jackasses, these English on television, well, those are very reminiscent of JFK after the BMP. Every time I see Bush, I think of JFK, you know. Give me a break, yeah, please. Well, what? See, this is the problem. It's not Bush that's the problem. It's the media that's the problem. Well, I get to do is just try to big fat spotlight on him and they'd be out of there in 10 minutes. But they're too busy with Monica and the blue dress. Just like your buddy Tom Fieler there at the Earl of the Dish trench coat. My buddy. Donna Rice. That's just an expression. Everybody's buddy. Tom Fieler. Where the BDI. He's got the same BDIs as this John Roberts guy. You're going to see his eyes. Fieler's eyes. If you see any of those here, you take a look at his eyes. Okay. He's at the eyes of one of those religious robbers. Green, Washington, Robert. Yeah. Not the one that doesn't use on CBU. I know what he's going to be. I want to be a regular chief justice. Right. Ranc was senior. Yep. He makes Ranc was similar to a liberal, like Ted Kennedy. And the good part about it is that he's young enough that he's probably going to be there for for an hour. Oh yeah. You and I'll be pushing up Vazies before this guy's. Oh yeah. No, we'll be here. Yeah. We'll be doing, you know. Yeah. Somebody said that to me yesterday about how, how about if I just do Monday, Wednesday and Friday until I croaked tell him about 100 years old. That's probably a pretty good idea that we could relate to the average age in South Florida. You know, I've never been old enough to relate to those people. Look, people are used to call me in the beginning. Yeah. Hello, Dr. Don, I thought blue looks like it done. As long as I live, I'll never forget that show. Here's Marvin Dunna, you know Marvin. Sure. Professor of Human Psychology, you defy you and the whole show is about race relations and a community and a scot of the phones. Hello, Dr. Doncsey, she heard the word Dr. So she wants her female medical advice. I've got blue lips, Dr. What can you tell me? And I haven't looked at me and I looked at him and I thought, oh boy, I thought, oh yeah, that's exactly what I thought. No, I'm not going to say it. When you decided to stop doing issues, no, that was not one of those. Actually, when I stopped to decide to do issues was I was, of course, they have medallent Mario Hiron, which I had hit around many times. She was great when she was all in one piece. Yeah. And in fact, there's never a theme song now. I go to pieces. That's bad. But anyway, I was forced to have her on for like the evening at time. And I started thinking because I've been kind of making a little transition on the show anyway. We're from guests. And I just canceled it. And that was the end. I don't know, something inspired me because I said to myself, you know, when you're doing a guest, not that I want to influence anybody else's show. But when you're doing a guest, you're narrow casting because anybody was not interested in what that guest is talking about. Like I refer, for example, I don't want to pick on him. But you know, it's all he talks about is one thing. So you're narrow casting. And you're like, anybody doesn't care about what that guest is talking about is gone. You're inviting them to two out. You know, opposed to a difference between that and people, not interested in the subject you're talking about. Right. Well, I don't know. But the point is you could be talking about a whole bunch of different subjects. Well, people can call up and change the subject. Right. All they should do. Yep. And of course, I'm this show when they call up and change the subject. It's usually like that. That's their subject. Which is okay. Tell some good time. You don't know. You want to come myself. Okay. Right on the year. You want a teacher course. Yeah. In broadcasting. Yeah. Well, if I ever get back into what maybe it's a good idea. I bet it would be something that would be very personally. I ever get back into the radio business. Personally satisfying. I don't need to teach you course because my advice is stay to hell out of it. I've said that that's a one thing consistently. Don't get into this business. Okay. It blows. You know, it used to be fun. It used to be creative business. You had your personalities. You had a lot of fun. It's in creativity. Now it's, you know, the same for grave robbing companies. The same bastions at own every radio station in the world, basically. And you haven't got a Chinaman's channel. And you know, the worst part about it. And we can't even do fart sounds on a show. I'm looking at the pole we're taking. The audience wants the fart sounds back. So I had a discussion with our two flunkys before the show this morning. Our two middle level management. We need flunkys. And I'm going to be putting a fart audio on before 10 o'clock. You know, because the Joyce just made it up. They have fart sounds on kids shows, on network cartoons, and Saturday morning. They have a fart sounds on cartoons. But we can't play on it anymore because Joyce made it up. That's a kind of company. This is, you know? Well, I saw somebody who made a comment. Yesterday, a political guy and he used to wear the ass. Yeah. And apparently, you know, there are certain conditions on it. which we're not allowed to say that you just can't use the whole word. Oh, the rest of the second part. I got it. Okay, right. Hey listen, you have to come and read the room. No, I realize it's on my time now, but you better watch yourself. The last thing we need now that we finally got this schedule back to, or yeah, I'm being good. You don't need another Patrick Fallon's way off. Okay. I'm tired of that crap. I was thinking about this yesterday, you know, you're going to get me going which seems to be the purpose of this whole crossover is I have never seen anybody treated with such this respect is the way they treat you and I'm not just saying that to suck up because that's not my style, but they treat you like crap. I don't understand it. I don't get it. I'm sure that the people at ESPN ABC treat you a little bit of respect. Oh, I love I love going to work right. But this because I see you wander, you know, like on the races and stuff and I see hey, that's the same Hank that they treat like crap where I work, you know. I think it's a personal thing. I think Greg, I hate you like poison. Like he hates a George and also hates me, but he can't get rid of me because he needs me bad. Yeah, there's one caveat to it though and you told me when we talked a few years ago just cash a checks. Find a stand out for the, you know, you can't stick to Jackson could also be pleasant at the same time, which is not a miracle vocabulary. I've always asked to be some a lot of angst. Oh, I knew that this and you said that, but you know, and of course the audience says, and suppose to know about any of this about your 85 suspensions most of them are like this last one that was piggybacked with your vacations. So we're all supposed to dummy up at all. Well, Hank just did not hear today, you know, this guy then suspended more times than Carter's had an anima. It's scary. I'm not the only one when Joe Rose was here. He used to routinely get suspect. Oh, yeah. Well, you see Joe is also like a human punching bag for Greg. He, what he did to Joe and Joe's a great guy. You know, he really is. He's a good broad cancer, he's a good guy. And what the way they treated him was just inhumane and why? Why? He was a good lawyer guy. In fact, he even came back for more punishment a second time after he just he resigned. Oh, you can't resign your fired, but stick around until I find a replacement. And then he came back another time and a strong of a law whether we're working to put that stern thing on here, which was the kiss of death that we're working behind the scenes to stab him in the back and Greg kept canceling the meetings and canceling meetings. There was to put, you know, because they got one to have a mean to the side of who's going to get paid or not, you know, and then they just and of course they chased him across the street now. Meanwhile the stern show is gone. We're getting no got only knows how many fines in the FCC on that. And then of course it was over there is the only thing they got in the other place. I was going Greg, you quizzing you idiot you. You fair right. But anyway, he's not going to suspend me because he needs me bad. I know if that's why I have nothing to say. And I already told him a long time ago, I don't do suspensions. I don't play that game. But never let it just don't. I would never do that. Now you do it because you get paid and they pretend they don't pay it, but that's all under the table. That once happened to me at INZ. Yeah, it's data. It was orange. I'm sorry. What was that? I'm not seriously done. I got suspended for saying something on the year, which really was much to do by nothing. And he called me to his office and they paid me double. It was like a crush money. Instead of just paying me for the period of time that they allegedly were docking me for, he gave me another check and they paid me double for what I would have gotten just to keep my mind. Well, I will say this last summer, not to spass on. See, the summer before last, yeah, was the best summer I've had since I got out of school. I had like 10 weeks off. Oh, you mean with all the suspension? Yeah, go. But hey, but don't, you see, now there you go again. I can smell another one coming now. I would take 10 weeks. I don't have that anymore. Oh, yeah, I would take that. Actually, I got seven months with pay from packs and I got to beat. That was great. Oh, I remember that. That was so great. I meant the airport. I'm on the way to Rome. And on the way to the airport, I'm listening to the car and Norma Kent calls and Rick and Suds. And says, oh, I want to see, you know, he was testing to see if I was listening. You know, I'll feel listening. I want to see how many people listen to your show work and so if Neil's listening, I want him to call me right away. So I get to the airport. I call him at his office. And he says, stay in Europe as long as you want, because you got seven paid months, packs and spying you off to go away. Oh, what a message. Yeah. So I spent almost that whole seven months in Europe. I remember that a couple of days ago. This is boring here. I'm going back. And I did. I kept going back. It was great. I remember when you came back. We had dinner at the dogs right, remember? Yeah. Not the, at the, or not the bar drive pump at a. Compano. Yep. Yeah. And we're sitting there and in the fat witch's brother-in-law, who's a couple of brick short, he came up and said, we, in the middle of dinner, and he says to you, oh, this is my brother-in-law, Richie. And of course, it was, I keep thinking about how embarrassing that with it was, of course, at least you had your last dinner with fat rich anyway. Yes. That's true. I was saying, what a good guy he was. He was a nice man. He really was. Yep. We had a lot of fun at the track for years and years and years. And he, his, his thing was so big about, uh, he wanted every even strangers. Oh, I had the super right. And I'd run around and just pick it. Yeah. Seriously, it was like, uh, this was his claim to fame is that he was the racetrack, the expert. Yeah. And he really did have a long hot streak going there for quite a while. Those are great. Yeah. You're right. I want to, I had a streak a 22 consecutive winning nights at Northville, down since you've been there. I figure, I know, you were there once. Yep. And I've always been a pretty good straight winning night. That's pretty good streak. That's what happens. And then you're playing with confidence too. Right. You know, when you're winning like that, you just, you handed that correct. And then, of course, right now, many opposite. It's just one of those things. Speak like, like, oh, wow. I take the story. See, I don't want to go onville 10. 30, but uh, my try to. The six 49, you know, which here they pay a lump sum, no taxes, no nothing. So it was um, eight million on Wednesday night last Wednesday. And no Saturday. So I played, uh, I spent a couple hundred bucks. And I checked the numbers. And I thought I won 40 bucks, which is pretty weak. You know, nothing. Next morning, I get up because they don't show you how many people won or how much they won until one in a morning. Well, I'm not staying up to one in a morning to check. So next morning, I check. And I see some schmuck one, eight and a half million. And then I realized the numbers. I looked at worth the right numbers. I was looking at Wednesdays, numbers, not Saturday. So I dug all my slips out of the waste basket, they can, hey, maybe I got the eight and a half million in here. You know, you never know. Yeah, that's what was me. And come to fight out instead of caching 40 bucks. I cast 25 bucks. So when your luck is on a downswing, it's you know, it goes in cycles, you know, then. You know what, I was at a dull mar when I was away. And I hit a pick four in New York at Saratoga. And it paid pretty well as a signer. And I had it for a dollar. But there was a dead heat for second. Yeah. And I didn't realize it when I went to collect. I got twice as much as I thought I was going to get because you get a twice when you did that heat. Right. What a windfall that was. That's great when that happens. Yeah. No, I beat we had all kinds of stories that'll put the only. Yeah, I mean, everybody cares about this. One day of call, there was a, I had a major real heavy bed on the double. And of course, I've been the first race came in second. And I just told a ticket in my pocket. I had a feeling. And it was like this long. It never put inquiry up. But there was a long, long way, like 15 minutes before they made it official and finally the numbers on the board come down and they took the horse that one. He won by like 10 lengths. And they took him down and they put my horse up. And I want to catch in the double. And the reason they took the horse down is the jockey through the weights on the back stretch. So when he came back to weigh in, he was like 10 pounds on the horse. Yeah. That's a true story. Can we do one more? So, can we do that? To the weights out? I really weigh something. Come back. Come into more time pounds lighter. Let's give it a shot. Hey. How are you? See you tomorrow. Bye. And I know that I did. That was no rush. You get them saved. They don't overcubble again. And anyway, I did everything. I possibly can. The show must have fallen. All the good left plans. All the other job I had. And the vector of feet, but when I much forward, then a weasely steamer and a crew with some of the kids. Kids are skits round those in the wheel. Kids are skits round those in the wheel. New all leans is wiped out in the ground with the wheels and I did one heck of a job and a job based on the beard, crowning and another white face. The Christian founding the national god is down then down with all of us just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is painting paint. All the hurricane gave us a big EC for the yocon social engineer. Michael giant republics. Queen cheese. Jesus. We're in our morning. Queen cheese. We're in our morning. Queen cheese. We're in our morning. Queen cheese. We're in our morning. Battle police, compassion to what we have learned. It's known to write to have less blacks and you descent. The zoo said he is a national discreet. They should never black. In the first place, this is no time to play the blame. Since we know that very ancient god by game is too far not the right kind of home. My child even clearly named borrows go nowhere achieving the America right wing dream. To big everybody, white light beams and there's an ignorant son of a big who gets his job from coach and actress. All how are you spending my new baby in horses? I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on an eggplant bird over now. I'll keep going down if you find no sprouts. I'll take the eggplant bird over now. But I'll keep going down to keep find no sprouts. Excellent. I'm going to send him a check just because I was so fit. Well, I feel so bad for him. I just he gets out of my nerves but then I play one of those bits and I say, he's all right. His own a bald head had chicken neck, turkey neck, geeky way. This run mine head next time. I'm sure you already do that. And they drew certainly a team America, a world police and it was great. I watched it last night. I heard a lot of people who did the South Park stuff. It was Marionette's. They could have made it just animated which you're cartooned but they did it with Marionette's which had to be a thousand times harder and it was really dumb with Marionette's to are read about it. Right. Just as opposed to just to be cute just to be different. Yeah, that it worked. But that was really great. It was sensational. Although I like to like the I said if you watch the DVD there are things under the word in the theater version of it you were telling me about. I guess I got a rewatch it now. Right. I was kind of pooped after I watched it. It's a 1015 at 560 WQA and suck it in and hold it. And hold it your y'all like this and get ready for a Broadway show. You want one up? Pass over. It's Pidlar and the roof as you've never hide it before. Starting, Rosiel Dile. If my words in, girl, you're a little girl, little girl, little girl, little dumb. Owl and what upset you to me if I were a dress I'd trained. And Harvey Firestein. That's make a match make a make me a match. I like to pitch so he better catch. Holy Gavilka this, Rosiel Harvey even singer Fiddler on the roof to wait already. He bent all our crew in a man's head. He went one shot on the hill. Hi it's still a train. Kimbed almost Asian kosher. Don't miss Rosiel Dile and Harvey Firestein in Pigsler on the roof. Look at this. What the hell just happened to my pile? It didn't lose it did you? Oh, seriously there's something just happened to my pile here and I think it's probably because of Troy's Stanford. Remember I was looking for that copy and all the results of the poll from yesterday is gone and all my half of my stuff here is gone. Nice going Troy you any you jackass you quizzing you. You're fair. God. Well, I don't know what to hell to do with this point. Anyway, Josh I just emailed I just sent you a story here but churred octal aid federal response now. Or shows me need that one on today. Okay. I've got to want to start getting push you or anything like that. What the hell did I do with all this important stuff I just had here George? I don't know. Jesus God Almighty. Well, Jesus Christ maybe I should make candid that possible. That is well, whoever who cares about that poll anyway, right? Right. Here's the deal because it was about it was the first I had the story from the times about 150 been people in Baghdad. Maybe it's an act of God something like that. Deal God. You think could be? How is that possible George? Oh no, I'll play some music. No, it's just I'm usually a lot better organized and I had my big pile here and all of a sudden stuff off the top. I took a little off the top like in a haircut but a little bit too much. At any rate the federal official would a part of mobilize a massive federal response to Katrina was Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chirtoff not groundy. This is from Nightmare to News paper. It's federal documents reviewed by Nightmare to show. In fact, the reason I wanted our website right away is that at the end of the story, if you go back to the link in the original story, there's a link to the MMORI can read the whole memo which I'm not going to take the time to do that. Even before the storm struck the Gulf Coast, Chirtoff could have ordered federal agencies in an actual without any request from state of local officials, FEMA chief Michael Brown had only limited authority to do so until about 36 hours after the storm hit when Chirtoff desiculated him as the principal federal official in charge of the storm. As thousands of hurricane victims went with a food water in shelter in the days after Katrina's early morning August 29th, landfill, critics of sale brown for being responsible for delays that might have caused hundreds of lives. But Chirtoff, not Brown, was in charge of managing the National Response to a catastrophic disaster, a quote of the National Response Plan, the federal government's blueprint for our agencies will handle major natural disasters or terrorist incidents. In order issued by President Bush in 2003, also was signed that responsibility of the Homeland Security Director. But according to a memo obtained by Nightwinter, Chirtoff didn't shift that power to Brown until late afternoon or evening on August 30th, about 36 hours after Katrina hit Louisiana Mississippi. The same memo suggests that Chirtoff may have been confused about his lead role in disaster response and that of his department, which again, you were star-readed at and you just know damn well the terrorist that would be terrorist. The evil doors are looking at that and they're thinking, aha, how do you like that? The right hand don't know. As usual, what the left hand is doing. Just kind of like those things we were hint about the police, so not, you know, communicating with the firefighters in New York, right, on 9-11 and just kind of like to see in the FBI not communicating about the terrorists and all of this, all of this, all of this, all of this, right, very sad. I just can't believe that my pile got it. I think somebody haven't made it a window washing guy came in here and grabbed my pile. That's possible. Do you think so? They open something. Anyway, so I watched the team America last night it was great. And George did not watch her this standing in the shadows a moatime. I didn't mind your out my hand. And you know, the worst part, I wasn't going to tell you this, I sent you my copy. I went out and I bought another one and immediately it's in the next day. Because I don't want to be without. But I wanted you to have it right away on Friday. So I sent it through the afternoon, then it's happened all off. He doesn't get it until yesterday when I said go check the mail because I emailed. I've fed it. And then he doesn't take it home. No, I left it here like an idiot. Oh, brother, what an idiot. Well, anyway, I don't know what to have movie yesterday's pool. And quite frankly, I'm sure nobody cares. I don't even know what that whole was. I can rule it back. No, no, it's not important. Okay, we don't have time anyway, because Hank and I get involved these long gambling dissertations. And we just don't have it. Probably it's an active god anyway, saving us. We could probably play a lot of Fartsounds instead. Because that's our pool today. What's your favorite sound or drop in on the old show? And of course, the Fartsounds, how important back is leading 39. Well, guess what? We had quite a conversation about that this morning. And like I told Hank, we have a couple of weak-need quizlings in there, uh, parents and duff. And uh, they, they, they just like Joyce, do whatever it helps you wants. She just makes it up, and she goes on. Not see, there's a difference between to be in curtain pictures that we can't put on it because that has to do with the law. Even though we made, obviously, disagree with the law. But, you know, the fashes government that we have now past these laws about internet pornography and about new pictures and about how you have to have the proof of the age and all of a sudden the crap on the day the picture was taken and actually we don't have that and not available. And nobody would have that. So it just not just seems to a prosecute people. And, uh, you know, needless to say Eric has got a wife and kid defeat. He's not in the, uh, yeah, I'm not interested in going to jail yet. So we can't put, so we can't put the beaded curtain on there because it'll law. The Fartsounds are just arbitrary made up by a bitch who has no idea what the hell business is all about. Well, has no background in broadcasting, whatsoever, who is totally eminently unqualified to be in her position over there and, uh, beesly and she just, oh, no Fartsounds or any other just regular English language words that, uh, that she decides, uh, that have nothing to do with the FCC law. Prada, which I think most of us understand pretty well at this point. At least as far as you can understand it, even a lot of it is big and ambiguous, but, uh, not anywhere near in the category. So we not only have to separate time jica from the FCC man, they's, but we also are joist all the time. So the fact that the audience wants to fart sounds back. I'd hold my breath right now. Take a deep breath, right? Hold it, just like you. Favorite sound or a drop in on the show, a fart, I want to back 40, not 30 man. But 30 man. 32. I'm dying over here. I'm dying on the hands. 27. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do. 24. I thought that would be do a better night, didn't you? Well, yeah. Absolutely direct 21 for that. Do fairly 20. All right 16. Oh, right. They all suck 11 there. There's the there's the mal content misfit choices you're. I put it on there just for you misfits and we got 11. They all suck all the sounds suck and I'm sure jica voted for that 10 times. 9 votes for two seven votes for five. Unbelievable. Five. Also five for all the lurking. No, it has got four. Buffalo bill three. Nice. Three. Absolutely. Two. I have no life got a pair. No. A pair. Take snort and the rock solid rock solid. And both got the big old. This is Neil Roger. Roger's guy will help him people in what we do and FEMA is better. Helps you through when disaster strikes. We are at our best. But we're ready all the time because disaster don't rest. Your federal emergency management agency of enough them and you may in pieces of filthy white bush loyalist criminal crap is pleased to inform all victims of Katrina. We now care about you. Do show how much we value you in life. We now offer you the FEMA card. Each FEMA card has a free determined spending limit of 300 to $2,000 and you can withdraw the cash at any operable ATF and if you can find one. While Halibut and Ophthons at $59 billion gift on the promise of rebuilding your city, your FEMA card will give you more loot to boot. Each card will get a stamp with every purchase made. Ten stamps will get to a free cup of coffee and scoogins. So what's in your wallet? Get in line now. All cards available on a first come first. They're basis. Oh wait a minute. What was that? And we're not offering them anymore. So if you can hear this, never mind. Just just float away. They just turn around in the swim back home. Oh, and that's the word we left that's when we left off the oil. I left off the oil. I left off the list. I didn't get a lot of votes. I got them when you think. Well put on there. Are you ready? Jesus, I even left a talk yet. Totally we were going to get a BLT. No, you did not. How are you? Yeah. No, that's good. There's a good place and I just plug. They've been very nice to us. So that'd be a good pull to take somebody who's gotten suspended more times a QAM Joe Rose or Hank. I forgot about all the Joseph's pensions, but it's just, you know, it just grabs away trying to treat people like little children and brow-beating people. And, you know, you're a suspect that I do, you did, you know, in some boardenation. It's like all the crap that Joyce tried to put in everybody's contracts. If we looked at anybody cross-eyed or if we farted the wrong flavor, you're a suspect, dude. It's just like a bunch of Nazis, man. All all goes with the territory. So I did find a story in the New York Times again. At least 150 people were killed. There's more good news from Iraq. In a string of bombings and ambushes interacted in the worst large scale violence since May and June. And the al-Qaeda group in Iraq said it was launching a nationwide campaign of suicide bombings and retaliation for an American Iraqi military offensive against insurgents in the northern city of Calafar. That bacon stern like you caught in my throat. There's a little chunks of bacon. Come back. I think you may have to apply a lot of music. The al-Qaeda statement published on a militant's website did not pay responsibility for a specific attack, but said, we'd like to congratulate the Muslim nation and inform it to battle the battle to avenge the Sunnis of Tallahafar's begun. Some of the attacks they were directed against the Shiites, signifying they were the ladies to campaign by Sunni insurgents who are better exploiting sectoring divisions across Iraq. I think that means like a K.A. Civil War is what we're saying. I think we want to say that, of course. 560-70560. Oh yeah. I think that a little bacon coming back up. And that's great when you get something like a little of a throwback. Well, that's good. You know, buddy, it coming back at you. Yeah, you can like chew it for the second time. 560560 and the Verizon Singular Wireless Line. Timesic is as I should take a lot more calls. I'm sure we're going to start paying attention to Tom. Little Tom is going to be the no program director. I bet you he'll get us our fart sounds back anyway. Oh, that's a Raspberry. That's for you, Tom. Raspberry. Do you want to go to QA and hello? Yes, for the quality of my favorite is your G.T. Yeah, that was Reverend Jones's boyfriend doing a different voice today. That was very good. They're clever. Huh? They are really quite a team most to. In fact, I think they are. They're gay. Yeah, a team. Yeah, I as in team America. I'm out of to be a lawyer. Do you see what you have to do, okay? It requires those. Yeah, it requires those heroic new pants. WQAM, hello. QAM. Not no time. We don't have time to wait for these. This is Snackards. QAM, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay. Listen, my favorite song is on. Oh, I'm playing every often. One goes. Listen, I'm not the fried sound. I like them as well. You probably like play them. But the thing is, like, like, like, I could write on the head with the day you should come off. When you're in an office and, like, you know, and you have that radio going and like a customer comes in, you know, when you're playing at a certain place, you're in a part-time in the office. Yeah, you know, but like, you're trying to like speak to the name and like they hear, you know, they sometimes they take a sense of that. Well, our reason why they do, you know? Well, that's how the reason that we can't play in any one of your joists will be raised in the... I don't know. I don't know how, how you think how you still think that woman. I don't know. Your agent should be taking the same restaurant with the Bobby Blake. All right. Hey, you know, how about Louise and the Bronx would be good? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was the real sure is the best of the city. Okay. All right. Hey, hey, me, go get out of here. So how do we put on the pool? Yeah. How do you put that on there? Well, spell it just like that and put Tinky Winky. Yeah. Or how about Goofy last? How about that? The Goofy last? Right. And then there's always that yogurt land. The zero, how I overdue all of these. That's another thing about a fake letterwriter, wrote to Tom and I think on. See, I really don't care about that thing in the paper. Just that just that Tom just out of nowhere out of left field does a mean-scripted thing. Just with too, just like, you know, not for any particular reason. Just with too, just like, if I came on here and started ripping him for just out of left field, you know, the based on nothing as opposed to based on the fact that he's an inscruted little two-faced, bald-headed geek. Always thought you were my friend, Tom, but kind of find out your real piece of crap, which is perfect because you work for one of the local fish wrappers. That's okay. Just wait till that 30th anniversary comes and came and asked your right said, big article in the hero and the city link and new times and old times and all these others. The Jewish ledger, all these people are going to be writing big articles and little Tom is left out there in the code. You can write about Rick Casper, okay? Probably the laziest person I've ever encountered in my life is Tom Jick. It would be too much like doing work to do a little research on Dick Casper. It's not Rick Casper, it's Dick Casper, but then again you don't know, crap. 30 QA in, hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I started cooking my guts last weekend when I asked you to do a right thing. Exactly. You're a Riley factor. Yes. I was standing in a Riley and you guys given a hard time to Canada's rescue team, so I showed up at New Orleans first. What were the people who was ever little puppet that was? Right. The sooner I excuse that all, you shouldn't be doing that because you're making those look bad. When you think, is that what you're trying to do, make those look bad? Having your rescue team show off first in New Orleans? You haven't, you have to be Joe and I got with Sirius? I am, I am Z Sirius. I am Z Sirius. You can look it up. I try to look for the clip. I can't find it. Or, and by the way, cadre of university, I'm coming over. Okay. I have a good one. See ya. All right. What do you say? You can translate. I don't understand it. I still, I'm still puzzled by what I did with that part of my pile that had to pull in there. Probably because what was the pull yesterday? Was that the one about the right wing? Well, I should know if we're still right here. Oh, that's right about the, no, and they probably do want to know the result of that pull. So maybe Eric can, yeah, that's right. And the course grown up gotty and the down for there. Uh, no. That's a shame. How could that disappear? I looked in the garbage. I've looked through my enormous piles here and it just, it just vanished from the thinnier or long with the thing about the uh, the original printout I had to leave in New York times. There were about 150 dead people in Iraq about the bloodshed and murder and violence in Iraq where things supposedly are under control and the, the insurgency is in its waning days. Yeah, so we don't know about here. That's what your lion piece of grandpa's present was a babbling. And he just gets off the hook. They don't keep replaying that clip. Although, quite frankly, if had a choose between that and the one in the word, the guy told me to go F himself. I read a see that. The one in Mississippi. That's the clip we need to see over and over again. And then of course come to find out and actually they have to bleep that out now. Right. Because they don't want to get fined by the FCC by the dirty word police. Grow up America, okay? Forget about this team America. Grow up America. That is a great movie. Human America word police highly recommended by our truth again. Lot of, a lot of profanity, a lot of all, you're ready, a lot of grotesque stuff. It's great. Including, and if you saw to one of the theater, you definitely need to get to be the unedited one to see what a, listen. Yeah. In fact speaking of Brownie. 19 before 11 at 5, 60, WQA and Hale. Neil. God. I'll be a bit of a woman in heaven. You're over here and I'm over there. And how about my mom and say, there they are. How about them at a hurry, K. And you know what, I thought it was. I can take from that TV. We're going to, that that pipe's mocha sticks one little pinky toe in the studio again. Why, I'll punch him in the nose. See? I'll knock out his teeth, I say. I'm gonna mobilize him. Why, I'll twist him into a fritzle. Why I'm terribly, terribly, the slice is belly open like a group of. Now make that pooper look right. The next time you're come to assassinate my good character, I'm gonna call my attorney. I'm calling the national dogs. I'm at a wedding hour. Yeah, I'm calling my rabbi. And I'll call, maybe, like label. And then I'm gonna pull a freight train using only my dents, like what American boy you didn't land so strong You know why you're having to buy him what is that There's a monkey in my check-a-tank Why you And out of my check-a-tank Oh Not there not that I'm waiting for the last breath Let's see here's a fact from the frogheader who says you haven't played it in a while, but I'd like to see I must be crazy I must be nuts. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I'm not as in John Henry I don't think we need to put that on there. It's not gonna be a name boat, right? Okay. It really won't know It's now only to say this to your fate now. Stirn is still playing for it sounds and has been all along Right back when I'm off was sitting in there with a dump button with the 85 dump buttons and a 45 minute delay I guess we were dumping all those on clean the day that he had the farting contest or whatever that thing was So they had a dump a whole segment of it out very juvenile and childish. Okay, based not on the FCC Based not even in the most repressive American laws under this fascist regime Based on the ramblings of joys who doesn't know a radio from your rain is okay or the English language or FCC Lair nothing just makes it up as she goes along because you know panic is us so when it's out leave it out And I'm gonna say it again if Clarence and Ward Duff and of course Greg forget about him because he he has to leave it to corporate legal You know, which is code for he's been whistified since he pulled that fast deal with my contract that time and lie to his teeth about it Since that time he's been whistified and putting his place by corporate legal by Carol and Vizily and by Joyce over there And otherwise ghost embarrassing So anyway, you'll have to make do without the fart sounds But that's a raspberry. Okay for Greg and for Clarence and for Duff and for Joyce especially Another one for her. There you go Joyce. Okay before and thanks to Eric getting that pull from yesterday I got it I still can't find what I do with that that's why the second time I think ever done that Three strange you ever had that happen you had some rain from you. Yeah, well Not under your ass is it sometimes if I you know it is not under my ass I'm not sitting on it. I'm not a catching it cigarette lighter or a remote it's under my ass Although I am fully clothed now and that's because I had to go down and get that bulk of brindas I bet you thought it was because the window washers are here. What you said you had to put a shirt on for that But then of course it would have been bad if I just had the shirt no pants on to go down stairs get it over the grind But anyway this because I got this big pile and I don't get to a lot of these because I don't read as many stories Now the jikers on to me Germans designed exploding chocolate bar All right German saboteurs designed an exploding chocolate bar for a campaign of sabotage against Britain WWE WWE according to documents released last week by the British National Archives There was no evidence however that such lethal threats were ever deployed the chocolate bomb I mean that's what I was seeing in that movie team America. Maybe that's what that was That was dog just leave it. Okay, you didn't even see it yet part of it And you don't want to let you do that. I thought to myself well here we go. It's transporting all over again What do you know what I like this forget about it the chocolate bomb was illustrated in documents Which also explained that it was intended to blow up seven seconds after somebody trying to break off a piece The sketch of the device labeled an English was apparently made by British agents The bomb is made of steel with a thin covering of real chocolate the note said when the piece of chocolate It's broken off the canvas Showing his pulled and a delay of seven seconds goes by and then the bomb explodes Other German designs are fooded bombs disguised tens of plums throat lashing just shaving brushes Batteries would cool and stuffed dogs you ever see what are slowed? I have so stuffed Americans dinner said one does our innovation bombs disguised as cans of peas According to documents released two years ago the pee bombs were intercepted. I heard a pee brains never pee bombs Speaking of our management team the pee bombs were intercepted when three Nazi savatures were arrested in Ireland in July 1940 the cans contain small slabs of nitro cellular explosives dismissing the threat British security agents said the devices were the most primitive kind kind like the brits primitive German espionage and sabotage in Britain reached a level of 100% incompetence in WWE 2 historian Christopher Andrew told a press briefing others and Kennedy factedly put the intent test in and after the mobile case as you well This is all well and good. You know how to job, but it's all just a window dressing that BDI bastard's gonna get in It's just a while we going through this something for they had talking hidden that we're supposed to put on anyway The archives also released some copies of some printed materials attributed to German saboteurs one red to the men of Britain and Ier you have proved yourselves a race of object cowards I'm willing to leave your mamas and wifey's aprons strings and fight me you license Verman spawner prostitutes you you're fairy and really a crystal historian of the security service Said the effort is so bad. He thinks it may have been a spoof coat of beverages civil service. I've got to have something to do Abin to be sure said live many years ago Okay, Ted Comba. Now here's the pull from yesterday. Thanks, Eric Worst TV show of all time is we had 264 votes. That's not too bad In fact, the Josh says that if we don't get 800 during the show today on this pull he's leaving And that what you said that's what I said about those marlins by the way I told you Houston couldn't score in a fixed game to let tell you that you did I predicted Marlin victory last night They won 42 Phillies, they'll beat the bravest last night. I believe five before was that final score. Yes, so it's like I told you Houston is a feigning They're fading which they have a habit of doing that. It looks that way just kind of like the red socks are starting to fade And the Yankees are making it move 17 to two yesterday Yankees and Tampa Bay. Wow not not good But anyway, so the Marlins win for two last night and Houston is fading out of it But really win so it's like this weekend. That's who is gonna be just huge Yes, and that's a pp park if those games aren't all not only sold out but stand here them only That's gonna show us out Florida for being a real but I think they will be don't you sold out Jam packed there'll be people standing on a rooftop There'll be people squeaking at rock sea I don't care what you say about ways very squeaky. Oh, yeah, he's not bad. He's a squeaky And I think I don't care what anybody says. I think you'll do good Jama job on a panther games I'm sure you're shocked by my saying that but I think he will because I heard that tape that I won't give me did And you don't have to have a great Voice to do to broadcast sports. There are a lot of great analysis who didn't have a great voice But you hear I'm saying although Oh wake up George here's what this is Your buddy remember doing pretty sweet doing Cleveland and the Syracuse crunch again played in Columbus, Ohio Which I guess is why he's doing a game. Well. He's got it. Wow. Your buddy remember who's getting ready to buy you that lunch by the way Anybody know his wife can buy for me. Well, she's great love your friend your husband and could leave Don't love him call her anymore. I know she hates me, but still you know She's great the worst TV show of all time and in the colosho 153 grow a throwing up got a 139 just Absolutely gweedow inducing puking awful nasty nauseating bringing a any down several notches rosio Donald show 106 is not what you guys 106 What do they do the waiting in the metric what do they call that? Oh pal. No kilos. Oh Stones no kilos right always 2.2 pounds so she probably weighs 1006 kilos. All right Dr. Phil 89 Jerry Springer said and you look at Dr. Phil. We left him off at the beginning and he's zoomed up as we knew he would He just blows man. He's pathetic prior to the time that we adopt to the dull amendment Jerry Springer 78 Comprox 71 American Idol 66 he haul 59 show for idiots 48 a show for female idiots fear factor 44 the view 40 bunch of fat old bitches and Barbara Walbers sitting around talking crap Duke's a has you 32 my mother the car 26 Tony loves Chachi 23 quit pick it on Scott Bayo I'm sure he was married to a Nicola Chardonnay or was that Willie Eames? Is married to her Nicola Chardonnay Harry Hamlet. No no but before that I don't know Allelians is married to Scott Bale there you go. Well who is in charge? Survivor 23 the Tony Danza show 19 he gives me shpilkies man. He just almost as bad as the Goddard we do's told house 15 golden girls 15 jackass 14 to make America We can say jackass the whole word Hmm everybody loves Raymond for 13 nanny 13 the great of much hour 13 green acres 13 Alpha 11 1011 punky Brewster 9 look at a punky Brewster and maybe we got some punky pie Cops eight science field eight they watch eight Beverly Hillbilly's eight and eight and eight a lot of punky pie The very insurely slamy offlamazel seven newly wed game six Bob you banks. I still can't get that out of my head And now you probably know what I'm talking about with his stiff neck the eight look Bob you You think yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about he always had like a he had too much starts in his collar or it is neck Expea make over six blind dates of some improvements. Love American style five Barney five to 18 five a Charles and charge five, but that's Willie loves a Scotty Mod for married with children for the love boat three the love boat I didn't I don't know if I even I hated the show, but I hated the announcer did that much worse the love boat Mark and Wendy three magnum pu had three they were definitely a gay Rugrats has got the pair hello Larry two night rider two one day at a time too. That was Bonnie Franklin right? Yes, oh and who is the a janitor on a true Schneider Pat Harrington Pat Harrington from the old Steve Allen show He used to be funny and I started to believe a nightmare and two CSI two metlock two He saw honey's two Mr. Ed had one kill against Adam one two close for cover one will grace one and none for gets smart Street smarts or gomer's piles This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 A This is the Neil Rogers show This is your blame Any questions Just subscribe back in the here and open about a guy who died Bob and birth was the editor and yeah, that's right. He died He had so many coconuts all upon his head He just got up to the square here, which was already dead I was known as ruthless butterworth a dopey Gillis friend and playing hick-minist on life But Denver met his end It's got Denver a guy He last was seen in a grave like this charted six feet in the ground with a homemade Frank failing soon Jim back is and The old white But not seen the weasers of the little back home And here's the looks 24 By See Oh yeah, and that's gonna go zoom into the top because this audience is big into back them trust me when I tell you So Josh tells me during the break that we're not gonna like where were it because it is Wednesday It's the third day back on a full schedule. We're going for 800 a day. Okay 800 votes otherwise he's out That's right. I'm out. And now what you said? Oh, we got 354 in the first hour for Christ's sakes We should be able to get 800 with our eyes closed blindfolded tied up with our legs tied together We should We should we should no sweat. So let's get on it. Okay. It's about timely kicks in serious asom is time get this audience off their duck off their duck You're fairie. Oh this story remember I was telling you about fan something about fany pack the other day something about back them Number hi. I forgot what it was about that although I think joyous is we can't say fany pack because it sounds too much like Anyway two FBI agents on their love. I was about to go with a fany bag that we hate so much That guess that keeps showing up on all your appearances that for a long time Big in your appearances by the way. When's your next appearance at some Port of graphic strip club or anywhere for that matter none Everybody fat boys like you now and again. I probably sitting back there plotting with many bell to throw your little ass under the Train again under the bus your good post personal friends I tried to tell you who your friends are in that place you won't listen to me. I'm proud. I am proud of hang for one thing More than anything else. He at least admits see at least he admits Then and I can understand with him because he gets suspended if he parts the wrong flavor He looks in somebody cross-eyed he gets suspended So at least he admits that I'm the one it's always got to be the bag. I have to speak for everybody else because we got a bunch of cowards Basically working on a radio station But when it comes to certain people don't don't don't don't don't I'm terrified he's gonna beat me up. You know He's gonna punch me into those and he just it just makes me sick of my son I'm just giving up any hope that they're they see I keep out for for four years now I've said oh I think that there's a party him that you know actually is like a ball I was wrong there's nothing there They just know hope to come back and join the human race and be capable of working in Environment where you're like a cold existing with other human beings just can't do it So I was right why should I waste my time? Don't I'm too busy trying to get the fart sounds back But there's not a raspberry for you in Joyce you bitch you idiot you clueless bitch Two FBI agents on their lunch break in Los Angeles Capture demand leads to be the Fanny pack banded a bank robber who carried out a nine month crime spree the Vanden rob banks from Manhattan beats the Santa Monica often carrying off his hole in a Fanny pack On Saturday special agents Michael Haas and Steve Morris looked up from their salads in a Brentwood restaurant to see a man outside a bank of America Carrying a bank bag with red smoke building from it smoke that often comes from exploding pepper spray lace Die packs that banks used to deter robbers the man ran his agent's approach But Haas caught him a few blocks later said FBI spokesman Laura I'm Miller the man was carrying 1256 bucks in cash with the release said it was identified as PN PN The PN Peter you ever see a PN Peter I'll tell you I Identified as Peter sir and Walsky 45 Walsky appeared Tuesday before federal magistrate judge on a single charge of bank robbery and was held in lieu of 400 grand bail Remin said for September 20. So it's still timely this story even though was deep in my pile and FBI F. had a would said there wasky confess to the Brentwood robbery and nine others That we official said they're interviewing witnesses in those cases before bringing additional charges He was the Fanny pack a robber. He'd stop it in his Fanny pack in a money to I think So there's less of a fraud you kids out there if you want to steal stuff It's always good to have like a penny pack packet as Supposed to like when I was in college we used to have our rotty code song was big even in the middle of the summer time Oh, hally lots of pockets right To steal stuff like a lie. I told you like some tan lotion and candy no, it's some tan lotion That's that's what I one time I stole a thing of some tan lotion copper tone I've no idea why cuz I never used it But it was just you know when you're in college you do stuff you do a lot of cram do you use to all some Sun tallya to bed don't like it your mama just like I told you about the 80 bucks I found on the ground at time outside my front door here. Oh my god And I stuffed it my pocket who would know who's it was? 80 bucks I can lose that in 25 seconds of wood buying what does 80 bucks for crying a lot cheap Canadian currency who needs that a although it is up to almost 85 cents getting really bad You're working dollars going to hell you bet this BDI it's not just BDI He you're right about his eyes That's the background that John Roberts man this guy you can see it in his eyes in his face He is the devil. I bet you know what movie I saw again the other night which was very bad But the first one was a lot better. Oh, men too with Bill Holden. Okay, and Lee Remick wasn't Lee Remick in that I don't remember about old and two if I do pardon. I mean I saw it a hundred years ago But I don't remember who he said it. It anyway He had now I don't think they ever looked in this in this movie on the head where he had the six six six I don't recall that he seemed where they did that Damien and of course in the end Damien okay, because I'm sure there was an old man three wasn't there Yeah, there was because he still alive it didn't the movie right Bill Holden doing too good Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha In fact, I think he was holding a booze bottle in his hand That was gonna be a mother Shane what a great actor he was. Too bad he wasn't such a horrible movie But I'm sure wasn't the only One way to holding about my all-time favorite. It's just a great great actor All right the end of the show. I see I'm starting to find I don't know everything's out of order here, but that's good Distuated it is all over the place the way little time he likes to show all over the place We've got to come to your house. I mean, I'm gonna like dump all over the place. It was Lee Grant would it I say Lee Remick? Yeah it was Lee Green. Yeah. I'll be there until until this time I thought it was to tag you all along. Our is after, our is after many New York firefighters gathered to mark the fourth anniversary of the 9-11 terrorist attack Sunday. A firefighter was arrested for attacking an immigrant worker and telling him he looked like he's al Qaeda. Police said, this is the story I was going to use at the end of the show yesterday, but I ran out of time after that bit about the terrorist that I'm living next to you. Firefighter Edward Daily was arrested Sunday afternoon on charges of criminal mischief and felony second to be assaulted. Police charging Kevin Ferrell said, and hadn't yet been determined whether the charges were redepped created to a hate crime. In fact, most of the crimes in South Florida ought to be a hate crime because everybody hates anybody anyway, right? Yeah, hate crime. Daily 20s. In fact, let's take over to pull the y'all suck. Well, how's that doing on the full they all suck? Oh yeah, 14 votes. They all suck. All the sounds we got. Oh, they all suck. All right. Daily 27 is accused of breaking a piece of plastic last off a curbside news stand and showing that a 51 year old man who works there Ferrell said, Daily has said the man and immigrant from Bangladesh looked like he's al Qaeda Ferrell said. It's just the victim who's almost cut in the alleged attack was treat that local hospitalator at release Ferrell said a woman who answered the phone at Daily Sunday, glad to come. Daily was the class valeditorine that is FDNY graduation ceremony last year. Isn't that great? That's great. York firefighter. Wow, there's always one, you know, a lot of very courageous wonderful New York firefighters and a lot of dead ones too because they weren't getting any messages from the New York police back on 9 11. The fact that they weren't communicating, what did this grace? You know, it's just an ego thing. You know, we're going to show you we don't need to talk to you because, you know, that whole kind of mentality. Okay, let's get whether to take about 4 5000 calls between now and 2. We're going to have at least 800 votes on the pool. I make sure we got like 400 right now without even looking at it. Like I said, 375. I want to make the, I want to tell what we need. 5.50 by noon. Okay. Oh, you say. That's right. To be on the safe side. Well, we've got a good weather. We got 370. It is what I see on there now. WQAM. Hello. That whole kind of mentality. QAM. You're fortunate to know you didn't have a good. Oh, yeah, that would be a good one to be on there. QAM. Hello. I didn't know. Oh, I am. Pretty good. Good. I heard a player, George. We got to work for the location in the basket. When it's so sorry, George. No, that's okay. It will make stuff with your power and everything. Yeah. Hi. Hi. I heard on the MPR yesterday, I'm not sure if they're correct, but I think he said that to build up those revies customer about 14 million. And that's about the name of the building. They're spending right now in Iraq for a day. Right. 14 billion. That's correct. That's not what it was. How did I have to put it? Yeah. Yeah. 14 billion and they turned them down and we're spending that every day in Iraq. That's correct. I'm checking out. I'm going back to Holland. You made a good luck to you, pal. Tell me. Two. Toat scenes. Something like that. That's that stuff. I can understand why the Germans have all that. And also the Jews because we all of that dairy. You know, all those cheese blinks and stuff like that. And the Germans are adding. I know, the Germans believe a lot of dairy. They mostly meet the big end of flesh. You know, brought worst buck worst, not worst. Uh, sour brun. And what's the other thing that they'll be in a snow. They'll look at the, they'll look at their venerous snitzle. Problem at it. After 11 at 5 60 W. I see. That's true. Me off that thing with my pile. I just, it's one of those deals were right off the bad. So probably, Jacob, we're writing a comment about that tomorrow about how this organized I am and how what this is what happens. We sit and read a bunch of news paper stories for four hours every day. This organized and just don't know how to do a show anymore. And you know what Tom, the checks are still fantastic. And they're actually showing up on time. How do you like that little Tommy? I wonder how much Tommy's putting away every two weeks, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, really, really sad. I just don't get it, you know? I like to be able to, you know, maybe I can get that job on the side, you know, just write a part about some stupid STV show. Even very jackass has like the little at set of a notes underneath his columns, but that requires a little bit too much work as my friend Rick Casper would say 11 13 a QAM. If you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that is fast, one that's reliable, one that's easy to use. In short, you want the best. You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America, Comcast, high speed internet. It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition, which speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light. You can download music, photo, streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience going. And with features like the fan, video email, security manager, and radio plus it's even more intense than ever before. And right now, you can get yourself the Comcast high speed internet for just 9 95 a month for the first two months. Call 1 800 Comcast and get you the number one high speed internet service in the country today. Certain restrictions apply call for details toll free, 1 800 Comcast. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 5 16 18 point again. Absolutely. Yes. What should know, the city of New Orleans? Yes, some of the people down there say he failed. Mae Ball by himself. Stuftopine  com In a room, but we made a bigger deal Inserts were never leave all away One white girl we drank a late I leave an ass for help from the name he seems George Bush was vacationing in Crawford I guess that's your deal Be no Marty from girls on wild knees The city of New Orleans Or don't have children to explore it up These are stirps, it can happen in real fucking grass You took so you can be prepared for floods, tornadoes or even a quake You gotta be ready so you don't break Disaster, frankly, you're responsible for the energy A mitigation is important to our agency People help people in this country do And FEMA is dead, it helps to use the room When disaster strikes we are at our best But we're ready all the time because disaster don't rest Alright That's for real Thanks, folks, and that's the FEMA RAP from the National FEMA website Yo, yo, yo, yo And that grade? Wonderful They are really silent and they're doing it They're kicking it ancient style as what they're doing It's just pathetic Word Monika says I vote for Oh, I definitely want the farce back Well, thanks for your vote, Monika They got 10 chances to get in the farce back That's a raspberry for George again In fact, let's just give her like a whole bucketful Or raspberry, there's another one Bitch Now I don't blame her, I blame the fact that we got such a weak Need management man, such a bunch of cowards And of course what happens is you back yourself into a corner When you put a bunch of potty mouth crap on the universe place like Scott Ferrell And then you put the stirren shawan there Which is guaranteed to get you fine to the guarantee you could have bait your life on it And then all of a sudden you start hitting real nervous and peeing in your pants And you like you back in and then you can't do anything anymore No, no, well, we still have that And of course some people in the industry who write a lot of crap I don't want to mention Tom again They ought to understand that They were like trying to do a show with our arms and legs Tied behind our back Would have foot up our That's okay little Tom you keep traction just spell the name right you turn coat you quizzing you You're fairy what's your favorite sound to drop it on the old show is our pull question That Monica was responding to fart sounds are leading 70 people want him back And let's give choice another raspberry But we're not letting us play the fart sounds About 30 man is got 60 I'm not gonna play the I'm not turning man I'm dying over here 42 you theory is got I'm not a fair 42 that's become extremely popular 38 for I'm a dot dot dot dot Even though we know that some people never say that absolutely correct Sir at 20 or 37 mad dog doing his all right Oh rat 24 Oh, do you know that Clarice called me on Friday was there or last Thursday Okay, ask my permission for playing some mad dog drop and they played during the adult and pre-game thing on Sunday I'm one of the bits of mad dog sings How do you like that call me to ask my permission Well, I said sure Clarice whatever you want you quizzing you you're fairy They also are 15 they all suck everybody sucks There's the soft Florida hate no matter what the pull question is they all suck you're all everything sucks In fact, if you watch that movie again, team America world please Two has twelve everybody loves the old two You're gonna bat You'll be sweet 10 or nine you'll be shack eight unbelievable seven the dice Six the buffalo bill is got five but Larry King's only got no four I had no life three rock solid three for rocks that lead his body's the rock solid so far over the top I mean he's getting so carried away with him so rock solid rocky just just leave it away I think I'll just keep saying I rock rock Rock solid rock solid Wow just becoming a lunatic with that he probably when he's shaving in the morning looking in the mirror rock solid You know, he's just a nut shop but then again nobody's up that hour in the morning and we'd be here It puts the lotion in the basket buffalo bills got a pair Druse and Druze with his now he's got a pair but let's hope we never see him Picks nor two absolutely by the mom ice there. That's a looping. I got two that's one of my favorites Reck them one only one only one rectum sort of ticky winking it See I really don't know how you say You got one no that's not I guess well goofy laugh one that's this laugh And look at that oh my call on a devotee for that Oh, the office though and certainly nobody wants to vote for it Four hundred and thirteen votes our goal today is forty five thousand okay if we don't get forty five thousand votes We're gonna come to your house and blow your brains out. How do you like that each and every one of you? So look at that. It is we don't get sixty million votes Parts of baton Rouge could reopen by next Monday and up eat mayer now. Why does that? I understand mayer Ray Niggins not the mirror baton Rouge This is our who wrote this article it's from the LA times really bad because it's data line baton Rouge And it says parts of the silicon devastated city they really mean New Orleans believe me could be open by next Monday Upied mayer Ray Niggins said yesterday as officials announced the first homicide charge is connected to the hurricane Katrina disaster Very very weak in the LA times no less but I've had these newspaper people also state attorney general Charles Foddy Jr announced yesterday the owners of St. Reed is nursing him in St. Bernard Paris have been charged with 34 counts Of negligent homicide after 34 residents died during the intense flooding caused by the storm You see here's the deal when they say that there's plenty of land to go around they're absolutely right because the local The city the state officials and of course FEMA and the federal government and your i'm not just president who now finally says for political reasons All I take responsibility right as if anybody's going to buy that this is the same guy who says oh something what wrong what was that you do a heck of a job Browning But now they try to do not not Damage control as far as the hurricane is concerned they're trying to do political damage control is what they're trying not not going to work not working a little bit Except for quizlings like Jeff Greenfield and well post-cree. Oh, yeah just like JFK after the Bay of Pigs right Prosecutors investigate reports that they facility St. Reed is nursing home that the staff fled the premises leaving behind mostly elderly patients Some trapped in their beds. What about those spinyless cowards don't charge in this shoot him? Yeah, owners in the nursing home Or asked if they wanted to move the patients they did not they were wondering particularly that the storm was coming and effect their reaction resulted in the death of these patients Cody said in the Nationally televised news conference Meville and Gano owner administrative the nursing home and Salvador man Gano coloners surrendered and were jailed and ought to be shot Just like the people there to die Save their own ass and of course, but like I said it's partly lack of planning in the first place because if there had been a coordinated detail plan of evacuation They had Friday, Saturday and Sunday they had three days to do it and the first people I should have been taken out Where the people that needed like you know, you're serious care in the hospitals and people in the nursing homes They should have been the first people to be getting out and you'll notice by the way speaking of the people with a big bucks getting out real fast That those old anti-velle mansions that are built on higher ground. They're still a real great shape Yeah, do you see that? They're still doing just fine. Oh, we're fine So I personally show you like they always say the rich care richer and the poor just keep making babies What's up? About an hour or so a go is now a little bit more than an hour and a half ago on air He's what John Bolton tuna that must day doesn't that take it even just look at John Roberts eyes and John Bolton's mustache and George Bush's That's all you need to know This is a new Roger This is five 16 George Bush doesn't care about black people coming up tonight on inside and behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story It's time to play six degrees of Scientology And we started all of with on go boy go Okay, on go boy go was co-founded by Danny Alpham John Luxemyship is a reporter for the magazine at your 10th minute late Danny Alpham went on to a big career writing soundtracks like Batman and Dolores Clayborn Dolores Clayborn star Jennifer Jason Lay who co-star with Brigitte Fonda in single white female Brigitte Fonda is now married to Danny Alpham Who is related by marriage to Jenna Alpham star of the sucky TV show, Darmand Greg Jenna married Danny Alpham's nephew, Body Alpham and converted to Scientology for him While the really amazing thing is that even Scientology couldn't stop Darmand Greg from sucking That's true The hell is Body Alpham Good question He's had a lot of bitparks and movies but so far Scientology really hasn't done crap for his career In fact, I'll bet a lot of people think that if they become a Scientologist they'll become as famous as John Travolta as Fat as Cursee Ali Or as closet and as Tom Cruise The reality is most Scientologists are anonymous losers Just like the rest of us Or you go going out they were not Scientologists Yet they were famous Go figure It's a big juicy soft and wet look at show business tonight on inside the Bahrain Well if you weren't Scientologists maybe they weren't gay It's 20 until noon at 5.60 WDK Nick in Bokas says what about He died from Pazzo for the drop-in, so All right, how are you played once this morning? Who was that about? It was about your buddy Bob Denver Yes, it is 450 votes you got a very shabby shot at 5.50 by noon if we're going to get to that 800 or else the Josh just retires We're all going to retire. We're just not coming back tomorrow. How do you like that? We're going on strike till we get our furloughs back. How about a half a fart? 450, that's pretty weak if you asked me. What do we do the first hour? We did the three something earlier almost 3.80 Pretty weak. You see how they slack off? That's why Josh needs to keep beating these people over the head Don't forget we got the Marlins in the Astros This is the third game of a 4 game serious So in other words Marlins if they could win today they cleanse the series But that's really it's like one game at a time right now when she get in the this time of the year Right, yes, it's not a question of who wins the series if you're right Right exactly like push Houston out of the race for the wildcard And then have to worry about 12th of the althea. The thing with 12th of the althea is that they got to finish that series with Atlanta So at least they're playing like a real team is opposed to a girl's team like the dolphins played on Sunday I still can't get over that Jake the plumber and people try to talk themselves into believing the dolphins are going to be like a dinosaur Steater they're going to be great the next save in years and speaking of the next saving years How about that they want that in Pittsburgh? She doing it or what? Right that one step error right over there The panthers are the pits in Pittsburgh man. He is picking up right where he left off of the dolphins They've once did what a piece of turtid is Come on this piece of crap. Let's see on and look at this Todd says the guy Yeah, because to sure what this audience knows because the guy that says Jesus Christ How can you not know that that's moe? Okay, but oh, Stentori and tells of his Jesus Christ. Yeah, I mean you can put that under if you want to see Jesus Christ But how could Todd? He went to God you better start listening. I only words he knows He didn't know that is you know moe never don't ever say He don't don't don't go there once in a while. He might say it could go like that 560 pound 560 in a Verizon and sing it a wireless lines. What are we going to do about joy? I think we're just going to have to break our kneecaps is what it is I think that's a good idea. I'll hold her you sleep. Okay. No, you're the swimmer. Come on. You weigh in. Hello. How are you doing tonight? I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I don't really miss the fight noises. I do miss those choice queen noises. I love you, you're hot. You're hot. Yeah, that's what I'm going to put that on there because I forgot about it. The one that goes. You're hot. You're hot. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. That's it. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. I'm going to have to make a good deal with the guy. We have to figure out which is cash column is Mona Lisa's or As soon as somebody calls it, we're not going to be prepared for the next terror attack. They're all of a sudden. He starts to take responsibility because as long as you mentioned, it's not very wrong. You know what they told him when he started taking responsibility. It was approval rating was down to 38%. That's when they decided. and you better start taking a blame because you're dropping like a rock. I almost thought we were living in freedom to like up there to headline. Yeah. He's a clown and we need to get rid of him. No, he's not a clown. He's a dangerous dumbbo as what he is. Dangerous. Tom, Tom's at least there are sometimes amusing except for John Wayne Gacy. Oh, speak out of that. Speaking of that apology, your buddy Doug Thompson writes the rant in capitalillblue.com. The day hell froze over speaking of bushes big apology yesterday that we're all supposed to be so impressed by. Seriously, what Jeff Greenfield, you're an imbicill man. You belong right on here on CNN. A real, you know, doesn't want to say anything. And you're not too far to the left, not too far to the right. You know, don't mind rock the boat. So just filling up a lot of time, you know, while both Blitzgriggas clicking his damn hip boots together. Card carrying Nazi Blitzgrigg man, somebody should break his knees. A lot of knee and a lot of knees that need to be broken, you know it? And he's one of them. Drag his ass right off that chair. Tilt them all right there on CNN right now. Greenfield. Yeah, see him too. The day hell froze over Doug Thompson writes he says that I missed a cat of cosmic event that rocked the heavens, it rocked it, rock solid. Did Christ be appeared and walk on water, did hell freeze over or maybe alien's landed on them all in Washington? Something must have happened to shift the earth out of its orbit because George W. Bush accepted blame for something. That's right. President Bush, America's weapon of mass deflection. The man who never ever admits wrong went in front of the cameras and said the government slowly spots to the dead and dying from Hurricane Katrina was his responsibility. Surely the moon is fallen out of orbit will crash into the earth. Sonami's will rise and drown the east coast and west coast. Earth quakes will turn Arizona into beach from property. Jesus himself will appear on Larry King live and proclaim W. is and has been his boy. Something must have happened to change the world overnight. Bush doesn't admit mistakes because obviously he never makes them. Just ask the babbling minions who follow his every word and sing praises about his non-existent accomplishments. Excuse me while I sit down. This is too much to take at once. If Bush gets a minimum mistake, then God knows what else may happen in the square world. Oil companies made a myth of Praskar, Praskaging, and dropped the price of a gallon of regular to 50 cents a gallon. OJ Simpson will many off his wife and offer to shoot himself on national television, pay per view of course. Democrats and Republicans will recognize that America not party comes first. Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson will admit they really are in the religion against for the money and that checking up with groupies ain't that bad either. Bill Clinton will admit bopping monical a wincey because it was better sex than he ever got from Hillary. Time to label fine God, quick Congress, and about his life to creating a 12-step program for crooked politicians. Fox News will cease broadcasting and pay a fine for mass for waiting as journalism. Rush Limbaugh will develop permanent letter and dry to submit tariff of broadcasting. Al Franken will go back just to being a bad stand up comic. Bill Aright will admit to being a phone sex freak and check himself into rehab permanently. NBC and CBS will jointly announce a moratorium on spin offs with the law order and CSI. Carl Rovo and Medi outed covert CIA offered a battery plane, resigned from his job as president Bush's political adviser, and swear I never would advise another politician again. And George W. Bush will admit he admitted in the state because Carl Rovo told him it was the only chance he had left to be Bush's plummeting job approval ratings. OK, so maybe I'm hallucinating, but if George W. Bush can admit a mistake anything can happen in this world. Anything. I didn't like that. This guy's good. He's so touched. I didn't write those real long ponders articles and some people get really upset when I start reading those long ponders me and re-end, fumbling and bumming because after reading real it's going to say what he says. That kid some ball headed people really pissed off. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. A. The earth's favorite female force in his back on HBO with a sexy new show in a sexy new city. That dad. It's sexy in the city with carry. I slaughtered the entire northern alliance for this viral wings for God. Miranda. That's when I thought I met Mr. Wright. He blames out the Charlotte. I think my new boyfriend Osama has been hiding on me. And sexy Samantha. The zombie. All in all sexes are in the sun. Lots of soccer boys are crushed because i was the man of all sexes and women. O.K. Everybody knows it. Every girl knows that. Mr. Wright, you know the story. First look like you, together. First look like you're from the Red Cosmetics guy. Third look, this is how theacco's createdoung's IQ. This nickn gorillas. Ines of age says uh... and he knows we can play he's a whole by drew with so not put stuff on we can play no more set the course the far north is that they want back but he also suggest whammy got it stuck and then he says Jennifer question marketing no Jennifer who is that that's that a marion was that a marion sure oh my god the one that you're doing yeah uh... and then uh... well is got a bunch of a stuff here about john bro said this in this one said that in oil in the wetlands and et cetera thanks well but they get a life so you want to put that on me get it that or not no no i mean uh... uh... history okay yeah that's true it is in history we're trying to forget about it okay well so nice drive but they get a life final hobby take up a hobby said beside fact on us four hundred and seventy votes that's pretty lame if you ask me we're not going to get to know five fifty by noon and so the four seventy eight so the idea that we're going to get to eight hundred by two o'clock is going to be real battle today this isn't just an exercise to have fun with the audience this is like life and death this is this is one of my uh... tours that i feel obligated to do this all the time on a show is every night now and and you have to nudge these people especially in south florida works on the eighty degrees in the shape that's one of the like about ninety today right no rain sunshine right sun is shining here today hello is going to be a rain in the afternoon that bad oh well in fact it is the only rain day we're going to have like uh... in a long time haven't uh... twenty nine or what's twenty nine twenty seven right now it's seventy nine so like a little eighty three but tomorrow is going to start with like twenty four twenty two seventy five seventy two seventy three just perfect man and there's no October is going to be a abnormal temperatures with almost no rain here in Toronto not there they just i don't want to rub it in i'll speak in here and out there if i wanted to go to woodwind right now and lose my answer could do that or if i wanted to go like to any any of the racetracks very uh... flambro uh... i found a good and i will fall we got to see those all over the place but in florida and i asked about this yesterday and lo and behold here in the sun sent us got the article about it there's still working very slowly very slowly and pond was like the tortoise in the hairdial you know only more like uh... book a brand no here oh yeah here's one the guardler well the guardler or uh... that's not the guardler i think i was with the guardlers not a drop in okay i'll he was very good couple of days ago made promo but uh... even with that one on there rock or says the old lady who says who the hell are you which to be honest with you i don't even know yeah there it is thank you uh... the essence of south for uh... absolutely right rock agree that's what south for us all about for the hell i uh... when you want that like that that's what's uh... that's one of the many reasons it's so great not to be there but the preacher who says oh he's not a uh... not a preacher he's just a uh... right to life guy what the hell is that under the sound of feces it it abortion abortion feces it's another abortion feces yeah and watch yourself what everybody who's for abortion was at one time themselves at the scene and that's the closed all of you out there you were once a feces so we thank you mr. president and now dinner will be served right time to see this what he's trying to say on that lots of drop-in and it's been inspired to play it again be sure to watch the team of america for police i'm sure most of these people seen it's great warned them though they have to have a sense of humor well if you're going to watch something that's done by the south park guys why would you watch it if you don't have a sense of you a lot of people know that first of all and uh... not a lot of people know what that it's from south park that's made well i just got to tell them that but you know parker and match stone who are the creators of south park a lot of people who were didn't get it most people didn't get it it's uh... a lot of humorless people did not get it they thought it was gratuitously rose and this and that and they just it would over their heads get out of here it was fantastic and we're too tell me that our close personal friends feel handed to the voice of the computer on air are you sure if you tell me that well yeah he was uh... mr. intelligence the voice sorry well he used to be mr. intelligence but now okay he's something else the house and the senate and calahassia and you're a compromise on regulating south order slot machines but not close enough to call a special session on the issue the house business regulation committee chair said yes to the main sticking points out the tax rate on slot machine profits and whether the machines will be traditional as biggest hours slots or the now found in florida's indian casinos aka arzatz make believe nobody was voting on make believe slots arzatz well proud counties highlight front on and horse and dog tracks are anxious to see a long past represented a frank atkinson said he doesn't want to rush the issue oh sure why why rush into the world leaders in how much every day millions i mean why do we need that money for education and important stuff when now what we can do right at our feet while and he still got this picture every time they run a story about this they have a picture of people playing wheel of fortune suckers i feel a lot compulsion to post this into a special session he said is this committee heard not that on slot proposals a constitution we know about this uh... the legislature favoring agreement during its regular session is spring and a judge rule that was judge mode dot dot dot dot dot earlier the summer that power per mutuals could start bringing in slots because of the fader legislator because they didn't do what they were supposed to do despite the court decision the industry is promised not to begin operating the machines until the legislature passes a law as long as they don't drag it out too long never say never because you don't know when the legislature may remain on acts of jim horn and advocate for the per mutuals we're doing nothing right now nobody's ordering machines but it's a good machine mine also yesterday fed ass governor jamb bush to end broad state attorney michael sats in a piling circuit judge leeway mose decision that the county's for per mutual facilities could install slot machines bush argued that only the legislature can set the rules for slots and it's in the concern that really could affect negotiations the state has within the intrams which also want full five slot machines that the casinos around the state but it didn't say was that they the thing that the voter is voted on the measure said you'll either first okay and now it's September the 14 that's what you didn't mention they're just taken their dance week time the house the state house wants a 55% tax rate on slot machine profits a sentence proposed a sliding scale beginning at 35 and reaching 55% of profits dot 500 million the tax money will go to public schools under the language of amendment the senate also believes orders considered slot machines to mean class three machines like viggas and Atlantic city and woodbine has real slot machines not the class two machines that the house wants those machines are already in casinos run by the similar mickers who keep drives a look like slots but they're based on the game of bingo and players play against each other rather than the machine itself airs off slots there's a million dollars a day being left on the table minimum horn who previously served as education commissioner said after the meeting we'd like to start having that cash register ring for the schools think of the amount of teachers that would pay for a million dollars a day being left on the tables while your legislature and your fat ass governor continued stalling and stalling and drag in her feet okay just like reggaid was doing with Joe Rose all the time stalling and stalling and putting him off and suspending him and playing games line was busy signing up for Howard sir and show and send up into a Howard or he's show what it has to do with his market okay there were some of us who told them you people must be crazy you must be doing a john henry okay you must be losing your mind in this marketplace putting that on the air sitting there with duff flow with his 18 dump button yeah nice work reg oh and they were intrigued by the idea let me say again anytime you read when somebody says they're intrigued by an idea just like the people over the ticket were intrigued by the idea of team and up to me syphilis and doorroads on the dolphin broadcast you know it's a bad idea missed too much mystery and intrigue you know I'm saying not not professional broadcasting not enough common sense not enough intelligence but too much mystery and intrigue oh let's do it with this and let's do it with that yeah too much dillin go on you know what I'm saying what he said just like that dog that was humpin a guy's leg in that movie that awful movie gardener state apparently that was the highlight of the movie hey it was accurate that was a highlight of the movie for him anyway although he was doing that will be permanent which couldn't have been all that bad yeah we didn't think it's a bad movie I'm actually yes that I am warning you I'm gonna save you a lot of time don't watch garden states got four stars two thousand four came up it sucks it is just absolutely tonnless just doesn't go anywhere just yeah yeah if you're bored at the amount of kills and good time that's great perfect for you or if you like watching a guy getting a hump his leg hump by a dog oh he's a see if that does it for you five six seven oh five sixty or you can watch Mary and that's doing it in team America world police they're doing it in fact they're they do it all they do positions that nobody else has discovered yet even the cleavance theme or yeah and then of course so once he does that Lincoln law routine deputy q a m hello Neil yes sir I don't do a doctor oh yeah Mary oh you are something this guy this guy was good because we've left off all all areas right I'm out of to a talk show that one and only sixty dollars that you want me to see those right huh those two I think are definitely I'm out of to a talk show right that one and you want me to see those and what about me so horny is not bad or I don't have a bonus for or that is great radio right or what word did you say that's Joyce's favorite what word did you say that bit or what's your question or like what was people asked for the money back that Larry ripped them off years ago in Miami he said oh well I give it to you that's one of my favorites too hey Larry snap those suspenders one more time to get this is Neil Rogers yes he's five sixteen two eight six six six six six six six six six six six this is at a homeland security time range advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour you're proud we're about ten years too late yes that's when things were great when things was president okay was innocent from waiting still she friends and business and but it's brilliant and internet and there was no bad news never heard of that been Latin was there was something in the blood we still care about the gun and not about the good guys and I'm a great music yeah you could take your big like it was just from God no cell phone no no I'm not my voice or food that brand you want to be there with a land this forest that's enjoying us with from love and some fussies we're smashing and status you junior delicious sok in But that's 19. 19. 19. 95. Probably one in five sixty. Nobody come. We got the mole mice to be two. You got mad dog at four. Uh, no you don't. What's that all about? I don't know how many mad dogs on vacation. I thought we had a pristine schedule going on. But today, and tomorrow, you got guilty. At the four climb, which fits right in with what Mike and Melbourne fact is. And he says, what about the go these slats? I don't have them. And you got to go to slide part. Uh, you you had you had them all but you dubbed the uh, that one. Oh, the I have it without this land. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The gullies land. That's another one, Mike. Let's put that right on it. Let's slap Ronald a little bit. Y'all need be on it for a hurricane hotline at seven. Why is that on again? It's on every night at seven. What would you do? Is that all about the killer half an hour? I guess. I mean, it'll want to even bring in just the aggro for half an hour. Uh, so they're going to have like probably Joseph Gaki and the beast in there. Wow. Nobody listens to the ball game. Marlins on deck at seven 30 third game. That's the series of the Astros which the Marlins kicked out the first two. Marlins have used an 805 color by the Eddie Kampon gambling show hurricane hotline. Today tomorrow, please don't tell me that's something. But that's right. The Marlins are homes that they played to seven 35 on Friday. So we don't have that half hour to kill. Here's one. That ought to be on there. That's the American way. Right. We don't have to like, leap it on the website. The American, uh, belief in way. Right. And then he says this fact, you and you happen to be. That's the one. Yeah. So there's everything he needs to know. Especially these days. And many people out here have made. Yeah. Thanks to you. And there's Joe. He's Biden this time. He wants to be president, which quite frankly, uh, I mean, I'll compare to what we got. We'll be sensational. But he just, he uh, disappoints me. He's like another waffery, you know, rather equivocator. All over the place, but a beat, but a little bit. Yeah. Just like the other guy. Scary. Oh, and didn't I mention Robert Blake before it's by psychic powers again. We mentioned Robert Blake on the show a long time ago, right? I know. We were talking about the rascals long time ago. I mentioned what? The other seriously. Yeah. We haven't been talking about Robert Blake. And I mentioned them early. Read a number of what context. And here's the story. Robert Blake's slain wife. You're somebody wanted to kill her. The actor's handyman testified in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the woman's family. He mentioned someone in New Jersey who threatened to kill her. Earl Colwell testified yesterday, and he also provided security for bunningly bakeley that redneck trailer trash bitch. Bakeley was fairly shallow. We know that. Colwell was originally implicated in that case, but charges were dropped before went to trial. He and Blake are co-dependence in the rumpled death suit. Colwell also testified yesterday that he joined a couple of untripped Arizona month before bakeley was murdered. Attorney Eric Dubin, who represents the bakeley family, maybe he was kind of like their Kato Killing, you know? Was he? He was like a cling on. Attorney Eric Dubin who represents the bakeley family alleged that Colwell became ill on the trip from the idea of killing bakeley. He was like Pukin is from that. Colwell, however, said he became dizzy and nauseated after running up the steep rock where Blake and his wife were cuddling and a sleeping bag. He described that trip as kind of a honeymoon for the couple who had went a few months before after test proved that Blake was the father of bakeley's baby girl, Blake and bake, shaken bake. He also said he enjoyed bakeley's company on that trip. She was found to be with these, said she didn't mind swimming in the river. Being in the jacuzzi or being on a boat probably naked as a jabber, I would imagine. Was you a Simon to kill Miss Bickley along that river, Blake's attorney, Peter Reselle, as Colwell, certainly not. He replied, absolutely. Absolutely not. What is it? But when he feed his hair, the law is about life. It's about facts. There you go. You let him have a joke. Stick it to him when his good dog and pony sure you guys are put not. And then he'll hold for him anyway. 5605, 6605, Tom 560, he Verizon, singular wireless life. So George is a Simon tonight as to watch a sleeping with Motown. What is the story with that? I packed it up. I took it out to the night. The lighter notes. And then I put it aside here to figure it out. Stick it back in the briefcase. Well, stick it in his sack, Josh, before we leave, he's made sure. Before he walks out of that room, make sure he sticks in his sack. And then he'll be able to pull out of the briefcase. Make sure it's still there. Oh yeah, what an epi nice. Because I'm not sending another one. Okay, everybody. So he'll have to bring another one. If you lose that, I went out and had to spend hard or in twenty some bucks to buy me the new one. And in order to send you the one that's said sent to me. So that you could watch it and you're sitting there. Every excuse out of the sun. He just doesn't want to watch it. That's all. You know, it's Motown. It's all those dark folks. You don't want to see that stuff. He wants to go watch M&M pretending to be a dark guy. That's what he wants to see. I want to see those guys running around of their underwear. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm doing pretty good. Listen, thanks for putting that on a flat mower on your website. That's a beautiful thing. Keep your office street. 247 miles an hour. I've been flat there. Really? I haven't come close to that bit of practice. And ladies, one other thing. I might have killed you in the fight of proof. Okay. He's right. He sent his in the middle of eating so fruit. The 567. He's fundamentally different conclusion. Yeah. 560. 560. 560. The Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. We're under tremendous direct to take at least 60. 70,000 calls every day. Now, because we want to really spice up this radio station. Because we don't want to hear people talking crap about the dolphins. Going to win a super bowl. Yeah, boring stuff like that. You want to talk about the Marlins winning the pennant or winning the wildcard. And go to the world series again. That would be interesting. Not an issue, of course. But on some stupid sports show. 534. Okay. Now, I said 550 around the top of the hour. We're not that far off. We're not on our March 800. See, we could have just had 700 again today. And that would have been easy. Because we're building back up toward that thousand goal. You know, now that we have to get the audience back after George killed. I mean, after the summer time. No, no, it takes a while for them all to come back. Not just because you chased some of them away. But because a lot of people were away for the summertime. You know, that's a good excuse. Well, that's not what Greg says. He chased them all away. And Maddie Bell says absolutely positive. You know, and I still end just being here. And in fact, we're, of course, with the whole heartily. And we're, while he's nothing when the back with that big machete that you've got to with. WMQA and hello. Yes, sir. Now those are the days when the inputs of the dumb button and the hour, which certainly has some sort of spotting contest. Yeah. And they've got so bad that they had to end the playing music on. Right. Now you go for a whole 15 minutes segment. You want to hear Howard or Robin or anything. All the way. All the way. We're music. Now, we're looking everybody be so stupid as to put this show on this station in this market. They had to be crazy. I told them that, but what a wine. I know nothing. Now you have to pay those fines. Go on. Go on. The bus will bill. No, it's not Henry. But it is not. Okay. And what about that? You managed. Yes. That's a good one. Okay. Yeah. Maddie. Maddie. I've got a lot of them. We got to y'all right on there. Yeah. I'm looking. Yeah. And then there is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's just. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, what about you, turd? That that should be on there. That's always true. Huh? Another. It's. Yeah. I would. You're a turd. Okay. We can still say that probably tomorrow we'll get a memo. Oh, you can't say turd on the air. Joyce this decided. She don't like being called a turd. That's probably. And I'm going to apologize to every turd that ever got flushed. Okay. I've never got dropped even though I was floating around in the water in the whirlwinds. We apologize because. Joyce is several. Several. Notches below that. And then of course there's always you check that. Yeah. But we don't play that for real. And then there's. Oh, right. All right. All right. Yeah. Oh, and then there's always. Look at that. Yeah. Yeah. Right. See, we can't even play that. Oh, God. There's so many mad dog. That's son of a bitch. It's cute. Yeah. And then there's. That's just stupid. I'm going to start on this thing and I'm going to wrap it all your long. Oh, and of course. Oh, it's a god. And. Oh, I'm so. You're so big. There's a few more you can put on there. Because obviously the more we put on and the more votes you're going to get in. There's a better chance of a loss. You'll fall off again tomorrow with our 100 votes today. If not too bad. If not, we're taking the day off tomorrow. Okay. So, I don't think I don't believe in being thin skin. If you're going to do this for a living. But I'm going to change my mind about that. I'm getting tired of taking crap. People are accused me of giving them crap. Or the ones that, and especially me and George. Not so much Josh yet because he's all or Josh. I'm sure it gets a bad mouth all over the building because he's part of the show. Be hard as back in. Yeah. Oh, guaranteed. See, one thing that I want to make the audience see. We're not joking about this when George says this. This is true. Anybody at QAM anybody who either is associated with the show or. Let's have the know that they like to show or like any of us associated with show personally on a first level. There's the enemy. Yes. Anybody at like spoke of Brian. They're like Josh, George, me. There's the enemy. Now, the interesting part about that is that there are a lot of those people in the building. So there must be an awful lot of enemies running around. Yes, there are. Yeah. Thank goodness. And then of course there are those people who hate us like poison. But they're also the enemy. So they're, it's, you know, sleeping with the enemy. The Dutch government passed open electronic file on every child and birth as a tool to spot and protect a couple of kids in the future. Well, that sounds like big brother. Well, they're the ones that started that big brother show anyway. Did they? Yes. Didn't know that? No, I didn't. They probably, uh, it's actually entertaining over there. I'll bet. There's better looking people on over there. And they probably actually do something. Yeah. A lot. Beginning January 1, 2007, all Dutch citizens will be tracked from cradle to grave in a single database, including health, education, family, and police records. The health ministry said yesterday, I'll still believe. As a privacy safeguard, no single personal agency will be able to access all contents of a file. But organizations can raise red fangred flags and to dossier to question other agencies about problems, ministry spokesman, Chair and Brewer said, you're fine. I can't stop thinking about this scene in team America world to links where you see Alec Baldwin on the stage. And as all these Hollywood stars, all these activists, and every one of whom they superimposed the words, five over every kid says, great, you have to see it. Oh, because of the guilt. What is it? The film actors' guilt. That's right. Filmmakers' guilt. Fag. Susan Surman and Fag. And then I'm at Damon. That's all he ever says. The intention is to protect tribal children, Browers said, until now, schools in place have been unable to communicate with each other about true and see records and criminality which are often linked. If you're still something, if you go shoplifting at the buy-in-corruptor, I don't know who it is. John, that's pretty nice to parmists to her, by the way, you've been here. Which one? Right next to that Dan Square, the buying-corruptor. The child protection services will say, hey, there's a warning flag from the police. There's another one from school. There's another one from the doctor, Browers said, something must be going on. It's time to call the parents in for me. Very well. Then let's probably put like a mark on it like a swastik under four hits. Something like that. Chip, then computer chip. Oh, I thought you said something else. Good. I could say that. When that was also in team America on his forehead, what I thought you said. Come in if you lay in hello. Not there. But you lay in hello. Yes sir. I had a good one for you. Yeah. Put a love of Christ. Meal God. I think it was a good one. Yeah. They're real God. Okay. Now we could put different versions of that. I think I said would be, that would be wrong. Yeah. Because I don't play the Curtis or the Orlando one. They're real God. They're real God. Since Orlando, what I told Orlando, since he abandoned us for his boyfriend, I mean, he was like, I don't know. But that was like original one. So, you know, well, I was, or Orlando, he was like, all right. But that was original one. I remember that remote we did where he was like, dropping stuff in his life and I kept trying to grab it. But it didn't work out. 551 votes on there. We're trying to get to 800 a day, which ought to be a piece of cake. If we had like a bunch of people listening out there, but we don't anymore because the show that's face it is on the slice legs. That's what little Tommy says, even though he's listed right now, as opposed to a martial limbo, did he write an article about how we just buried Russian at Springbook? Did he write about that? Oh, no. Two basic and wind and dying out there and a wise coast or write about anything local. See, this business is, you know, he could rip me, but you can rip me all you want. I don't care, but I'm going to like respond because you're just lazy Tom. You don't write anything about what's going on in a marketplace. Your articles are generic. Your columns are all generic. They could be in Buffalo. They could be in Springfield, Mass, Springfield, Illinois. They could be in Ischgrimming, if Solani Michigan. They could be anywhere in Portage, Michigan. Anyplace, any newspaper, any rag any fish wrapper, they mean nothing. The people would like to know something about what's happening locally. You know, like his Bob Hamilton finally going to get his ass candid magic. So that guy, I'll call this in again today and say, Oh, I only wish for mirror amount of God's ears to the Rift Shawseers. How come Rift Shaw's not the PD of that station? He knows his old E moldies. He's got that old E moldy cap. I say, Rift Shaw for PD. I say, Rift Shaw for PD of this station. He's like, it's play the fart song. But guess he was he knows he was a shock radio. I wish I had that drop in you. Or he says it's just shock. We don't have that doing. No. I'd have been looking through the cards lately. You know, the only Rifty stuff we got is it's a lie. I am not a Nazi. And I took a look at that that Rick and said, Oh, and you have to do that sound great. I think they found their history and got less. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. How come I'm like so far beyond the break? It's 1260 armed. I'm a ramblin guy today. How much fun? Is that what it is? Yeah. Now I'm just so inspired or the fact that Hank finally admitted that I'm the guy that has to do everybody else's dirty work. He released these honest about it. Okay. And like I said, I can understand with him because if he opens up a mouth, he's going to get suspended a sentence again. Bush, I got the mouth. He is everybody. I'm brown in brown. A countable for everybody. Browns at brown. Tats are you in big. I'm a big disappointment. But I got a brown nose. And I know where I think that was the world. You get them saved. They don't over-cubble again. And anyway, I did everything. I possibly can. There's no massive home. All the good lucks clan. All the one that job I had. As a vector of fever. When I much more than a weasel is steamer. And a glueless son of a fish. It's his dick. Brown nose and the bitch. It's his dick. Brown nose and the bitch. New Orleans is wiped out in gown. With double use and I did one of the heck of a job. And the manager pays off. To be a brownie and another white face. The Christian Fony, the national guard, is down there now. With orders just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is big, cheap, lean. There are hurricane gave us a baby seed. For the elephant, so we'll share it to the air. Like a giant red public, it's way too sweet. There's Jesus for our Lord and King. We've got to be those who are Lord and King. Battle for each compassion. What we in that, it turns the right to have this black said. You've to send the two say it's a national disgrace. They should never die in the first place. This is no time to play the main game. Since we know that every danger caused by a gay school are not the right gun at all. Like sky, he was clearly in the car. Oh, go where a teaming player, a power fist, right wing dream. You make everybody white like me. And there's an ignorant son of a bitch. Who gets his child's crown, those are the bitch. Oh, how are they spending my youth, baby? And horses, I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on an negligent herd over now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. I'll take the jiff herd over now. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. 573 votes. We get to 700 by one. I think we can slide into our 800, don't you? They'll be safe. We can slide right into it. That's what I'm thinking. We got 573 right now. We might just make the 800 and dry, Mike, not losing John. Morey and down, right, Sunday or time. You're not going to win these columns, right? Yeah, as a matter of fact, I've got two really good ones. Molly, Ivan's the graph goes on. And morey and down. Doesn't everybody love morey and down? Absolutely. Possibly. I should point out a lot of people are reading. I think they will because Josh went through a tremendous amount of work to get that article on there to date into. Yeah, my finger serves. The one that I talked about before, but I could make a comment about that, but I won't. That's I think might know the reason why. Now let's see, where's the, I'm looking. I'm looking on the wrong page. Am I stupid or what? Yes. Sure, to have the latest federal response memo shows. Look at that. It's almost our leading story right today. Good. And we've got that on our way. Because that should give you a good idea of the kind of incompetence. It's not just Brownie. I mean, there's no question he was totally on. I mean, I'm qualified will be an understatement. But Michael Turedoff has had ought to be rolling too. The head of the Department of Homeland Security. This is the guy that's supposed to be overseeing between the this queen and the duct tape, etc. and so on. And that's why they put that former fire flocking for Miami in charge of FEMA. Who are these people kidding, man? It's a big dog and pony show. And when push comes to show what it's time for a real response of good luck to it. It's all I can tell you. It's good luck. Run for the hills. Call up George. Maybe you can like read his place in North Carolina. She up there in a mountains where you'll be safe. The reason. Marine doubts as a fatal interriosity. I hate spending time in hospitals and nursing homes. I find them and be some of the most depressing places on earth. Maybe that's why the stories of the sick and elderly who died. 45 in New Orleans Hospital and 34 in St. Louis, nursing home in the devastated St. Bernard parish outside New Orleans, Huntley. So you're already vulnerable and alone. And suddenly you'll be set by nature and betrayed by your government. At St. Louis, 34 seniors fought to live with what little strength they had as the likes went out and the water rose over their legs over their shoulders over their mouths. As Gardner Harris wrote in the Times, the failed defenses included a table nailed against a window and a couch pushed against the door. Several electric wheelchairs were gathered near the front entrance, maybe by patients who dreamed of evacuating. Their ground bodies were found swollen and unrecognizable a week later as Mr. Harris reported. Draked over a wheelchair wrapped in a shower curtain lying on a floor in several inches of muck. At Memorial Medical Center, victims also suffered to hundreds of re-heat and died, some are waiting to be rescued in the four days after Katrina hit. As Louisiana's death tolls, despite the 423 yesterday, the state charged same week as owners with multiple counts of negligent homicide, accusing them of not responding to warnings about the hurricane. And if that state attorney general Charles Foley Jr said, I think that there are inactions that the authorities have been involved in the death of these people. President Foley continued to try to spin his own in action yesterday, but he made finally a breach to patch of reality beyond spin. Now he's the one drowning, unable to rescue himself by padding small blacks children on the head during photo ops and making scripted attempts to appear engaged. He can keep going back down there as he will again on Thursday when he gives a televised speech to the nation, but he can never compensate for his tragic inattention during days when so many lives could have been saved. He made the ultimate sacrifice and admitted as a administration had messed up, something he refused to do through all of the other screwups from Fayton WMD and the torture at the Abu Ghara, Rev. and Guantanamo to miscalculations on the Iraq occupation and the insurgency, which soon will have claimed 2000 young Americans. How many places will be in shambles by the time Bush crew leaves office? Given that the Bush team is dealt with both Gulf crises, Iraq and Katrina, with the same deadly mixture of arrogance and incompetence and a refusal to face reality, it's frightening to think how to handle the most demanding act of government domestic investments in the new deal. Even though we know a WLICT to be in his bubble with his feather pillow, the stories this week are breathtaking about the lengths of why House staff had to go to, in order to capture and cure his Georgia's attention. Newsweek reported that the reality of Katrina didn't sink in for the president until days after the Levy's broke, turning the warlings into a watery grave. It took a virtual intervention of his top-hates to make WLACs the news about the worst natural disaster in the century, Dan Bartlett made a DVD of newscast on a hurricane to show the president Friday morning as he flew down to the Gulf Coast. The age was scared to tell the isolated president that he should cut short his vacation by a couple of days, as we said, because he can be cold and snappish and private. Mike Allen wrote in time about one of the youngest aide who was so terrified about sign Mr. Bush, he was wrong about something during his first term, he had dry heaves afterward. The president had to be truly exiled out not to jump into the word hurricane, given that he's always used his father's term as a reverse playbook, and his father almost lost 4 to 92 because of his slow-footed response to Hurricane Andrew. And WT for staff Andy Card was the White House transportation secretary that the senior president of Bush sent to the rescue after FEMA bungled that one. WS said he prefers to get his information straight up from AIDS rather than filtered to newspapers or newscast, but he surrounds himself with weak sisters who don't have the nerve to break the bad news to him or ideologically the genders that require warping reality or chuckleheaded cronies like Bralmy. The president should stop haunting New Orleans looking for that bullhorn moment. It's too late. This is New Rogers. This is 5168. Our David's a bitch. Well I started losing my hair, I lost my confidence too. I tried smoking, but it didn't do a thing for me. When Rogan doesn't work, it's time Rogan, snowmogan is scientifically proven to grow you a full thick helmet of hats just like mulled from the free stitches. After using mogen for just three weeks, my hair grew in as thick as mose. More important I got my confidence back so now I'm more assertive. Tell you what game today. Hey, shut up you lame brain, I was talking. What did you say? I said can it, not go ahead. No, my eyes, why are you? You want a what? I don't do what you're doing. Oh, why is that? See that? Oh, my God. Let's go. I'll take that. I'll go get you. Especially for me. I need to take a look like Koolie. So let me ask you, how come we haven't put Howard David's a bitch? How come that's not on her yet? Well, it isn't. Okay, so what do we got? I think we have a shot Josh. 600 and some odd. If we get close to 700 by a top of the hour, we got like I said 600. They're coming in now by the ones. See unless you keep prodding and pushing and begging these people like cash their vote. Yeah, this is why you got George Bush's president because too many people I didn't want to be bothered to vote. And then of course a lot of those people who did want to go vote. They kind of changed the complex of things. Kind of two dark complex and they returned around and said home. Oh, you can vote, you dark folks. So we got, we get like to about six eighty by the top of the hour. I think we can do it. Here's a fact that says now that our president's a minute responsibility for all the mistakes made. Does this make him an errorist? And he's the ultimate errorist with the tea. Okay. Terrorist, guarantee is responsible for that. So if I held a lot more people than Osama Yamama or any other so-called terrorist or Alzar Kaui or Al shorts. Blood on the hands baby, you can wash with comet cleanser. You can scour with list of reen and Mr. Clean and you can't wash it off. Just drowning in a sea of blood. So here's the deal on the pull. I guess I better give the result. That's another problem. I don't want to play this. I don't want to play these. What's your favorite sound or drop in on the show? Part sounds I want to back 95. The continues leading the way. Raspberry for Joyce. About 30 man, 91. You're very 61. Doi doi doi. 54. I just can't say it like. Doi doi doi doi. Who can? I'm crying over here 52. I'm dying over here. I absolutely, absolutely perfect sir 48. Yeah, we need what. I'm crying over here. We need that. The way things are going. Mad dog, I'll write 32. It puts the lotion in the basket 17. They also suck 17. Yeah, suck this. You idiots. You quizzlings. You negative to a moron who destroyed that beautiful tropical paradise 17 like the cube. And the drop in two. The guilty squeak. 16. Oh, oi 12. Yelbe Schak. A dozen for the American effin way nine unbelievable nine. Dying. I see I could have made like two separate ones on that. Un. You know, right? Because we could have the original. Un. Teele Hable. Wait a minute. Un. Teele Hable. That is original. Where's the David Paul one? I don't like that one. Dice and has got nine. Right number seven. Yeah, that's it. David. David Paul mumbled. You bitch you slut you horror five. No, by Buffalo bills got five. Larry King with his. Oh, that's got four. I have no life for he died from fat so three. What's that guy's name again? The man's only because son of a lot. Rich Richie Karen the goofy laugh. Three. Drusey. No, three. Rock solid tree. Mad dogs. Yes. It's got a pair. Los Myth contee. I had 2. we it was two. Against the awful oldier side. Geez, Christ and my  Two. Bree on there twice. Right it is. Yeah, it's got thirteen up on top. It's got one down here below it's on there twice. below. It's not on it twice. I got two. Oh, oh, oh, you can have very few too many boys. How are they with the bitches went on there? And he'll go, they're none. They don't like that. Uh, what is that? Why are you to you, Tird? Mad dog. It's got a you, you, Tird Buffalo Bill and, uh, God, none and Gilbert's laugh is probably grabs the mic to the bowl and he hear that at a 607. I don't know. I'm, I'm really sure I have the mixed feelings about this. Speaking of numbers, by the way, here's some more important numbers. I love that on that grotesque story. The latest of bloodshed and violence and mayhem in civil war in Iraq. Nice job, Bush, myster. And let's see, uh, great. Hates you. That's a good one. That's what a joyous favor. It's because certainly it's about him. Breaking two. Now let's get that on who is that? That's just a call or a call or who knows what it's all about. Yeah. More than a dozen explosions ripped to the Iraqi capital in rapids succession today, killing at least 150 two people and wounded 542 in a series of attacks to begin with a suicide car bombing that targeted laborers assembled to find work for the day. Al Qaeda in Iraq claim responsibility. And of course, before our attacker on Iraq, there was no al Qaeda in Iraq. In spite of all the lies, the one day get told was believed to be the worst in the capital since major combat in it made 2003. And Al's is ever said, I'll kind of interact with the attacks to the recent killing of about 200 millifins from the city of Al Tafar by US and Iraqi forces a before dawn today 17 men were killed by an surgeon in the village of Tajina, the Baghdad, which pushed the death toll in Al violence in around the capital of 169. Today's deadly is bombing. Kowlar East 112 people wounded more than 200 in the heavily she-eyed neighborhood of Kazamiya where the day laborers had gathered shortly after dawn to look for work. And they won't have to worry about looking for work now because they're in balance. Everything is just fine. There's another one. Oh, we're fine. And Stuart are real idiot if there ever was one. He died. Oh, we're fine. But then on there. More than a year man, six, only four. There's Arlan Inspector. And saying that he agreed with Justice Rukhanna about the diversity that's a military found. I thought there were damn it went from sort of a boldest ones. Well, when you tell you what he reminds me of who might be a human Humphrey. That's before your time. But I remember there was either a time or a newsweek front cover, US News and World Report, the public dying of Hoover Humphrey for also had cancer. And he did the chemo. And of course, he was already bald to begin with. But like, you know, kind of a public dying of Arlan Inspector. But you got a hand at you and he already had like the brain tumor and he had a quadruple bypass and he had that magic bullet that went through his back. And out his ear. This is a real Roger. This is five 1611 found on the stretch. Good. Ah, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and here listing to the hockey authority Neil God. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, boom. I hope, Kermitty brought here. Ding, ding. I'm on the head. I'm on the head. Mr. Dean Kermit. Yeah. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. There's Candy Cowley on her. And she had that move. What's going on? Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Kermit. Wow. It was super. Oh, yeah, super chubby. Super flabby. No wonder he blew his brains up. Although there's somebody to bait about that. Yeah, they're good. That's interesting pool of all the people who died mysteriously. Yeah, that's a good pool. How do we work that? I don't know. Because the Maryland, you know, I'm talking about Maryland and Row and then the Bob Crain, you know, right from Hogan's heroes. And so many of these people who died under very mysterious circumstances. Speaking of the Marlins, by the way, Dave County says it doesn't have enough cash to help finance the Marlins. How do you like that? What that's stating they want. Here they are. They got a half a game lead or a game lead. Now isn't a game over the Phillies? Yes. In a wild card. Here they are getting poised for another run at the World Series and Dave County says, oh, we can't help you out. Which is probably the right answer, but nevertheless, with projected cost of a new Florida Marlins ballpark rising and no new sources of revenue, Dave County may be out of options to help finance the project or anyway, a memo released yesterday says the Sun Sentinel. I'm not optimistic regarding the future of the ballpark project that the Orange Bull County manager George Burgess, no relation to Smokey Burgess, Road to County Commissioners, or Tommy Burgess who used to play for the Rochester Red Wings. That kind of call from Rochester yesterday to begin with sure he was all right. My great, he was okay. He didn't have been better. He was sitting like in a rendez-coil. OK. As currently contemplated, they ballpark project requires substantial public funding and financing. And I think we've reached a limits of our ability to contribute in a responsible manner to this project he said. Oh, geez. Commission Chairman Joe Martinez agreed, saying while he wants to keep the Marlins in South Florida, the county has to balance its needs. They pledged tourist tax dollars to the project, but county officials said they'd got no more to give. The tell is empty. That's what I want to tell, Boca Brian. OK, no more to give, no moss, no moss. It looks. Ha ha ha ha. What would be something if you walked on found him hanging from a new slide in a hallway there every day? Now, he, he, he, he almost didn't for me to give. Everybody out, Brown is about to be. He's just just when you least think that, you know, when you give a little peo to him, which happens down there, because he can be a little annoying. He's a prostitut. He comes up with something phenomenal like that. That's, that's, uh, collector's item. That Brownie, Brownie Brownie. Yeah, isn't it? It's precious. What he's talking about? It's good. It is. Precious and few are bits like that. Oh, I know, Tom does like him because they're just still on material. We got four hours to go, you know. See, Tom, don't write about this show because you don't understand it. You don't understand radio. You're still living in a sandy paint narrow. OK? You live in back in the day in the old day, when you were kicking at ancient style. OK? That's what you're living in. Have a nice day. Yeah, that's what you're thinking is talk radio. A sandy paint putting people into like, coma. God, I mean, you don't care. I just like ripping a man's ass, because I know he gets upset. And his wife gets psychotic. I'll tell you one thing though, he must have a really hot looking wife because his son's a good looking kid. You're kidding. Or maybe just different father. I don't know. Anyway, getting back to the marlins, let's forget about Tom's. You keep bringing that up, and it's just the sour grapes that sound like to me. Well, because he leaves you by all the time. Oh, he has written about you. Has he? Yes, he has. What does he said? Remember that one time he said now that George is more less than equal partner on the show, he's your doing less than less than the words it was a way. Oh, that's right. I was going to phone it in for many more around the world whenever I felt like it. Oh, yeah, that was another gem time. How does silly S.P.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C.C? Anyway, instead of closing with an angel Gap at the Marlin State of Michigan, worse all the time Martinez said. Burgess said a previous funding off of the 45 been in for a 38,000 seat retractable roof stadium, which opened in 2008, could reach a hundred million because a stadium could be ready before 2009. The project was delayed this spring when the state legislature didn't approve a state sales tax rebate for a stadium. The state legislature, quite frankly, doing much of anything. The Marlin's Burgess wrote did not seem willing to continue to work to find a way to resolve the issues, and are reluctant to further expand money and resources on the project. Marlin's executive is declined to comment. City of Miami officials also said they can't contribute no more. They got it. They're broke. They got to keep buying new our teapots for Joe Carroyo. County Commissioner Bruno Barrello, Barrero, who the hell is that? They keep sneaking in more of your people while I'm asleep. Plants to last the commission's Intergovernmental Recreation and Cultural Affairs Committee, which is meeting today. In fact, met this morning to consider buying 50 mainly rental properties needed for the project. Burgess will give the committee an update Martinez said he stressed the county manager to report to the full commission on September 22. Burgess outlined options to move the project forward, but all have drawbacks are not favored by the Marlins. Among them building a stadium without a roof. Uh-huh. Arrassing County voters to prove a half or full penny sales tax for a year to raise 160 million to 320 million to a half to help fund a baseball stadium and renovate the Orange Bowl. Uh-huh. Taring down the Orange Bowl and building a baseball stadium in a small soccer stadium on a so-to-ro carless property, the Turquins would need to move to Dolphin Stadium and move the University of Miami has not endorsed. And why not? Why not? So in other words, it's the hurricanes that are there that you have problem here. You hear that? Right? I heard it. What possible objection could they have of moving to the door to the Dolphin Stadium of P.P. Park? Josh? Who can say? I mean, so it's not on a campus. Neither is the Orange Bowl is not on a campus. In fact, the original campus when you come right down to it. But that's just got to be one of the most stupid ass things of an anti-its idiotic. Look at how many more people they can line over with numbers of people. But it's just a different than the ambiance and like real toilets that work. Well, the people too. I mean, that definitely get a lot more people. Yeah, and then the comfort factor, we're just the whole ambiance. It's like in a real stadium instead of that crappy Orange Bowl, but it was nasty. Sitting your ass on cement, my God. What is wrong with you, Donna Shully Lee? This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Mr. Mary Catherine, he sounds like a people that use snappy albanners for their show segments like that one to two hours. Oh, right. This is the death of a sheep. A sweet and non-woven puppy. The death of a sheep. This is the death of a sheep. This regime is a unity. That a Catholic doctorate, all the doubt who makes you leave. She can't shake that tasty meat. She's crying inside of lying to my looking like a real food that she fools. Look at her nose, wing it high and low. We're more than father of you. This regime is an antifishing and to turn only thing. She'll not do what you think. When you leave her well and sick. I got a dad, I had a dump, and I thought that the water had a bunch of you returning me on. I know it's not a happy matter of no time. I think you win to the end of the war. This regime is a swimmer, a shaken bunch of flowed up on. That ain't back for 85. And then luck is really hot. This regime is a regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. This regime to dance and achieve. I sure am glad I played that because it makes me realize that. I got to redo that edit there. It's a little on a week side. No! Of course we got to edit everything because we sure can play no GDA and A, this and A, H, whatever else. All of these land at the free, don't forget. Oh yeah, used to be. Since 84, so like I said, we needed about 680 votes at the top of the hour to get to 800 day. And Josh, I think if you push it, if you just kind of like push it a little bit, we can get to 800. All right. Are you pushing it? And let me say it again. I'm going to push that movie, Team America World Police, the Georgetown, maybe because that's any. And the only people I can see that would think it was not funny. Our right wing idiots who wouldn't be watching anyway. Well, although I shouldn't like it because it affected her rips all of those. There's Hollywood people in Michael Mornaz. It really was Sean Penn who takes himself much through surgery. There were right wingers and left wingers that didn't think it was funny. Left wingers who thought it wasn't like Sean Penn and a few other people. Oh no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about people who, no, they see that's because they're ripping him. They have no sense of humor though. I understand that. I'm not talking about people that are like satirized in the movie. I'm just talking about the audience viewers. And you tell me that there are, we hate like the light theater. There were people that got up and walked out. Get out of here. That's what they did. And then in the theater, they had like the sanitized version too, right? Exactly. Get out of here. So you haven't even seen this one. Not at all. No, but I will. Well, I'll tell you if your kids are into a building with Lincoln logs or yeah, they're depped. Okay, it's just your merry Catherine Jesus. I just put that before the top of the hour. Let's get that on a pull right away. We can get to our 800 votes if you're hurry, if you're rushed. As Mr. We go, you should say, if you move quickly. Five, six, seven. Let's get a couple of hundred calls on here too. The pacified they call liquor's out there. Got a lot of people like looking at five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the new Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WDQAM. Hello. Fuckin' home on New Robbins. WDQAM. Hello. Oh, oh, oh. And now that's a good one. You played that a lot. To home home home? Yeah, that's one. Probably want to put that on there. How about speaking a Hank? Now I don't know if it's going to get any votes. But one of my all time. Oh, there's another one. For the fact ship station. Yeah. Right. Right. Facts of station, Hank, and there was his word. Not as pedophile. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I keep thinking of I keep thinking of, I keep thinking of Bert Ward. Every time he says that. Of course I keep thinking of Bert Ward all the time. At least what it looks like back then. You don't want to think about what it looks like right now. But then it gets happens. It happens to the best of us. They look like Bert Ward. Bert, yeah, he looks like hospital Ward. Come any QAM, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I don't know if you're going to chance to see President and they bush at the United Nations this morning. I saw about five seven. When he comes on my eyes go in the other direction. I naturally went straight to my office. But did you see the way they introduced him? No. Okay. I guess it's a protocol that one of the representatives of the United Nations introduces him and he brought him on his system as his excellency. Really? The president and the children. Wow. I didn't know whether it is. You know. I'm afraid of an an- Yeah. Thanks for the bad news. It's just excellent to see their fewer. I understand. We know he's coming from. See at least the other fewer release. He had like some presence. You know what I'm saying? He liked that dominating or like you expected him like to get the whip out. You know, that instant I'm kind of thinking of supposedly the one who was the most of the time. Yeah. He had a bad mustache. Let's face it. Charlie Chaplin. Oh my god. You've been Charlie Chaplin at about better mustache than eight all. All right. You know how to tenderize that meat. 560, 50, 50, 50, 60 on Verizon and singular. Why are you going to slide? I had a great line for that, but you know, we don't need the only other goal or case. WCQA in. Hello. Hey. I just want to play one meal. No. I want to. Arnold Royal Castle yesterday. It's growing down. Because they had a big fire. Yeah. No. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. I'm glad that got cold because I meant to ask you to follow up on it. The place was timing. And you never like give me no one to have no information. Well, there's no info right there. That's what I'm saying. We found out after the fact that it really did burn down. I found that out, but as far as. Well, when you say burn down, there's a difference. We don't have enough fire there. And burning down sounds like, you know, finito. And I heard it. Doesn't have. No. I don't know how bad it is or when they'll be reopened or running. I got that. Well, no. Give a call. Hey Wayne. Keep us posted. Okay. That or fact, maybe they were making a whole bunch of those neatly burgers there. Like really really plain grilled. WQA and hello. Hey, Neah. I got one for you. Okay. Do the usual used to call you all the time. Talking about there's no facts in the church. Oh, yeah. That's a good one. And the other guy. There's no facts in the church. Right. That one. He's got a wife, you know. Okay. There's two good ones. Of course, everybody's got a wife. Except for, set me up. Yes, no. There's all the people over there. Beards. Everybody Tom Cruise keeps getting different wives life for the week. I don't think I had that. Three. Three. What is that under? He has. He has it. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, there is so much in here. It's just his own. I got it. I got it. I got it. Just relax. Okay. So hyper. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Are we going to make the 800 or 1? Oh, there's that poop ball that foreign guy from the, he's not as boring as Max Mithu. Another high tide. And wrath of for it. Here's the wrath of for it. He's an only about 7 miles per hour. So it's going to take about 24 hours before it clears. Calling you. I think when he's trying to say, nothing could be fine. Then the blowway Carolina. Take your pick which one. Well, you're always, you know, defending North Carolina. Right. I think I'm 704. We need 96 and 54 minutes. That should be easy as like going to sleep with Dave and boring doing a Marlin game. Should be easiest that. He really is boring. I don't care what you say, Josh. He's calling it inducing. I mean, you see, is he really that boring? And personally, you talk to him. Is he like very low key guy? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. That's neat. Do I know how to shut him up or what? The only time he, the, the, the, and of course, if Doug comes in here. You're fair. He runs like a son of a bitch. Do you want to do a, and how I'm rightfully so. Q, A, M. I, my brother. Hey, you guys want to want to go job, which I don't need to have a drink. Yeah, I'm pretty entertainment. I love you. All right. How do you like that? No extra charge. Here's a happy guy. No complaints. He's not one of those negative to many people. They all saw quinole. It's my time. We heard from somebody with a smile on his post anyway. Come any Q, A, M, hello. Q, A, M. Come any Q, A, M, hello. Me all. Thanks, sir. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. Yes. We couldn't take it. You know, I'm going to kill myself. Besides the boy. Yes. We're going to kill myself. We need to get the real load. We need to go. We put that on there. I thought we were going to see what we did. Yeah, we put our on. Thank. Thanks so much. Get on here. Uh, is there got any votes? See, I'm not, I'm not giving the results on this poll. A lot because, oh, yeah, it's got five votes on there. And that's your land. But what is supposed to be? They all got. Of course, the Curtis won. Actually, that was under, I think more amusing circumstances because. Oh, no. You raise them almost spontaneous. Right. But this was Curtis who worked in Tampa, WSN. And when we did the week we showed him over there and come to find out that there was a, there was a secretary called resuzzi short skirts who was old enough to be his mother almost. And he was tasting him around. He was a nice kid. By the way, although I do wonder about that drag show he used to put on at that bar that I went to watch. Yeah. That karaoke thing he did. Oh, you don't got to wonder. Just so you know that. What do you mean by that? Curtis drop on and just take it a shot. Oh, he was a good guy to get him to make that kind of key was. But anyway, so she hits them finally. She, uh, she, uh, fly a suit him. Yes, you did. Go ahead to make it. It took him like 10 tries. He kept going nearly. There we go. That's what he was kind of a little key guy was. That's right. Can't imagine. Such a shock when a bunch of us on our top bell beat a win with us or not. Well, it was with the days weren't they? Not good ones, but they were sure as stranded. I was a geek. Yeah, it's time to tell me that. He was the PD over the S.U.N. Which was our coxist association over the. I tried to resurrect by a simultaneous our shows and we've played them 80 times a day. He was the operations of that. Whatever he was. Uh, and uh, and then he got married to which really shocked the hot. I mean, because that's how for sure. You're fair. But uh, so anyway, we went to the bar to watch Curtis do his routine. And he was like a karaoke thing. But he dressed up. And I mean, he didn't dress up. Yeah. Which was, uh, you see, it's interesting. People who are very low key in in person. And it's just like me and this show is the same thing. It's a radio show. Off the year, I'm basically a pretty quiet guy. I mean, I can get agitated at times. But generally speaking, I'm pretty low key. And the same with him. He was not only low key. He was like a one step above Cometos. He was like to do in his Terry Shival. He needed was his own Jew. And, uh, but he was doing this thing. You know, he wanted it was that show visiting. Ha ha ha ha ha. He was all right. It'll Curtis. That was quite a place. And then, of course, you're good buddy, Blah Blahseter turned on us like a big fat cornered rat. What was that all about? What about Pisa Curhe, turn it off to be, huh? I thought you got him that job in the first place. I did. Then he starts to say, I got him in the job. He had gotten out of the business. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was up at a cornfields in Iowa somewhere. And they were trying to put a, don't you remember when they put the format together that were simultaneously me and Rick and Suds. And they put it around. And they needed the local morning show. And so I recommended Rob Lasseter because he had been successful on FLA in that market. And I figured, well, they have put him on there. You know, so I took him on the moon and he was all unemployed and on the beat. Right. And so I twisted his arm, which will leave me his hand hawk. And he brought him out of retirement. And they heard me do mornings over there. And then we did that week over there while we were redoing our Miami studios. We had a broadcast from Tampa for a week. And he just, he just turned on us and ripped us an ass. Kind of reminded me of the story. Somebody else, I know like, ripping an entire staff. I think the rep one person, you know, but when you're like taking on everybody else. Those are the toys. Just really pathetic is what he was. And then of course, he finally, and then he went back over to FLA and had lasted for about two minutes. And now he's got the business again. He had a big lawsuit going on about something about his lack of talent or work. You talk about somebody being pressing. He was not that until looking at him to listen to the voice. I mean, this is whole presentation. So suicide inducing. Some people like David and boring art, coma inducing. This man was suicide inducing. You listen to him for like 10 minutes and want to blow your brains out. He gets to soda press. He was almost as depressing as Maddie Bell. Oh, God. No one around. Such a good mood. I don't have to see any of those people. No mole. I will never see any of them again. Oh, yeah. Here's a good one. I like this. Even though it's long. Okay. I don't know how you're going to put the manage. Yeah. Okay. If you want me. Oh, here it is. It's. Plus American and face decent a g-string up here. I'll do it. So you can kind of abbreviate that. No, I'm like a moving. They're. Huh? Ha ha. Also says this. Faxer. It's efferman. Btingruje. Oh, efferman. Hope you're okay. And that rouge baby. He's alright. In Baton Rouge. He says I found a very interesting article parallel like the hurricane of 20. It was Hurricane Katrina. As it relates to black and poor folks worried evacuated before this term. And they're treatment thereafter. The article is totally Florida flood that account. between a by Elliott Kleinberg. That's our time for a son. How you don't Howard their website address why got the website? So thanks, uh, ephromal checked that out. I wonder if he's kind of ephemous in the list junior or maybe throw a march junior or just grab my junior I don't like that junior thing or for that many times before. That's not a knocking because people are named junior because you don't choose your own name You know, because I certainly never would have chosen Nelson or they have to use the junior or you've got a they tag on the Well, it's end of property if daddy is still alive that use the junior. I would take it a second. What about Ray Fisher junior? What about? Andy Fisher. Hey Sandy. Oh, oh Trump. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha You know, a lot of people have this stereotype about Canadian women and the problem is that the stereotypical But only for like kind of like I would say like 45 plus See, they think that all Canadian women are like real school marmish and dress real dikey at all And they have that kind of look and then it's true for like a lot of women 45 or 50 plus real dikey and of course the reason for that is because They're dikes. I was gonna say that was not Mike's right But nevertheless the oh the people here there are so many beautiful people in this city. It's just a really a scary, you know of every variety It's just frightening one 13 at five 60 w q a and we got the mole mice to it to Ellie at four I'd like to be a fly on a walk for that the cross over there between around four o'clock See those two kind of like rub their highlights together The hunting tool yeah, he does testifying on her oath and I told the truth and today I'm telling the truth again And potentially or or normally the y'all real say women get worse with every And my silly's afraid he's gonna lose his job So this got to call G on the yard Oh The fence too That making room sweet of the fences That test of money just a bunch of mine You throw that pulling free run shots with routine lines Like my man Oh So shut and big mouth There's nothing for me to gain in everything below And while I go through I was gonna get the proof out It's been a week, I've heard it all on time We already know that, but it's still a good bit I think we got a shot at 800 And if now we'll just keep going until we get there All right Suspect arrested in San Mirai, Sword robbery of Jacksonville, Lunch crowd Well, you said they were arrested the man who used to San Mirai, Sword, to rob a lunchtime crowd of 32 bucks Matthew Scott Ball, 31 is being held at Anthony Duval County, jail on 102,536 dollars bail On armed robbery in possession of drug paraphernaly charges See all your fellow drug addicts out there, George They're just out of control Yeah, I'm sure he was a pothead All was arrested late Monday, hours after the robbery At mudfield grill, or the mudfield grill Abit and stuff on the hill In Jacksonville Right now Suspect said the robber with the Sword across two tables Clearing the table tops of condiments Before slamming his hand on the counter And probably a Swipe the Way all the sweet and low too Several patrons empty their pockets To demand grand vacation, put in a green minivan It was later found a band of the Sword inside Police said when this is identified ball from a photo line Up his next court of parents was scheduled for September 30th But third man And there's no immediate information about his legal efforts And take what kind of drugs he's doing George wants to know where he gets him Right now the graph goes on Says Molly Ivans Now what about to get the honey junior? What about it? It's not on her yet is it? I heard Well let's go, let's go, how could that not be on there? Even I'm thinking, grab my junior honey How come that's not on there too, wouldn't you think? You think? Grab my junior honey I mean it's sensational Okay, you don't like it, I like it Seven what do we got? I want to keep an eye on this Because Josh has the tendency not to like push it Seven 32, pushing it hard enough You're not getting with it man, you got 39 minutes and 68 votes This is not like falling off a log, you know? We're going to get it no problem We were taking it for granted a little while ago And once you take it for granted these people like that They've flopped back in her seat And they look over to that comemode Like they're listening to Dave from a band born doing a Marlon game If somebody has to hook some oxies you know anyway You stick into their post to revive them a little bit Especially after most of the swirl that's on radio in this town Boy there's some bad crap Anyway Molly Ivens writes the graph goes on She says here's a good idea Consumer groups and progressive congress folks have joined in an effort To stop hundreds of thousands of victims of hurricane Katrina For being further harmed by the new bankruptcy act Scheduled to take effect October 17 This law was notoriously written by and for the consumer credit industry And is particularly onerous for the poor The bill was passed with massive support from the Republican leadership And congress were made disgusting number of sellout democrats While it was being considered in committee earlier this year Texas representative Sheila Jackson lead offered an amendment to protect the Cons of natural disasters it was defeated without debate on a party line vote Now congress has a chance to rethink some of its most punitive parts of the bill Katrina victims who were planning to file before the new law goes into effect our SOL Where they're going to find a lawyer let alone an open courthouse Under the new law anyone who's income is over the state median must file under chapter 13 A more restrictive category that requires some repayment of debt The new law grants no exemption for natural disaster Even though it's going to be a little tougher some citizen sitting in the astrid home Who no longer has a home to come up with tax statements, page dub and six months of income and expense data Let's see if congress demands to open its marble heart on this issue Meanwhile it's an ill-win that blows no one good So we shouldn't be surprised to learn the first winner out of the get on Katrina Is not other than the Halleberton company who's deserving some city or he Kellogg Brown and Ruth is already been granted a 29.8 million dollar contract for free in a working awake of Katrina Of course no one would suggest Halleberton and subsidiaries give government contracts more than nine billion for re-constructing working Iraq With Pentagon audits thus far showing over a billion in question costs and four hundred and twenty two million dollars on supported cost Just because the teniest still on the payroll heavens know the deep continues to receive the third pay from the company Formerly headed almost 200 grand last year But channe has nothing to do with the Halleberton contracts that friends goes to not only the noted lobbyist and former head of all things FEMA since Joe Alba who was Bush's campaign manager in 2000. Let's see Monday, December 2002 He's been busy making sure reconstruction contracts in Iraq go to companies that gave generously to the Republican party No, aren't you ashamed of yourself for thinking there's something wrong with that besides Alba's now with a big time margin lobbying firm Where he also represent shall group bank and voila shall group already has a hundred million dollar emergency contract from FEMA for housing management construction And a hundred million dollar for order from the US Army Corps of Engineers for Katrina repair Congress has appropriated over sixty billion dollars in emergency funding for recovery cost and estimates are the final cost will top a hundred billion Daniel Bryan directed the project on government oversight told roiders the government has got to stop stacking senior positions But people are repeatedly cashing in on the public trust in order to afford their private commercial interests now is Brian Gidegrip not all the money goes to the big politically connected firms Michael you're doing a heck of a job brown like to spread federal money around and fact representative Robert wrestler Florida was so annoyed by Brownie's distribution of largest and Miami after hurricane Francis And he was the president to fire old brownie last January what upset wrestler about the thirty million dollars in FEMA chest to cover new ward robs cars Law and more as vacuum cleaners furniture and appliances was that their hurricane didn't even affect Miami landed a hundred miles away Some of you have made may have heard me observe a time or two going back to win George's W is still governor or Texas That's trouble with the guys that while he's good at politics he stinks at governance It bores him he's not interested anything government is bad to begin with and everything would be done better if it were contracted out to corporations We can now safely assert the W stacked much of the federal government with people like himself and what you get when you put people in charge of government And don't believe in government and why an interested in running it well is what happened after hurricane Katrina many a time in the past years I've bitten my tongue so I wouldn't annoy people with the always obnoxious observation. I told you so but damn it all the hell I did tell you and I've been telling you since 1994 and I'm so sick of this man and everything you represent all the sleazy smug self-righteous graph and corruption and Christian moralizing and cynicism and tax control is smug-rich buddies Next time I tell you somebody from Texas shouldn't be president of the United States. Please pay attention This is real Roger this is five 16 18 Oh Canada a land that's produced rock and roll is great as per borders and now these legendary connoisse patriots One another on this new CD the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic Modern day warrior me means turn today times fire me me and rushes take on this and Murray standard The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z to eight like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number Or then look at my dad you're I love that my old girl right now Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit I know that my heart of no real call but it's not all there should I a train singing by that A crash just dummies doing the lattice more set snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon White put performing this bear naked ladies smash him You're copy of the best Canadian single other Canadians the great white north has never been so great for that matter so white Yeah, you know Ann Murray I was taking to myself while listening to that is there anybody who we did likes and we're gonna talk to myself Well, I guess well compared to Celine Dion I love Ann Murray man Murray. Hey, she's got 85 kids. You know that's a she's got a wife. You know 750 to most we got 48 to go to 800 we got about 20 minutes to do it. I think we can do that confidence is writing fairly high Here's a fast it may have a pretty good point. It says I think the reason why the hurricanes wouldn't want to move to dolphin stadium is That they'd have to cut a deal with high Zingai his idea of a fair deal would be like to what he made with a mall and that's a very good choice Who wants to deal with the Wayne you know with the Wayne myster excellent point Well, he just well, you know like I said people don't change or they are what they are and if you expect any change You're gonna be bitterly this appointed Katrina pushes gas price to all-time high damage to Gulf Coast refineries and pipelines Back between a push retail gas prices to it and thank you again mr. President for these bargain basement gas prices Man, it's fantastic almost makes me want to rush right out and get a car here It's only like a buck 29 a leader. That's only like five bucks a gallon push retail gas prices to restore a highs in the past a weeks with Sub-serve regular averaging more than three dollars a gallon for the first time ever the weighted average price for all three great Surged more than 38 cents to nearly three oh four a gallon between August 26 and September 9 said she'll be lumber who publishes the semi-wantley lumber of Survey of 7000 gas stations around the country Sub-serve regular average three or one a gallon nationwide Mid-grade was pegged about three eleven while premium grade was in nearly three twenty one So in others if you have an 18 gallon tank it's like 55 bucks to fill up and say oh tanks a lot The spectacrid despite the clines in the cost of crude oil and recent weeks in other words Wait until you see those new record profits that you all companies are making your experience and What did I tell you about the eventual of the trickle down? See they're always starting these right wingers about trickle down and it does The economy is going to have on a hand basket Northwest Airlines and Delta Airlines are both preparing to seek bankruptcy protection Maybe as soon as today people close to both companies say North West and you see pretty soon You won't have to worry about which airline you're gonna fly one in a line what they're all gonna be out of business Northwest and Delta are each finishing the details of the bankruptcy cases Including the financing method required to operate under bankruptcy protection these people said by the way Northwest came up hundred million short. I just read that can cause delays But the fundamental work in preparing each bankruptcy case is complete a spokesman for Northwest and Asian's fifth biggest airlines said that the company is made Notice is non-chapter love and filing it just hold your breath a couple hours likewise It's folks woman for Delta the third biggest carrier said no, this is been made hold your breath both Airlines would file for chapter 11 protection under a US of bankruptcy court in New York There cases will be assigned a different judges if filings are made today the first hearings would be tomorrow If Northwest and Delta both file that would mean four of the industry seven-migast airlines were operating under bankruptcy protection They're flexing the deep competitive issues that a better airline since the year 2000 United which is the second biggest airline behind American has been operating under chapter 11 since December 2002 last week at submitted a reorganization plan set and hope to emerge from corporate text early next year Meanwhile US scare with soft bankruptcy protection last year for the second time in two years Expected merge from a court protectionist fall by the plants emerged with America West Those airlines will operate normally the US airways name US scare that would leave American. Oh God, I wouldn't fly that if they paid me by the mile We were fly American. Yeah, long time ago. Oh, I think there might a lot of be chaos is us That would leave American the industry's biggest carrier continental the fourth largest and southwest the sixth largest as the major airlines operating outside bankruptcy Protection while the bankruptcy filing by Delta had been expected to come this week They're filing by Northwest have been taught to be several weeks away, but Northwest and all the larger domestic airlines have been hit hard by the spec and jet fuel prices and the aftermath of Katrina Which interrupt introduction every final reason they got cost but even before the storm You hear those words. I just said be forward before the storm airlines were already paying about 50% more For jet fuel this year in in 2004 50% more what a horror pathetic and I never really thought about this and I bet you didn't either all the other aspects. You know the human Told and all the other stuff the disease in the yaw while the sense to do with the disease right as rising thought water Swap New Orleans the busy and his teeth epidemiologist and listed state police on a mission to break in a high security government lab And destroy any dangerous germs we put a case capable from the wrong hands armed with both cutters and bleach Dr. Raul retard steaming and that's what you have to have when you go into the QMT room there Both cutters in bleach especially a lot of the bleach armed with both cutters and blades doctor retards Team editor the so called state hot lab and killed all the living samples This is what had to be done said retard retard who matter Effectely put a sudden end of his lab's work on dangerous germs which he wouldn't name at least retard steam was able to retrieve Life top computers containing vital signs of a data many other scientists and we didn't want so lucky losing years of research Either through the storm damage or rather to a destruction not since the torrential floods from Complicos dorm Allison which badly damaged the Texas medical center in 2001 as scientific research been disrupted on such a large scale doctors and researchers in a crescent city became exiles overnight and definitely Locked out of their labs unable to see patients thousands of lab animals many genetically engineered with human diseases Like cancer and painstaking they bred and cared for perished along with vital tissue samples thought in abandoned labs Important work on heart disease cancer aids in a host of other ailments may be lost forever to scientists at two laying in LSA Louisiana State University's medical schools in New Orleans LSU lost all of its 8,000 lab animals Including mice rats dogs and monkeys monkeys Many drown others dad without food and water in the rest were you tonight said Dr. Larry a highly dean of the LSU Health Sciences Center School of Medicine about 300 federally funded projects in New Orleans colleges Universities more than 150 men in bus were affected in some way One of the biggest blows is the likely destruction of frozen urine and blood samples from thousands of patients And rolled in the boga loser heart study the world's longest running racial study of risk factors for heart disease samples collected in frozen since 1973 thought out when the hurricane knocked out electricity and back to backup generated failed to be too In the world I'd like that Don't I don't hope much new people are gonna have to like pee all over the place So afterwards go get that movie team America world police because they're doing it all in there Yeah Just like just like that woman says and at toe yard turds, but I'm gonna do it all And they sure did Okay, how we do it? Let's not yuck it up here. Okay. Let's not take our eye off the prize. Okay, Josh. Are you leaning on it? I'm leaning Yeah, let me take a look. I can't get this thing going here. Oh, there it is 769. Oh, he just made it up 769 that means we need 31 more hoats in 21 minutes Which isn't like a whole lot, but don't ever sit back in a assume you know what I'm saying Don't ever assume that these people are gonna come through you have to keep whipping them and hitting them and beating them and pushing it and pushing it Just like in that movie team America keep pushing it California's good cause about Nebraska Walmart. I love this Several residents of Lincoln, California, we see phone calls last week asking for their support for a Walmart and North East Lincoln Only problem is the call concerted postball mark that was nowhere near California. It's in Lincoln Nebraska Residents were asked to support the Walmart by contacting the Lincoln Lancaster County Planning Department many California's did to complain about the disturbing calls A telemarketing company where they call machines that were used recently to promote Walmart in Nebraska while March folks Men Ryan Horan said the Walmart message wasn't erased from one of the machines the money being heard by the Californians in place of the telemarketing As you like that they can't get their Lincoln straight up speaking of Lincoln logs This is Neil Rodgers This is A lacrack you can unwrap all the slime all the time each room Obdember the active at played Gilligan dead at 70 did we really know him when we come back He reveals newly discovered videos of the crews all night sex parties Take it easy now little buddy just take it easy although they never got off the island they still got off Two You're I do it again You too I would still I Got one of we don't have an apology. They've had Samsung go and We did it like that. Oh, okay because it admitted we can actually play that I'm gonna have our 800 any second now. I had 792 less time I took a puke at it 793 See they're pouring in by the ones now They want to do it very carefully taking a sub right toward the top and they are right to the edge You know what I mean? What do you mean? I don't know 793. I think we got a shot. We can do it We're gonna put that on there David Samson. We did it So we're not as a case maybe it's kind of cute only he could do that and of course the Marlins in the Astros tonight 805 The game number three of that serious and so far tomorrow. It's our kick and some big ass Well, Houston just can't score no run. That's all I was to it. In fact, they shouldn't be the wasted done trouble in the first game Yeah, I think you can go out there and pitch Josh and Houston just to these just can't get to jab them no, no, no You're sliding a cross dressing court clerk was found dead yesterday Says the New York TV news holding a sex toy and bound with women's panty hose inside his Queens apartment police said Nicholas, Daya, Losa 46 out of an apparent drug overdose inside the basement apartment on 123rd street in college point the Losa a senior criminal court clerk was wearing a bra and panties And heroin was nearest body when his girlfriend found him about 10 o'clock in the morning Sometimes good people get involved in bad things that his brother John D. Losa several neighbors acknowledged here Nicholas Daylosa screaming between one and three in a morning, but nobody called police Maybe he looked like Michael Kane from the or was that movie with the Angie Dickinson dressed to kill dressed to kill fine as a good movie We thought to call the cops but then everything got so quiet said Peter Guvadso So it was on the second floor neighbor said they heard Daya Losa screaming on other days including a recent mid-morning rant which he yelled I hate my life. He was yelling I have no line or something like that Daya Losa former Marine and father a three would work for the court for 22 years when it was in a midst of his second divorce his landlord said this is very surprising said neighbor Maria Guvadso's 34 He looked like a very macho man. Oh, yeah The guys that look like a very macho man like Arnold those are the guys who turn out to be the girly man Is there any question about it? No seven ninety three. I'm gonna refresh it. I have a feeling that we might 799 We're right on a What do you got that's we fresh it is it refreshing and it is mild, okay? Let's feeling less to fill in eight o'clock. We did it. Thank you. Okay. That's it. I wouldn't forget about that Jackson deal rights and a Washington Post in human yes, you know, it's about your close personal friend Joseyman is Alberto Gonzalez during a meeting at the post late last month. I asked attorney general Alberto Gonzalez a pretty simple question Is the policy of the Bush administration not to severe the foreign prisoners? It's holding to cool in human and degrading treatment the phrase I quoted refers to abuse falling just short of torture It's banned by an international treaty negotiated by the Reagan administration and ratified a decade ago by the Senate Gonzalez started to reply then hesitated then he said he wasn't sure we need have to get back to me with an answer Last week I called his office to see if the answer was ready it wasn't Instead of spokesman told me that to staff response was to refer me to the testimony delivered and gotten to tell us his name to the Senator this year a committee after his confirmation ring earlier this year it was that maddened maddening the unclear language That prompted me to ask him the question in the first place a couple of things about this exchange struck me as remarkable First how could the attorney general of the US not be able to state US policy? I'm cool and human and degrading treatment of prisoners especially since his department has repeatedly reviewed the matter in the past several years Gonzalez mine you didn't appear to be a fading question. He just simply didn't know the answer the other issue Close from the fur I wonder who's your mate he was the other issue close from the first why is it that the Bush administration and the enormous cost US prestige around the world and system being ambiguous about this straightforward question if Gonzalez has a defense and maybe that the lawyers in his department of address the issue have done so in a way that could easily confuse somebody like their boss Not to mention the captains and sergeants and civilian contractors actually charged with interrogating prisoners and places such as Iraq Afghanistan and Gitmo here's the answer that was submitted on Gonzalez behalf though apparently without his comprehension lies January despite the treaty the administration Contends that there is no legal prohibition on the use of cruel and human and degrading treatment by US personnel as long as it's inflicted on aliens overseas That means the CIA for example could legally abuse the afatissus pikes and soling and secret foreign detention facilities provided It stops you out right torture But Gonzalez goes to writers added the administration wants to be in compliance with a treaty standard That suggests that CID is the lawyers called is prohibited in practice or does it the Senate is legally defined cruel and human and degrading Is any treatment that would violate the fifth eighth or 14th amendments to the US Constitution Gonzalez said all our food interrogation techniques have been checked against that standard But the attorney general was also asked about various specific practices that American interrogators are known to have you Including simulated drowning mock execution sleep deprivation forced new to the end of the use of dogs to inspire fear He answered some might be permissible in certain circumstances that must mean one of two things Either the Bush administration considers mock execution and simulated drowning allowable under the Constitution and That's available for use by the FBI and Americans or it does not in fact have a policy up for having CID for all prisoners Gonzalez isn't the only one who doesn't get it the administration's earthly model position is triggered an extraordinary Stayed off between the White House and a group of Senate Republicans led by torture victims John McCain McCain now has HEOP coast bosses for an amendment to this year's defense authorization bill that would prohibit the use of cruel and human and degrading treatment For all persons in the detention of the US government the staff is confident that he's got the votes to pass the measure when the bill comes up on the floor Probably later this month the administration protest that McCain's proposed rule is already being followed a CID briefer recently sure congressional staffers that CID was out of bounds for al-Qaeda detainees So why did for Dick Cheny be mainly the object of the proposed amendment in a meeting with McCain and arm services committee chairman John War of this summer And why did the administration pull the defense authorization bill from the Senate floor and laid July rather than allow the amendments Come to a vote maybe there's a good reason, but whatever you do don't ask Alberto Gonzalez He's five 16 Brown and Brown account of all poor everybody Brown that drown that you in being I'm a big disappointment, but I got a ground-own was and I know that I didn't that was no one to get them saved They don't overclock in the amy way I did everything I possibly can Because John Massipone all the clooks that's planned Oh, what a job I have and the recta of people when I forge more than a weasel is deeper and the gloom is son of a bitch It's his gift Brown knows a movie It's his gift Brown knows a movie New Orleans is wiped out in gold with the will you said I did one heck of a job and it's your pays off They're crowning and another white may see Christian phony the national god is down there now With all of just their gift of rest out of town everybody go home There's nothing to see everything is paid paid over hurricane gave us not a easy For the yoke on social and to the arree like a giant republic its way to use Jesus for sour lord and king How will we compassion what we in that it turns the right to have less blacks and you Decent as you say it's a national disgrace that you'd never lie in the first place This is no time to play the main game since we know that every thing is called by games I keep going down if he by nose round how the negligent murder now But I keep going down to keep my nose brown. It's comforting. No, that not only was he clueless But Michael shirt off was your head of homeign security He hasn't come within a hundred yards of a clue yet. He's not just ugly, but he's gropey too He is folks setting and a real early bastard too Yeah, I like the ground rolls now. You're just gonna have to do it the way I told you just can now Yeah, yeah, yeah How are you you check as you bearded goof all you in the said you You fair right what's your favorite side of droppin? I need to show we will finally got past the a fart sounds they want back that I'm sure they're not gonna get Number one about 13 men 17 for that Farts sounds 11 16. They want a back badly, but don't hold your breath you very you fair 83 Do do do do do I 66 63 54 see this is not easy to do four things at one time 41 it puts a lot of the last two bucks. I'll build 28 two two 23 a lot of people out there who love this two 21 and that's the first time it's on there Kelly's sweet 19 the American effort way 17. They all suck 17 I guess Tom jica must have voted more than once today