tonight and a felc's an open open will be at New England should be a high scoring game I wouldn't give a lot of points I just don't like the game really? I like it you want to give 7 and a half? I'm not betting on football man what kind of a degenerative do you think I am? I'm not in your league when it comes to this gambling crap I think I did win the game I would bust it to wood by me I was going to say you have potential Yeah, so you could work me into one of your gambling plunkies I could meet you at GA once a month I mean, there are other people who seek a cure I see I agree with you, I enjoy it I had a good day yesterday Just a few hundred though, nothing major You had a good day while you were doing that Yes Your best friend here was reprogramming the station Did you hear? I have an interesting thing Funny you should be the one to bring him up and said to me I don't want to mention any names no mole But I'm kissing him off today because I made the band the stick again for the second time and a week Ordinarily when it gets to be to a clock and Jackson George converts for this It would play our little thing there at the end of the show We'd drop in some cute little thing and then I add one of my own and then you know I close up the board and I go to lunch But twice this week I must have been my second powers I knew that somebody was going to be like a hyperventilating going off the deep end because he seems to be coming unglue these days And show enough He started in about he liked a punch shirt me in the nose He wants to you if I ever come back in the studio I'm gonna punch him in the nose. I'm gonna punch management the nose and at that point I just shook my head and walked out here Went to lunch. Then I fired out for my spy reports that he was trash and you and George just just about everybody in the building So I decided you know my life just like yours right now is I would say that it's apex everything is great You know life is sweet. Yeah, it is and so so why should I let some cranky old kooots some nasty old walking puddle of pus? Yeah, I just pain out tensioning him no more. I don't care what he says He can shadow box with himself. I think what he wanted to do is like touching the whole world in the face Because the world is out of step and only mole is the one in line. You know so screw him You're I've done with you mole. I'll still promote to show. I'll say him over to and that's it I'm not gonna do what he used to do about I'm not gonna talk about that show after me and I urge you not to lay on that bushly crap The problem with his man is like a little kid with a rattle in a sandbox. You know, he just in juvenile. It's embarrassing Gonna punch you in the nose. I'm gonna beat you up. Yeah, right The only one you're afraid of is roll-mar team is and rightfully so about you know last year I was I was at a delmar and yeah, I got on usual. Yes, and I got on the elevator and there was John Bernetti and And we'll see at delmar and the elevator and I'm looking at this man and I'm thinking to myself What on earth was I thinking yeah You know he's a big guy you don't even come up to his puppet. No, he's a giant. Yeah, he is a giant of a man as opposed to some people They're just a talk of a game there a speed fighter in a man. Yeah, just go have a wonderful life You know the loot yourself rambulons feel any of a spew them that you want in here. I don't ever know care And all of a sudden you saw a mole. That's right for the last time. Don't see me normal. Anyway Go ahead, so the suggestion that was that you go to mornings. No, no, which was a shot at you obviously Of course, yeah, no, it's I'm gonna just say this because you see your egg in the on now even I'm trying to like your close my my chapter in the whole thing Yeah, if I worked anywhere like an issue store in a Bakery restaurant anywhere any kind of a job and all of the people there hated me like poison And then I went someplace else and I got another job and all of the people there hated me like poison I'd look myself in the mirror if I could stomach it and I'd say Maybe I'd like we rearrange my altitude about life, but it's just a good a half and so that's why just forget about it I'm not coming back. I'm afraid you're gonna beat me up most so I've used that line That'll be good one. So you're just I'm a scared you just been arrested your life in exile. That is correct I already said is it in times of year that I'm not coming back there So for him to come up on that crab of a while is he coming to the studio or like a puncher? But no, yeah, right you ain't punching anybody, okay punchy is the word Bye, Mo So when are we getting back to more important thing yeah, what's your horse running again two weeks? Yeah, you never did finish tell me she had a two length lead and then we watch I just ran I guess. Yeah, oh, well, it's easy to do these days. That's for sure Yeah, and I didn't want you know what it's cheaper to feel worse today and it's the feed your card That's where we are. That's for sure So if you finished where off the board off the board. Oh, no, but She showed speed you know, she just got left at the end. I do not do in this bad thing because when owner started punching their gut side Every time a horse runs out of good idea Now what what did she go off like about seven to five? They decided she was two to one two to one She'll be a price next time, but I'm not I'm not I don't need to bet on that horse right I mean some I do know there's some people in the horse business. They they run their horses to For a set up a bad order they run for the first money now if your horse is running for good first money You don't need to lose your ass gambling every time they run well, that was a twenty thousand dollar person that right right So now in the third bridge you get what about 1214 thousand out of the 20 if you win? Yes, 60 percent 60 percent see in the hardest raising it's 50 pretty fitting So it depends there are different conditions, but generally is 60 percent. Yeah So tough business, but you know, so I mean we made a decision Neil My partner and I talked about it and we talked with ZO and because he's got a few horses who were left over from the Whitney's When he he gave the Whitney's over to another trainer and or Mary Lil Whitney and and her horses And he had a few left and he asked us if we were interested in that and we I don't want to play the claiming game anymore I'd like to get one nice horse and that's it. Yeah, you know like a Like secretary it. Yeah, well even it doesn't have to be secretary But it could be like our crypto clearance. Yeah, that would be a nice horse a few delix A few hours would be great and they didn't pay a lot for that horse or how about the sign-usher of the racing business John Henry Yes, the sign-usher. What's that guy? It's Phil George F. Remember that race call what a jackass he wasn't Chicago The sign-usher he reminded me of something They're just talking about you know pompous ass, but nevertheless see how you get me going again You're an ocean provocateur man You're a stuff this server. You're stirring the car. You're smoking a but you're stirring it You know what is it? I know apologize to the world that all arrest of a security and we're bad people Okay, you apologize that that was I Just don't care, you know right that's right. That's my attitude I just told you a blivier some and different world Yep, things are good and I'm not messing with that right exactly everything is great Let's there somebody else be professionally unhappy. I don't want to mention no mold names, but never left all right So on that note you have a nice day got myself a big pile of stuff now. Let me ask you this now George did a poor yesterday Which he inspired usually it's the other way around but he inspired my folder He asked yesterday what black man you'd like to hang out with the most I voted for the guy that won Barack Obama I think he'd be really interesting guy George that name yesterday and he said that that guy was tied for the lead He's got he'd want to pull so I turned it around and I said what white man would you like to hang out with the most? Now Bill Clinton is winning hands down mad dog his number two on there right now. Yeah Well man who I hang out with mad dog and that is fun. Yeah, I would think so Yeah, but I can mention he's got some interesting things to say and I've never go in there But I bet he's got some built-in would be a great guy to hang out with. Yeah, I agree with that Although I aren't I didn't vote for either one of them Don't point the finger at me. Oh, is Clarence? I didn't vote for Clarence either. I voted it for in Riqueh Glacius Well, he's a big fan of my show, you know. Oh, he is. Yeah. Okay. If he time he gets a new CD He always autographs it personal to me and sends it over Maybe he could send an anacorn cober in my V maybe in fact I think he probably gives us his close to hers. He ever did So This guy that I would like to you know, I play golf probably it's just as close to her as Pavellebury and Sergey Fedorov Ever did. Oh brother, man You know you talk about Clinton you know I play golf. I would love to play golf with Clinton Yeah, and four hours on a golf course would be a hoot. You probably have some pretty good phone numbers for you too Yeah, that's a whole thing Oh brother to think well we had to go through for two years because he was getting a little bit of action and all these Neo cons these lunatics these goody two shoe finger pointers and look what we got now like like I said in the godfather Popped Janko look what I got Yeah, look what we got now. He's a perfect running mate for me Yeah, except I would never touch Monica Lewinsky. Oh God if I got a Monica Lewinsky story Where the hell is it? Oh she might want to London. Yeah. She's got a she's got a she's go to school or something Yeah, she took her her prime ministerial knee pads and she's going over to the seat Yeah, well she had her presidential new penny pads, but over there she'll need her prime ministerial knee pads She's the Tony Blair. She loves England. Yeah, that's a good place for Maybe you can enjoy some of that spotted But nevertheless have a great day. You too. Yeah, I'll see you that Monday. Oh geez Monday your full time Bad that is really bad news. It's all right. We're looking forward. Yeah. I'm glad somebody is see you all right Bush it's the city of New Orleans Yes, some of those people down there. They need fail Stokes the people in the astrid don't like catto Wow have the national guard was in I Right Sebastian Oh, wait, one white crew we trained a late I leave a nest for help from the Navy's ears George Bush, the case in the Navy Crawford I guess that's your bill, be no mighty grunt I would've rid girls on wild needs The city of New Orleans For the half-jills and the film through the Florida Oh, wait, one white crew we trained I have visioned up in the Navy's head Help me live, just send me to Georgia I'd be always standing, and I'd be sure Would be come to the world, be high Who has a life to die for it? I know I've got a son, son, son I have visioned up in the Navy's head Help me live, just send me to Georgia I'm calling the call and tell you it's not If we lay honey through the road I'll let me pray in the Navy's head Oh, wait, one white crew we trained I'll wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained But we found a boat in the water Who has a life to die for it? I know I've got a son, son, son I have visioned up in the Navy's head I'm calling the call and tell you it's not a boat I'd be sure, I've got a son, son I have visioned up in the Navy's head Oh, wait, one white crew we trained I'll wait, one white crew we trained But we found a boat in the water Who has a life to die for it? I'll wait, one white crew we trained Who has a life to die for it? I'll wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained Oh, wait, one white crew we trained So, I know it's not a boat, I'll wait, one white crew we trained But we found a boat in the water Who has a life to die for it? I'm dying out of the way, yes 10.2.5.60.WTM, so 164 miles per pole today Which we haven't even got to yet But nevertheless, she wants to hang out with John Grootin That's right, there we go Former open raiders coach, Siano Mike Krap Raiders used to be of Anna Heim and Alive Oakland 10.4.10.5.60.WTM, so it's a real-duffins pregame Showed you managed to live from the Al Palacio Sports Hotel For an iconic university road, listen all day long to impress To see the Mad Dog and attend the Cardi VIP tailgate Oh, right, party George Bush doesn't care about black people I'd say, public to a young, it's a mentioned station Oh, how it is, I'm here on this side of your radio speak, and you, you just stay over there Now normally I don't step out of character But if you're in a disaster in a Sarah hurry game, I feel it's only forever That we are dispensing a holy deity of sports for a while I made a P.W. Heimaker get a bullet and I'm so happy That was Andy Thouman You're always a native of Alive Oakland You're a higher hour Hey, you're here at that, there is nobody here By that name, from this turn on you will address me by my company Or replace my police engineer, run the Nodes Okay, no, no one Well, there are only about 1100 national aren't available Because the rest you're getting killed while trying to secure resources For corporate interest in Iran The rescue equipment is there too, including the high water trucks Which is kind of weird since it's been said By the way, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Oysterball, the United Old God They're not there, they're not there That's an old God, not there Not there, we got to 1000s of national God here 1000s of them, not there Over here, over there, I'm going to have an aluminumoy So take that, Bob, this might be president of ours as an full control You know, you got to keep in mind, nobody had any idea Into the impact of the school Then that's how the minograd tossed to the district So what the hell is our pranking doing I came to edify you in political, monologue Hey, I'm your ruler, I'm smart I'm like, do we Hoyman says Well, perhaps you'll garner my chunder, my tutelid I don't know what you're doing, don't worry I'm sorry, but I'm not going to show you I'm so proud of you 1021 at 5.60 every 2 QAM So let's see, we had a facts from well, we're getting facts For the full we haven't even gotten the yesterday's point yet My slice to new pool Take a time, one pool of the time, please We'll say, Drew Rosenhaus is the white guy he'd like to hang it out with He says cars, cribs, NFL buddies, press conferences, TV shows And jailhouse statements, Drew Rosenhaus I think he was about as cool as a product's part If he actually would never let that to a will would like to hang out with Now George, yes, they inspired today's pool by saying By asking which black men would you like to hang out with the most Now what inspired that? Tony, I see, I thought immediately I want to hang out with that guy, he's right on And brave enough to say so George Bush doesn't care about black people Oh you know, just stuff like that Barack Obama, though, got my vote And look at that, he won the pool, 129, and Hank, and Hank is the one to keep you there? No, he suggested it, but he was already on there I mean, the initial list of course included, bro I see, there you go, turning on Hank now You're probably going to have Vulcan Brown right on Much of Anta, he's gonna, you're gonna write some anti-hank bits for Vulcan Brown or record? I'm a hallmoham? Barack Obama, 129, Dave's your pel 126, I asked Josh courtes Is that the Chappelle show coming back on? No, he's done. Well, why? And don't tell me the $50 million, he doesn't want to, they wanted to write He's show for him, right? He doesn't want to do a show that says Dave Chappelle And it's not his problem. It's right. Stickin' their fingers at it, in other words. And his nose? I'm telling you, the 50 million, I mean, not getting a 5-13 million I'd say, hey, bye-bye, see ya, it's been fun. Wow, Chris Rock 123 is right on Dave's ass And check, look at that, have one 16. Wow. Why is that? I just said, buddy, we're shopping on May 11th. You want to see if Snoop Dogg, 58 Samuel Jackson 48, Kindle, Kindle, Lisa 36, I wonder if Kindle, Lisa lives in a condo, You think? Probably several. Morgan Freeman 35, Will Smith 34, Ricky Williams 33, I wonder if Kindle, Lisa ever took a Connie? Now, I'm not sure if that's a word that our family made up. You know what, you know what a Connie is in an animal? All right. Remember I told you my mother took an animal every day since she was like a little girl since she was like 15 years old, the rest of her life. No? Yes, I did, I told you that. That was her main thing in life was, right, was ass. Anyways, Morgan Freeman 35, Will Smith 34, Nothing like a good Connie, Ricky Williams 33, right, and she makes a Hellockinoli too, right, Megan 26, Kenny West 25, Kenya, Connie, Candy West, George Clinton, George Clinton, who's George Clinton? Yeah, 22, how come I don't know who that is? How do you know? Yeah, he's old. Yeah, he's old. Yeah, never heard him. Clara's Thomas 22, he's old, but he's a smoking big fat one still. James Earl Jones 20, oh, Jason's 18, they like hanging out with him for just a couple of seconds. Just wanted to pull a trigger. Al Sharpen 18, James Brown 12, and the famous flames. The famous, the famous, the famous Louis Vercon 11, 50 cent had nine. Sean Puck that he peded he diddy comes, whatever he would call himself these days has nine. Alonza morning seven, Judge Man find out if Ditty is really a beard. Judge Mathis six, or is it the other way around? I'm not really sure ice cube six, Jesse J. That can be a mild beard, can't it? Jesse Jackson five, G. Z. Five, Chris Tucker five, Brankumble two and Bobby Brown, downtown Bobby Brown, no relation to downtown Mickey Brown two, who is the George W. R. Mason College, by the way, Mickey Brown, if you wonder why he's a director of FEMA, has no qualifications whatsoever, can you believe it? George Clinton is actually Clinton? Yeah, with part I have no idea who that is. You know him to start. You got fat days? Oh yeah, not a rule that. I'm just funnier. By the way, Joel, fine, we're going to take it to Jack, guess Greg wanted me to say that. You're an idiot, Joel. Now, did you discuss this yesterday at the Grace Urging and cleaning? No. See, when I got that call the other day from the month, my sister, hey, Duff. You fair. I knew that this was a set up from Greg, you know, because he had, because the phone call was a call. I was left on the voice mail, Greg, agreed. So how would Duff get it? And why would he be playing it for me? Unless Greg went in and said, Oh, I want you to have everybody here this so they can talk about it on your liberal fine, Brankum, and ask Greg, I'm going to say this to you. Okay, Joel is ripping him and that himself and ask big enough about any help from us. Okay, I mean, he's just, he's got an asked a size of the universe. Joel, fine, where by the way is the big shot, the head cheese, the head huncho, the main man at 790 the ticket, which you couldn't find their numbers with a palmar telescope. And so he calls up Greg and he leaves a voice mail, which is one of the most bush league things I've ever heard. Although Greg, of course, so he knows about bush league. But nevertheless, basically, the essence of it is that Joel, fine, where you're throwing big Kim Boatham for under the bus. Now, you throw Boatham for under the bus. It's going to rock and rattle and strike and strike and strike and strike and strike and strike and strike. Because he is one big guy. I would want to mess with Kim Boatham. I see when some old Dodo birds, as he wants to punch me in a mouth at that point, I kind of chuckle. But when somebody like Kim Boatham, for you, I want to cross him because he'll come back and just step on you like a cockroach. You could back the way up with a look. Yeah, that's exactly right. He'll take that old Van Dowd cow from in front of the university dives. You just shove it with a mudo and shine, Joel. So the message is that, oh, he's decided not to hire a dog, he's going to be a dog. He's going to be a dog, he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. And he's going to be a dog. contracts. Unwrap all the slime all the time. ??? He's called. It is so freaking cold. And I pinch every time Wahl-ingt noise. Like if you're in my pants, something is shaking. I'm so cold I can't live see. Let's become a seal baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a thing in my fingers. Back home. And my pride with thoughts of loose. Oh my nose is about to fall. There's a cloud every time that I call. In my hands I'm not. They are turning home. They might have to taste my thoughts. Oh right. Let's become a seal baby. I can't live my mom. Oh my nose is about to fall. Because I'm not. You've been told about. Yes, I'm not. You've been told about. That's me. I'm dying out of here. 26 to 11. I voted for a week. I'm the only one I can see that. But then again, I think we might have a lot in common. We could sit and bond. Although I don't pick it up on me. There are only two words I know in Spanish. That's only because of this show. And that's mighty cone and boogatron. That's it. That's all I know. Nice to George for sending me these two Ben Harper CDs. I'll say it again. I'm not sure if you see I'd rather than who Ben Harper is than George Cun. Let me put it that way. Well, little Harper still making music. I mean, I'm not that I want to hang out with Ben Harper. I have no desire to do that. But I'll tell you one thing. I'm thinking inspired by that to see that was playing. And how about that to own Osborne by the way was that greater what? Yep. That's been some two enthusiastic. Oh, I do like to. That's what I was saying. That was sensational. That's just to move me almost to tears. I'm not going to be in the same way. Inspired by that standing in the shadows of Motown that we went crazy about last week, whenever the hell it was. Wouldn't that be a great fun, Rachel? Since we got all these concerts going on not to raise money. Yeah. A reunion of all the Funk brothers that ones that are still alive. Of course, everything just brings in some of the other ones and prop them up. And you know, the people recording artists who were on this CD who were in a movie, like Booty Collins, Bootsie Collins, Booty, Shakey Booty, Angel Nossborn, Angel Levert, and Ben Harper and, that's right, with these people, all these things. And we're separate shocker, come by the odds, Jews. Leave her as home. But when happy something, I've had a thousand bucks to go see that concert, having seen all the Motown hits. Yeah. Wow. That would just really be something. We're going to try to do something with the CD. To raise money. Now what is there like an organization? The Human Society last time heard. New about the same. I mean, we saw it in New Orleans. There's a lot of the nation that we need to do. There's an National Human Society. Yeah. And that's where the money is going to be going. I reckon we're still talking about it. Well, we're working in the meantime. We can click on the American Red Cross thing on our website. We're doing an animal rescue that you've made to say. Right. And we'd like to participate and we will. And anyway, thanks for the Ben Harper CD's. He's phenomenal. He's really just so good at scary. Here's the hero. You want him, baby. Anyway, here's from Mike and Melbourne for the poll today. What about Hugh Heffner? Yeah, not ours. A good work for the poll. He get a lot of votes. A lot of guys like here. Here's his stories, you know. A lot of guys share some of his, uh, Slopovers too. Some of the leftovers. He's old. Yeah, he's old. He's old. Anyway, 248 votes are ready. What white man would you like to hang out with the most? I mean, if you can ask what black man you want to hang it out with. About what white man? The point is we all hang out with white people all day long. Well, I understand. But let's have a little equal time man. Bill Clinton 69. Jimmanted 33. Neil Rogers 26. Yeah, you could say that over my shorter it would buy him and watch me lose my ass. Punge. Chetty. Chetty. Well, John Stuart 20. Sudskulman 18. Dan Marino 12. George W. Bush 12. Oh, yeah. At least you have the, uh, at least you certainly have several of the knocks is up on the intellect scale. No matter who you are. Even Gilbert. Michael Morelevin. Brad Pitt 9. Our can imagine why George Rodriguez eight. You're right on Brad Pitt's ass. It's no way. He's got six. See a lot of people will talk out of order for time Brady tonight being the opening of the NFL season. The Patriots and the Raiders when you thought Josh, yeah, I've gone for the Raiders. Did, for you are really a lot of astute, you know, you're just unbelievable going for the Raiders. And it particular reason for that, uh, because I want to picture the lose. Well, why does a bookstain, which aren't even the same because I don't want to say. Sounds like sour grapes to me. But they've won the Super Bowl enough for me to ever see them win again. So, and all one game have to do with winning the Super Bowl. So in other words, they went like 12 and 4 and they didn't win the Super Bowl. I wouldn't be okay. Okay, okay, that's fine. Well, okay. So let him win tonight just to make me feel good. Otherwise that next check is going to have like all zeros. Uh, sure. George, for Tom Brady six, Gorby Alphore, Book of Brian for. I always thought of Book of Brian and Gorby Alms, same category. Also, at least part of it. Brilliant minds. Okay. Sean Penn for and week is got three now. All right. Let's hear from my good close personal buddy in Greek way and Greek way. Where whatever is the name is. Gelty three. Oh, Gelty ought to be a real hoot. Keep it all at hockey stuff. It's not Florida's 90 here. John Grootins got a pair. And eventually whoever sent it in fact would like to check them out. Hank, the humpers got two. He's tat would John Grootin. Hugh Heffner's got one. John Schultle's got one. Allow. Eminem's got one. And two rows now. So far has got to be. Oh, rightfully so will. Hey, well, come on. Feel a little more creative than that. Okay. Now, before we get it all this knowledge stuff and the other, I just a huge prop. Plus your suggestions for the pull of course will take thousands of call today. In fact, WQA and hello. A meal for today's pull of Michael Jackson and Peter North. Okay. Yeah, I thought I put Michael Jackson under because he's showing no black name. But he's also waiting no white man. He's just a pre-vert. We just call Peter and the North is a good choice, huh? It's okay. Now, he's a straight shooter. Maybe give you like some instructions in life. Or maybe hear some of the great stories he said. I mean, I sure rather hang out with Peter North and Ron Jeremy. They're both in the same industry, but quite frankly, Ron is a little bit too hairy for me to like even be the same as a little too hairy and too fat. Although I wasn't a he wasn't a studio that one day. I think that's the reason I never come and back. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. Our David's a bitch. Hi, this is Bob from FTO. We're working feverously 24 hours a day on new ways to turn your power off long before any storms dead here. To save money and pass the savings along to us. If a pigeon goes poo on our state of the art 1959 technology, rest assured, we'll shut down all of our emergency phone lines and keep you occupied with pre-recorded messages to press 1 or 2 or 2 or 1 or speak into the phone. We understand what it's like not to have power, that's why most of our employees always have their own. To be prepared when your is goes off, our emergency repair crews are not lazy and trucks will be the patched after a storm has passed long after like a year after shipwift. So as ready kilowatt would say, 1045 and 560WQAM. Hope you can hear us hope that you got your power on. We'll have a couple of weeks. We can have. Two weeks right? Isn't today two weeks show from the day? They're about to. Anyway, just hear the story about those that black family, the guy is two sons in Atlanta. They got arrested for holding up the signs about need to help and the Indiana. They got arrested in Atlanta. For holding up a sign, they were breaking the local laws. Oh man. You know, cracker please if so I can tell you. I don't know there's a lot of dark folks in Atlanta and that probably the mayor is black too, but never less. I really don't know who the mayor is at this point. But the mayor ought to be in jail. Just unconscionable. The deep south have turned it this for years. Law before we just had this horrendous hurricane. You know, even put all the laws on the books you want, but you can't change people on the inside. And the deep south is just as racist and nasty and hateful as it ever was, which nobody seems to want to talk about that. The fact that there are so many of these, like folks living in horrendous poverty in New Orleans and most of the the east south, it's supposed to just look the other way. Well, they should have known better and right. It's kind of like a self-fulfilling death wish. It's a white establishment has for all minorities. Returning speaking to minorities, retired priest Reverend Neil Dordy has been accused of dragging and raping me on blah, but working at a Margate church. Oh my God. According to a lawsuit filed Tuesday against the arts, I see some Miami. Now, another one of those isolated incidents, in the US with all the other stuff going on in the world, nobody's paying attention to this. No, Moids old, new is man. Dordy suggested the Broward County man who was now 19, trying marijuana and alcohol is a way of controlling as aggressive behavior law, so it says. The two minutes in Vincent Catholic Church when the teenager identified only as John Doodon number 22 was about eight, and the priest abused him over the course of several years when he was about eight years old. Are you on the fore yet puking? I'm on puking in circles. According to the Sufald and Broward Circuit, Dordy cultivated a relationship with the boy and invited him to mass and confession and the rectory. Back to him. He gave the boy drugs and alcohol and I've free passed out sexually abused him according to the Suf with six more than 25 million end damages. By the end he was so drugged out that he was just an easy target said Jeffrey Herman, the attorney who found no relation to a great driver, Billy Herman. The attorney who filed a suit and settled three other cases against the arts dices for about four. $0.00. And a statement Tuesday, the arts dices, my me said it's a sad day for the Catholic Church where we see the allegations of sexual abuse by a member of the clergy. Airbie accusations taken seriously. Right. Dordy has been accused of sexually abusing boys before, but has never been charged criminally. In one case, Broward prosecutors couldn't file criminal charges because the statute limitation of the expired, but they said they had serious concerns about authorities behavior. Each allegation is similar. Dordy made contact with the young mayor offered counseling provided drugs and sexually molested him. A recent lawsuit filed August 17 by John Don number 21, prompted John Don number 22 to come forward. Are you like to ask? So there you go. Just another one of those isolated incidents. Okay, here's the bad news. And we've got to have got such a pile. Good. That's bad news? Well, we better take some call. WQAN. Hello. Okay. That's a good one. WQAN. Hello. Yes, sir. I was walking to CNN last night that your buddy Larry came there was pretty nauseating and admired me to write a little ditty if I nicer. Yeah. Here's a little son about a man named Bush. Well, no one was driving. He was sitting on his push. He's been on Howard Burton now. No big fix and see on an opportunity to make a rents match C forced to back away. Can't care for tickets. Next thing you know while the bracks have been bust out and did you want to change up this now? What it's all about? The more realistic hypocrites will all stand up and check. When there's no more 30 bars and the more decros are here, the aldo. Okay. Well, I was still good till he got to that T-word there. Can't do that. Oh, he was. Huh? I said, yeah, that was good. Well, it's just this we just got joy. Again, okay, we're doing nice job there, pal. But sorry, I'm not really a nice job. It was okay. As intentions were good. It could be a little help of the voice. It was kind of doing a really cross-beammentation, I guess. Yeah. She got that great Husky voice. Husky voice. Husky voice. My ass. Jesus Christ. There are people that pass gas sounds better than her. My God. She is just, she just gives me the willys. He was good. Dominic, you were in. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Did you hear my email about the website about the novel please? How big you're playing? I think you're email about novel. You're email about the website. Yeah. Did we get it? No. All right. How much did I get to email? I got up the years somehow. No. Dominic, you were in. Hello. Am I? Yes, sir. One of the people are crooking at these backguards. Ha ha ha ha. Hopefully on the 12th of never is guy in my Chris would say. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, this is up Mayor Nagan. Yeah. What are you thinking about when he told everybody get out of town without having a plan to get him out of town? Right. I mean, sir. I was talking on our time. I'm talking about the public buses, the city buses. They showed the other day the whole free to school buses that we're just sitting there doing nothing. They could have evacuated the thousands and thousands of those people while they still had three days notice Friday and Saturday and Sunday. Agreed. And this guy's pointing the fingers that everybody else. Ah, I'm aiming at him. He's pointing the fingers rightfully so because there's plenty of blame to go around. They all screwed up big time. Agreed. But it starts there. It's going to evacuate into people. They had to be. All right. Amen. I'm so pissed. He's pissed. But again, don't point to finger with the president though because that's bad. I'll get Lou Dobs of set. You know, that fat face, the top of crap, Lou Dobs? Yeah. Boy, does he make my blood curdled? WQA, I'm hello. Yeah. How about, uh, hang out with Ben and Jerry? All right. Like that. They're good guys. Yeah. Good liberal guys. Good boys and Vermont. Why? He's been a lot of talk with Ben and Jerry. Yeah. Not with them necessarily, but certainly with their product. All right. I think they sold the company. Who did they sell it? They sold it to, um, what's that? That's company. That he has them in L. Leaver, uh, Leaver, uh, Leaver alone. Uh, what number the hell that is? You know what I'm talking about? Not Leaver brothers. Well, whatever the hell that is they sold to the ice cream. But they're still around Ben and Jerry. Great guys. Great, uh, big balls. They got a pair and they're hearts into my place. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, Neil. I got a little bit of stuff. You sure, uh, that greedy cross me isn't still hungry doing a voice. Yeah. Are you sure? Could be. Oh, I got you. Okay. Could be. I mean, can't be for serious cannon. MSNBC. If you want the MSU to never get a pair, they have got the worst. The worst. The worst. Swill. Although I do like keep over. I'm in a lot now. All of a sudden, nobody stopped throwing the spit balls and doing all of their stupid crap. Now, serious time. Just, but nobody watches it anyway. So why should I waste my time being like talking about hockey? So are you're so in M16, strengthen their grip? By the way, the acid almost in the lockdown mode. Although nobody seems to know what that means. And they have a lot of lines of people waiting for these vouchers for their $2,000, you know, that they're all getting, yeah, the debit card. Right. The line up for that. But for some reason now, the astralomas in the lockdown mode is in high-alarm mode. And nobody knows what that really means in this case. You know what it means? What does it mean? I don't know. Soldiers toting M16 strengthened their grip on New Orleans's concerns were about the risk posed by the toxic floodwars. And officials right for what could be a staggering death toll by reading 25,000 body bags. Across miles of ravaged neighborhoods of techboard houses, grandestates, and housing projects, workers to identify corpses, and convince the city's last ever residents to leave. Or else, search of your arm would proof of what many holdouts had long feared. The floodwaters are thick with sewage-related bacteria that are released 10 times higher than acceptable safety risks. The muck contains e-coli, certain viruses in the type of collar-like bacteria. If you haven't left the city yet, you must do so, Dr. Julie Gabbarding, directly Center for Disease Control Prevention said yesterday. If you're any of the water in the water, you can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water to cover the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water to cover the coldness. You can use the water. You can use the water. You can use the water. That's the reason why the water doesn't go away. You can use the water. You can use the water. You will use the water. You can use the water. That's a reason why the water doesn't go away. Other places there. Do you have a reason? It may actually come after days. I could be sure if you drink. came to the right. And we had no idea that this was ever going to happen, which is what Hurricane Pam, that fetishes hurricane that they spent five days planning for a last year and preparing for and doing a run through. I was just, let's see, here's a fact that says President Dumpshman said, Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job, not making Mickey Brown like you're heaf saying. Need a, you need the research, Mr. F. F. All the articles, all the articles agree with this fact that they said Brownie, I heard it myself, and I'm sure he said, I thought he said Mickey Brown. But whatever he was, Brownie. It's the thing. It means a Brownie, how, I don't know. That would explain things. That would. A bipartisan joint congressional committee will review the response that all levels of government to hurricane Katrina leaders of the House and Senate say yesterday, then I make you feel reassured. And it's not going to help a lot of those desperate people whose lives have been turned to instant craft literally and figuratively, especially the dead ones. House Speaker Dennis Haster, Big Fat, Tubbett Turb, Republican in Illinois, and Senate Majority leader Bill Frist, who has been spending too much time fristing these days, said that they written statement that joint committee would report its findings to Congress, no later than February 15th next year. Let's see, September the 8th. Oh, that's an October, November December, Jan. February, oh, that's only five months. Yeah, that's this whole thing. It just makes you want to gag. I want to just take it this right now. I know nobody in this audience will listen to me. But we have that series of Power of Nightmarish from the BBC that award-winning series on here about this myth about the new boogeyman, the world terrorist network, which doesn't exist in Al Qaeda, which only existed as a victim of their imagination. And then, Bin Laden said, hey, that sounds really good. Well, Carl ourselves, Al Qaeda, even though they never was any such group. But it's on our website, Parts 1, 2 and 3. And I had forgotten that there were like three distinct parts in last three nights on CBC. They would be paid all three. Everybody should be forced to watch that. The Power of Nightmares. I know you won't watch it. It's on our website, way down there, click away, to look way down. But they won't look at it. It's just everybody in America should end the world to be forced to watch that. This is a boogeyman crap. First it was a Soviet Union. And then it was Bill Clinton, and of course it's the evil of terrorist network. Critics argued the federal government took too long to mobilize aid, which of course is correct causing thousands of storm victims to languish for days when our food water other necessities. First, gold reporters during a brief appearance that the new committee will be composed of senior members of Congress, whether Republicans in the majority of course. Just like the investigation in the 911, the same crap, all these committees. A high ranking have STEMocratic gates had lawmakers from his party, and even contacted yet. But uncertain when the joint hearings would begin, but Georgia will surely be there when they start if they're joint hearings. That's right. But GOP leaders have said repeatedly, they don't want to pull up officials out of the disaster area to testify. We have plenty of time, and they'll all be holding up their hand since they're seeing an eye on a test to find. Probably smoking a parliament. This is the real Roger. This is the new Roger. This is the new Roger, so we'll look at what the whole thing is. This is your brain. Any questions? New Orleans thought it had been fair of the worst, and then two major levies broken slowly the city filled with water. The city that sits below sea level is now under sea. A official best is made to 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor has been asking for everybody to stay up there. I think we could probably do that for our friends. I love one step there. Good morning, man. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Your name is, is and you're going to return. Oh, wonderful morning. How many times have you spent here? Apparently that's my intention. But if you know the exact time you'll return the national destiny. Is it not for aっk? Yes or so. IDOLAR I think they overall are isolated all of thisשים their mind and outer bed. Christine, don't talk to anyone. soft line over the tsunami in Indonesia. They are places that are no longer there. Nice to meet you, New Orleans. I mean everything is just flooded. Everything is all seated there right there. People being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aid to one another. They're helicopters and rescue teams. Lifting people one by one, hundreds and hundreds and all from rooftop. We're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just pray for them and for not just them all the people down there. You know what they're thinking of the pieces? We're missing this is a miss rolling down to the team. We're moving the way guys. This is Don't You Know Me. I'm a miss. I'm trying to hear. I'm a train. They call me. I'm a man. I'm a man. Can I ask for your prayers? All those who breathe. Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best. I ask for people to join me in saying a prayer for the victims in their families. God bless. You're fair. It's 11.04. It's 5.60. That's too much. He's going to give for me from now on. Man dog for 6.30. Marlon's at the next 705 and any care for the ballgame. Didn't don't trouble in his 20. They kicked him serious ass. By the way, that's a beautiful blank white page here from whatever you just asked me. Did you ask me something? Not lately. Let me try to get in the blast they got tried. What was it? It's a white page. It's a white page. It's a blank page. Oh, you got a minute. I'll reset the last. 24 votes on a poll so far. What white man would you like to hang out with the most? You know, just to end maybe go to dinner. Maybe sit around on a sofa watching some football and just have a chat. Maybe go out and play a little golf with. Bill couldn't 95. Jim and his 37. Oh, God, we miss him. Bad. Do we miss him? Bad. And they showed the little clip with David Brock on his power. Matt. Mark. And they asked him specifically about all these things that they might have about white water and about the Arkansas project and all these. And they were all manufactured. Not a single one of them were true. And of course all the crap about murdering of ins foster. It just just madness. These are just crazy people is what they are. In fact, I do have that article about the Leo Strauss and the Neil Cahn's. I'm going to put I pushed that up in my pile. I pushed it. I'm pushing it. Now this isn't a blank page. This may be the fact that you try to send me a very important. Neil, that Joyce hole said a few months ago that most. I'm not interested. What what does that mean? I don't know. On this date. No, no, no, no. Your time sent me a few flashes about the unmentsable people. I'm not interested. Grow up. Don't be a child. There's certain other people. Okay. People still rat on there. And you just said it to me again. Oh, I sure hope it's not coming a third time. Oh, they're coming to the top. I hear something else. It says from Donna in four Larderdale. I can think of nothing better than the hang out with Dave Matthews. Ah, Donna. Love is music. He's cute. Oh. Don't I know this fantastic. He's just he's fine and politically on track, well known Bushhader, like anybody else with a brain. The white male I'd least like to hang out with. But we'll have to be. Ah, there we go. Hands down. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. There's not a four. Well, there's no. He finally got a right. Oh, right. Bill's job, right? Bush blew it. This is from your favorite website, capitalillblue.com. Yes. On our website. At any rate, he says a few days after the nine, eleven terrorists attack. President Bush galvanized a fearful nation by climbing at top the rubble of the the rubble of the World Trade Center, creeping his armor across the shoulders of a firefighter declaring, the whole world hears you. The president's popularity surged in the aftermath of that disaster, rallying public support and displaying defiance in the face of aggression. But what Bush has said after Hurricane Katrina, now recognizes the war's natural disaster in American history, has attracted criticism from Democrats and Republicans alike. While his words after 911 provided confidence, his statements after the disaster that is before New Orleans and other areas have given little solace. House democratically to Nancy Pelosi of California told reporters yesterday that Gulf Coast residents were struck by two disasters, Katrina and the president's state are to lead. Instead of unconscionably blaming others, President Bush must take charge and take responsibility and must get it right, and that's my concern and the message that I'll bring to the President. Mr. President, you should have taken charge and you should have taken responsibility she said. Of course, you know his motto, the buck stops someplace else, always. Pelosi recounted a conversation with Bush during which he called for the resignation of Michael Brown, that's Brownie or downtown Mickey Brown, head of the Fima, who's been under-fersed into the outset. That's his former college roommate, Bush Meister. He said, why would I do that Pelosi said? I said because of all that went wrong, of all that didn't go right last week, and he said, what didn't go right? Obvious, and denial, dangerous, she said. What didn't go right? Christine Ryrton, who holds the Lutheran Henderson chair in leadership by TCU's M.J. Neely School of Business, said that by his own actions and comments, Bush has not really helped the people recover from the disaster. During a threat, a leader needs to be visible, choke compassion, understanding for what others are facing and also shows strength, Ryrton said. It's important for leaders to get into the trenches and listen and put the five communications of Portos that are affected by the crisis, a lack of visibility in the communication from a leader erodes confidence. High visibility in compassion demonstrates interest, concern, and caring on the part of leader during crisis confidence and trust are heightened when a leader is present with those that are affected. Bush got off on a wrong foot by heading to Arizona for a speech about Medicaid reform. That's not that's wrong, this is California, San Diego. Just in the heavy winds hit the Gulf Coast. He took the opportunity to request that everyone pray for the victims but otherwise kept to his script. It was a day later that events forced him to abort his extended state as Texas Ranch and return to Washington, a fly over the ravaged area produced, boilerplate as opposed to the stirring words we said in after 9.11. In later appearances, Bush joked about how he used to go to New Orleans for fun during the free-wheeling days of his youth, and Mississippi he annoyed some observers by noting that Senator Trent Lottzome had been destroyed and expressing the desire to sit on the former Republican Senate leaders' porch once its rebuilt. Otherwise the most noted statement after the tragedy has been that the federal response was unacceptable. He also held the worker Brown, the rounded-criticized FEMA head-telling Brownie that he was doing a heck of a job. Seattle, he's called a Brownie. Public reaction to the presence performance has been mixed and ABC News walked in post pull conducted September 2 found that 46% approved of the manner which Bush handled the tragedy 47% of the group, roughly tracking his overall popularity numbers in recent weeks. But the situation hasn't either the president's sagging numbers as the 9.11 attacks did. Some of the problem might be timing. White House officials note that not only was Bush on vacation, so was vice-president Vic Cheney fishing and Wyoming and Chief of Staff Andy Card resting in Maine. Others were scattered around. Bush also wasn't helped by comments from others. House Speaker Denny Hastard raised questions about almost immediately about the wisdom of rebuilding New Orleans, comets he lost no time in retracting. Tell my security department Secretary Michael Chirdoff told Tim Russell that no one envisioned the New Orleans Levy's breaking even though the possibility of a discuss for years. And then this is the president's mother, Barbara Bush who appeared in sensitive to the suffering of residents in her comments. What I'm hearing is sort of scary that they all want to stay in Texas, you said, everybody is so overwhelmed by the hospitality and so many of the people in the Serenia were under privileged anyway. So this is working very well for them. I know I read that too, but it's worth reading again. It's worth not very well reading. I mean it's here. You know, we're under 30, 10 minutes. This is working with a record. Oh yes, he said with a chuckle and a little shmirkal air right. Oh brother, what a nasty and sensitive hostile bitch. A spoon fed, light-haired, Betsy Ross look like bitch. Go so some fag flags honey, you get out of our face. Just dummy up. America is trying to forget about you. And the neocons, by the way, heat you and your husband like poison. And that's a part of that show. I'm telling that was really just glued to the set. I didn't realize it was going to be on three consecutive nights. You won't watch it. I know too bad. Power of nightmares, parts one, two and three, uno dose trace. What white man would you like to hang out with most of the go to the 51 votes? We got a shot of 400 yards. You really push it. We'll do it. Bill Clinton, what? 400. Bill Clinton, one of those trades. He amandaged 40. Bill Clinton, he's our man. Yeah, and as a matter of fact, I think probably more people were like that. I wouldn't be cause of the fact he was getting so hanky, panky. As opposed to something like goodly two shoes that was sitting there with his armistful, if you know like, whether it would have been whatever it would call those things. What do they call them? That the Saudis were. Oh, you're talking about that. Bill Clinton, one, oh, three. All or of course, when you wear the kilt, that's always, you know, always ready, like ready to a lot. I was ready in a flash. Bill Clinton, one of the freeds you have made is 40. New Rodgers 34. John Stewart 33. Sounds Coleman 20. He will have to have 17. George, by the way, sounds thanks again for the amount of time. The man, can you tell my, I think, and profuse. I give him a bit of what would for you. Good. How about a kiss? What will he do? George W. Bush 17. Michael Moore 15. Tan Marino 12. George Rodriguez 11. You could smoke around and, I was, smoke around and sit the newspaper. Or sit around and smoke the newspaper. We will. Grand Pitt 9. Tom Brady 7. Gorbachev 6. He's right on Tom's ass. Hey, Gorbachev 5. Book a Brian for Sean Penn 4. And we can, glaciers got three. You'll have to fight me first. That's my man. Well, kind of a man. Geldy 3. Uh, Drew Rosenhausen got a pair. John Grootens got two. Kid Rock is got one. And what's the reason for that? I wonder. I don't know. I don't know and I don't care. And I don't want to know. Peter North 1. Don Shulas got one. The old Brainstam. See if there are any of us. Tim Sills still working in there. M&M 1. And Dave Matthew is so far. He took right the news. He's gone. He's got the big. Oh, and rightfully so. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 A.S. Oh, she's sleeping there. With a little teddy bear in the cloud. Inside a closet. My pants are down. I've been here all night. Hope it's your wake up. I just hope that her daddy doesn't come in. And you know, he's going to kick me out as closet. Oh, the alarm clock just went off. She'll be up soon. Oh, she just woke up. And she's stretching her arms out. Oh, oh, I'm looking at her through this closet. And I hope her daddy doesn't walk in. Because she is only a minor. She's a year's old. My favorite Karen. And I've been watching her. Oh, man. And I know. And if a daddy walks in, he's going to be upset. Get out this cloud. No, he needs her. He's so too breakfast. Wake up. Wake up, honey. It's time to go to breakfast. Oh, no. He just opened up the closet. 11.15. 56 A.W.D. Sunday, the real dolphin's pregame show with Jim Mandiff from his life from the Alphaloncio Sports Hotel Corner County line in university. Listen, all day long when you hear that. That. Whatever the thing is we're playing. What is it? Well, don't play now. Then they'll crawl. Listen, all day long to win pass is to see the man. Doug and 10 day, but Cardi VIP tailgate party and get yourself plastered. A giant construction crane toppled over and hit neighboring seven story building this morning and four-laterdale. No injuries reported, but the condo was evacuated. Police, a condo, a visa, bitch. City voting inspections were called immediately to the side of the pink 24 unit building called the Mara K. At 33 or 1 northeast 31st, Avis structurally sound after the massive blow residents will not be allowed until the determination is made. The Mara K is located on the intercostal on the beach side is nested out of a construction site for new 14 story hotel in Condo, the Il Lugano being built by Suffolk construction. The crane, which is about 300 feet long, was a simple civil day to go. How do you like that? I'd like to go home and find a big, good, gigantic crane on your roof. Sure. Unless it was maybe like a whooping crane, then maybe could make a little whooping. Speaking of that, Ed and Ford Laterdale has his on the lighter side. We need some stuff on the lighter side. It's very depressing, dangerous times we're living in Ed. We got all kinds of bad stuff. The bookie man is waiting to get us. Hokes are tourist testicle cooking contest is the headline I didn't even know there was a testicle cooking contest. Did you? No, we do not. Organizers of the World Testicle Cooking Championships were left out of pocket after a Hokes are tend to be Australia's top testicle cook. I mean, maybe it doesn't say where this takes place, doesn't it? Oh yeah, in Serbia. A man tend to be Australia chief, Nibald Bevan, called the World Testicle Cooking Championships in Serbia, asking the take part. Organizers are grungy, malanavich, so the important kangaroo testicles, especially for the Australian team, but nobody turned up. He said the car told us, cooked kangaroo testicles were a popular delicacy in Australia and give us the details where he can get kangaroo testicles, so we could have them ready when Mr. Bovan and his team arrive. We were disappointed when no Australians arrived. We even had a hand ready to welcome them. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Lubomar aerovates who arranged the VIP reception for Mr. Bevan Ed, we're sorry Mr. Bevan couldn't make it. Hope he might still turn up next year once he realizes realizes that Joker has been pretending to be him. We would like to compare the testicles of a kangaroo of those of Lyle, Bores, and Boles that would really make our unique competition of the World Championships. Well, Lubomir, I have one thing to say to you. You're fair, I was like running around comparing testicles. I've got a serious... Well, yeah. What? Catch my drift. A serious thing. I'll allow, maybe they can find out if that one is animal vegetable or mineral. You know, they're vegetables. Some of them have testicles? No, I didn't know that. Like maybe, Oprah. Oprah. I think he's got testicles. The federal government tends to begin dwindling out debit cards where $2,000 each to would help victims of hurricane Katrina. The associated prices weren't... That thing about those... The guy in his two sons that were arrested in the land of that just crossed my fat ass. I mean, there was in a single day that goes by here in Toronto that I'll go out on the streets and there's some guy holding up a sign or the panhandlers. It's very common here. It's sad. But nevertheless, that happens all the time. You see it there. You kidding everywhere. I'm desperate. We'll work for food. You know the whole routine. Of course, some of them are legitimate and some of them are wealthy. But these guys wound up in Atlanta. They got there from New Orleans. They're desperate. They got nothing except a clothing underback. And they throw their ass in jail because they're violating a city ordinance holding up so signs. Oh, they're just kidding. Anyway, so that's a step up for them. Cracker of clean. And that's true. Jail probably be a step up barber. Which would say... It's a little bit surprising. Right. Bitch. God, do we hate her or what? Oh, man. She's a nasty. Oh, just like the comment about the dead soldiers in Iraq. Why would I want to waste my beautiful mind thinking about things like that? Don't confuse this bitch with a truth. Okay. That was your first lady. That was when we were really starting to go in on the crapper. And we can thank Jimmy Carter and his p.n. brother for that. Man. He was European. Yeah, he was p.n. In fact, every time Jimmy saw me said, oh boy, I hear European all over the place. He said, well, gentlemen, times to begin rolling out David, come on. What do you mean when you got a beer named after you? And it looked like Tilla. What can I tell you? You know, when you're like, does it, by the twelfth pack and the twelfth pack? Can I read this or what? They're just going to keep like, you know, me down that evil path. You see, this is the guy that everybody should be upset about as little as you are. He's the one that writes all those nasty bits of book. I'm going to say, now all of them into being. When you told me that, I really had a chuckle. You and I only wish that we had the ingenuity, the sick mind, the right to kind of stuff that he does. Yeah, they put the fun and fundamentalist. I mean, the lines that this man, although Kijey had a good one there about the dolphins. Yes, he did. They're only good for what. They're like a tampon. They're only good for one period. They only have one. They have no second string. That was good. Nice going to our KJ. He's probably been hanging out with Book of Brian Lee. His brain is going to turn to Jello. It's going to start rotten to late. The federal government plans to begin building on debit cards were $2,000 each through the tokens of hurricane Katrina Homeland Security Department Secretary Mickey Chirtoff described the plan in the conference called with say the officials yesterday morning. The unprecedented cash card program initially will benefit stranded people who have been moved to major rescue centers such as the Astridome and the Astridome is under lockdown mode right now, but nobody still seems to know what that means. They're going to start issuing debit cards. That was for adult yesterday at the Astridome. So Kathy Walt, a spokesman for Texas Governor Rick Perry. Although the latest I heard on that, it was totally disorganized and everybody's like, you know, wild about it and total chaos. The cards could be used to buy food, transportation, gas and other essentials. A code of a state official was on the call and requested an unlimited because the program hasn't been publicly announced. The available money, $13 billion in all will be distributed from the federal disaster relief on said FEMA spokeswoman Natalie Rughal, she said FEMA was sending a predestration center in the house and shelters in Houston and Dallas were evacuees could get the cards. FEMA is working the set of several registration centers in shelters across the country. evacuees can, well, I'm not given that number. I will have our people be calling it number to give cards. The cards will be issued on a one-for-house old basis. Open only the victims were forced from their homes during the hurricane and Sanctumath. As a safeguard against fraud, FEMA will be used aerial photographs to divestate their risk to verify the refugees were indeed forced from their homes, and cases where they can't provide documents to prove their losses or identities. Oh boy. How do you prove your loss at this stage of the game? When 60% of the city is still underwater, how do you prove your loss? We've got a huge population of people that have been evacuated with very little by way of positions and we have to have a way to make sure these people can function rules and if there is those out there who are going to cheat the system, it's going to be very disappointing but the main goal is to get the aid out. And of course, two grand, actually, really, these people have no homes, no clothing, no one nothing, no part of your territory. That's really big. Yeah, it's a start. So we're making a proof that their houses are completely destroyed or whatever they are, who they say they are. See that roof there? Yeah, that's mine. Oh boy. Zyne America, baby. It's really kind of a scary. I think I think that series that ParvNet merges is right. We got a lot to be scared about. This is Neil Roderys. This is 5168. Good morning Americans. It's Paul's RV. Stand by for news. Andy Johnson from Chicago, Illinois, went to Spain to attend a bullfight. Afterwards, he went to a nearby restaurant in order to specialty of the day. The waiter brought him two balls on a huge plate, which the tourists ate with the next day Andy goes to the same restaurant. Once again, orders the specialty of the day and is brought to large balls on a huge plate. And it tastes grumpious. The third day Andy goes to the same restaurant and the fourth the same. But on the fifth day Andy goes to the restaurant and orders the specialty of the day and they bring him two very small balls on a giant plate. Andy says, well, what gives the waiter says in your the bullfighter does it always in the whole RV. Good day. I thought that's been in right when I story about the Australian. It's a 33. I never had to put in relish on him. 27 till noon a Q.A.M. Right. Marine downrights hunted by hesitation. Everybody in this audience. Well, I mean, except for those small handful of people to the right of the gang this con loves marine dog. Don't they? Yes. Well, we put our articles on our website, which everyone gets on to including this one. The number of reads on there is just sensational, fantastic. I'm sure that at least a bunch of people are going to go back and look at it. About thirty men. About five. We'll go back and look at that power of nightmares parts one, two and three and sit there, glue that their computer watch all three parts from the BBC. That's where it's at, man. They're lying through their teeth. Your country, I hate to write the news to you, which is why you have two fixed elections back to back side by each. It's been taken over by a bunch of right wing lunatics. By a bunch of people was saying that everybody is a pervert. Everything is a immoral and the only way that we can bring morality back is by having the neo is con. And part of their whole con, by the way, is the religion thing. So it fits in like a rubber glove in your recto-iness. Marine dog says it took a while, but the president finally figured out a response to the destruction of New Orleans. Later this week, no point rushing things. WD is dispatching, thick chaining to the rancid lake that was once a romantic city. The vice president's long and long last lumber back from Wyoming vacation and reportedly from shopping for a two point million, two point nine million dollar water from the state and same Michaels, a retreat in the Chesapeake Bay where Rummy has a weekend home where wedding crashes was filmed and where rich lobby is tunt. Maybe Mr. Cheney is going down in New Orleans to hunt looters, or to make sure that Halibutans look at a contract we build a city as watertight, or maybe since former senator John Brovell is in it, described the shed and perished as banged it under water. The vice president tends to take his pal Off-Ment's alibi or long for consultation and destroying minority rights. The water that breached in New Orleans's levees and much the middle people homeless and jambuses also breached the White House defenses. Rielle is come flooding in. Since 911, the Bush administration has been remarkably successful at lowing off the reality-based community as it terracively calls the press. The reality-based community. But now, in WD, Mr. Cheney, Laura Rummy, General Richard Myers, Michael Trudeau, and the rest of the gang, tell us everything's under control or cities or a safe, state-of-course, who believes them? This time we can actually see bodies. As the water receives, more and more decaying bodies will testify to the Calisons-Stumble-Bum and Administration response to a Katrina's route of 90,000 square miles of the south. The Bush administration bungled the Iraq occupation, every year, throwing away state-of-parmac occupation plans and CIA insurgency warnings. But the human told of those mistakes hasn't been as viscerally evident because the White House pulled a curtain over the bodies. The presence of what the dephenorals of soldiers and the Pentagon has sensed the coffins of the day coming home and never acknowledges the number of Iraqi civilians killed. But this time, the bodies of those who might have been saved between Monday and Friday, when the President failed to rush the necessary resources to a disaster that is own general discrabzes, biblical, or even send in the Abysackanir border, floating up in front of our eyes. New Orleans, literary lore and tourist lore was its fascination with the dead and undead. Its lavish annual Halloween party. Its famous above-ground cemeteries, its love of vampires and voodoo and zombies. But now that city is decimated, reeking with unnecessary death and destruction, the restless spirits of Norwegians will haunt the White House. The administration's foreign policy is entirely constructed around American self-love, the idea that the U.S. is superior and that we're the model everyone looks up to, that everyone in the world wants to have what we have. But when people around the world look at Iraq, they don't see freedom. They see chaos and sectarian hatred, and when they look into the worldings, they see glaring incompetence and racial injustice, where the rich white people were saved and the poor black people were left to die hideous deaths. They see some conservatives blaming the poor for not saving themselves so much for WWE's culture of life. The president of one reelection because he said that the war in Iraq and Homeland Security Department would make us safer or hogwash. WWE's 2004 convention was staged like the Magnificent 7, with the Republicans swaggering tough guys for Moody, Julianne and Arnold Schwarzenegger to John McCain writing in the save and imbattle town. These were the steely-eyed gunslingers we needed to protect as they said, not though a mysticified, girly men democrats. But now it turns out that WWE can't save the town, not even from hurricane damage that everyone's been predicting for years, much less from unpredictable terrorists. His campaigns present to the arch of his life story is that of a man who stumbled around until he was 40, then found himself and developed like a leisure-like focus. But now that people in the worldings need an arc, we have to question the president's arc. He says, ARK, first in the ARC, he's stumbled in Iraq and he's stumbled on Katrina. Let's play the blame game. The man who benefited more than anyone in history from safety nets set up by family didn't bother to provide one for those who lost their family. How well she puts her on, safety nets provided by his family. Even though he failed in everything he tried, it's pretty hard to go to Texas and fail in the world business. He did kind of hard to have somebody hand you a baseball team and fail in the baseball major league baseball business. He did. And anyway, this story will make your blood curly. You're going to be so peeled. You're going to, because you said you didn't hear this. Can't wait. Not long after some 1,000 firefighters sat down for eight hours of training, the whispering began, what are we doing here? As New Orleans mayor, Wayne Nigg and tweeted on national television for firefighters, his own exhausted after working around the clock for a week. A battalion of highly trained men and women sat idle Sunday in a muggy Sherwitt and hotel conference room in Atlanta. Many of the firefighters assembled from Utah and throughout the US by the by FEMA thought they were going to be deployed as emergency workers. Instead, they've learned that they're going to be community relations officers for FEMA, shuffled throughout the Gulf Coast region to disseminate fires in a phone number, 1,861 FEMA. On Monday, some firefighters stuck in the staging area. They shot and pierced off their FEMA issued shirts. Stuffed in backpacks saying they refused to represent the federal agency. Federal officials are on a polygetic. I would go back and ask the firefighter revisit his commitment to FEMA. The firefighting in the citizens of this country said FEMA spokeswoman Mary Houdak, Houdak, the firefighters released the fire chiefs to assign them to the conduit line of Newwood, the assignment would be Houdak said, the initial call to action very specifically says we're looking for two person fire teams to do community relations, she said. So if there was a break down in communication with the police, they're on departments. On fire chief from Texas agreed that the call was clear to work as communications officers, but he wonders why the 14 of the firefighters FEMA attracted to Atlanta are being put to better use. He also questioned why the West Department of Homeland Security, which FEMA is a part, hasn't responded better to the disaster. The firefighter, several of whom are from Utah, were told to bring back tax, sleeping bags first aid kits and meals ready to eat. They were told to prepare for austere conditions. Many of them came with awkward fire during expected to wait in floodwater, sift through rubble and save lives. They've got people who are searching rescue certified, paramedics, hazmat certified said that Texas firefighter, were sitting in here having a sexual harassment class, while there are still our victims of the Louisiana women contacted yet. The firefighter was encouraged to superior's back home, not to send a more volunteers for now to climb to give his name because FEMA has warned them not to talk to reporters. On Monday, two firefighters from South Jordan and two from Layton headed for San Antonio to help her, keen evacuees there. Four firefighters from Roy, awaited their marching orders, crossing their fingers that they would get to do rescue and recovery work rather than paperwork. How do you like that? They're sending around pushing papers. Hand in out fires. Here's the number to call. Have a nice day. These are the best. These meal rotors. What? They're this. These five. Six week team. Ladies. I'm going to go go go go. My ambe has adopted still no worse. Football team. Absolutely. There are every gamblers. I dare, there are every foot piece dream. Take dance for rent. Touchdowns, not even one field goal. And when you say my ambe, you're so often toilet-folder-sare. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Some birth, many teams in the lead. Better to. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Don't set on demiol always lose. The dolphins can't beat anyone can't even beat the Spread. I wish that this one party would come back from the dead. Six havens, and practice while he wears that stupid hat. Tell and up like their last head coach that loser day once at And there, but my ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Some birth, many teams in the lead. 32. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. I'm a staunchuahababu. Some dolphins are enthralled, but lots of legal strides. They're tied and like so were duped by beating up this wife. At the team are criminals, the other have sun drugs. And this is what will happen when you drop the bunch of bugs. And there are, I ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Some birth, many teams in the lead. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. They really are a mothy crew. But dolphins have no blocking. They've got no passing games. I've got just one suggestion. They ought to change their name. To the my ambe-toffers. And why do such a thing? They're good for just one period. And have no sense string in there. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Some birth, many teams in the lead. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. I'm a fan-speak into blue. My ambe-toffers. But dolphins have no balls except all ones they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it. It does matter. It's been never has another talk. It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up this open. They're up. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. My ambe-toffers. Now they're blue. I'm a fan-speak into blue. I'm a fan-speak into blue. We've got 432 votes. We've got a Shanna 400, Josh. We've got a lot of people who are playing with the most. I'm not going to hold on names in here because most of our men are audience. They might be known as hanging out with any white guys. Black guys would be kind of cool. White guys, that sounds kind of like gay. Bill Clinton 130. Hundred and one. John Stuart 42. John Stuart 42. Jim Manich 42. Neil Rogers 40. Hugh Heffner 28. George W. Bush 22. George Rod Reagus 13. He knows where the good crap is. Yeah. Brad Pitt 11. Right there on the street corner by the barbershop. Gorbid Al-A, Tom Brady 7. Yolli 5. Look at that Gorbid Al's right on Brad Pitt's ass. Yolli 5. Hank Goldberg, the Humber 5. Sean Penn 5. Book a Brian 4. You could rub his ballspot. Peter North. Peter North 3. You could rub his. You could massage his ego. Yeah. If you're rosin house 3. And we can't go. Okay. Kid Rock is better pair. I have no idea why. John Grooton 2. Don't chew it or two. M&M 2. And Dave Manich use one. Well not know why people want to hang out with Kid Rock is what makes me the crusty old fart that I am. I'm saying, how to touch. Oh, I don't know either. Well, and of course, look at you. You're right at touch also. What a hell do you know about Kid Rock. I mean, these side effects. Well, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get songs. But that doesn't make me want to hang out. Like what? Oh, you know that one. Yeah. Kid. Yeah. Now, here for those of you who are wondering about the comedians and female, although I probably see him, I'm remiss. I should take a lot of call here today. Although starting Monday, we're back to our five day a week schedule. You're as truly that's right. Oh, we're just rumored by. Oh, we're just rumored by. Dammit. And you're as if it's usual sensational job. By the way, that's what I'm hearing. That's what somebody said. Do do do do do do do. Go to the Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to see a path. Okay. Matthew McCoy. You let you still have play a bond goes and talk it up. Okay. And he rest you. He's dark. So we like a lot. And that's his movement, if I can say that. His overtures and statements that have inspired George and yours truly by way of that to do our thing with our best of the LCDs that we haven't come out a couple years with those. And so we'd like to raise some money for that organization because, you know, everybody in their brothers raise some money for the people, which of course is the first priority. Obviously, and we encourage that. And hopefully the American Red Cross, which we have their link on our website. Hopefully this time, unlike after 9.11, we'll come back hundreds of millions of dollars that people are sending in saying, oh, well, this is for fighting terrorism, which is what they said before years ago. That was a bad. So I was a little bit reluctant to put that on her, but that's, you know, that's first and foremost as far as we're there. And I guess there'll be under a lot more scrutiny this time, hopefully. And there will put the money out to people who need it instead of like saving it to fight the invisible terrorist empire out there, the evil doers. Let me kill you. Hey, how are you doing? How are you doing in the mail? Pretty good, pal. Hey, you know, it was very interesting that you just said everybody's raising money for all the people who are putting to barred portion of their all going to make out so much better than this. Well, yeah, they're going to be in heaven. Absolutely. I'm sending them my old crap. You know, one man's crap, another person's treasure. Right. But one for your poll, Richard Branson. Yeah, you could apply a version. Absolutely. Okay. Have a great day now. If I keep telling, I'll hit his airline, which you're brand. Somebody's a very innovative guy. He's a clever guy, you know. He would probably pick up the check. Yeah. Well, you can see that your choice. Either him or your rumor. Five, six, five, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, hundred, singular, horizon, wireless line. Hockey, see the exhibition, the scene starts September 18. Oh, man. I bet you you're all pumped up about that George. You know it. Yeah. In the Stanley Cup playoff. There's your good buddy, Joe Bullon, talking about the bunch of stuff. How's it going, Joe? How's it going, eh? WQAM, hello. Oh, for Neil, good to hear some of you back. And back to you. I had one for your poll, I hanging out with white guys. I'm not quite a comment. That's cute. He was arrested as though. He was arrested as Polo, a lot of guys like hanging out with him because they want to share. He don't share though. I don't. He don't share. There we go. Hey, y'all, my name is Lance. A new Jean Thomas, friends of which is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's lots of people's out there that they just got. I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college. Yeah, they went there to buy a pen, Joe. They took me to the middle of the business. You know, I said, you know, the norm that we are. Did they don't think I fit to be on the Supreme Court? Yeah, I got to muss. That's what it's going to get out of here. I won't sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There we are. I mean, don't get it right. And I soak it to the east. And I soak it to the west. And I soak it right. I look up, send the deal, kind of. Yes. I mean, don't get it. That's all right. I remember this. I'll bury you when I tell you. Jose, and mayonnaise is going to be the one that the bush, the bush master's going to pay to fill in sandwich. And I'll give you a little bit of some of these elevated Jon Roberts to be the Chief Justice. The Chief Nasi. You don't mean torture. Why do you do that? Torture money. That's right. And so now we get a torture on the Supreme Court. It'll be great. So yeah. So... Zyna America, baby. I'm seeing an O Canada. Welcome to QAn. Hello. Yes, I want to see a poll. Good. Tomish Rob. The real white man. Tomish Rob. Hello, good to see you. I don't know who Tomish Rob is. that Charles Robb who's Thomas Robb google it you'll be surprised okay google Thomas Robb what is he a clansman or something when he says a real white man I get real nervous about that google uh he's a Robb our will be be boobler right there about be be verboso all I get is Rob Thomas Rob Thomas said I want to hang out with him all brother five here that's song one more time I'd like to have some with the Santana Rob Thomas and Santana and don't tell me oh god I hate that thing what smooth as what about his words or frauds and oh god I hate that if you don't we have a we have a bit on a doing yes we did it it is yeah it's called smooth trust me get out in here okay what would better stop that right there we'd have to joy see for us people yeah kind of out now went about us the real work oh what we don't want to hear that for sure WQAM hell hey hang this hang 10 or just hang from a tree would be good WQAM hello Kelly slators number one put him on there alright Kelly slater little bit uh probably old and craggy by now with thing hey by the way you're fairer Kelly slater now he was uh was he married to or just hanging it with your girlfriend their Pamela he was speaking to Canada I only think she was married to a terminally oh no I don't believe that so I'll be not here flop at around the table he was flop at around with under support yeah with Kelly slater boy you think that somebody looked like he was a lot better tasting that well I was back in the day when she looked somewhat human even though even then you had this revulsion gust of it yeah grow test and grossed out nauseated just the way there's there are some people who you know even though they be very good looking uh you can overlook that before she started plasticing out and right before she started bursting at the seams well I'm not hiding from fact that no time or real or a sarcastic bit I tell you one thing she's no they've had hassle hop have you seen him lately not over well yeah you know one of the most annoying people in the world but lately he worked up like a beach whale this is the meals right and everybody you know Mary what's up and for our email you know russian laden and I like scrubbing my snowy dream house with soap made from jewels and listening to the name okay I'm gonna use the hour good morning I'm honored by the support of my fellow citizens whatever our past is agreements we share a common enemy or children and grandchildren and together we will promote disease and hunger and poverty not just elementary schools but the whole nation I will do all I can do to get rid of needless people to make this nation stronger and better we must continue tyranny and terror and we must take practical measures to encourage frivolous lawsuits and are driving up the cost of health care and hurting doctors and patients we will first of ear until the enemy is defeated and our nation is safe from development and progress thank you for listening you Look like the Flakero's eyes. Now, Trump's a funny role-ball. Father, for Shaxfadi, tell me nice, for the otherwise not foul. You're not flinching me a lie, you're not flinching me a lie. She raised more grip in the clouds. Father, for Shaxfadi, tell me nice. Now, do you know what? Let's keep this easy, old and proud thing. And she raised more grip in the clouds. Take the trousers, and take some grip. So I gave one, and said, hey, why so much? What's like he's married in a full and full between the sides of the town? Fudge down the night, and he doesn't meet a poor. I've let people wait for a lie. That's what he did when the when she taught. Father, for Shaxfadi, tell me nice. We gave a short point, and Shaxfadi, to the front of the town, and we brought a place to be rich in fat. And now, just my close eye, and so far, I'm a big half. Father, for Shaxfadi, tell me nice, for the first time, and I'm a fat baby. But I'm still looking high. I'm pretty boy, I got my thumb right on it. Do I know my crap or what? Remember the guy called in there, right in the key sound of guidance, Thomas Robb, and we all said, well, who that? Yeah. And then Josh did his usual mediocre job with Google in it. What did I say? I'm a woman, what did I say though? I don't know, with the glory. I said, it sounded like probably some based on the soul of the voice. Right. So I googled it, and I found out. Thomas Robb is an ordained Baptist minister born in Detroit, made him moved to Tucson, Arizona, with his family when he was a young man. Thomas Robb became actively political, when he was 17 years old, speaking out against communism. He began publishing his own newspaper when he was 19 called the Torch, which he still publishes today. After graduating with a bachelor theology degree here, and his doctorate under private tutelage, Mr. Robb and his wife, Muriel, who makes a hell of a cigar by the way, and they should have moved to Harrison Arkinsaw, a friendly place sent her to locate in the heart line of America. Y'all. Mr. Robb has been a powerful scope for the past 30 years. Lost to the moon. They white rights movement. He's been featured in newspaper, Jadi, Aldi, History, Channel, etc. And Newspapers magazine wrote his tactics of purity affected in Montgomery, Alabama, clan watch believes Ram is the most successful recruiting Grathson's David Duke. In the London Sunday Times, they wrote in the accomplished and charismatic speaker, Robb is viewed by civil rights experts as the most dangerous of the new breed of white supremacists, because of his communication skills, full of clan vision, and his oppressive ability to cope the underlying message of hatred and intolerance, and an evocular, of a reason and logic. Then, Levitance, of the Center for Democratic Greenland, and Landa Jodges, said Robb is a master of medium and impolacy, constructed a wealthcraft and successful marketing strategy for the clan. And Dr. Edfield published an editor of the Truth at last newspaper, said, Today, there are numerous clan groups, some only existing in single communities, other state water operating in several states. There is long-clan leader is built a true national clan organization. This is Pastor Tom Robb. Today, he carries on more widespread activity than any other clan leader we know of. Rob is an excellent speaker and leader. He is a true man of God. We wholeheart, this is Truth at last, who wholeheartedly under the civil-legged, endorsed Pastor Robb. Oh, brother. There you go. Well, white Christians, that's what he devotes his life to. Travels all over America, speaking up for the rights of white Christians of rise. What do I say? I'm not a Shylao Combs, but man, I put the pieces of that puzzle together real faster. What? Even though I know nothing, I'll tell you that right up front, I know no squad. I do know that this Sunday, the real-dolphin's pregame show with the mad dog appears live from the El Palacio Sports Hotel, Kornak County Lion University. We don't have two guys, we couldn't afford him, but we got the mad dog and some real broadcasters. Listen all day long to win passes to see the mad dog and attend the Picardy VIP tailgate party. Those were, you know, throw back a few green lizards with the mad dog. Time to kins. Well, or those two. Although, well, we're not going to tell them what kind of bearded rank like that it channel, sending my walk out. I scored our mad dog, see those I got with balls. Now, let me tell you if you're wondering, how come they mungle it so badly, Mickey Browne and Browne? Hound? Yeah. The three top jobs at FEMA, the federal emergency management agency under President Bush went to political cronies with no apparent experience coping with catastrophes, says the New York Daily News, even if Bush would have fired and battled and suddenly invisible FEMA director Michael Brown over his handling of hurricane Katrina, immediately below him as no disaster professional either. While Browne ran harsh shows in his last private sector job, FEMA's number two man, deputy director and chief staff Patrick Road, was an advance man for the Bush County campaign in White House. He also did short stints at the Commerce Department and small business administration, the SBA. Roads biography posted on FEMA's website doesn't indicate he has any real experience in emergency response. In addition, the agency's former third ranking official deputy chief staff Scott Morris was a PR expert who worked for Maverick Media, the Texas outfit that produced TV and media spots for the Bush Cheney campaign, and June Morris moved to Florida to become FEMA's long-term recovery director, so good luck to you folks. The Bush administration is apparently transformed FEMA for a professional world-class emergency responder into a dumping ground for former campaign staff and political hacks said representative Carolyn Maloney. FEMA also was hampered by several medieval and regional director jobs. I would say media will have a slip of the tongue, but appropriate. A middle-level and regional director's jobs currently held by acting directors. Just like our military, FEMA should be immune to this kind of political staffing. It should be run by career emergency response professionals Maloney V. San. Traditionally, the Commerce and Labor departments have long been Washington's dumping ground for presidential pals and campaign operatives, not the disaster relief agency. Government sources blame Bush's first FEMA director Joe Alba, with turning FEMA into a pay-finite chop. I got a rich story about him too, the leader. He's making money. He's making hay off of this disaster. Alba was chief of staff and Bush with Texas Governor. Later, head of the 2000 Bush-Cheney campaign, he stepped the deck with political appointees and eligible source set of all-bought, who had a reputation for running an efficient FEMA operation until he left the job March 2003. And like I said before, downtown Mickey Brown, Brownie, whatever you call him as an ambassador, he was Bush's roommate in school. I like that. His bunk buddy. Yeah. That's why you see all this bunk in the name of action. And I'm going to tell you Senator Mary Landrowish, it can't write in the middle of the break when they were showing a clip of her in the Senate. She ripped Bush and the median ass. The likes of where you have never seen that size. Even Oprah don't have an ass that big. Even Moe Vaughan don't have an ass. I'm trying to think anybody. Even Mickey LoL was student having ass that ass. Even Ted Rodriguez when he was doing roads and having ass like that. Notice how he lost 600 pounds when he stopped taking roars. Yeah, he's about my side now. Yeah, he's like a Mickey and he, he, he, uh, Mandy Bell size. Yeah, he, he, he's like the shrinking invisible catcher. Yeah, he stopped eating McDonald's. Yeah, that must be it. By the way, if there's a movie, you don't want to see it. What's the name of it again? Supercellity. What a show. All these documentary is most of Marseau very good including that power of nightmares, which I really wish a lot of you would watch here. It's on our website, parts one, two and three, one of those, but first of all, the whole premise of it was so ignorant to begin with. Is it some great surprise? It's like, it's like if you ate a gallon of ice cream, you're reading it. That's all you ate. Oh, you're going to get sick and you're going to die. Or what a shock. Well, I'm working on it. What a shock. No ice cream yesterday. Good. Thank God. That's why sounds so good today. See, and now, it's good that I'm going back in the five of days, five a week. Whatever that is. Because this guy's going to knock is me a chance to screw around. Because I like like now until Monday, I got no show. I got a four day holiday again. But I'm not going to do it because I got to, I got to give myself into working shape. I got to go into training. What was I just saying about Mary Landry Oya? She was great. I wish to help. I remember about it again. What? Something about her ass. And right. And everybody's amazed. Your major ass and rightfully so and about FEMA not knowing about those 20,000 people who can mention Senator Till Thursday afternoon. Michael Shirt off should have been fired right there on the spot. That's funny. Yeah. He should have been fired right there on the spot. How could anybody, even if anybody there if FEMA have a TV set? Oh, God. Well, they probably have the game on it. Now what game is that? The game of the game. And again, this being played at the moment. Oh, brother. Or maybe just war games. Maybe they're planning for Iran next or whatever. My favorite night. Or Iran might take a few too many troops or kind of tied up in Iraq nowadays. How about library? Publica, didn't mean a con. They can't fight back to it. It's easy. Maybe we'll just go into Haiti kind of straighten that mess off. They would left there. I doubt it. In fact, you ever, what New Orleans is right now is probably very much like parts of Haiti. Wouldn't you think? Sure. They got the food do. You know, they got the, and Haiti. They got the voodoo in New Orleans. They got the doodoo. One white man, would you like to hang out with the most? That's our full question. We got four hundred and eighty votes. We got a charter five hundred judge, Curtis. Honey, I like that. No problem. You, you, you have little faith. Five hundred votes during the show. That would be massive and vivid would be gigantic. It would be like oozing pus. Like what's coming up in two. Bill Clinton 146, Jim Managed 48. John Stuart 43. Neil Rogers 41. Two half-ner 36. George W.26. Says Coleman 20. Michael more nineteen. Horkey Rodriguez 17. Danny Boyvory, oh 16. You'll have to get your way. You'll call your way over at Pope first. He's got divs on Danny Boyvory. For Petruly. Brad Pitt 13. Goor van Almine. Hey, Gore. You're fairie. Hey, go over seven. Tom Brady 7. Goor van Hanks is tired with Tom Brady. I like you a lot. You're great guy, but if I had a choose. Yellowie 6 Sean Penn 6. Booker Brian 5. Don Schuola 4. And we take Laci. This is got four. Dave Matthews 3. Kid Rock is got three. Peter North 3. Drew Rosenhaus 3. How about Joe South or Peter North? That's right. Joe South is black. Those John Gruden 2. And then two. And Kelly Slater and Matthew McGonney are tied. They both got the big. Although Papa's been having a big. Oh, my self. I'd rather have a Kelly Slater quite frankly. Haven't seen what he looks like lately, but probably not too good. Who Kelly. A little bit burned down. He probably got that leather, you know, from all that sun, the surface. Like a kind of leatherier like Ron D.A.S. The sun fried life. Hey, if you're looking at the mirror and wondering where the hair went, and you don't have no mole. Well, here's the answer to you. And that's called my good buddy Chuck Alphay Erie. Charlie's been helping everybody. Guys would loads of money and guys would not too much money. And everybody in between because no matter how much you got, you can't get a better looking ahead of here than the one you get to the natural heliom system from Charles Alphay Erie. For over 30 long excruciating years. But 30 minutes. Charlie's been helping guys look their best. Don't forget now, the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin-like natural hair system is 100% un-etectable. Looks like the real thing like hair growing out of your scalp as opposed to all the rest of the alternatives which you know how grotesque and humorous those are. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. Like I always tell you, and I've been telling you for many years now, you have nothing to lose, but that's shiny, ugly bald spot that makes you look about 20 years older than you really are. You try Charlie's system for a month, for about 30 days. Not 30 minutes. And after a month, if you don't look fantastic, if you don't love the way you look in the field, if you're not given pot and clot at and doing all kinds of stuff, return it for a full refund. So like I said, nothing lose at all. Make the call to the day tool. Free and tell Charlie, you heard about it here on the New York Times. You're shown to you. You're a summer special QAM 20 on this cut off. They're regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. Here's that number. It's 1-800. 3-21-24-13. 1-800-3-21-24-13. Or you can get more info on the wicked web by tickabyea-logananda-chills-alphayerie.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5-62A. Luis Miguel, play a baby. You're fair. What should nor do the city of New Orleans? A student. Yes, some of the people down there say he failed. Stop the people in the astrid don't like cattle. I'll have the national guard once in Iraq. He's a funding for their levies. Loot is called sing and arty. In a robo we made our favorite deal. Inserts were never the only way. One white girl we trained a rape. A leave an ass for help from the Navy's Seals. George Bush was a case in a man Crawford. I guess it's year-to-earth be no mighty grunt. Girls gone wild needs. The city of New Orleans. Or the half-jazz and the filled food is wrong. I'm dying out of here. 20-pash new. It's 5-60, nobody QA. Anyway, here's that article I was telling you about by Jim Lobb, who writes for alternate. Okay. And it's Leo Strauss's philosophy. The sixth. Now probably everybody at this point's going to tune up. Leo Strauss, why don't we hear about him? Who the hell is that? Does he make those levies? Yeah, more and tougher. No, different guy. But this is what's taken over your country. And like that power of nightmares says, there's really two basic forces in the world right now that are war with each other. And that is the neocons and the Islamist of Fanatics. The Islamic Jihadists. Yeah, with us in the middle. And we're stuck in a middle with you with Jews. I mean, that's how I'm stuck in a middle with Jews. Yeah, that's a KJ bit. Oh, I better not play that. Why? I don't know. For squatting table Jews, what do you think? Oh, hey, I'm stuck in a middle with you. Oh, hey, I'm stuck in a middle with you. Oh, no. I don't know why I came here tonight. I got the feeling that some pretty right. Put on a Yamaha curtain, don't take it off. If you see your Rabbi say, Marital Tom, you see your Rabbi say Marital Tom, She walks to the left of these pots instead of right here. I am stuck in a temple with Jews. Okay, that's enough for that. That's great. What would you do if you wanted to topple Saddam Hussein, but you're in tells and agencies couldn't find the evidence to justify a war? A follower of Leo Strauss made just her the right kind of men to get the job done. People with the intellect, of humanity and if necessary, the political commitment, political skills and above all the imagination to find the evidence that we're in tellsants of officers couldn't detect. The right man for deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz, and just see more Hirsch in his right. Let me say it again. In his recent New York article entitled Selective Intelligence, was Abraham Scholsky, director of the office of Special Plans, O.S.P. and agency created specifically to find the evidence of WMVs and or links with all kind of pieces together and clinched the case with the invasion of Iraq. Like Wolfowitz, Scholsky is a student of an obscure German Jewish political philosopher named Leo Strauss, who arrived in the US in 1938. Strauss taught at civil major universities including Wolfowitz and Scholsky's alma mater, University of Chicago, before his death in 1973. Strauss is a popular figure among the Neocons, and her and some his ideas include prominent figures both within and outside the administration. They include weekly standard editor William Crystal, his father and indeed the godfather of the Neocon movement Irving Crystal, the new Undersecretary Defense for Intelligence Stephen Campbell, a number of senior fellows at the American Enterprise Institute, home to former Defense Policy Chairman, Board Chairman Richard Pural and Lynn Cheney, and Gary Schmidt, director of the influential project for the Neumuracon Century, P-NAC, which is shared by Crystal Younger, P-NAC, keep it in your mind, okay? Keep saying it to yourself over and over again. Go online, let it down, check it out. Project for the Neumuracon Century, P-NAC, and read about their plans to invade Iraq long before 9-11. And how they needed an event kind of like a Pearl Harbor event to make the public willing to let it happen. I just insert that myself. Strauss's philosophy is hardly incidental to the strategy and mindset adopted by these men. This is obvious in Shulskies, 1999 essay titled Leo Strauss and the World of Intelligence. As her, her snows in his article, Shulskian is co-authored Schmidt criticized America's intelligence community for its failure to appreciate the duplicitous nature of the regime's ideals with. It's susceptibility of social science notions of proof, and its inability to cope with deliberate concealment. They argue that Strauss's idea of hidden meaning alerts one of the possibilities that political life may be closely linked to deception. Indeed, it suggests that deceitness is the norm in political life and the hope to say nothing of expectation of establishing a politics that can disference with its exception. It's hardly surprising, and my Strauss is so popular in an administration of sex with secrecy, especially when it comes to matters of foreign policy. Not only did Strauss have few crimes about using deception and politics, he saw it as an necessity. While professing deep respect for American democracy, Strauss believed that society should be hierarchical, divided between an elite who should lead, and the masses who should follow. But unlike a fellow a lead, like Plato, who was less concerned with a moral character of those leaders. According to Shadi Adrui, who teaches politics of the University of Calgary, Strauss believed that those who are fit to rule are those who realize there is no morality, and that there's only one natural right the right of a superior to rule over the inferior. This dichotomy requires perpetual deception between the rulers and the rule to coordinate Ruiri. Robert Locke, another Strauss analyst, says the people are told that they need no and no more. While the elite, who are capable of absorbing the absence of any moral truth, Strauss thought the masses couldn't cope, if exposed to the absence of absolute truth, it would quickly fall into nihilism or energy according to Ruiri, author of Leo Strauss and the American right. According to Ruiri, Strauss had a huge content for seconded democracy. Naziism, he believed, was a nihilistic reaction to the ear religious and liberal nature of the Y-Mar Republican. Among other neo-conservatives, Erving Crystal is long argued for a much greater role for religion in the public sphere, even suggesting that the founding fathers of the American Republic made a major mistake by insisting on separation of church and state and why? Because Strauss' view of religion is absolutely essential in order to impose more law on the masses otherwise will be out of control. At the same time, he stressed that religion was for the masses alone, the rulers need not be bound by it. Indeed, it would be absurd if they were since the truth were claimed by religion way, as far as fraud. As Ronald Bailey, a science correspondent for Rez Magazine points up, Neo Conservatives are pro-religion even though they themselves may not be believers. Secular society in their view is the worst possible thing for recess because it leads to individualism, liberalism and relativism precisely those traits that may promote dissent, that in turn could dangerously weaken society as ability to cope with external threats. Bailey argues that it is this firm belief in the political utility of religion as the, as an opiate of the masses that helps explain by secular Jews like Crystal and commentary magazine and other Neo-Conjurals have allied themselves with a Christian right and even taken on Darwin's theory of evolution. Like Thomas Hobbs, Dr. Steve, that the inherently aggressive nature of human beings could only be restrained by a powerful, nationalistic state. Because mankind is intrinsically wicked, he has to be governed, he once wrote, such governance can only be established over when men are united and they can only be united against other people. Not surprisingly, Strauss is added to it to inform policy was distinctly macavolian. Strauss thinks that a political order can be stable only if it's united by an external threat to rewrote her book. Following macavolian, he maintained that if no external threat exists, then one has to be manufactured. For a perpetual war, not perpetual peace is what Strauss he has believed in, said rewrote. The idea easily translates into in her words an aggressive, belligerent foreign policy of the kind that's been advocated by Neo-Conjurals like Peenack and AEI scholars, not to mention wolf of what's other administration of Hawksworth called for a world order dominated by US military power. Strauss' Neo-Conjurals students, the foreign policy is a means to fulfill a national destiny as ever in Crystal Define in 1983 that was far beyond the narrow confines of a myopic national security. As to what a Straussian world order might look like, the analogy was best captured by the philosopher himself and one of his and student Alan Bloom's many illusions to bell peppers travels. In Verra's words, when Lilaput was on fire, Galavor urinated over the city, including the palace. And so, doing, he saved all Lilaput from catastrophe, but the Lilaputians were outraged and appalled by such a short of disrespect. The image encapsulates the Neo-Conjurals and the new conservative vision of the US relationship with the rest of the world, as well as the relationship between their relationship as a ruling elite with the masses. They really have no use for liberalism in democracy, but they're conquering the world and the name of liberalism in democracy. Fuck your phone, he's like, a bunch of liars, a bunch of lunatics, a bunch of crazy people, okay? Playsy people, I can pup. Yeah, I'd like that. Oh, show me. Leo Strauss. More people know Levi Strauss than Leo Strauss. I still like his music though. Like his jeans. 28 pass no in their five, 60, 70, QAM. I like to watch more people die, especially if they're not lied. Bring all the naps to go. He's a brother, he's top. The shop dances with the devil. I'm not a living. All you've to cherish. I thought I was choke and shurped. He did gotta Religion sc dish. That's where the guy was born and the man opens his mouth with aマ. He did Wonder Peach tassels with the devil. Yeah, I'd chat in the face. We do do the audition, trust the dm. Raise your hand. I'm learning to teach the works to use with the help of counting you. I'm always doing a sheet that you'll ever need. So I'm saying I should waste the devil because that's the luck of the tendency to use with devil. That's the disadvantage with the devil. Yeah, I'm a king of fools. I got nothing that lives well in that I'm saying with the devil. I'm a king of fools. I have a place to send up Presidente. Next time we have another natural disaster. I'll book our radio. It's probably for a speaker of that. It's speaking criminals. I'm going to let it get up now. Thank you very much. Hey, where are you? Welcome, my dear Jenny. Good morning. Good morning. That article, I just read Leo's Transpogen Loeb. Yeah, and we had that on our website or not. There originally was a written May 19, 2003, but we printed two days ago on alternate.org. Did we have that or not? Josh. Pretty sure if he's in it to me. It's up there. No, no, I don't think I sent it to you. That's what I'm saying. No, it's not up there. Don't get defensive now. I'm going to start getting all defensive. If you sent them, I'll put it. Yeah, some very defensive. Not me. So I just emailed the T again. You can put it on either for today. Yeah, or tomorrow. Because I think they're probably some people want to like read it. Put it out. Make eight written flyers of it and put it up on trees and the place that I've been classrooms. Things like that. Because in order to understand what that was really going on in the US and in the world today. And how we got to where we are, you have to understand Leo's throughout. So he wasn't who these wolf-wits and parole and rums filled with all these other crazy people are. Who have put us in the pickle that we are right now. So keep in mind. What had gone ahead? Said a lot of stuff that we already knew, but it was nice to have it confirmed. Yeah. Yeah. You know all about Leo's droughts? No, I don't know about Leo's droughts. Well, I don't know about Leo's droughts. But Leo tells you where it came from. The idea of where the roots were. You know, not roots, but roots. It's obvious that it'll really believe any of that religious hulcom. Right. But they don't have it anybody. Let's see. Just tune in from Chicago. It says Brian on the net and listen to some of my movie sports talk on there. Oh, listen to that. I love it. This is really cute. To try to listen to some sports talk on her teens. Well, guess what? You're talking about the wrong hurricane to Jack. You're a moron. You're an imbistly. So, instead, I get nearewrived your stew and some liberal bleeding heart political agenda. What gives and not sports related. Thank God for that. Does anyone interested in sports want a tune with sports station for biased, left-wing conspiracy theories? Get a freaking clue, people. Well, that's why we've been number one for how many years in town. 30 years. Do idiot Brian. Stuck there and liberal Chicago. Boy, you must really be a self-hating man. You just surrounded by all those liberals there in Chicago. I hope Mayor Daley ferrets your ass out. And sends you to. I book your ass in the shape. Idiot. Tune in to give some sports. Yeah, talk about that hurricane. Well, guess what? They played a crappy game. They lost 10 to 7. That's all it needs to be said. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. You know, that's one of the reasons that sports talk is so pondrish man. The same old tired swirl over and over again. Let's see. Here's what it says. It fact says. I swear. I just heard this live on CNN during interview with Dictingly. This astrazon. A passive by a yel. Go eff yourself, Mr. Chanigua. Eff your say was loud and clear on live TV. I'm saying, yeah, I'm saying to you out there in Chicago, Brian. I'll take it back because you don't have the equipment to do it. The interviewer said, Mr. Vice President, are you getting a lot of that? Mr. Chanigua said, that's the first time I've heard it. I love line TV. And by the way, George Bush doesn't care about time people. How do you like that? I'm sure what Chanigua said to him. Not the other way. Oh, I'm sure it's not. George Bush doesn't care about black people. I think Patrick Lee, he probably told him that a couple of times. After he told it to him first. Remember that? I do. Yeah. It's all ties Dick Chanigua. Maybe. You follow any below anyone, but the biggest curse ever to come down the pipe. That's with a P. Gay rights supported, this is my grind-happy in Chicago that a dollar was gonna veto that bill in California. Gay rights supported, tiered loudly, from the gallery of California lawmakers, became the first of the country to approve a bill lying same sex marriages, but there's a celebration maybe short lived or that short lived. Short lived. May I see you, I need to. The legislation will be vetoed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who is expressed in the expressed in the acceptance of the marriages, but said it's an issue that should be decided by voters of the courts. He will uphold whatever the court decides for the longer we did Thompson said to the Tuesday after the State Assembly approved the same sex marriage measure, 41 to 35. The Senate had approved it last week. A state of public court is considering appeals of lower court ruling that overturn California laws banning recognition of the marriages, and opponents of the same sex marriage are trying to qualify initiatives for the 2006 ballot that would amend the State Constitution to ban those gay marriages. The bill's supporters compared the legislation earlier civil rights campaigns, including efforts to eradicate slavery and give them an right to vote. Do what we know is in our hearts that the bill's sponsor San Francisco Democrat Mark Lennow, or is that jail and all, make sure all California families will have the same protection under the law. But opponents repeatedly said that the public's vote five years ago to prohibit our true approved Prop 22, which prohibits California for recognizing same-sex marriages performed in other states and countries. And that's the issue that the arm is going to veto the bill, even though, of course, he's very broadminded, white broadminded. You do understand. I do. Sorry for spewing all those liberal propaganda by the way. Wait, I was just that the guy said that one day when the SWAT team member that killed that the, he was a young guy, what did he call me? A left wing spin, spin my sister. Yeah, let's spin this, okay? You joke. It's not that. Hope you're really proud of the fact that they went in there and killed some really hardened grugta. 23 year old guy, good guy. Anthony, whatever is live, we shouldn't dilute the water, whatever is lasting. I guess, well, well, let me get different now. Yes. That's America for you, baby. We got to get those pot smokers. He was a drug dealer. He had a freaking scale. This is meal ruggers. This is five, 16, two, five. This is, ah. Oh, yeah, man. Our home and the earth. My golden feet will not kill the world. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. So, what's happening? It's me dear. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. welcome. Welcome. welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Among the deceased's founders in ancient times of history. We live. This is a greeting for the family, darling. Welcome. Welcome. Look at the new children. The 45 is 560WQA and I just looked at it the fact that it wasn't from anybody in Chicago. That was a fake fact. Yeah, because it's a 305 number on it. You're phoning number, scribbled out. 305. Last time I checked 305, I made it in Chicago. In addition to which that was from all your friends across the street over there, it's a ticket. It's fine. We're trying to get even for the fact that we have it in about that called a great read about the be sure and low balled Kimbo camper. I would be surprised if Kim's already been over there and feed all over a jewel fine Bruce head. But it's been low balled before too. Yeah, I wouldn't surprise me. Probably by Maddie Bell. But at any rate, that's what that was. Oh, yeah, we're going to get him. We're going to show you. I talked about the hurricane. Well, guess what? It's Thursday. He was on Monday and I got last Thursday. I heard. Wasn't the game Monday and I just had a lot of 10 to 7 in town. I asked him. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's a good news, Stale. We're really sorry for a jewel. Other than Joe Rose, you couldn't find any real broadcasts to put on a year. That's really sad. No, you got two vats. That'll have bastard. Anyway, I have this huge pile here and I totally that'd be for. And you're the Rambo Lord. Rambo Lord, right now. Can't. You're the Rambo Lord. Carl Abinian writes the unfailing presence should be held on the can. It should be held accountable. Not that I want to ramble a lot of it. And it's like a left wing spin monster. The novelist, E.L. Dr. Rowe, once said a George W. Bush, he is the president who doesn't feel. He doesn't feel for the families of the dead. He doesn't feel for the 35 million of us to live in poverty. Bush is disconnect from normal human feeling. His general lack of seriousness and abysmal leadership skills have always been evident. His response to the reason Hurricane has only highlighted them. What are the consequences of our fake or whole Bush accountable? Bush's demeanor has been eerily upbeat. This thousands of corpses flowed through streets of New Orleans. He said a one recent speech. The good news is, and it's hard for some to see it now, that all of this chaos has been a fantastic self-coach like it was before. Other rubble of tread laws house, he's lost his entire house. There's going to be a fantastic house, and I'm looking forward to sitting on the porch. The emotional disconnect runs in the family. After viewing Hurricane evacuees at the Houston, Astridum, the president, and some other barber board said, so many of the people in the waiting here, you know, were underprivileged anyway. So this is working very well for them. If any of us ever doubted that empathy and mature seriousness are necessary character traits in a political leader, few doubted now. This is a very interesting story. The first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the people in the city were in the city of New Orleans, and the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the people in the city were in the city of New Orleans, and the second thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened was that the first thing that happened were floating through the city's ground streets, people are killing themselves in despair. At least one of the city's evacuation shelters, people were murdered and raped including one child, tens of thousands of them for days, among raw sewage and suffocating heat with virtually no food and water, and no help from government officials. While the suffering went on, Bush made one flipping remark after another, and did lighthearted photo ops. He fell back on Carl Roven's spirit's spin, warning that his critics should avoid politicizing the hurricane tragedy as if covering his own tracks were his primary concern. After the misery and death was preventable, articles in the New Orleans Times Pickey and revealed that Bush cut funding for the Army Corps of Engineers' projects to strengthen a raised New Orleans lovies despite the papers repeated warnings that disaster flooding was certain to occur. The paper reported it was a matter of when, not if Levy and Prima would be needed. The Times Pickey and reported June 8, 2004. It appears that the money for the levees had been moved in the president's budget to handle Homeland Security in the war in Iraq. Bush also undercut the authority of FEMA by shifting into the Department of Homeland Security, thereby weakening its effectiveness in preventing catastrophic hurricane damage. Despite these facts, the administration's spin has been as if they couldn't have done anything in advance that might have helped alleviate the massive loss of life. The spin has also been that the president will later conduct his own investigation to determine what wrong, wrong, wrong, is if the above information weren't already widely known. We don't need further investigation to show that Bush bears responsibility. For the first two days in the crisis, Bush pitled around his ranch. He gave a speech comparing the Iraq War to WWII and laughed while playing guitar with a country singer. He gave a silly out of touch speeches saying that one press conference on the 4th after the flooding began, hopefully most people have gotten themselves out of Roost and have been picked up. But as I said, rather than giving away guesstimate, I can tell you that as long as there is someone on the roof waving a flag, we're going to be sending a helicopter out there to get them. All Americans who voted for Bush and those in Congress and mainstream media placed confidence in his leadership should remember this fact. The signs were there all long that this man didn't have the metal acumen or death needed to leave the country. People laughed when warned that Bush would only serve as an ill-informed figurehead, delegating all responsibility to others. It turns out the president isn't even good at delegating considering, for example, the performance of his delegate ahead of FEMA. Many media opponents insisted Bush's ludicrous nature and in curious nature and figured it would be widely or reflect deeply wouldn't be necessary in the president. However, a veteran formed more thoughtfully to have had to disaster what he did the disaster warnings, and I could quickly say thousands of lives. As EL Doctorer wrote the president, we get is the country we get with each president, the nation is conformed spiritually. He's the artifice of our mediable national soul. He proposes not only the laws but the kind of all in this lawlessness that governed our lives and evoke our responses. This president doesn't know what death is, he hasn't got the mind for it. You see him joking with the press, pureing under the table for weapons and mass destruction he can't seem to find. You see him in rally, strumming up to the stage and shirt sleeves to the roar of carefully screen crowds, smiling and waving, triumphal a heman. He doesn't mourn, he doesn't understand why he should mourn, to mourn as to express regret and he regrets nothing. He doesn't regret that rather than controlling terrorism is worn or racked as licensed it. So we never mourns for the dead and crippled youngsters who have fought this war of his choice. He cannot mourn but is a figure of such moral vacancy as to make us mourn for ourselves. As we mourn the unnecessary desperate on by Bush's Iraq war and the preventable that's caused by the recent hurricane, we need to remember that far too long Americans cuddled and enabled us on feeding emotionally disconnected light weight in competent president. The blood on his hands is also on the hands of any people who knew what he wasn't supported him anyway and no amount of carol robes spin or Republican talking points can change that reality. Bush supported us say now as they've said since Bush first seized office that their critics should be silent. They say now isn't the time to address the Bush administration of this conduct regarding that hurricane. Would this be a bad time to bring up the fact that the majority of hurricane Katrina's victims were African Americans who were living in poverty? Martin Luther King said in his letter from the Birmingham City jail, we will have to repent in this generation not merely for the rich relic words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of good people. Knowing what we know about Bush's character and failed leadership silence would again be in appalling option. Thousands of lives might have been saved if we'd held this unfailing tragically in that present accountable a long story. And you are. That's the way this correct time is. Amen. This is a more right way to spin for you. Okay. For Joel Fine, we're gonna lose who's over there and at the whatever the thing is. Okay. Oh, is it the buzz? I thought it was something else. Oh, the spin. Oh, and say, what the wings spin, myster here on QAM. Now this story here, and the astro-mistill law in lockdown mode. And this is what they're wanting to get. These American Red Cross debit cards. We understand that the American Red Cross is offering somewhere up between $350 at the two. It's a chase master card, by the way. You got to get in line to get these debit cards. And you have to also prove that you're indeed an evacuee from the New Orleans area. But those lines are incredibly long. We want to show you some video tape of that. Because those have been out here standing in line since five o'clock local times this morning. And actually there are two separate lines. One line for people who have filled out the questionnaire and have an actual appointment to get these debit cards. Another line are for the folks who basically heard about this information and wanted to get in line with the debit cards too. So we have a lot of progress going at the same time. I think Ryan Popier, a lot of people who are going to get one of those ovens, though, too. The Rotisery, Rotisery, yeah. I don't know where they're going to plug it in or where they're going to put this to get it. Well, whatever. It's pretty sad. You know, it's not bad enough that these people were like disparise and the world has been out there all lined up like cattle. Nevertheless, officials and Texas are planning to clear out and close the astro-mount of the temporary shelters. Maybe as soon as next week. Well, then what? Think of the plan. Meanwhile, I'm in allegations that the federal government was sold to be spotted in her can. Vice President Cheney and first lady Laura Bush visiting the Gulf Coast today to assess whether the government is doing all it can. Well, today is Thursday. There's only like water. We can have to go. Yeah, that it hit Monday. We go Monday. Cheney is scheduled as down a level where fairer New Orleans and also makes stops, photo-ops, and bat and rose, golf port and baloxy. And he used and applied him to move evacuaries from the afternoon to two cruise ships in Galveston, Wisconsin, was canceled for lack of interest officials. And forcing the government to search for evacuaries from other areas to move in the ocean liner's cabins. Well, those are the smart people that I want to go on with cruise ships. They've already been through enough without feeding that food and puking their guts out. Again, right? Yeah. Oh, seriously. I mean, who'd have would wind them water wind up on that? They've already been surrounded by water. You know, that's good serious. I don't understand what is the emergency. If it's shut down to keep these people out. Is there like some major, they're like a concert coming up or something. Yeah, what do you know about emergency management? Probably this as much as downtown Mickey Brown. Brown is, is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Oh, this is not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. But in the front, so can't do the bees. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You better get with it, man. Smoking them big fat ones. Gonna get you in big big trouble, man. It's America for it. It's the important stuff. We got our priorities really right on. Don't we? We got to scream out. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 15. to court records. Water and Shiran was cured, 55, 30, 30, 30, 30. First, to a federal charge of possession of child pornography, Shiran was sent for his sister, was arrested to remember her sister. He tried to board a Thailand bomb plane of 30. And I bet Shiran Roddy probably got left from the directions in his will. A luggage service netted photos of shirtless Asian boys, sexual performance enhancing drugs in candy. Customs official said, oh no, a candy. I wonder what he was going to do when that candy said this way. He was trying to find a lot of people. He was trying to find one of the lawletop little boys. That probably sends December 7th, but they did a little of an infamy. Shiran's father, Walvis Shiran, flew into America's space missions and his son turns out to be a space kid at all. We can say you're fair. Anyway, should we take another call or two or one? Because I don't know. Do it. Well, I mean, I just don't have a lot of time to be doing that stuff. I got like this. No, I got important stuff. I got Miramar Commissioner saying no to Walmart after residence protests, which I know is one of your most, you're sure. You know what? I'm going to say you know what? I'm going to say, please, please just punch about that. You know what? WCQ I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Yep. Michael Jackson. Yeah, okay. I have another one for the full since his audience hasn't been very creative. And he's going to get some votes to Rob Marciano, the weather dude from CNN. Who was running around last week with his shirt every day is another button open. Another one. Pretty soon he's going to headlight. I was a president of his pants open. I was hoping. I'm going to say Rob Marciano, good looking dude. Nice guy. You know, just a kind of guy like Galatina with you. Sit around talk about CNN. Rippinass and Volosivis, they're like a lute dobs and millplus creek and of course, bubble hit what's your name into the blind at night? Oh, you're not heard. Oh, you better get your bimbo's right. Right, Mister because you sure don't have. I don't. I don't don't have a grasp on it. Just read it. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. I want to pull the first. I would actually like to take a moment to thank the red cross because it was president Bush's idea to expedite their lines and just mail those cards to those people's houses. Yeah, there you go. So, you know, that's a bad idea. My both of the polls is Mister Bob Hammerkin because I like to discuss affected there are the people besides Army teams and the righteous by this. That's a fucking new case. Yeah, wait a please. That's that miss fits we used to work in magic because every couple of months and rightfully so because Bob Hammerkin is a real cool. And Ricky ticking by the way, don't like he either Bob. I don't want to get him in any deep due to it because we like Ricky ticking a lot even with the camp. But he's nauseated playing the stick and righteous brothers in the same old tire, oldies, over and over. How about something exciting like like this? I know you want to. I'm going to tell you I'm going to go out to them. I'm going to get you that to movie. Really? I'm going to send it to I'm going to do that. I'm going to put acetate because it's just I know you'll enjoy. You'll appreciate you like the music. I love when you see the movie and it's just I can't even describe it. It's just so great. Okay, you're like it. I'm going to go out and get it free today. You'll have it here. The shocking incompetence of the Bush administration, they won FEMA concern was to convey a positive image, right? Ted brightest of the associated press. How do you like that? That was the important thing. Can convey a positive image. The government's disaster chief waited until hours after her king Katrina had struck the Gulf Coast. Before asking his boss to send the thousand homeland security employees to the region and gave them two days to arrive according to internal documents, downtown Mikey Brown, Mickey, whatever his name is, Michael Brown, director of FEMA, sought the approval from Homeland Security chief Mike Churdo offer up for five hours after Katrina made landfall August 29. Brown said that among duties of those employees was to convey a positive image about the government's response for victims. Before them, FEMA had positions smaller rescue and communications teams across the Gulf Coast. But officials acknowledge two day that the first department wide appeal for help came only as the storm was already raging. Brown's memodicure office grabbed Katrina as this near-canist traffic event, but otherwise lacked urgent language. The memo fully ended. Thank you for your consideration helping us to meet our responsibilities. Their responsibility being of course first and foremost to convey a positive image. Ain't we looking good, huh? Good job Brownie. The initial responses of the government and Brown came under increasing criticism as the breadth of destruction and death grew. President Bush and Congress yesterday played a role in the federal response. Senator Susan Collins, the whiny Republican senator for Maine said government at all levels failed. Let's go to show with her and meet a cause beyond together. Yeah. Get you guys ready for marriage. Whole land security spokesman Russ Nackie said Brownner he's related to our new rockney. Russ Nackney, ever seen anybody was Nackney? I see some boldly good. Yeah. Said Brown had position front line rescue to the federal workforce to support the rescue established communications and coordinate with victims of community groups Nackney said. Instead of wrestling people recovering bodies, these employees were focused on helping victims find to help they needed. He said there'll be plenty of time to assess what work and what didn't work Nackney said clearly there will be time for blame to be assigned and learn from some of the successful efforts. Brown's memodicure employees that among their duties, they would be expected to work. FEMA response and recovery operations are a top priority of the department and as we know one of yours Brown wrote to Ture off he proposed sending a thousand online security department employees within 48 hours and two thousand within seven days. Nackney said they 48 hour periods existed for the online employees both to ensure they had adequate training they were training to help the lifesavers Nackney said. Employees required a supervisor's approval in least 24 hours of disaster training in Maryland, Florida or Georgia. You must be physically able to work in a disaster area without refrigeration for medications and have the ability to work in the outdoors all day Brown wrote. The same day Brown wrote Ture off, Brown also wears local fire and rescue departments outside Louisiana Alabama Mississippi, not the sin trucks emergency workers infantry disaster areas without an explicitly quest for help from state of local governments Brown said it was vital to coordinate fire and rescue efforts. Leave it in a help of job to that's where we saw those buildings burning for days. Yeah. Meanwhile the airline industry said the government's request for help evacuating storm victims didn't come until late Thursday afternoon. We said again the airline industry says the government's request for help evacuating storm victims in coming till late Thursday afternoon. That's the same afternoon that Mickey Chirt off. I'm going to discover that there were like those people who convention said are rotting and dying and starving and the. Pollution James May president and air transport association said the whole nine security department called into asking if the group could participate in air look for evacuees. Some of called on bush to fire Brown and attorney in political appointee who came to FEMA after a virtual tenure stint of the international Arabian horses association. It's only qualification for being director of FEMA is he was Bush's roommate in college. Critics say the Oklahoma lawyer lacked the professional experience in season needed ahead the federal agency responsible for delivering emergency relief to victims of everything from floods wildfires and earthquakes to terrorist attacks. At the horses association was in charge of investigating complaints about horse showed judges, stewards and trainers, some of whom were accused of giving the police officers a report. The police officers were not allowed to recognize drugs that would enhance their performance. He also handed down discipline. He raised the arrow many of the horse breeders and owners and was named the numerous lawsuits by those unhappy with his actions. He couldn't even have a land. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi said she told the president he should fire Brown. The president thanked me for my suggestions he said. The president said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He said he wanted to be a president. He began to change his tune. I'm certainly not integrating the efforts of anybody. You're told reporters. I am satisfied with the response. I'm not satisfied with all the results. After that Bush lifted it was working hard. Mode praising every government official and set including FEMA Director Michael Brown who trained for the job as ZAROV the International Arabian Horse Association. Browne you're doing a heck of a job. President said he had another instance of Bush putting personal loyalty and GOP fieldy ahead of confidence. There's enough blame to go around for everyone. And certainly the ineffectual governor of Louisiana and the mayor of New Orleans who come from mandatory evacuation far too late deserve their share. While the bodies of victims are still being discovered in that side and identified it's unceingly do much finger pointing still, there are some fundamental truths that can be named. Katrina and his aftermath showed all two graphically that the membrane between order and energy is a thin one that can quickly be breached. It showed that for all the fine talk about compassion of conservatism, the Bush administration really practiced a social Darwinism. For all the fine talk about fostering an ownership society, those who own the least suffered the most. The affluent and mostly white population was able to get out of town on its own. The mostly black and poor population could not or would not. And it's the image of their suffering faces that is seared in our collective memory. They didn't get help soon enough because of their politics. This wasn't a blue state red state thing. It was a race class and poverty thing. And mostly a black thing given that New Orleans is about 70% African-American. The slow initial responses reinforced for many blacks, these suspicion that they met or less to the administration and whites and there's evidence to support that suspicion. Bush cut short another Crawford vacation last March to fly back to Washington several days early to lobby for the Terry Shival Bills. Chew! And the early event President got up at 1.29 in the morning to sign it in the law. It took him three days to get on TV and see anything at all about the Gulf Coast tragedy and five days after he hit the Gets in New Orleans. Once there he didn't set foot on the convention center where superdom. He tried to repair that PR damage during his second visit on Labor Day, but the laying on a presidential hands while comforting the sum wasn't what these restrictions needed. The death toll won't be telling for some time but it will be staggering. Contrasted to the death toll in Cuba when Hurricane Ivan, a category five storm pounded the arm in the last September, not one Cuban died. Granted when the Castro government orders people to leave their homes and see shelter they must. They'd better. But what did it say when a third world country won by a despotic tyrant can better shelter with citizens in harm's way than the mighty US? The harsh lesson of Katrina, like truly is a nasty, brutish and short thing if you're poor and especially if you're black. It will help in a crisis but only when it gets around to what gets used to it. It's a lesson that the Great majority of Americans reject and will say so when they vote in the next few midterm elections. After a long string of demoralizing blows to our national psyche, Katrina is the Kudegra. We've now passed the tipping point or at least the Bush administration has. That's one of my foot. I thought he was exciting, huh? Yeah. It's my man. 114 in 5, 60 WQAM. TV's got a new schedule. Yours. On the man is an exciting new feature that's been added to Comcast Digital and you can try it today for only 29, 99, a month or three months. Comcast on demand puts TV on your terms. Now you can choose from a library of shows with over 3,000 hours of free movies. TV shows, kids show sports and special interest programs. From a variety of TV shows in the life through charge-stray, humongous library of movies that you used to pay for its video store. Comcast on demand will really change the way you watch TV. Plus you can start them on every like whether it's 917 in the morning, 1123 at night or week from Shivouis whenever. Plus with HBO on demand you can have an entire library of programming of HBO original series and movies, ready to your fingertips. All free with your subscription to HBO. And don't forget about control with on demand. You can start. Stop. Pause rewind and fast forward programs using just that remote control. So if you only have basic cable of this year, we'll be missing out. Make the move to Comcast Digital cable with a power of on demand called 954 Comcast or 305 Comcast that ain't get Comcast Digital cable and HBO for just 29, 99, a month or three months. Certain restrictions apply call for details in day 305 Comcast and in Broward 954 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. The Robert. I'm playing an out of town old time on business. Whatever I was looking for is good sports talk radio station and having to find Neil Rogers. The honor for you is that it is very pathetic. And this guy is, I mean, if this is all you got in on sports talk radio, it is horrible. So I definitely try to find somebody who is hired as for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. Just tell him one day we all face the board. So the Ray who's having a great day. Bye. I've got another obsession to pray. No way. Neil got. I'm a neighbor. I don't want to come home late. Friends soon. Put on season again. It's really soon. Because then I fell into bed. The bed. The bed. The bed. They go on the tube. The tube. Because then I fell into bed. The bed. The bed. The bed. The tube. And my wife tries to watch it gets going to be nice. Which of these players are now coming out? So I'm a father. I can't describe how much I'm having. How much I'm having. Which player will get afraid? And this player is afraid also. I'm not sure. I could check. Well, I think you're pardon? You're the Patriots, man. Come on. Yeah. And our tune in guide has been given me a strong dance about how the readers are going to win and kick their ass. I sure hope so. You sure hope so, my ass. In fact, don't worry about how many zeros in that exercise because it's going to be a different kind of a check. If you don't want kind, it's invisible. A black check? Yeah. That's exactly right. A different kind of black check. Okay, let's see. I'm looking at this. This is bad that you don't know that. For NFL season opens today, Boston Globe. I figured it might be a good play. No, okay. I don't want whatever this thing. I don't want to see a video. Oh, geez. I don't want to see all this. Although it is time-braiding naked when we take a look. So I don't know where that came is. But the important thing is, of course, at one day, we'll all have to face the Lord. I just couldn't resist playing that. It's at New England. I told you, it's at New England. Peace of cake. It is a blessing name that a bunch of you can't hear from them. My socks would say, put it on the board. Well, he's up noxious. You know, like I go again, criticizing, knocking stuff like that. No more that. Oh, speaking to him. Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean yesterday, sought to turn the chaos of Hurricane Katrina. Anyway, benefit for Democrats. He cried with public impurities and telling black pastors and Miami that raised play the significant role in the storm's death toll. Lesslie Clark, who wrote this for the Harold by the way, you ought to be in Abugar Radio. What a joke. Socks have turned into a benefit for Democrats. Dean's remarks to the National. See, this is in line again. If you criticize anything that the administration does, whether it's in Iraq, whether it's their handling of the hurricane, though anything, your partisan. You're partisan, you're turning in politics. Right. Dean's remarks to the National Baptist Convention of America, came as Republican National Committee Chairman, Ken Melman, is made out reached the black say priority, meeting across the country with black community leaders. The Dean and remarks interrupted several times by applause, charged that Republicans and Congress and the Bush administration haven't done enough to combat poverty. The pictures of primarily black storm Iraq, who eased, Hubble at the Dane Superdom and stranded on rooftop to ensure the ugly truth. The skin color aging economic play the significant role in who survived and who didn't. The question, 40 and 50 years after Martin Luther King and the civil rights movement is, how could this still be happening in America, Dean, said he later added, we haven't swept poverty away in this nation. We simply have swept it under the rug. I was going, how are we? Senate Republicans are returning to the capitalist week, Dean, charge for more interest in repealing the inheritance tax for the wealthiest Americans in the hurricane relief. The estimated 750 billion dollar across the task that he said it would be better spent rebuilding the better delcoats. And of course, he's usually, he was. Absolutely. Because that's the problem. You know, the Democratic established, we don't want to use a little bit too a, you know, too outrageous for us, how much of the truth. That's why you can't stand in our Dean, because you can't handle the truth. You losers. I want to say important urgent facts. Moving announcement from Jean, one of our regular facts is this couple of tall and what does that mean? Moving announcement. I don't know. A couple of thoughts to the forefokes in Houston have the move to Bush's Crawford Ranch where it can set up a tent city. Why if he can be the school mom, the twins could run the night life? Oh, that's right. A lot of experience of that. Those booze it up twins. Well, they're just getting it out of their system, you know? Just like daddy did a few years ago. But, Jean, you could get a multi-billion dollar contract for Halle, a burden to run a water pipeline to them and so on. And Pat Robertson would be in charge of donations. I'm sure you could. I'll thank you, Laci. Okay. I would be moved by your moving experience. Okay. Now, we can make 700 votes on a pull here. If Josh would just like start spinning that. We go a little bit. Put his, you know, get the motion in the basket. Why nine to three? You want to sell it on 35 minutes. See, that's a challenge. You know, I could have said we could make 600. But that would have been much of a challenge. When you got 593, you got 35 minutes to go before low. What white man would you like to hang out with the most bill Clinton 165? You have to have 56. 56 has in queue 56. Well, he moved up their France, that's all you. Okay. They want to hang out with the humus, they want to get some of the sloppover. They want to hear the stories and, you know, look around. Who's, who's over here? Who over there? John Stewart 54, where you at? Jim Mandiff 54. When you're Rogers 52, right out of Mad Dog's butt, George W. Bush 29, George W. Bush 29, George W. Bush 29, you're right up there with suds. Birds of a feather smoking together. Michael Moore 21, Dan Marino 19, Brad Pitt 15, Gorbard Al-Liveen. George Clinton is not here. He's black. I still know who he is. Michael Berg A, Tom Brady 7 Sean Penn 7 kid Rock 6, Peter North 6, 6 something. And, in Riqueh, Gracious is got 6. He's right up there with Peter. Yeldy 6, Don Chulof 5, Vokobron 5, they've Matthews 4, Drew Rosenhaus 3, M. M. 3, John Groeden, Got a pair and none yet for Kelly Slater, Matthew McGonney, who robbed Marciano. How do you like that? You know that Pat Robertson's already been Speel and which I can't find a story on it. He was already Speel and others, the Labor Day weekend is traditionally a big gay weekend in New Orleans and they have the big guy parade and all kinds of things. And he's already been Speel and others. This was God's punishment for all these, You're fair. Oh God, this is me, Roger. Still been this is by 62 gay days. Gazzles, I think, for a point. I went to Dolphins training camp. I asked Nick Saven who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will it be Sage? Here's what Nick said to me. Gazzles for a ride. Our starting QB will be. I think we'll have big buries with a ride for a ride. Just to wait and see. I saw an exhibition game watching him play with a bike of a dream. I saw him from the feet of the ball. It made me want to scream. Gazzles for a ride to go. Whatever it is you need. Your often says gone to sing with the rock for a ride. He can't sport you do. Just for a ride for a ride. Me and Y are the team. If you play for a ride, you will be starry. You're fair. 133 of QIM. The more mice are a two-man dog at four. Now here's an article from the CNN website. So it's not like some left wing spin-mister. It's some right wing spin-mister. FEMA accused of flying evacuees to the wrong Charleston. Yeah, I was originally that yesterday. Okay. It was a whole story about saying, It's not that long of a story. It's not fair on a health officials and his colleagues. Scramble to the when FEMA gave only half our notice and pair for the arrival of a playing carrying as many as 180 evacuees to Charleston. The only problem is it landed instead in Charleston, West Virginia, for a hundred miles away. It wasn't no other arrangement to be made to cure for the evacuees or transport them to the right destination. A call seeking comment from FEMA was not returned. They went to Charleston, no wife Virginia. It said she was in South Carolina. Well, they're a little confused. And speaking of FEMA and their incompetence, they were ineptage and it did quite a great work by Brownie. Found. A Canadian search and rescue team reached the flooded New Orleans suburb to help save trapped residents five days before the US military got there. They were Louisiana State Senator Saviest today. The Canadians beat both the Army and the federal emergency management agency, FEMA, the US's has to be sponsored by Permanent. But in our parish east of New Orleans, where flood waters are still eight feet deep in places, the city's said Senator Larder Bosos. Fambilus, fabulous guys, Bosos. They started rolling with us and got in boats to save people. We've got Canadian flag flying everywhere he said. The strict in Persia of 68,000 people was largely ignored by US authorities who scrambled against New Orleans a few miles away. Residents about lying Persians had to mount their own rescue and relief efforts when Hurricane Katrina were to sure August 29. Also said US authorities began air dropping relief supplies to San Bernard last Wednesday. The same day the Canadian rescue team of about 50 members arrived from Vancouver. Nearly 2200 miles away. They just chartered a plane of flu down. He said two FEMA officials reached the parish on Sunday and the US Army finally got there on Monday. He said, Why does it take them seven days to get the Army and he asked? He speculated that the smaller Persians have heard because the focus was on New Orleans, the famous homo jazz and martygra. As for the Canadians, Bosos were being thanks for their quick work. They were so glad to be here. He said they're still here. They're actually going door to door looking in the attic for people to rescue. So thank goodness for all those Canadians and these 76 other countries that have offered their aid in the systems. Although Bosch turned down Hugo Chavez and also cast the base. Oh, we didn't hear nothing from him. He's just making that all up. We don't think he's funny. Yeah, nothing get a panic. Sure. Now this is going to get you very angry. And by the way, before I do this story, please, please be sure and send a telegram to the White House thanking the President for these very low gas prices. Oh, God. I'll do record. 65 bucks to fill the right. Pretty soon you've got to have to mortgage your house. You're going to have to sign over documents in order to figure gas tank. What do you mean? So, El President, they thanks a lot. Is what America ought to be saying. How to be on their hands and knees. On October, excuse me, getting ahead of myself. On September 1st, just three days after Katrina struck the Gulf Coast. Top executives at Shell World's Texas headquarters took a pubic stand against gasoline price-gouging. We encourage our whole sailors and do this to practice restraint during these periods. The press released from Shell said the company even urged the public to contact local governments to feel a gas station observing a price that's out of line with other stations in your market. That same day, Motiva Enterprises LLC, which is Shell's oil refining subsidiary, take the wholesale price of gasoline for shell dealers throughout the Bronx by a whopping 20 cents a gallon according to company records obtained by the New York Daily News. Those records show that since the hurricane disaster, Shell has increased gasoline wholesale prices on six different occasions for its bronze dealers. On August 31, the company hiked the price twice in the same day, first to three and a half an oon, then at six PM, these oil companies are out of control said of Edwin Shell dealer in the Bronx who is furious at the company's tactics. There's no supply problem said the dealer, who has not to be identified because he values his life. Shell's just forcing us to raise the price. This gas would be fine more than a month ago, so why charge people more for it? It's just greed. There's that ugly five-letter word that makes the world go around greed. Even the price of Shell gas depends on the neighborhood. The Shell station on these 230-thirty North Bronx, the pump price of premium gas was 351 yesterday, while at the Bartholabino station in co-opsity was 389-38 cents mole. Oddman Moosenib, the manager of the 230-thirty-thirty-thirty station told me there had been a price increase in the last three days, but a Ralph Shell station on Brookner Boulevard and Castle Hill Abidou where a premium yesterday morning was 350-9 a gallon. dealer Nancy Sumpen-Ruther said, she'll notify her by email to the night that her whole set price would go up 20 cents a gallon starting 8 PM yesterday. How is it possible you might ask for a little company to charge its own dealers in the same borough, different prices for the same gas? The practice is for a more commonly realized, since they the Sumpen-Ruthered Brotsky is called Zone Pricing, he said. Your old companies are forcing dealers in Sumpenib to charge higher prices. These are artificial increases not related to supply and demand. In other words, price is gouging. When in doubt, come like your eyes, when in doubt, gouging them out. Brotsky is introduced to the law, but it makes Zone Pricing illegal. But no one in cover to protect these administration or city hall seems to be paying much attention to these outrageous gas prices since the hurricane. Senator Chuck Schumers about the only one to speak out. Elliott Spitzer, the attorney general looks to make big headlines, slapping the rest of the week, cruises A-Wall while all companies pick the pockets of millions of motorists every day. From here, says the article Wang Gonzalez, David Newscom, as he says it looks like all companies are exploiting Katrina more than Enron in the gas companies did during the California Blackouts of He Years Back. A contacted Charles Henkord as yesterday asked about its supply and demand situation in the impact of the hurricane on the price of its oil. A spokesman referred me in an email to a company website. On the website, notice that Shell, which has thousands of employees and three refineries in the goug co-theria, had announced that it's donating all of $3 million in emergency for hurricane relief. You should know that during the second quarter of 2005, the World Dutch Shell Company reported a profit of $5.2 billion, a 34% increase over the same period in 2004. In other words, Shell is donating a little more than one hour's worth of last quarter's profits for the hundreds of thousands of homeless in the Gulf Coast, meanwhile in the Bronx nearest poorest borough. It's not the price of its gasoline six times in 10 days. Thank you, Mr. President, and go to hell, you folks at Shell. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. The first time I've ever seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. I've never seen a big deal, I've never seen a big deal. In humday for you, all my WWE boots may be improved. What if we hit 2.6 million so there's a beautiful heart. We won't be out there, much more. 6 to 85, we're not going to make that 700 bicycle. We'll have ties to work overtime, that's bad, you know? That's impossible. One, equal pi, you can extract $14. We're going to grow 85 more votes, you're dreaming sweet heart. You're in a dream world. You've got other roles or your future. I think you have been hanging out too much with Day Vale and Voring. no chance, we've got 6 to 50 million 38 they're pouring in by the ones you know 62 votes in 14 minutes it's like four yeah Four minute I mean you should be able to do that if we got anybody out there really is motivated Really cares it's not that important of a poll anyway Plus so you know if you guys out there you want to hang out with some white guy you're fair It's probably bad for your image Harold Meyerson writes and the Washington Post the stuff happens presidency We're not number one. We're not even close. He says I which measures precisely do we lead the world caring for our country men you just a first-class Physical infrastructure tell that to New Orleans throwing so much money at the rich that we've got nothing What they would have promote the general welfare now you're talking the problem goes beyond the fact that we can't cut on our government to be there for us in catastrophes it's that a can't do a spirit a shouldn't do a spirit guides them in who run the country Consider the congressional testimony of Joe Alba George W. Bush's 2000 campaign manager who assumed the top position of FEMA in 2001 He characterized the organization is an oversized entitlement program and counsel states and cities to rely instead on faith-based organizations Like the salvation army and the men and I disaster service is it any surprise then the administrations are we sponsored the devastation in New Orleans is a A piece with its responsibly sacking a bag that once our troops arrived Stuff happens was the way down runs fell described the destruction of Baghdad's hospitals Universities and museums while American soldiers stood around now stuff has happened in New Orleans to even as FEMA was turning away Office of the assistance this is the stuff happens administration and it's willing apparently to sacrifice any claim that America may have the national greatness Redfin and convenes to reach by taxing them to build a more secure nation as a matter of social policy the catastrophic Lack of response into Orleans is exceptional audience scale and immediacy But it comes to caring for our fellow country men. We all know that America's never ranked very high We are of course the only democracy in the development world that does not very help care to with citizens as a matter of right We rank 34th among nations in infant mortality rights behind such rival superpowers as cypress and Dora and Brunei but these are chronic conditions and even many of us who argue for universal health care coverage of grown Inured to that distinctly American and difference to the common good to our radical lack of solidarity with our fellow citizens We side the poor generally have the decency to die discreetly and Discreetly not can spickiously not in droves come rain or come shine we leave millions of be legal to Americans defend for themselves on a daily basis It's just a lot more noticeable in a horrific rain and when the ordinary lack of access to medical care is augmented by an extraordinary lack of access Emergency services Even if we'll never win the national greatness sweep stage for solidarity though we've long been the model of the world in matters Infraestructural and roads bridges dams and like but the American which Eisenhower the good to create the construction be Interstate highway system now seems a far off land in which even conservatives believed in public expenditures for the public good The radical capitalists conservatives of the past quarter century not only haven't supported the public expenditures They don't even believe there were such a thing as the public good Let the Dutch build their dice through some socialistic scheme of taxing and spending that just isn't the American way Here the business government has to let the private sector create wealth even if that wealth doesn't circulate where it's most needed So George W. Borscher would try and zed dollars and task cuts to the wealthy's Americans and what do they do with it? Did the Walton family up in Bentonville raise the levies in New Orleans did the best family over in Texas Red attest to the equitable check to the men and nights for the billions of dollars They need to rescue the elderly from inundated nursing homes even now would be drag-out rescue is pulling decomposed bodies from the muck of New Orleans Bill Frisley moral Cretan who runs the US Senate wanted its first order of business this week to be the permanent repeal of the estate tax Until the public outcry persuaded him to change course He were Republicans for fast belief in trickle down, but they've given us is the flood The world looks on in stunned amazement unable to understand how a once-grade nation is grown so indifferent not just to its poor It's blacks but even the most rudimentary self-reservation some of it is institutional racism But the primary culprit is the economic libertarianism that the president still espouses whenever he sells his social security snake oil It's not libertarianism more than anything else that's transformed a great city into an immense morgue, but hey stuff happens stuff stuff joys 670 votes we need 30 votes in ten minutes that's three a minute We got the eraser down anyway, right what do you got what you got on your thing there and on the whole thing here? Yeah, 671 638 338 Not enough no we need 29 votes by two a clock around going to pee my pants how do you like that yeah 671 2 oh 621 2 3 4 Yeah If these people would get to their computers if they go and steal under something and log out of that thing It's still 601 they're pouring in by the like I said by the ones not happening Here's the appell results so far what a white man what you like to hang out with the most built-foot in 1684 He'll have no 64 and he'll Roger 61 jimada 60 trans newer 58 George W. Bush 32 Sudskolman's got God Michael more 28 George Rodriguez 23 you're ahead of Danny Moreno All right Danny was got 21 Brad 15 Corv. L14 I mean what kind of people what kind of guys want to hang out with Brad P gay Sean Penn nine Peter north eight the Humper's got eight Hank kidrock seven Tom Brady seven Dave Matthew six book of Ryan six and Greek A's got the six Galbi six fan sure to five MM4 grewers now three Kelly Slater two John Grootne's got a pair Rob Marciano The weather dude from CNN's got one and Matthew McConaughey finally had one So I guess on Monday we can Be between now and Monday we can like firm up what we're gonna be doing on the fundraiser with the CDs And by while I've already talked to Miguel more and he's gonna contact them that he made society to make sure that you know They're cool with it know that well, why wouldn't they be cool? Well, obviously why wouldn't they be full of it, but you remember in the past people But that was the religious now see who means society dogs don't have any religion, okay? Just So it's not gonna be like Camilla's house and some some some Barbisson's lame over there And we were like oh, we don't like that picture the guy the horse and say oh, yeah, right But what everything to be all sanctioned and kosher whatever so like by the beginning of the week like I said We'll start working on it right and me while you got the American Red Cross logo there on the top of our way Said and you can start hopping on that and like I said hopefully the money will be spent to those who need it real pronto As opposed to like taking you know hundreds of millions like they did after the after 9 11 And say oh, that's where that money's gonna go to fighting terrorism right 690. I'll be dang we're gonna make it Shocking Oh, she's no The city of New Orleans 714. Yes, some of those people Down there say he failed Stuffed for people in the astrid don't like cattle Wow, have the national Barbados in Iraq Eat the funding for their levies Looters called saying and arties in a room But we made a bigger deal Inserts for never leave home away But one white girl we trained away And even as for help from the Navy seems George Bush was a case in the Indian Crawford I guess that's your deal Be no money, grum A beautiful girl's gone wild leaves The city of New Orleans Or the half-tills that in their field could have farred up John for good 720. Thank you the people who came through that time when you see when you least expected our crowd You know catch your off guard boom That was shocking. We could have probably made a thousand if Joshua worked so damn lazy Right a fox affiliate TV station in New York City rejected a campaign commercial for a Democrat running in a local race in the candidate Ledges because the ad stands out president day the bushmeister the Nazi and chief Brian elder one of nine Democrats running from Manhattanboro president said this week the station agreed to Arizona leading up to the September 13 primary But fox five pulled out of the deal after it saw the 30 second Not third man had which features Bush's head superimposed out of a bear torso as the voice over in tones He claims he and either but New Yorkers know the emperor has no clothes I like to see that but not before lunch Elmer's commercials are already drawn attention because it concludes with a scene which he throws his arm around his partner three years His campaigns says no openly candidates for public office have ever featured their significant others in political ads Elmer said fox told the campaign media advised in the ad by the spot was refused because it was disrespectful to the orifice of the president. Bye bye.