I'm dying on the air. I think we're dying down here. That's what I'm talking about. Well, you got a pretty one coming. How do we thanks for our yesterday training under Mike Maylcom. I heard it. There's more stuff today about what? Apparently there was a meeting of some pro gambling group. And you know what? Well, you talk about a waste of time. You mean about casino? Yeah. I got that story. A little wasted time. That would never happen in this course not. Let's stand for a timer handle it. Okay. Let casino stand waste. I was talking about a guy who's been spending his life walking around articles. Like farting into a windstorm. Man, it's just, you just spurn. Oh, really? There were 175 mile an hour windstorm. Yeah. Well, you know, they keep saying it's not going to be 175 miles. Cause it's got to go over to you, Katan and Yaddi, Yaddi. But what they're forgetting about is that for it passes to the you, Katan and through that wind sure it's set of and so on. Not being a meteorologist, but just have them in through several things lately. Then it gets out of the open waters of the Gulf just like a treated. Yeah. The very warm waters of the Gulf. And then it like makes that right turn heads for Florida. It depends on how fast it's going to. Right. Whether the winds are maintained. Well, they're saying it's going to find miles an hour. Which is pretty damn fast. So the fast record is the less wind shear it's going to encounter. And less of the winds are going to be creased. So they don't know. Yeah. They never come on and say, well, we don't know. Yeah. We won't know until for a couple days. Yeah. Well, Sunday morning. Yeah. And if I were to stand Toronto if I were you. Oh, yeah. We don't have any too many hurricanes here now. Or tornado. Well, we're good. How you taking a ride with me at a town? But well, either get out of the night. If you've got to go somewhere this weekend. I actually don't. Oh. The dolphins are home against Kansas City Sunday. Well, that's going to be really got that game. Wow. If the real Kansas place shows up on Sunday, that could be really you believe, man. Yeah. Yeah. Particularly if Jason Taylor isn't buying. And let's see, Sunday night, the Patriots play somebody. There are some of the week. No. Are they? Yeah. Next week they have a big game against Indianapolis. That's how they played Buffalo. Who plays Buffalo Sunday night? Actually Sunday night is Oakland Buffalo. Oh, Oakland Buffalo. There is no Sunday night game this week. Well, it's easy. At least they could do is have a Sunday night. No, they have a world. That's because of the world series. They don't play Sunday night. Well, lots of world series. They're not playing Sunday night. Well, lots of world series. They're not playing Sunday night. Well, lots of world series. Okay, watch. So Houston and White socks. You think Houston will get over that home run? I don't know. I don't care. Yes, you go. You know, Sunday. At least you know something about baseball. And a lot about baseball. But I have the winters to know. All right. But I have interest in one question. I want to ask you. Yes. Lidge gives up the home run to pools. Right. Is does that put him among the all-time postseason. Tocard? No. I don't think. I don't either. It wasn't the last game of the scene. It wasn't like, no, I don't think so. Why? Who said that? The Harold. Oh, the Harold. What do they know? They wouldn't know what baseball. If you shove it doesn't know. Up areas. Yeah. I would very must be on vacation. A little quizzing because I don't not read any stories. He won't be here to cover the ratings. Huh? You won't be here to cover the ratings. Yeah. And of course we can always come in. You're good friend. Ball hit a time. Jick in a cover the ratings. Not. He hasn't read the story about anything local. Forget about radio about TV in the since. He's a baby. Speaking of local TV, I want to wish I don't do well. Yeah, I read that article about it is going to do his own business. Ed by the way, is a big fan of my show. Good guy. Go and send me a nice thing in a meal. And I just don't know where, you know. I wish him well. He's a very good guy. Good luck to you. Congratulations for getting out of the business. Yeah. Always is a plus. Everybody who ever gets out of this business. Radio or TV always improves. Always is on the improve. Yeah, I'm trying to get the beast out of the business. And he doesn't appreciate. He's never been in the business. He's never been in the business. Anybody in that place has never been in the business. Well, some of us have been, but that's ancient history. Yeah, ancient, be me, operative word. Just come up with those checks, Clarence. It's all I care about. Just come up. Twice a month with the checks. That's the whole deal. Friday and I understand it was a lot of furniture broken. If you had a place across the street yesterday, you'll find where just losing it. Again. That's what I'm hearing. A lot of scuttled about about that. I haven't heard that. Where'd you get that one? I just made it up. Go. Just to aggregate him. Friday he's going to be chill. When he sees those numbers that start with a, oh boy, that's going to be bad. All the money daddy has been there. How long you think that deal is going to go on? I don't know. How much ready can he absorb? Yeah, that's the question. Panthers lost again last night. Yeah, that's the last four. I forgot about the game. I would have watched a little bit of that, but I forgot all about it. And then by the time I remembered, it was already over four, three lost. Give up four goals again. Yeah. Get the guy shirt too. Yeah, I see new one like God hurt. And of course, that's the thing. I mean, bringing the old guy's here. Then old June, when you, you know, you sign, I thought it was a good deal when they signed those two guys, but when you get to be passed 55 and you're still playing hockey, it's not conducive. And those guys all, both have a history of being a lot of injuries too. So maybe I was counting my chickens before they had someone. I thought they were going to have a humongous season this year. Maybe maybe not. But Kelly is doing a fine job. I just going, Kelly. So I need to go stock up on cobble for the weekend. That's when I started to say before you elected on you. You're trying to, I don't want to, you know, gain any weight from it, but if you're going to be like a shut-in on Sunday and maybe even Monday, I would, I would have something to refrigerate her. I mean, seriously, what did you do during the last two or three teams when we had days when you could barely go out of? I bought some sandwiches. Yeah. Yeah. Samuages. And I ate them with bread. Yeah. And it must be good for your blood sugar, huh? Oh, my blood sugar was okay. You know, the last person told me that. It was okay. Oh, fat rich. Fat rich. The last thing he said was, I'm dying on the head. But anyway, I don't want to let you because I know it's when it's tough. Oh, no. I'll let you. You could do the breadless sandwiches. Get some, get a whole bunch of cold cups. I told you, yes, they get a bunch of bestrami and must be for sliced roast beef and some nice deli cheeses. Yep. And you just make your own sandwich without the bread. That's all. Yeah. Okay. So you're right. I don't need a lot of sandwiches. No, you don't need the bread for her, can you know? You sound a movie, too. Yes. Don Deli, you're a nice, you love bread. I like bread. You love bread. Never that. I'm going with Junior. Yeah. I'm not a big bread guy. If I go into an Italian restaurant for example, or roots Chris, where they bring you the warm bread, you know, or restaurant where they had that nice garlic butter, you know, the the real soft garlic butter that you shimir on nice warm bread, I can't resist that. So if I'm on my best behavior, I'll tell them, please don't bring me the bread because if you do all either. Yeah. That's what you need to do in restaurants. Tell them what not to bring. Yeah. Just like here's to tell them, don't bring the rules for fat rich. And then he'd reach over and grab the ones off the next table and he'd throw it. He thought nobody was looking. That's like I know a guy who was rich in size, who when he would walk through hotels. And his way to his room and there was a room service cart. Yeah. Would food leftover? Used to grab the food off the room service cart. One of the most incredible stories we were in Vegas. One of those ill-fated Bob Lincoln trips to Vegas from the station. Remember that I would do. Yeah. And fat rich is with us. And we go into, I don't remember. Madden. We're casino was in. Does making a difference to buffet. And you know, when you have the buffet, they put, when you get in the line, they give you like a little card or little thing to put on the table to show that the table is taking for somebody to serve you. And it was paid. So, eh, so we're walking through. He takes the paid card from somebody else's table. And put it on his table. It was embarrassed. It was the Imperial Palace by the way. He wasn't the Imperial Palace. Ooh. Well, we sure don't want to start off with them again, do we? Although I'm not going right there. You say it in the Imperial Palace? Yeah. That was a Bob Lincoln deal, you know? Why? We didn't realize that they had all the Hitler's cards. I was going to say, we see a member of the Nazi party. I want to go through it again. Okay. Sorry, I'm sorry that George brought it up again. Sorry. I'm not. Yeah. I don't want to have any of your, uh, p valve vacations. It's okay. They're very sensitive. We'd love the Imperial Palace. In fact, you people are going to be, well, what's that restaurant that's like almost just down the street down the street for me where they love me like crazy, but I never go there because everybody's going to be like, Rosewood Grill Rosewood. Very good. Oh, I know what that is. Man, that's a good place. I get the steak. gigantic steak is in torsa. The big tank a lot. There's when you walk in here and you pick one out and say, Oh, I'll take Jimmy over here. You know, I have name. What about that? That pleasure, so there. Yeah, Rosewood Grill is still there. Yeah. The best of it, to me, was the Rhapsody in the Trapper canter, which unfortunately went out of business. That was so good. Michael's. The Rhapsody had the best bananas foster in next time. You go to Las Vegas. Go to Michaels on me. I'm not going to be. You'll go one day. I will, I'll bet you. I'll bet you Greg Wies Life on it. After when May the bell to right now. Angel, fine, Brick. You're on this kid will never go to Vegas again. Well, you're on. They go there for I've seen him all. In the last couple of times, I went there. Erby, I mean granted there's some very pilation place. I do like to Paris. I like that atmosphere where you feel like you're outside, you know. But most of when you're inside the casino, you look around in there. Did you know, Rick, they could be anything. You know, I mean they all look the same. It's a bunch of tables and sloppy scenes. The wind doesn't look the same. Oh, I haven't been in that. In fact, I was invited. There's a fight out there on November 12. And the promoter invited me out there yesterday to stay at the wind. And I made do that just to stay there. Yeah. Could kill any of them. Do I? Yeah. I haven't stayed there. I've seen it. Oh, pretty impressive. Yeah. Now where is that? Is that where the old visitor didn't was? Oh, I see. Well, I'll take your word for it. I'm not going back. If I want to lose my ass, I can go right out. I can happen to kill him. Well, for signifying you have to go there. I'll be at Woodbine. I got 3,000 slots or whatever they got there. Or I can go in our 20 minutes and go to Niagara Falls to the falls view. And they got 3,000 slots there in tables in a bid that huge racebook. What do I need to go to Vegas for? To have dinner at Michaels, my treat. Ah, man. In fact, they got some really good restaurants and Niagara Falls. Ontario. That won't be going there. Why not? To Niagara Falls. Someday, someday you'll have to cover a big race at Woodbine. Who knows when that'll be? I've done that actually. Well, there you go. We'll come again. They got some pretty big races over here in Alabama. And you'll be right in the winter. And you'll come up and we'll go to Niagara Falls to a falls view. All right. It's a deal. Okay. My personal, my personal camera driver will take us there. I'm ready. The same one that's picking me up into a clock today to take me out to a fun to my gutside. Good luck today. Well, you know, something when you reach this point in life and you've worked all of your life and you've been able to put aside a fairly amount of money. You know, you know, you just spend it and joy it. What are you going to do? Put it in the box with you when you're croaked. I'm with you. That's right. Pund your guts out. Have a good time with it. And today being Wednesday, this is kind of like a good midweek. I'm sure there's a lot of stuff for you to plunge on today. There was racing everywhere today. Really? Yeah. I could go out to call her and do some time. Okay. I'm Delaware Park at 1245. Oh, I'm having lunch today. Would sit. Keela to 115. Hawthor in a 210. Santa needed four. I'm having lunch today. I'm going to go with Sydney and I'm going to do that. And you want your phone number. Wednesday. Well, I have George Give it to you. I'm going to delay the talk to him. Would bind the third bridge. I'm going to do that at 645 because they don't have harness racing on Wednesday. They have the third bridge at night. Which I like that. Give her go to the runners at night. Yeah, metal lands. Like a metal. Shadow lands. I would park. I would park on Fridays. Do they really? Yeah. Great. It's kind of fun. I don't know why they didn't do more of that. Well, I can say this. The reason that they brought these legislators up to Toronto for the meetings with the Stronic people was because they're lobbying to get night racing down here. So that's in their plans. Well, that's not going to go over to well with Pump and O Park and with the dogs and the highway. Well, but I think that's always been Stronics agenda to get rid of competition. Did you rid of the competition? Yeah, to put those people out. That's not great. No, that's what has been his deal all along. Are you eating something this morning? A cough drop. Do I see? I knew he had something. Can't fool me even from a thousand miles. Yeah. A cough drop for what? Don't tell me you're getting sick now. I was sick. I was the week you were on vacation. I had a cold, but I worked through it. Yeah. I had the airline flew. The one day thing, you know, come after the train. I get air all night. I get all night. I get back a couple days early because that's like back. Oh, brother. So for one day, I had the raw throat. I thought I was getting sick. And I got a great night sleep about nine hours and we got that delivered. That's what I had. I came back from the York and the shore and North Carolina. There was the air on those planes, man. It's really bad. What they added is give you own personal tank of oxygen. Let's give you some real air. It's bad. Okay. Well, I think we killed some good time. Yes, we did. And we got the big hurricane. Come over. We got Wilma and Fred Flintstone. They're all coming on Sunday. Sunday morning. We're saying now Sunday. Sunday morning about 2 an AM. And then he go back to the bees and it's Barney. So I would go over to the Epicure today. I'd stock up on a whole bunch of stuff, put in the fridge. Maybe not today. Maybe Friday. Yeah, wait till it's fresh. Yeah. Okay. Have a good day. Will the belly's not there anymore? No. Can't go back. Tell us if I said hi by the way. I will. I'm going to be kissed for me. I'll get the number from George. Okay. He just wants to call and say hi. It's been a long time. Say hi. Okay. Happy as昨. See you tomorrow. Bye. Oh. Oh. about son, but he pleaded not guilty and they postponed the trial to November 28th. So, in spite of the fact that they're all whipped up about that, we want a lot more about Wilma, don't we? That's weird. People in South Florida and anybody with a brain is concerned about is freaking Wilma. Not about Sodom Hussein and all of a sudden crack. Look at the time already 10-14, can I be right? This is New Rogeries. Oh, this is 5-16-18. What's your brother on a side face? What's your sister talking about? Do you remember she that we're liking is the known home? I've brought her let it rise, I will be your brother Somethin'... Turn down, I am oh... The world, we get Now they have only one We, we, we Take a look Don't burn your power, sister We got it Now we are hoping to save you We got it We won't attack this door We got it We'd povo us But we We ain't loНу libbitt this wife What they're got here to bear And living that day We never go through Had a boat Be silly though that may you or that standing the state so that more mango are night on Omaha with useless you you that he and you who that we can. We're going to have a lot of that area. And it does have its eye set on floor to at this time. It's still a little too early to pinpoint exactly where the farther west that it goes in this area. The farther north it will likely hit on floor to. All police or we wish any bad luck to our friends of northern Florida but please. It's also going to be picking up some forward speed as it starts to make that right hand turn. And we are expecting land to the right. So, I'm going to say that to the right. I'm going to say that right now. If I hear the reveal, Hurricane will must stay in the wind reach 100 75 miles an hour. And it's pressure dropped as low as 80 to 1,000 bars this morning. Making it the strongest category if I'm hurricane on record. Ever. With a projected path across southern Florida from east to west. This is the lowest pressure on record for any hurricane in the Atlantic base in ever since the beginning record time since before Jesus was a baby since before Abraham met Solomon. You come a meteorologist at the hurricane center said Willamil was stronger than the devastating Liberty hurricane that hit the keys in 35. The most powerful Atlantic hurricane to make landfall on record but. Willamil wasn't expected to keep a track for long as hard disruptive atmospheric winds and the Gulf of Mexico around the hurricane. Toni, Thank you for watching. Because through that What is dependent onipending climate due to�acЗдup on our website. Not not the most people are going to use our website but some of them will so people can keep your eye on where it's going and what's going to happen whether they're going to be alive or not by Monday. I get out of town. I go somewhere safe like New Orleans. Good idea. You see they're having a big party there on Burban Street again. They're all like Boosinburg. I would be surprised that the badass governor's kid is there again too. Boosin not big time is the other two. Wouldn't surprise me if maybe no well is there too. She is a good time. She's a party animal. Hurricane Wilma appeared to turn it to make a dramatic right turn towards south Florida. You see what I tell you about God in his amen. You people think of it just a fun in the all the time. I'm telling you right now the Lord is pissed off man. He has so pissed off at your fan asked governor. Anyway, it's expected to make a dramatic right turn possibly arriving with winds up up to 115. I think I just read that. Wilma these seasons record time. Cropter were keen and intensified with strong cat five of this morning. The fastest strength thing ever in Atlanta, Hurricane. The fastest ever. And it was forecast to reach the Gulf of Mexico Friday afternoon after marching northwest across across the Caribbean. The Caribbean. The tightly packed system of Hurricane force winds extended only 50 miles off from the eye. It was projected to accelerate toward Florida's Gulf Coast and strike near Naples by Saturday evening right there in the middle of Beasley headquarters. How do you like that? Oh my gosh. That's what this is all about. God is pissed off at Joyce. You're going to get Joyce Joyce by Saturday evening potentially is a cat four with 145 mile on winds after weekends a bit. You hear this? This is a hell of a lot different than what they're peddling the the BS they're peddling on the certainly not news network. Or they keep showing us going to be a cat two. It can make slant for huh? Huh? Potentially is a category four with near 145 mile on winds. And of course, as it goes across the state, it weakens because it hits all those mountains. You know, I can send him to Florida. As it crosses the Everglades. Wow. Well, as near its maximum potential intensity and further strength and he's not anticipated. Well, thank the Lord for that because he is really obviously as wrath is rising hot and he is foaming at the mouth. He's sticking that finger out. That's that every time he does ah, yeah. From there, well, my girl just talked about like Oh, could you help me in emerging the Atlantic nurse Stewart? Oh, not those poor red necks again. Damn. Possibly we're taking 150 mile hours strength according to National Hurricane San Juan deede. There hasn't been much between Cape Sabol and Mimey to slow it down. Hurricane specialist, pan-expressionist, Stacy Stewart said, plus you have Everglades water, which is very, very warm. We can easily be dealing with a cat three on this side of the state. If five am this morning, proper storm force winds are 1060 miles off from the center. Hurricane watches could be hoisted in South Florida by Thursday by tomorrow, and because of the threat of storm surge in evacuation of coastal residents could be ordered on Thursday or Friday, emergency managers are saying at this moment, as I speak. If the correct track holds, Will look could be Irene on steroids said Tony Carpour Broward's emergency management director referring to Hurricane Irene, which in October 99 left widespread flooding over South Florida. Remember Irene? I do remember there was a song about good night Irene. By who? Who'd now know it was some old fart? I don't think there was going to be quite as much rain as there was with Irene, but when's it going to be stronger? He said it's almost the same track as Irene. Under the forecast, South Florida would be on the storm's right or the more vicious side on the Sid vicious side. Not good. I've been thinking about that. Sid isn't your mind, as you see it like going across beyond the right hand side. And you could see up to seven inches of rain starting as early as Friday morning. When the winds would pick up on Saturday and right through the night, they would be raging. It says, if raging winds conditioned with start footing on Sunday, now is the time for folks in South Florida to get their hurricane planned back out and dust it off because the season's not over. Stuart said, there we go. Now is the time. South Florida they say is in for a rough weekend. A cold front this Sunday, southeast across the country is expected to force woman to make their sharp right turn. So there you go. What's that we've been waiting here on the very news intensive. The arrived here show on the highly news intensive WQA. We don't even have a news wire much less of weather wire. What we do when we want to know what the weather is. We have the water knots. You go to the window and stick her finger out the window. And then she says, Great, it's raining. And then we know it's, yeah, what's going on? And that's the way we do it? Something like that. Yeah. And then my friends up and up. I'm Greg, it's a storm. It's a storm. It goes, Hey, you, uh, tough. You're fair. Well, you are some, uh, some worst man. You really are. You can't complain about his pair because he, he's an old smoothie. Believe me. Look at that. We got almost 400 votes on a full today. I haven't even said what it is yet because we're going to, we got some fish to fry, baby. And we'll get to it while we're good and ready. Starting Friday. Speaking of the way this world is going with all these disasters and stuff, another strong earthquake rock eastern Japan late today because they're way ahead of us. And more ways than one. They need to relax your intelligence. He says there would only be reports of injuries damage risk of a tsunami from the quick. They magnitude 6.2 quacent or off the coast of ibaraki. Shukildi's in Tokyo and nearby. Or isn't including ibaraki, Tiba and Fukushima, uh, perfect prefectures. Whatever that is. What do you know about that you daughter was at? Yes. And got out just in time, by the way. If this is a meal, right back where it's safe, Florida. This is 5, 16, 18, 8, 9, 9. 8. I'm dying on the hit. Live on our spawnskings. Watching my yacht braoi. Those key Éstriets that affect the turmoil. It's going my sixth string. Xiao Mai, front porch swings. Those whirling clouds are beginning aboard. Evacuation time and read of ill. That's a looser. I say in terms of how those money is solved. Some people claim a should run from her case. And find out, no. Reason C water solve. I don't know the reason. And hurricane season. A lot of people start freaking and leave in a fry. So what it ain't sunny. And when's her one's one day? No weather's just perfect for flying a kite. Sometimes, sometimes, I'm dying over here. Evacuation time and read of ill. You're fairie. I've heard you leave bones, run away from it all. But I'm gonna stay through this reed on her routine. Because I know, reason C water solves. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm almost 30 years. In South Florida. I just remember the last couple of years. It's like, accelerated something fierce. Isn't it? Or just my imagination? I don't know if I'm going to say anything. I'm going to say anything. We have to sit on tender hooks all the time. We're every week or week and a half or another one. And another one. Yeah, a couple of times a year we'd have to go through this. Here's the pull results from yesterday. We had 16, 175 votes. The most I've not just character from any TV show ever. He's not as big as the reality show anyway. So we mixed the other reality characters. Anyway, Roseanne, you can't get much better or much more real than that. 3604. She had dropped the nanny. They had a real good battle. No, it's to know as to ask, 3.51 for the nanny. Steve Erko from family matters. 2.14. You give it a good shot. Horchack welcome back. 266. 166. Well, Smith 41. Me from the new carry show. That's screaming. Martin 32. Dr. Smith lost in space 32. Joey from friends 28. He's funny. He's talented. Ray from everybody. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. Do you know what? I'm going to tell you. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me. What's your business? The same business The same business. Let me tell you. It's going to be real. It's going to be real. The same business. And that's the conclusion. I'm standing records. Okay, this is right here. That's one of the most historical things I've ever heard. We got to pay the audio that I know you're great. That is fabulous. Can we steal it? Why not? What do we mean? Can we steal it? Public domain, baby. It's public domain. They'd love for us to apply it. Somebody might actually think the essentials are real newspaper. So what you need to do, because I can't pay the audio here other than or the speaker, which I'm going to sound good. You can play it through the board. So go to the SunCendal.com and then click on Sports. Well, when you're on the home page, it's just look on the top right. That's there. I see. Well, whatever you can talk them through it. At the same time, you sent me a text to the story that I told you about this one before the show, which I appreciate somebody sending to me because they had no way of knowing that I knew it. Well, what are the five eight back? I see. Albert Curkey knew Mexico. This is a great story. The author of a new state law that allows fellow church against owners of dangerous dogs was hospitalized over the weekend after his own dog attacked him. Oh, yeah. Bob Schwartz, who's also Governor Bill Richardson's Cram Advisor, was hospitalized at the University of New Mexico Hospital Sunday night with bites on both arms said Paul Shipley, a spokesman for the governor. A hospital spokeswoman to climb to release Schwartz's condition, but Shipley's in Schwartz is going to be fine. Oh, we're fine. Schwartz has three dogs registered with the city of Boxu and to English Bulldogs. Schwartz was instrumental in getting a law passed during this year's regular legislation that would allow fellow many charges to be found against owners of dog deemed dangerous or potentially dangerous, and that's serious that you're a killer, another animal or person. The law was designed to make dog owners accountable, so it's Senator Sue Wilson Beffer, who worked with Schwartz to pass the bill. But I guess when it happens that you're on family, that's another story she said that's tragic. Will concentrate Sunday, her office had received a bite report from University Hospital, which is required when a dog bites leads to medical attention. A bite report. Have a bite report? No. Well, you will. Hey, by the way. Yeah. I'm loading up this video. What not? Yes. I noticed the poll that they're taking on there right next to the sports. I mean, what is it? I want to alert the audience who are taking an evolution poll, which one do you believe? You know, that person that's hard to do this. Well, I'll take you one thing. The newspapers in South Florida certainly have an evolve very much. In fact, they have devolved since I've been in town. They've taken gigantic steps backward. Where are you seeing that on the front page? Sunset. It's kind of on the right under the house. I don't see this as poll. Well, I don't see the video. So I guess we're even doing what I clearly do. Okay. Don't pay attention. A little, a little mismuffered over there. Quick, quick on sports. Okay. See where says sports? Click on sports. And then scroll down. And you'll see a picture. It says instant replay. I'll see Mad Dog with his, what a very funky meat you're getting that sweater on. Yeah. I clicked on it. Got it. I'm not well. Click under our bar underneath. This is Dolphins commentary. Yeah. Click on that. I did. And then I'll go to the page. And then just open the Appana report and the audio or the eventually out of nowhere. Just like a surprise. Exactly. A little pop up. Hopefully. I'm looking at a picture. I mean, I open it. I'm in the restroom and Raymond James stadium. How come we're going to be lost to a strong Tampa Bay team on site? That's a, you know, the myriad Ronnie Brown Ricky Williams possibilities are now in play. us off in a bit. Meanwhile, Sevex has to reply, look to get a fresh perspective from our favorite voice. One that has been silence for too long. We asked if you would go to Tampa on our behalf. The me mention of his name, Tungi, as he made his of me, as he can, green lizards and I'm right Miami. Mad Dog? Yes, sir. The masses, your people, your ditched figures, if you will. Want to know how you're doing. Never better than frickin' tastic, the only way I could be better is if I were twins. To those fine folks, driving around with her windows down. Awesome's here. Thank you. How about a quick run down to the dolphins, now that you aren't paid by them. Iceworth fans, Nick Sraven, TupliOS OB, he'll get the job done. Canning Crouter, that boy is a man. Ronnie Brown and Ricky in the same backfield makes my toast single. And that, Jason Sam, fire the believe it's been almost a decade. Finally, how much is it hurt to not be calling the games? Son, I got the big bucks. I'm happy. Oh, who the hell am I kidding? It's unbearable. I'm just like Ohio State beating the boys in blue. I long, just one more time to say, to go to the locker room for some defensive perspective, to talk about the stenture cow manure emanating from my performance. To share a pop, we might play my play guy. I'm getting way beat. Cut the tape. Oh man. All there is. There is no more. That is sensational. That great. After, uh, permanently record that. It brings the tear to my eye. It's just a beautiful thing. He's crying to the tune of the music and facts. Oh, that's great. Ice going there whoever that was at the sunset. Was that? How should we do? Well, yeah, we don't know. And we don't care quite frankly. Well, was something actually good that they did. I guarantee your time, jica would never come up with that. 492 votes. I bet you will have over 500 by the end of the third. We're not going to go through this again today. Are we? 496. Yeah. Yes, that it was a little bit too close for comfort for my, you know, or the amusement. It don't have to go through it if you don't want to. I'm not going to. Well, case the roster off. We have 600 votes if we have 800. We have 55 million. Whatever it is, it'll be. You know, case the roster off like Doris Day would say. Remember Doris Day in Rock Hudson. Okay. She was. No, he was. 496. Okay. There's a way. And now we can add some things out of this pool or not. Is the case may be we got a big face to fry with this will nothing. We're going to keep you like right abreast right on top of it. Man, we're going to keep your nose right to the grindstone. Get out of the get out of the dodge. Just get out of town. Go somewhere. Go somewhere. You'll be safe like the keys. Oops. No, that's not it. By the way, all non residents have been told get that a lot of their in the keys. They've been ordered to evacuate. In fact, once they saw this new will nothing, they're probably a lot of evacuation going on down there. But we better not talk about it. Can you imagine? I've got you that they the eye of the storm is going to go right through Joyce's desk. Can you see now? It's going to pass rightly. Pass over. I'm going to sacrifice a chicken just to make it happen. Yeah. I would be so pleased to see that. They maybe we could say crap again on the ear for a Joyce met her maker at Marvin Maker. We hate you Joyce and we wish you die overkin nasty horrible death. And that's that's a truth. Yeah. It is. Yeah. Because you're an idiot. You totally uncqualified. You are to this radio station. What condolese is to the state department. You are to this radio station. What W is to the White House. You are to this radio station. What Jimmy Siffelis is to dolphin broadcasting. But anyway, if you believe this story or not, I would not see if this call is for real. Q. I am hello. Oh, I'm going to. Yes, sir. I just have two to hope is witness like run out of my house. Oh, go. So, please pair off of the warning shots up in the years of an idea. They try to give me that watch tower thing. I don't believe in fairy tales. And they try to get me to the talk conversation of all faith and believe them like no things. If you want to believe that, that's fine. I have my release. Tell them, look at the calendar. It's past October first, which means if you don't believe me, you're going to be a good couple of last time. You'll meet your maker real soon. Don't be sure. Bye. Bye. Nice job, Kelly. Just say no to the job as witnesses. Come on a warning shot. First of all, when you see him coming to the door. Anyway, an angry president Bush reviewed political chief guru Carl Robe two years ago for his role in the Valerie time affair. Sources told the New York Daily News that he news is all over this like Stinkon, Joel LaFindbury. He made his explosion known to Carl, a presidential council told the news. He made his as made his like miserable about this. How do you like that? Do we believe it? I don't know. Bush has never less remained doggy loyal to Robe, who friends in even political adversaries acknowledge is the architect of the presence rise from baseball owner to leader of the free world, my ass. A special prosecutor, Patrick Fitzgerald, here's a decision perhaps as early as today, did you hear that? Today, today, on whether to wish you indictments in his two year probe, Bush has already circled the wagons around Robe, who's departs who would be a grievous blow to all ready shell-shock White House staff and a president in the political dodo. As to people even, indictments were forthcoming, a key Bush official said he didn't know that he had an, I'm very concerned if you go very, very badly. Two verys. Carl is fighting for his life, if he's slanted, but anything that he did was done to help George W. Bush, the president knows and appreciates that. Other sources confirmed, however, that Bush was initially furious with Robe in 2003, when his deputy chief of staff considered the talk to the press about the plain leak. Bush has always known that Robe often talks of reporters and honestly, and has generally approved such contacts once were said, but the president fell over another member of the White House damage control team. They clumsy job in their campaign to discredit times has been Joseph Wilson. Now, the resume was upset that they did it, but there was a clumsy job. See, a second well-play source said some recently published reports in Pline Robe had received Bush about his involvement in the Wilson County attack were incorrect and were leaked by White House and it's trying to protect the president. Bush did not feel misled so much by Carl others as believing they handled and they hand-handed and Bush laid away the source said, kind of like Brownie. None of these sources offered initial specifics of what Bush and Robe discussed in conversations at the beginning shortly after the Justice Department informed the White House in September 2003 that a criminal investigation that launched in Belica claims identity to calmness the anxious Nazi Robert Novak, a White House spokesman to find a comment saying, the ongoing nature of course of material investigation. 1057 will keep our eye on Wilma by the way. This is 562 MP. This has been the whole Roger of Shell. What's all it? Any questions? Procrotters are marked on half. It starts with 16 pistolares, but in the end only one will be chosen by the Donald's Recombo. The new leads there are some in demand. Survivor and off-pretis. In demand. Look at the boardroom council. This is a couple. You'll find where the exchange was. They do don't rock the rapes along new sensation. Right after Mark Bernesse's other news show the contenders. Okay, Simone. Oh, you're a lot. It's 1102 at 560 WQM. Here's the 11A. I'm advisory on Wilma. Oh, there's that prodigant. I'm seeing that. Major hurricane. Okay. Potentially catastrophic. Can't agree if I've hurricane Wilma continues West North West Doon and a hurricane Williams vision. What is that? Footstones. It's a double music. Oh, hurricane Williams. Finish it for a portion of the UK 10. I'll keep that going. I like that. This is kind of boring. Otherwise, it'll spice it up a little bit. I've got a bunch. Thank you. You got the ear of Flintstone. Teen somebody's spice to it. That'll really do it. 11 o'clock this morning. The government of Maneco is usually hurricane winning from San Felipe to Tuomon, the UK dan Peninsula, including Kusemel and nearby islands. Hurricane conditions also possible on Swan Island. 11 o'clock. That's all it is. Oh, the government of Mexico is issued a tropical storm warning from South of Tuomon to Chitumal. I beg your pardon. 11 o'clock the government of Belize issued a tropical storm warning for Belize from the border of Mexico south or to Belize city. Hurricane Watch remains in effect for the east coast of the UK 10 Peninsula from South of Tuomon to Fu de Gruezza. Hurricane Watch remains in effect in Cuba. All my goodness. Okay, but the provinces of Mankansis westwards to a peanut del Rio and to the Isle of Youth. I'm under Aliana's livenary. I love you. A tropical storm warning is in effect for Honduras from the Handerers Nicaragua border, west or to Kabul, Cameroon. The tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch remains in effect for the Cayman Islands. All interest in Florida Keys and the Florida Peninsula. That's you. To closely monitor the progress of extremely dangerous hurricane will my extremely dangerous open. I'm not sure if I can. I'm not sure if I can. I'm not sure if I can. I'm not sure if I can. I'm not sure if I can. I'm not sure if I can. Hurricane will. Okay. I love it. A clock that you said or hurricane will. When was located near Latitude 17.4 north? Longitude in between point two west or about about 25 miles south east of Cusimal Mexico. Womus moving toward the west north west near 7 miles an hour. A turn toward the north west is expected in the next 24 hours. Maximum sustained winds in near 175 mile. A while with higher gusts. Wilma is a potentially catastrophic category five hurricane on the surface of the scale. Plutch away from the intensity are common in hurricane to this intensity likely to in the next 24 hours. Hurricane force winds extend out. Wird up to 50 miles from the center. And tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 160 miles. Estimated minimum central pressure is 82 millivars 26.5 inches. Oh my god. Almost expected British storm total accumulation of 10 to 15 inches. The local amounts do 25 inches. Immoutness terrain across Cuba through Friday. Additional rainfall accumulation to 5 to 10 inches. The local amounts of 15 inches are possible across the Kemen Island. Swan Island and Jamaica Mon True Tuesday. It's a good storm. Storm total accumulation to 4 to 6 inches. Will isolated amounts of 18 to 12 inches are possible from Anders north or to the UK 10 True Thursday. And intermediate advisory coming to 2. Maybe if it comes in just before the end of the yes end of the show. Because now I find the figure I don't know how to get that like immediately as soon as they put it on there. I got it. You love this story from Bangkok. And I skim vendor attacked a Bangkok dentist with a small sword. Breaking his arm and badly cutting his face for he said today. Oh man. Maybe this guy tied one on. I don't know. I see that 43 stormed pump. Pum pods. Sir Wong's out of these names are ridiculous dental clinic in Bangkok yesterday. Assaulting the man because three years ago he mistreated some boon by leaving an infected tooth in his mouth and pulling out a healthy one. Oh, it's said take it out to bad not leaving in a good one deal. You know. Some boon planned this alleged error led the weakness in his left arm and leg and eventually he liked this strength. The paddle is ice cream, tries to go cart forcing him to stop working. Oh, when you can't paddle your cart no more you're done. Some boon was charged with attempted murder. Police were holding him in custody pending trial. Maybe he can come to Florida. Okay, because I think I think there's a similar circumstances when the new shoot him up for a long. All right. Starting October 1. I think he'd be more than justified. The plan asked him to come and test it by himself. Especially if he could get some free dental care or some free ice cream for his family. When you think, no, so. 537 votes on a pool already. We're kicking some serious ass man. That's all I can tell you. Oh, there's Quixiana Amanpur. She just impresses the crap out of me. Not 537. She's still got a. I'm surprised. Didn't they have to do like an operation to get her head on the previous post. But. And he was in although they're father to only father. Anyway, a what who are what best to minimize America's celebration of mediocrity. George W. Bush 264. Way way below mediocre. Believe you me. Me, okay. We'll be a big improvement. The education system, 68 democratic party 49. What about your whims? What about your weak knee pansies? TV 38 as mediocre as against the NFL 20. They got parody. They got crap 32 crap teams. Brownie Brown 19. A heck of a guy doing a heck of a job. John Kerry 19. Harriet Meyer 17. Converse eight 16. Condolese 13. Your next vice president, maybe. Al Gore 11 and Julie women's got 10 out of 543. We're rolling along here, man. Singin' a song to book comes out on Friday. What a pressure pack week. There might be indictments in this whole plane gate thing today. Right. And we got the book coming on Friday. And we got will no coming over the weekend. And we got Joyce is going to get blow off into the. Ocean. It's going to pick up her and her desk and blow them right across the Everglades. Right. Right over the top of the station as a parting shot. And then. But a big. Right on the ocean. Never to be seen again. And if anybody deserves it, man. She is so clueless. Although if you thought she was wimpy, I took about that call. I had from the operations. I managed yesterday. Yes, you did. Hi, prevent lady about something that we played for years in the images. Still. But that's okay. No problem. You know, when you don't have any balls, you know, I reminds me like here. They've got a big billboard campaign that's ongoing for the fan, the sports station are good friends there. And it says we've got balls the fan 790. Whatever the frequency is. Five 90 whatever. And of course, they don't have their down. Actually, they'll hear us. See, that's the difference. I still say it would be a great idea for a tough to let. He could see. He could spearhead the movement. We can get together with promotions. And we can have a big billboard campaign saying 2 a.m. 560. We lost our balls. Wouldn't it be good? Yeah. Or no, we just lost them. Or we don't. We don't have no balls. White House, why, if Cheney Reservation rumors fly. Oh, my God. This is in the US news and actually originated in Washington Post. It says, part by today's Washington Post story that suggests vice president Cheney's office is involved in the claims CIA, Spiral and investigation. Government officials and advisors passed around rumors that the vice president might step aside. And that president Bush would elevate whole on tight. Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice. Oh, my God. Yeah. How do you like that boys and girls? And I'm playing the original Condoleezza bit right now. Double dog dairy. Yeah. Double big dog dairy. I'm almost done not my soda over on that. Yeah, you do it. All right. It's certainly an interesting thought. But I still think how he doubtful scenario of set abortion side or. And if that should happen, out of the official, General Andrade Lee, those who believed the whole thing was orchestrated. Another brilliant macavorian move by the VP said another Bush associate of the rumor, yes, this is not good. The rumor spread so fast that summer publicans by late morning yesterday were already drawing up reasons why rice couldn't get the job or run for president in 2008. Isn't she pro choice as to keep sending Republican aid? Many White House insiders, however, said the poster and reports that the investigation was coming to a close. And officials and said more focused on who would be dragged into the affair. And if top-haves would be a dead end of force to resign. Retire. Folks on the inside and near the inside are holding their breath and wondering what's next at a Bush advisor. But he ended up, they are focused on the future of the vice president, not that at least not seriously he said yet. Not yet. How do these are for VP? There you go. What a joke. Talk about mediacres. That's doctor rise to you, doctor rise. Okay, you want to take two calls here? Yeah, I will know it, but I want you to. And I don't know why CNN continues doing this sod on trialthing because it's been, you know, he pleaded not guilty. And again, the post moment of November 20th. And we got this big ass hurricane that's going to blow the whole half of the state in the ocean. And these people are hot going to try to get outside of the scene. Okay. So I think it's believed that there's no way. And I don't really have to. What about playing against all this stuff? Have you seen it? And that hurricane or whatever it is. earthquake and turning, they're going to, and Tokyo got about two seconds. We got tsunamis, man. We got hurricanes. We got mudslides. We got torrential rains. We got all this crap. All these things. We got the birds who like to hover over us. And the other day, he got him even tip he headwind is running for her life. So if anybody doesn't believe that the Lord is really, really getting agitated now, he is pissed off and fired up. And that's not good when that happens because his wrath waxes really hot. And just like when you light a candle and the wax gets really hot and starts dripping down, you know. It buries. Did you ever get burned by candle wax? Sure. On purpose, index it. Remember that brook Daniels? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. He, in fact, he had to work over there in 790. He had moved over there. Waxy's willow. But with the video of that, he was going to come and go. God, no. Oh, no. Ryan, well, we'll take some calls eventually. When I get around with it. I'm all whipped up this week. I have no idea what it is. Something really exciting must be going to happen. Like payday next to Tuesday. Payday next Tuesday clearance. I just mentioned that in passing. See, I've got a new deal with them. New and it works like a charm. It seems to be working very well. And it is like right after the previous check, then the next day, I start working on deaf and first. And by the way, payday is coming on now, whatever day, you know, and every single day. Oh, another US soldier that that's 1977. We're getting precariously close to the 2000 mark. Now, we'll let do it when we get to 2000. Let me the point where they work in people draw the line in the sand and say, Oh, that's just two day many. Oh, no. Just another number on a sheet of paper because we even found the march. 1113 at 5, 16, W. Q. M. when you're shopping for a shoes. Please don't take your feet to any place except Brandy's because they've got the unbeatable selection for you. All the top brands, unbeatable prices, fantastic personal service. Speaking of Brand's men, where they like rock ports, four shime echoes new violence, essay, it's the fisto. They have them all in stock. And they have them in your size to read them to shelf, but in a slap on your feet. And Brandy's professional shoefitters, make sure you have a proper customized fit every time too. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fit. Brandy specializes in wide wits as well. Brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere in South Florida, which is why they've been around for all these many years in that same great location, while the other shoe peddlers have come and gone. So for comfort stuff, fit, value and selection always think of Brandy's shoes, 1290 North Ohio and Paparobach opened daily Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday from 9 to 5. And this week, it's the big boat tube and Anza, rock ports, spary and sabago. They have special discounts waiting in conjunction with the boat show. So be sure to get your ass in the Brandy's this week and save a lot of cash or do your shoe shopping right on their website at Brandys Shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. So go go go go go. It's the terror is warning us. So as you drive on into work, feel there, sorry. But what happens is what all the two now can't be sure when in my strike and then yeah you know the stretch because of all of the stress. From steps we better watch out, he is the word I feel here. It's a terrorist warning. I'm a government safety proof there. And I'm seen. I got it on hand. They say not if but when now now it's a safety threat to the Jo. You get out. Think there a whole stake in me a stroke. I think that I'll test with a glory in my life. Enjoy the ride, my life. I can't abide. Terror is a mistake. I'm sorry we get nervous when I play that in the beginning. It's real real low and you think oh what happened? I don't think that's the right to recognize the better thing. Yeah I said it. That little tickled the beginning. In fact let me just play the ass at the beginning of that again. It's that. Just a note. The audience, well at least no next time they won't go into a panic. It's like the real sort. Like that. In fact it sounds like wind chime. I think it is. Maybe that's what it is. And very appropriate with the will not come in wind chime. See the big blow is coming. So anyway speaking of terrorist warnings that fake we had in Baltimore again yesterday. And I don't want these phony deals. Keep everybody on the. I mean, is it a real one? Felix. And a rascal. Yeah. I think I made a maybe a car atoneol. Federal agents were questioning a couple of people yesterday. And connects with the truth. They're questioning a couple of people. Okay. You know anything? No. Okay. Go home. That prompted Baltimore authorities to temporarily close one of two downtown tunnels on a Baltimore Harbor and restrict traffic to the other US officials said the restrictions were put in place out of what a state police official called. Here we go with that catch phrase again and abundance of caution. Although the FBI said it hadn't been able to corroborate to be reported threat. They were imposed as a result of a threat of undetermined credibility to an unspecified tunnel. And I'm surprised that the police were going to be a threat. Come on. Come on. You can do it. And unspecified tunnel in the Baltimore area said Kevin Perkins, a spokesman for the FBI's joint terrorism task force. Maybe they found a pin joint. Maybe that's why there was stuff on them trucks. You know, the truckers, though, the FBI and other law enforcement agencies are looking for at least six men. They were told our partly alleged plot. He was official said the original source of the intelligence said those involved were Egyptian. But officials did not confirm the nationalities of those being sought. A federal government, maybe it was a firmoured scam. A federal government official said the source of the threatened intelligence has provided some useful information in the past. But Perkins said agents were interviewing certain individuals in an effort to determine the credibility of the information. Certain individuals, according to multiple U.S. officials, the Baltimore report was triggered by a report that a shipment of explosives was heading in the city's harbor disguised as Coco. The explosives would then have been used to build actually they got a little bit garble that was James Coco that was hiding him in his underwear. Which is easy. Is he still lying by the way? I don't know. Hey Jimmy. You're fairie. The explosive bill that had been used to build a truck bond to be detonated inside the tunnel. The latest threat came nearly two weeks after a similar warning prompt that he's security written in New York, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi. It's just crap. They said the state's alert level was not raised because you don't want to give advance notice to the bad guys. Right. Then make any sense to you? No. The measures lasted less than two hours and we're left to shortly after one of clock yesterday afternoon. Police would search dog stop trucks headed for the tunnels and inspected their undercarriages with mirrors. There you go for some Coco. Why do they check in their cups to see what they were drinking those truckers? There you go. They're hiding in their Coco man. Let me try to understand this. If they use the terror alert, the terrorists will know that we're onto them and what of right they're planning that would be bad. So let them carry the plan out and then if they have an a kill a bunch of people in the private and we can always say well, I don't know if all people we saved. Does that make any sense at all? No. Does anybody believe that there was a real threat to ball the door or New York to weeks ago? No. They just lie and lie and lie. We got five hundred and eight three votes on our world famous pool. I'm pretty impressed. Well, I have 700 by noon. Or my name is Mortimer Snurred. Don't you think? Well, you kind of look like a brother. I actually the audience know and Mortimer Snurred was not fat. Believe me or bald or old. But nevertheless, let's see. Mortimer Snurred was what? Charlie McCurthet was a good bargain, right? Correct. Now, wasn't he poly-burgin's daddy? What? I'm serious. Who the hell's poly-burgin? Yesterday it was the French, Wendy Williams, what was your name? Sena Iván, I forgot. I don't know. Claudine Longi, T.T. The Frog. And today it's poly-burgin. I've never heard of it. You don't know from poly-burgin. No, I know he's. You better get out some jargons, man, because if you don't know from poly-burgin, I don't he's Candice-burgin's father. Really? Are you sure? Positive. Are you sure? He brought a dog. She's a good boy. He brought a dog. Anyway, he was the great ventral request with Charlie McCurthet and Mortimer Snurred. Not to be confused with Paul Winshal, who had, uh, who do you have? He's dead by the way. Finally died. I kept saying he was dead, and then finally he, uh, said, okay, whatever you say. Headed by my show many times on the phone, Paul Winshal. That one he stood with is boring, guests. Another good thing for Friday. Uh, you don't want to cause it's a lot of August and September. You know, it'll happen in September. No, I-ra with Hank. So, we already saw a pretty good up-tank in August once that I-ra was a... Quickly the anchor around the Hupers' ass and so on September's in there. I think, uh, I think we're going to smell pretty good Friday, not. Hmm. Do you get that body wash up by the way? Well, I was still in my previous chart. The greener. In fact, it seems to me that Pauli Bergen had a line of, uh, cosmetics, female cosmetics. You know, not that I would compare with Joan Rivers because Joan Rivers is a pig and disgusting obnoxious bitch. But, uh, Pauli Bergen, she was a TV person, man. She was a lot of shows. Oh, she was one of the supermodels of the book of Brad just reminded me. And I got her, uh, IMDB entry right here. It doesn't say anything about being the daughter of Charlie Bergen. Oh, that was Charlie Bergen? That was Candice. Yeah. What about Edgar at the- I mentioned a lot of people want to hear more rain daz called. I'm lawyer, lawyer, not e-Harry, lawyer, or without license. She called. She calls Harriet, Harry. I love that. Now, she's almost as outrageous as I am. I mean, she's much better writer because I can't write. But she's almost as obnoxious. But then against you writes in the or time chase, you'll watch her piece and cues. You know, accused, hands. You're very. Harry Myers. And it's not here. I'll get to that as a matter of fact momentarily. Are you excited? Thrill. Well, that's because most of the people are too cheap to go on and buy those, uh, that nude deal on New York Times. Josh says that thing works like a miracle, isn't it? Oh, it's great. Thanks. You're welcome. Uh, the things that I do, man, the things that I do. 598 votes for, for a measly paycheck twice a month. We're almost a 600 by, uh, the bottom of the hour. It'll all be over 600. I'm sure that a lot of people have to get in pretty damn disgusted. Here. Here. We can't be stupid as I mean, I want it's important stuff. Do you believe me? Yeah. No. No. Neither why. Hey, American resident angel, I need you wants to make your like a little easier. You can believe that with over 20 years experience, ARL offers you custom loan programs. They fit your situation, whatever it is. Whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel vacation or you're looking to put a pool in the backyard. Or just look at all my bout mountains and mountains of credit card death. American residential lending can get the job done for you. So call our friend Nelson, your core at American residential lending. They've got more than two decades experiencing a mortgage business and access to more than a hundred wholesale Lenders. ARL can cut your current mortgage monthly payment by up to 500 bucks. Hathalie refinancing the generates and quick cash for you. We even do a home equity loan. And they do it with personalized service and a program that's made specifically for you. Plus, when you close along with these folks, they'll give you a free seven day curvy and cruise. Help yourself celebrate. How can you beat that? So call American residential lending today, toll free. One, eight six six move ARL. That's one eight six six six eight thirty two seventy five. Mission time that old meal toward you to call one eight six six six six eight thirty two seventy five. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. They don't come any better than Todd Keller. We're moving on. We're moving on. Get the floor right up. We're all hands low right up. We're moving on. We're moving on. Get the floor right up. And they're eight. So many people. For our goal to the station. I got a ride me a day. Take the lives of President. I just a feel of that day. Take the look at the backstage. Here's one day to keep. But here's one day to keep. We're moving on. We're moving on. We're on. We're on. We're moving on. We're moving on. We're moving on. We're moving on. We're moving on. We're moving on. There's Max Kaitfield. We're moving on. There's a day. Don't really be there. All right. Good morning. I just want to share this with you to make a point. People ask me as well. Is it going to hit Sarah Soda or is it going to hit Naples? Or is it going to hit Sabore or hit Key Warehouse? Joyce and one thing that I'm not going to allow happiness on this hurricane is to focus on that skinny black line. Oh, yeah. We still got several days before landfall in the United States. We don't want to pin for this. We just don't want to slice it to 10 here. This is going to become an even larger hurricane size wise and wherever it strikes in the United States, it will have an impact or a very, very large area. We need to understand that we have to consider all the haths of the hurricane, the storm and the wave action that we're not going to be committed to. This hurricane, given the intensity in the size and it is important for the center across the coast. If it does come on to the southwest coast of Florida, we can have a very, very high storm surge near into the south of where the center across the coast. Remember the winds go counterclockwise or in that ice. So if you have a hurricane coming in to the Gulf Coast of Florida, that storm charge will be highest just to the south of the landfall point. We really want to make sure that everyone on the 40 keys and the stand, the seriousness, the saturation, very glad. Very good. The non-dress and south of the 40 keys start to get noon today. That's a very good move and my opinion. We'll be further actions going on down there as time goes on. Again, as soon as early for watch as the warnings, I suspect they'll be the first question people asked and the most likely scenario is that we will put up a hurricane while it's sometimes tomorrow afternoon. Of course first it would be for the 40 keys. There are already warnings up down in Mexico on the U to 10. The forces of the blaze, swan island, the camons and the west of the north of Cuba. So we're not forgetting our neighbors down there, we're coordinating with all those countries. The US interests, we really need to pay attention to this and we likely will have a major hurricane and then the southeast and Gulf of Mexico and we're going to have the other that likely are not. We like it. Like it or not. Kind of a common design. Like it or tell us a little rednecky to me. Okay, thanks Max. Okay, here a little bit more about that thing from Baltimore. I thought it would be for the show information about a possible threat that checked out in the Baltimore Harbor tunnels yesterday came from a source in the Netherlands. A, a senior US official said where they're all stood off their ass. Kevin Perkins had to be FBI's Baltimore office said at this point, we don't have any evidence that suggests this threat is credible. Any. If I went that, I got it. However, we are continuing our investigation. We have to follow this to the end. But at this point in time, we don't have any evidence. None. Zero. Zippity. Do that. This threat is credible. I just thought I was going to. Okay, now get in the Marine down. We're mighty proud. I want to look like one call so far today. Two. Maybe. Couple. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, battling. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Yesterday call. You kind of pissed off about the hurricane. You know, you're going to be a criminal, what is this and something about the helicopters about global warming is everybody's way quiet. I thought you were going to be a police officer. You come in, Pinkall, man. We're going to have you deported if you don't cut the crap. Did he say global warming? Yeah. You know, it is after October 1st and your fat ass governor said that anybody in Florida mentions those two words in conjunction. But I've been. But I want you to watch it, pal. You better get under the bed and stop stirring up the crap. Stressed off the screen. Stressed off the screen. George, it's smoking a fatal catch. But don't stir it. Morey down. Not a hairy lawyer. Lawyer ring without a license. I want you here. You said that word. Lawyer ring. Lawyer ring. Oh, see you said it. Why don't you read this? Okay. That's it. Oh, no. Marine says I was just coming to grips with the idea that a Supreme Court nominee doesn't need to have any experience for the job. Now it turns out that he Supreme Court nominee doesn't even need to always be a lawyer in good standing. Harriet Meyer shared a little secret about herself on a application to be an associate justice. Earlier this year, I received notice that my dues for the District of Columbia Bar were delinquent. And as a result, my ability to practice law and DC had been suspended. Did that little dog on the birthday car she sent to eat her dues? Ms. Myers, then the White House counsel reminded the situation after she got to let her. But weren't the Bush spinners making your case for her by reporting that she was really great at managing the paper flow when she was the president staff secretary. Now we discover that she could be such a scatterbrain about paperwork that little tiny thing like being able to legally practice law slipped her mind while she was serving as the lawyer for the leader of the free world. There's another odd, unfocused episode with the Republican Senator Arlin's expected this week. He said that he and Ms. Myers had talked privately on Monday and that she had expressed support for two Supreme Court rulings that established a right to privacy and her view is the foundation for Roe V Wade. Before Ms. Myers could even forget her bar dues again, the White House said that Senator Spectre was mistaken and Ms. Myers called it Helen So. Mr. Spectre was willing to say he'd misunderstand and will surely want to clear all this up in the hearings. But maybe he'll find a sticking by his earlier statement. He said she needs a crash course in constitutional law. The White House gambits to suede the wrath of the right and flesh out the views of Ms. Myers and Louvre and Actual Judicial Record are creating more confusion. In order to sell her officials had to expose her by setting her anti-abortion positions from 1989 to the San Juan judiciary committee. T's on record is favoring one of the most restrictive positions on abortion, actively supporting a constitutional amendment to make abortion illegal, except when the mother is actually about to die, never mind if her health might be severely impaired or she's victim of rape or incest. When she was running for city council in Dallas, Ms. Myers answered yes to all the questions from Texans united for life and anti-abortion group elaborating only one. Whether she would vote to keep anyone who supported abortion rights out of city jobs dealing with health issues after saying yes she added to the extent pro-life views are relevant. The answer clearly reflected Harriet Myers is opposed to Roe V Wade Senator Diane Findstana, California said this raises very serious concerns about her ability to fairly applied law without bias in this regard. With Carl Grove on grand jury watch and T and he stuckly tucked into his underground bunker, WD and anti-cardering control on the West Wing and aptitude is comic. First of all, I'd try to make Ms. Marisi more conservative by pedaling her pedagree as a member of an alpha-conservative evangelical church to its right wing base. When injecting religion in the hearings backfired, a fissile started back pedaling and saying she shouldn't be asked about her faith even though the president himself had said that her faith was a big part of her appeal. That's when her draconian views on abortion came out and then why it has immediately tried to assuage the left. The White House flag Scott McClull and turned on his thought machine saying the role of a judge is very different from the role of a candidate or a political office holder. Mr McClull and Zansch is about the question there were opaque, but were mentally the impression that a justice Myers might be abortion-divirally the candidate Myers. That's very interesting since the president said it or Constance is one of her chief attractions implying the crock-conservative worries that you would not be another David Souter. I know her well enough to be able to say that she is not going to change the 20 years from now. She will be the same person with the same philosophy that she is today. W said some Democrats who have interviewed her recently, if they will see her in the intellectual rigor that W saw and find her resume so thin, it would not even earn a heavy hitler profile. That was a 40-institut. A heavy hitter profile in the American lawyer magazine. Answering the sentence, you need to hear a committee's question. She said that in her two years on the city council, she dealt with such witty constitutional issues as zoning. That's a very good question. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I Am sorry. I'm sorry. I missed you in regret. I will increase you, you are such a bitch. Three thousands of visible ass, you overruna Pakistan, and you areíve experienced me, you haven't fucked. No, you are arrogant. Yeah, if we don't appreciate that, you know that is a great honor for me. Now, how do we get back to this? How many are yet to be back? Six thirty six hundred an einfachemann. On the pool. person. against Brownie Brown twenty tech of a guy John Kerry nineteen Harriet Myers nineteen congress seventeen al Gore fourteen con de lisa maybe your next vice president fourteen er I'm gagging on that can you believe that I believe it what I don't believe that we're going to do it doesn't do leave her man I think I think I'm the tough and the bottom of the pool I put him in a sandcategor with bush way way under mediocre way way way below amateur employees particularly willing t Nikon From the East Coast and the Eastern Gulf Coast because there may still be some changes. There are a lot of uncertainties still. Hadryka? Yeah, he did. And he said, keep the close watch on this storm for at least another six days to come. So if they have quite the lifespan, thanks so much, Jackie. Jackie, Jaris. Sorry. I told you. Is that who that is? Yeah. Did she have like a makeover or something? I don't know. That's what she looks the same as I thought. Oh, she don't look good to me. She's looking really nice. Yeah. Maybe she says glasses. Maybe she was that green outfit she had. Oh, and green is just bad. MTV. Not necessarily. Well, anyway, let's see. What days it always Wednesday? She's a day early. US firms accuse of exploiting workers in post hurricane recovery. But here's another disgusting story that's going to make your blood boil and get you all pissed off and fired up. We don't want to do that. I just throw it away. Now I'm going to read it. Do it. But we've got to take a bunch of calls in here if we ever got any. See, that's just to get them to call them. And of course, in about two minutes when the delay catches up. I'll be just busy with other stuff. What do we got on the polar? Six, 60. And it's 10 of noon. Did that tell you we'd be right on the ass end of 700 by the top of the yard and I tell you that? He said that. Yeah. I mean, even at two minutes, that's like six, 80. That's close enough for me toward the 700. We got another shot today. Don't tell me we're going to go through this again and get another thousand again today. Of course, see, the thing of it is, I don't know if you do it when you're a filon and when you're to filon. You probably don't do what. Like, this, I push in the pole thing. No, it's thick. Now, I don't mean that. No stick to new pole. I get into clock line. I do. You know, I keep meaning to it and then I don't. So it usually goes right at 10. Well, that's why you never get to the house and vote because I got about a 280 and a three of a load head start by the time the show starts. I'm trying to make an eye. I'm going to talk it over the back fence. Like a couple of old Jew yenters. Oh, I get behind. You know how that goes. I see. Some contractors lend a leading reconstruction projects and then I can't hit seven US. I have badly exploited workers and taken away business from local firms, Senate Democrats and labor groups are saying. Housing for workers often likes running water and contractors have failed to provide food, training and wage rates as promised. James Hale, vice president with the laborers in an national union of North America to relate policy conference of officers never press the US Senate. In one case, workers had been paid for three weeks and at another site there were allegations that security guards were mistreating laborers in Hale who supported his allegations with photos. And electrician informal with night enterprises cried as he recounted how his team of workers were kicked out of government tents by an out of state firm and forced to sleep in their cars. Most of our workers, some of them had lost their homes to the two hurricanes. We're sleeping in their personal vehicles and showering in a car wash looking at on base Mike Moran said, I'd like that. How do you like to show a new car wash? It would do it all the time. I'm not sure. Bobby's here bring your body washed. I don't want to be dropping this up there. That hot stained us, Mark. When it hits Moran's employer was given a 20 month contract and provide power for to account for military personnel. But the contract was canceled after 17 days. Night enterprises alleges the contract was terminated because the firm was paying to the prevailing hourly wage and an outside contract that was hired paid and workers a lower wage following that. After Hurricane Katrina struck August 29 President Bush waved regulations that required contractors to pay the pervading average wage in a region. That decision was presented as a way of speeding up and streaming on the recovery efforts in Louisiana Alabama Mississippi. Senator Murray Languages, the federal government should reinstate the contract for nine enterprises, which is based in New Orleans. It's my intention to have this contract reinstate it and that whoever is responsible of apologizes to these workers. And we said, you don't even see pictures like this in the third world. She said, how do you like that in the third world? Well, good. Valley Miss Molly, what did this disgrace and the fact of the matter is, you know, this 39% approval rating, that tells you that there's 39% of America that are so dumb that it would make any difference if he came and dumped on their forehead. It would still say, man, that's your failed good. You know, just so dumb. That's the sad part. Oh, there's that thing from Tom and Man's Odan concerns. Can I say that a six foot wall of water that's taught in Massagin? The city of Taughton, Massachusetts, which is a community usually about 50,000 people, but maybe a lot. A number of those folks about two 1010 of the old drive, my lab no fear, 10 is on top of that. Just like those fishermen over the weekend. Come at a QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm a pal. I just thrown you a radio in, so I don't know whether you had a chance to talk about it or not, but in today's tutorial in the New York Times, it's that Donald Spisman. Which I believe he's so like too much about it, but I think that he's. Hey, Lin-Man, you're going to call the street man on this show. I don't think so. Did he say Thomas Friedman? I don't know. Yeah, he did. Well, what do you mean you don't know? He's one of your people or at least he's a, uh, disdemeorlation. You figure. He's been to Taco Bell. I don't know what he is, but I don't want to hear about Tom Friedman. Oh, he's a jackass. You know, you can't have somebody's a jack-it when I'm not true. I take that back because every now and then I read a Jesse Jackson thing. All of me have always said that Jesse often makes a lot of mistakes. He's just a, you know, a flanned. We're an an exploiter and a phony and we're never less. He was a, you know, a reporter at Rimeon, uh, Slyman, right. Time and two time. We just had that wonderful luck shot. 5 670 560, palm 560 and we've arrived in Siggular Bible Son. I like to show just so much better this way, you know, what way? In his first, uh, color two, a here and a here and just get on with some business. Okay, that's the way I like it. That's Casey would say. Hey, Casey. Get Casey. He's still around. I wonder if he's still got all in birds. W to Q a n. Hello. They're fairly. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, to see a band. Yeah. Uh, rock music and the NBA. Excellent. Outstanding. And his mild kind of like, uh, what was that? I was a little cigarette was that. Outstanding. I mean, his mild. Out of the pole ball. Now, outstanding. What's Andy or my? Book of the world. Now, Winston states good like a cigarette should. That. And uh, I don't know how to stand in the end. Maybe it was, uh, I don't know. Lucky. It's been so long since we had those great TV, uh, uh, cigarette spots. Let's bring them back. Come on. Let's have some faggot on TV. Other than beside Quiresfolk and Will and Grace. Geese. 6, 16. Oh, somebody must have made that number up. Guaranteed. Now, we get those endopolder. Those were two good choices. Yeah, they're on it. Well, he is. You are a little just a little on the testy side. No, sir. Little testy. Maybe it's good. He's hover over. Oh, that's what it is from that thing you dragged him to last night. I thought it was maybe that, uh, that is punishing him for all this extra, this extra mirror, what sex he's had moved his girlfriend. Yeah, he's doing these having extra sex. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Extras. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Lots and lots and lots and that's why you're going to get lots and lots of punishment, Mr. If you don't, if you don't repent, don't you understand these are the final days. So you already filled this court. I know he's going for extra. Yeah, he filled it all right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pock. Pock. Pock, 5, 60, I'd be Verizon and singular wireless lines. What's that, a song we got over and over, yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm telling you better, man, you're ways to the Lord, Mr. He's going to like, stick that magic finger somewhere where you at least expect it. And then, then you will fear him. Tell him you're right now. Just guys, George, he was one, one of those. Holy, rolling, Jesus, uh, people. That I got better. Yeah, any healed. 11, 56 and 5, 16, WCM. This is Mark. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on Q8. Yeah. Glory. Glory to God, Glory to Lord. Glory to Lord. Glory to Lord. Glory to God. Glory to Lord. Glory to Lord. The night, said, over with that view, he said, that, he said, he said, a lot of not even talk about me in our life. Yes, I don't give a crack like that, very necessary. And he said, he said, he said, what? He said, what? To be a good, good, good, good, good, good. I all have you, no? I know what I'm talking about. I'm removering in Tagando. I know he gave me them down, and on my way to lotss them down. That's all I'm doing best for this night's flight. What do I say? I don't know why I'm talking. Oh, I need your back as well. Sorry. What's drink that I don't want to drink that I don't want. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. You're so good. I'm such a boy. You're a fucking coward. Why you? You're a coward. I'm like, oh, you're a spoiled old fool. I know everything is going on with that old. Why I even know all the new Marjorie rules. I'm getting to the judge, Daddy. You're a judge, I'm a doctor, I'm a lawyer. It's a bad issue when I take this race. I know I ain't no less oily. But when they drop, I boys will change. A little school thing? That's what I really do. I don't want to do that. I want to do that. That's what I do. That's what I do. I don't want to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. He's been around for a while. He's a little long in the tooth for me at this point. Exactly. He's on his face, pal. Al Michael's put him on the upper will really be very upset about that. I'll be. I hit my finger on that. I'm going to do that. I'll be right there. Well, it's all about the. We can't even crack 700 votes on this thing can pull him out. What is this? 699 my ass. Oh, well, I'm not doing this no more. This is what I've looked at at days. It will be. I'm going to do that. It's going to be. Let's see. Let's see. I haven't yesterday just one point. Yes. I said. What? What? Only one. It's going on. How's it going? It's good. And you're on. I just want to let you know. I called a mobile. I'm giving more ration just about every day. And I have a payment for it. Well, I don't blame it for it. I do it in your honor. I see. We don't have doors to use funny stuff. I have a good time. I have an opportunity to take control of fish for the first time. It kind of sounds. It's funny. So I had to try it. I put some, I don't know what kind of sauce. Coach. Coach. Coach. It's Coach your man's faculty. You guys put on it, right? What is it? Coach your man's faculty? Well, you talking about man. Come on. Think about it. You got. You think about it. Your about his 20 is a heart attack. Like I said, don't call anybody. I'm a little bit pathetic. 560, 560, pound 560, leave a rise in singular wireless lines. Stack a list. WKOM. When I'm listening to Todd Keller's updates, I like to grow up. Peanut butter on my nipples. No, not a ride. Excellent. I thought I would be a little bit more important. For now. Now I would finally make it worse my while coming in today. Well, the only place I've ever read. Right. Right, though. WKOM. WKOM. Hello. I wonder if it's the chunkier of the smooth. KOM. Yes, sir. I'm fine. I'm fine. How are you? Okay. Hey, I got one for your pole. Okay. It's him. Oh, sound like he's talking to a minus muffler or something. WKOM. Got cash and fresh ammo. The rest you can get afterwards. All right. He's ready. He's prepared. He read that law. That's right. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. First question. You've got that Jimmy Danks. Yeah. I thought my kid with me today and she's got a friend named Jimmy and I've always told her about her. I was wondering if she guys could play it. Okay, man. No problem. And with the other thing in the course of the time. George last week you were doing a playing some instructional tapes when you were opening documentary there. Yeah. What was the website? Something weird.com. Thanks, brother. I was a little bit of a family. No extra charge. I don't know. What was that about? I was playing on Friday. We had films for today. I played a documentary about Lesbian. I'm going to be here in about this. No question about it. Are you? I think Maddie Bell had a point. Just filled the private and disgusting perversion. Excellent job. Thank you. WKOM. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Good. Good. We'll talk about it. We'll talk about it. We'll. We'll. We'll. We'll. We'll. We'll. We'll. We'll. I think he I think he are good. There they're coming. Yeah. WQAM like the I guess who QAM hello. Hey, it's Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, man. I was a girl. Okay. Okay. Anyways. I have a conspiracy theory for you. Yeah. I think that condolese arrives. Good. Good. Change place. Then they're going to say George Bush's assassination. Condolese arrives to come to first. Okay. Great. We're going to be in our buttons. Yeah. Seven away. Well, that's kind of great. We got over seven under we need to get to about eight thirty. I would think. What? About thirty minutes. Top of a one clock. We're not going to make that 1000. We're going to be really. All boy. Gonna be so depressed. I tell you one thing. Nobody's going to top that child. Tell her her peanut butter call. That was the best. Oh, yeah. You can sure it. But you can't top it. It's 11 passed. You'll look at this. Warren Iraq. Is there we're going to? No, I'm Tom Moussel. Our notchip or philuca. Think of the devil. Security along the once notorious airport road. And back dad has mesh probably improved. Right now. Notchip where we're. Why, what do you think of it? Get in her off man. Talk about a glacier cup. She's just pathetic. That's doctor rise to you, Neil. Okay. Like I said, doctor rise pathetic. I wonder she's like instant or. Let's see other kind of rest they got regular. Not even a minute rice right? That's the instant. see what's the other kind like regular regular just we constitute it right we constitute the condy it's a 127th of noon at 567 come we got shit I'm just trying to keep you alive. This brings to your death to your eyes. The convulence of our eyes is so fresh. Somebody, a faction who says, Ancily, the question, Condolese is brown rice. That's not acute. And it says, can you say that without being slept with a big fat fine? Not even a small fine. How do you like that? Well, we're fine. That's all right. We can say that. Light brown rice. Right. It's a tiny, tiny flu. Man, I'm making tiny flu. It made my glasses misclined. No, there you go. And everybody all with Teppano, Friends you about bird flu. So if the hurricane doesn't get you, you're going to die anyway from the bird flu. So why worry about it? I just walk around out there and like I'm columns out. It'll be good. Have some fun as we can, right? Go to trial. Shattered. Deck by back pain. Old Billy Shattered. Good Canadian boy. I go to a fox. Another good Canadian boy. Who makes me very nervous when I see him. I know that sounds very insensitive, but I just want to see him. I understand he's got his issues. He's got his Parkinson's, but I just can't watch him. Because he just keeps moving around. I mean, what do you mean? You know what I mean? Right. Pause the legal star. What you're in a shadow was taken to a hospital from the set of ABC series after complaining of Lord back pain. Oh my God. His spokeswoman said, Shattered 74 completed filming yesterday at the Manhattan Beach studio in the problem occurred. He was being checked out at a nearby hospital, but expected to return to work today or else. The actor played Captain Jerk and original Star Trek series was even an amelized month for a 12-bit journey. Then he crane on the ABC series. Boston Legal. Is that a good show? Never seen it. Tive? No. Never seen it. No. I've never seen it. It was a second amelie from climate character. It was first introduced on ABC's. The practice before started. Tresh and also played the central character in a well-regarded trial. It's on episode Nightmare 20,000 feet in 1963. And appeared in dozens of live TV production in the future. Films including. The first TV show he was on was medic with the Richard Boone. Richard and Novat. And they haven't even known what either because it's not in the story. You idiots. An native of Montreal. He attended the McEulian University where a bud abilding his name after him. He also breeds and shows American saddle-breds and quarter horses. You know, that's all a fight for the director of Fila. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds good. They're better than it was a rabies. Well, that Brownie Brown was a little in with. We had a total of 739 votes. So we did another. I would say another 100 this between now and one clock. We can do that. Can we have 41 minutes? Now, piece of cake. You can do it. Oh, it's big and that's a good thing that we had the Bill Shatter story there about his horse breeding because the story I told you about from C. Atlas morning. Yeah. Fits right in now. Tresh passing charge in horse sex case. And Enem claw. Excuse me if I'm not pronounced in that right. But I never been to C. Huh? How are you saying that? Edema Claw. And Enema Claw, your man, who authority say help run a farm where people had sex with animals. And where is Seattle man died doing so with the horse. Here's the pimple of the real stable. Was tried. Did you have what I just said? And where is Seattle man died doing so with the horse? Would Charlie with a Mr. Meenor yesterday? It's good to be a person. Yeah. Police began investigating James Tate 54. And another man who lived to the world's southeast King County farm. After the Seattle man died of injuries suffered during intercourse with a horse in the summer of course. And was that thing intercourse with a horse that added a down to that. How is that? A bit as a course. Yeah. The criminal fresh passing charge stems from a July 2nd BCality session involving Tate, the 45 year old Seattle man in a horse and neighbors barn. A paper say. Of course the King County medical examiner's orifice. The Seattle man died of acute pertenitis due to the perforation of the colon. I see. Tate said it on time. They were unsuccessful. King County prosecutor says the most severe charge they could. Files Washington is one of more than a dozen states that does not outlaw beast. All brother. There's no evidence of injury to the animal to support animal cruelty charges. A dense center bird. The county prosecutor see for staff. This is the only crowd we can charge. And what if he's related to Lee Saddleberg? Remember this morning when you were telling me about that story. I said is that illegal there? I guess we know. There you go. When interviewed by the Seattle times July 15th, the horse owners said they had known their neighbor for years. A couple of last year their names would help a protected privacy. They said they were shocked when police showed them the home video of these last second incident. And then investigate and see some of the neighbors home. They're couple identified their barn and their horse. According to the King County Sheriff's orifice, which also investigated the farm was known in internet chat rooms as the destination for people to want to have sex with livestock. I'm done. I can't stand it no more. I can't take it no more. Authorities didn't learn about the farm until July the 2th when a man drove to the hospital. In a medical assistant's for companion. We'll see a man into an examination room and we'll see he was already dead. When hospital workers looked for the man who had dropped him off he was long gone. Oh yeah. That's really hard. Well, we would say long gone. Using the dead man's driver license attract our rotors and acquaintances and investigate his willing to the animal claw farm. Because the other man lived at the farm wasn't there the night to see a man died. He wasn't charged with trespassing, Saddleberg said. Tableby ran out of October 27, he faces up to a year in jail and a $5,000 fine of convicted. The Seattle man isn't being identified because his family asked it as name up he released. The man's brother said he understands that prosecutors can't file a felony charge. The remains disappointed that tape won't face more than a year behind bars. In the wake of the man's death state senator Pam Roach has said he plans to draft legislation making beastly alley illegal in Washington. A little bit overgo ahead. I know they were kind of liberal up there in the Great Northwest but that's a little bit much too liberal for even some of us per day. You don't hear the animals complain to you. Oh God. Okay, who are what? If it reminds us of America's celebration of mediocrity, that's our full question today. We got 745 votes, 745, we're still alive. George W. Bush 360 and I'll say it again, not even close to mediocre. Not even anywhere near that standard. Wave below it. The education system 103, especially in Florida and the beef South, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia. Democratic Party 66. TV 47 boy, it is so bad. Thank God I got my 80 million channels on my cable, my digital cable. Thank God for that. As a matter of fact, we might even watch a little bit of a little leaf slunch right now for you. You're not going to turn up as me. I see there you go. TV 47, the NFL 26 Congress 22 of two John Kerry 22. Brownie Brown, heck of a job 21, Harriet Myers 20. Congolese 17, your next president, Al Gore 14, Julie women 13, rap music 3, the NBA is going to appear and Al Michaels has won. Solomon T. Uno out of 752. I bet you're not going to be like foaming it to mouth about that. He might go out and buy four pounds of astronomy. Let me say it again. I would start to be a refrigerator. Not with a bunch of perishable stuff. Of course, not with like frozen stuff. I guess it's not going to be a star. Well, yeah, it is. Yeah, well, that's because I'm going to livestock the refrigerator. No, no listen to me because that's the first of you. We designed to that might be perishable. And then you go to your can goes after that. That is correct. Of course, you lose your electricity. And you know, all that stuff is going to spruly. So we did fast. If I don't hold much of people over crack out all those Omaha stakes that you got all of them are great. We're buys and all those fabulous broadwares from Omaha stakes. Cordon Omony, this is just a little bit more about Harry Myers. I just love that. You think that Marina is trying to say something there? Yeah, I think she's really trying to say, hey, Harriet, you're sorry. President Bush is Supreme Court nominee. Harriet Myers, pledge support in 1989 for a constitutional amendment that would ban abortions except when necessary to save the life of the woman. Ms. Myers expressed to a support for such an amendment in April 89 survey sent up by Texans United for life. The disclosure virtually guarantees that Ms. Myers will be questioned heavily during her years before the Senate Judiciary Committee on abortion rights. And whether she can separate her personal views from legal issues. As a candidate for a seat on the Dallocity Council, Ms. Myers answered yes to the following question. If Congress passes a human life amendment to the Constitution that would prohibit abortion except when it was necessary to prevent the death of the mother, would you actively support its ratification by the Texas legislature? Ms. Myers answered yes to all the organizations questions, including whether she would oppose the use of public money for abortion, whether she would use her influence to keep pro abortion people off city health boards and commissions. Ms. Myers also said she would refuse the endorsement of any organization that supported abortion on demand. Would use her influence as elected official to promote the pro life cause and would participate in pro life rallies and special events. But Ms. Myers also took a position that upset some conservatives during the 89 campaign. Sen. she supported equal civil rights for gay men and lesbians, although she didn't support repeating a local ban on Saudi-me. A copy of the 89 survey accompanied a 57-page question here that Ms. Myers told out for the Senate. The Senate question here made public yesterday morning, includes material ranging from routine by graphical data to Ms. Myers use on judicial activism. The Senator Chubshu or New York and member of the judiciary committee was not impressed. The question here was by partisan reasonable but the answers are disappointing, spare and unilluminating he said. They're disappointing and unilluminating. They're going to grill her ass man. You'll see. Make it on a stick about it. I got to have a little. It's the change of seasons now. Get your vix. Don't add vix just a little drop of soil. Just a drop of it. Get some vix to show. Just a drop. I'll be a Blake. Have it or too much about him. Because that civil trial is going on and we got bigger fish to fry. And in fact, there's so. Oh, and if I look at this, speak of the devil. You're beautiful. And you're just for everything you say to somebody. I'm going to say right now. Seriously, you're people in the media need to be taken out and just whipped and smashed. You need to be drawn and cordured. It's pathetic. Those are this Daniel Horowitz. Most people would know Daniel Horowitz from Vladimir Horowitz. Right? Right? Why are they talking about, oh, well, he's a commentator for MSNBC and his wife got killed. Who cares? Okay? I was just about to say we don't hear any more about the Tuba in a rubah or Terry and her Tuba. You. This other stuff, you know. It's the hysterical piece of garbage. Do you sure that the media used to obfuscate and to dry everybody's attention away from the obvious. But all this heavy duty with plain gate going on with the hurricane coming with the NFC doton the fraud after a Katrina and read all his other stuff and they're worried about the Daniel Freakin Horowitz. Well, I guess what? Yamama. That's my comment to him. And by the way, happy circus. Saturday night live. You wish she was lying then when she was alive at the orange hole, you wish she wasn't. Now you wish she hit the road and she is. It's the Ashley Simpson. Why is she lying to her? Yeah, everyone. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You wish you had her six. You wish you go back to lipstick. You wish you could get her refund. How did he say? He was proven. Ashley Simpson. Why is she lying to her? Yeah, everyone. I love you. I love you. I love you. The Ashley Simpson. Why is she lying to her? It's a lie. The event that will make you wish you were. I love you. Thank you. Thanks for your facts. This is an excellent choice. It epitomizes exactly what we're talking about. Ashley Simpson. All right. We'll put her on there. Okay. And you know what else to put on there? Oh, Victoria got it. I wouldn't give her mediocre. Well, I mean, if we can give Bush mediocre, that's the best we can do. Maybe one day we'll do a poll about what best to minimize America's celebration of a way beneath mediocre. We'll talk about a juction of all whatever creature. No. We would you just go through doing that yesterday, didn't we? Was it? I knew kids out there. That's what's smoking too much. Bad cheap weed. I'll do to your brain, man. You can't remember what you had for breakfast this morning. Let's go cheap weed. What did you have for breakfast this morning? See? You can say it. Cuban sandwich. Cuban sandwich for breakfast. Oh, my God. I don't know. That Miguel is a rubber off on you. No. And we get back to Bobby Blake. A defense attorney in the wrongful death lawsuit against Robert Blake yesterday. Try to bolster the theory that many people wanted to be actors. wife Dennis George has told us for a long time. The big head of common. And I seconded an emotion heartily. Attorney Peter is all cited letter written by Bonnie Lee, Bacley to work probation officer of the claim. I've almost been killed a half dozen times. Either his own or Blake elaborated on what Bacley was referring to, Blake indicated the letter was written between November 99 and June 2000. When Bacley was pregnant with a couple's daughter, Rosie now fired. Poor little Rosie. Is that crackling Rosie? Blake was acquitted of murder and march, but Bacley should run out suing him for damages. Neil Diamond really just annoys the hell out of me. I want to know why because you really believe he's a singer. That's what Bobby, take himself seriously. I think you're that's a very disturbing. And the fact that you told him he was Jewish just makes me more anti-Somantic. Bacley was acquitted murder march, but Bacley's silver not suing for damages was saying was, I don't understand this. The answer to the test of Inaz criminal trial has to be OIC. There is part of it. That's why can't I understand it. Because like the right hand margin is missing here. He will take the stand in the civil trial. He's been honest, since last week. How come they're not covering in that? We have to keep here to my Daniel Horowitz. Nobody even knows who the hell that is. Much less his wife. And meanwhile, Bonnie Bacley and our good buddy Bobby Blake. Uh, with nothing more. Blake has repeated his 90 killing his wife. He claims he left her in a cart. He'll go back inside to retrieve a hand. He walked to a shooter. I mean, then for he went back inside. Blake was also questioning yesterday about private investigators. He had to look at who his wife passed, including a mail order business which he used new photos of herself in promises of sex from man. To give money from me. See if there's something missing. Well, she's dead. Does anybody care? No. Bonnie Lee. They can't come out. That's case. As far as there's scummy families concerned. Yeah. They got to come into. 791. This is lots of fun. We're going to do it today, Josh. Court is hunting like that. It's like a being your bonnet or whatever else is on it. Maybe some peanut butter on it. So then I do well. We're going to have 800 before you can say that if you're Greg is an idiot. I can say it because everybody knows it. Hey, we got the mole mice to come up and prove it. Wait to hear this. I want to start spreading this propaganda about. Oh, I'm going to say that. Ocean warming threatens Antarctic life. See ice melts and glacier shrink and accelerating weight. The kind of stocks of krill hits the entire food chain. Great. I think we were born about. Or was that song born too late? Who did that? 20 tales? 4 and 2 late. I better look it up, should I? If you're going to sing, maybe 4 or 2 late. Oh, I'll find it. I got my big hand. You billed. I'm going to get new one of these. Is this one's fallen all apart? Have you got that song? No. You know? I still don't understand where you got it. Or just listen. 1960 up. So obviously before it, it wasn't a hit. Pass 1960. That's all. Well, born too late by the ponytails was hit in 758 July 58. Say, hey, alright. The ponytails. How do you like that? Very good. I don't know if I told you old friend Jeff Cohen is going to chuck a lot of that. Or maybe we're going to get a grab. Remember Jeff Cohen used to like us a lot? He's still there. No, he doesn't. Until until I'm Berkeley screw that all. Hey, Berkeley by the way, everybody's forgotten about you, honey. She is really doing my help a job. Her and Todd record man. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa. I'm coming out. I got that. I got that. I got that. Yeah, right. The nandruff in my life. Who doesn't depend on that crowd? I'll tell you that right now. 794 on there and by the time we come back after the next break, we'll be over 800. So what I say we need to buy the time for the R by the 820-830. Some like that. 30. Huh? We'll have it. We're going to ease on in this time on like yesterday. I had green apple quister for hours after that. Anyway, you'll have you all after hearing this from the Guardian. And scientists working in Antarctica give this covered in alarming rise in sea temperature. That threatens to disrupt populations of penguins, whales, seals on a host of smaller creatures with them in a few decades. And one of those penguins are off to such a large east star. Hang with that up to that movie we saw. You know, it's difficult because being one movie wasn't the march of the penguins. That was, uh, is such a big hit. It is. Yeah, it is. Hockey movie. You know, study shows the ocean was the Antarctic Peninsula's warm by more than the degrees since the sixties, compounding computer models and experts who believe that the combination of ice winds and currents would keep the water cool. And she'll fragile marine creatures from the effects of climate change. This is the first evidence that the key sub an ocean is getting warmer. A finding with potentially severe implications for wildlife. Lloyd Peck and marine biologists with a British Antarctic survey said the sea temperature is going up and away that wasn't predicted. This makes me more worried for the marine animals. The evidence we've got at the model who been looking for at said sea temperature was not likely to change much in the Antarctic. A one degree increase puts us into the reason where the animals are pushed to one under their biological physiological and ecological capabilities. In other words, pretty soon they're going to be saying. I'm dying out of here animals that live on the sea that are on Antarctic. Where the summertime water temperatures currently peak at about .5 degrees Celsius are sensitive to small shifts in temperature. In water just two degrees warmer, mollusks became unable to bury themselves in sea bed sediment. Limplets cannot turn over and scallops those the ability to swim and I do love scallops especially broiled in butter. These changes have made them more susceptible to predators disrupting the food chain and quickly invangering larger animals and birds. And the warming goes on at the same rate for 50 years or 100 years. Then lots of popularly preventables I work on and maybe entire species will be a risk professor peck said. How do you like that? And the public sits back and they're talking about sticking Daniel freaking Horowitz over to hell. This is a native right. Then it's clever. You're squatting. Oh, double y'all. On a comfortable car protects us with a guitar on my knee while they died in the weezy and I'm high risk as for the tea. Oh, the tea not don't put no blame on me as I come from my vacation for a full of opportunities. Swing your partner around and round. Now build a swimming pool in the water list now. And swim to the left to the right. Here we go. Sight a little mud out. Don't. Dream out. Life in those people's feet. For the personal easy and authentic and for care right here. Push to Christmas ability. After Michael Brown resigned. I bet you're proud of second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was FEMA. Broken levees. FEMA was nowhere besides. FEMA. Even with one aim. FEMA's boss was in bright. When the storm was over. Water was everywhere. But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there. Baby FEMA. No, the contests. They went to Halibuton. FEMA. Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt. When it's rich people hurt. FEMA. California 821 vote on there. When I tell you, we'll have even more than eight. About thirty minutes. By the top of this arm. And we're going to slide in there. Just like Jackie Robinson said in the home play. The school home in the world. World serious 53. Remember that? Oh yeah. And it was young. And I'll bet out of shape in the act like duck was a squawk in the own. You're like this to a George. It's right up your alley. Great. A poor Connecticut. Beast the LED. Second grade even better than that. Second grade brings pot on school trip. How much? Well, I get to a second grade who brought more than a dozen bags of marijuana. How? Second grade who brought more than a dozen bags of marijuana. School will not face criminal charges. But his uncle will. The eight year old student at Dunbar School in Bridge Park in Connecticut found his uncle's stange and brought it on a school field trip Friday. The show for ends, police said a teacher found the boy stuffing bags of pot into his pockets during the trip to Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History. Remember Mr. Peabody? Yes, I do. Sure. Well, you immediately contact the sick department of children and family. You know, Peabody Mass. I was thinking about this the other day about the. You got a hand into the people in the women. They sure know how to. They had these bizarre way of for now. For example, like there's Concord, Michigan. But in New Hampshire it's Convertor, right? Yeah. And it's like not Peabody, but Peabody. And it's not like now framing him is framing him. But the other words, like like HAA, like Stonum and Windham. Anyway, just kind of strange. Anyway, we immediately contacted the state department of children and families because we were more concerned about the youngsters at Michael Giannadi, a spokesman for the school system. After an investigation, we decided not to suspend the youngsters because we don't feel over any malice on his part. And maybe he shared with the teachers. His uncle, eighteen year old. That makes you wait. When I said his uncle, you felt like some forty year old guy, right? I thought twenty something. His uncle, eighteen year old Albert Davidson, a Stanford candidate, which ours was a possession of marijuana with intent to sell. possession of marijuana with intent to sell within fifteen hundred feet of his school. And risk of injury to a minor. He was released after posting a thousand dollars a month. If he had a scale by the way, it's quite a bullet malice. He would have sent that swat team in there. He would always crack away. How's that kid do? That Martin is what was his name? We could never pronounce it. Remember? Oh, that's right. Whatever his name was. It was a stupid. I was a big boy. Eight hundred and twenty six votes. Yeah, he was a scared. He was a deer. He was a dangerous guy. He was a dangerous guy. And a swat team went into a big, bad swat guy. He was a dangerous guy. He was a dangerous guy. Because he looked really dangerous. And that was before October one by the way. Eight twenty six and his pool. Man, I got a feeling that we're going to do it. I can smell it. Oh, no, that must be Ashden Kuchi on this Kuchi cool. I'm Mr. Promo. You think it all? No, I can't say that. What is this stupid movie? Guess who is that the movie? I don't know. Is that such a movie? I don't know. He's bad man. He's so bad. Everything he's in is crap. All he said, that 70 show was good in the beginning. I find that hard to believe. It was cute. But I was talking about good about it. The red head. They had their little scream around there who's still on the show. They had Ashden Kuchi cool. Definitely is an old smoothie. You make no mistake about that. He got nothing. And everybody, I showed you just annoying. The parents were the funny things in the show. I see. I'll take you word for. I watched it. 560, 560, 560, and he Verizon, and Singular Wireless Land. We all look coming this weekend. We got the big ratings book for the summer coming out on Friday. We got maybe some indictments. Any moment come out in the plane gate. And who knows? That'd be a really heavy duty week. Yeah, I was always picked the great times to come back from vacation. If you recall back in 2001, I was on vacation in September. When I came back home on a Sunday, I went on the armament. Everything was just fine. I came back to the morning. And by the big was 911. Right. Yeah. So they were after I came back. It's your fault. WQAM Hello. I like to get a message to you. WQAM Hello. I like to get a message to you. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. It's twins. Yeah. That must have been the oldson twins. Johnny and Eddie. Remember Johnny Olson? I remember Jimmy Olson. Still dead. Both. WQAM Hello. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy, watch it. I can play that all right. We have played that. Thank you. Ah. Well, I'm sorry. When you get to be old in Phoenix, you know. And Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Danny and Ray. Jimmy and Amy. Danny and Amy. Jimmy and Amy. Jimmy and Amy. Jimmy and Amy. Jimmy and Amy. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Amy. Jimmy and Amy. Danyone and Noah is dead right? Yeah we canY обнаруж from Ne shea have a small thing from Little Webb Arhawal. they remix and re Cast reps they CC%%&&&&&& and all 13 festivals they're today many planning on farming and materials and youtubers generally planning, the for Danny and Danny and Bears Danny, board from valley se to AUDIENCE 1253, so we answered you did it in there. Thank you so much by the way. You like this to also Sydney Australia, group condemns chicken choking toy. True story. Oh, I see that toy. A chicken toy that squawks and flaccades wins when strangled is grossly irresponsible and sends the wrong message to you. I'm sure when I spoke some for leading animal welfare groups in yesterday and Sydney Australia. But they sure have to promise down on your don't they? Probably they don't have any. The toys manufactured by a Taiwanese company and is widely available in toy electronics stores across Australia and marketed for kids over the age of three. A product description on the website of J. Car Electronics, a major Australian importer of toy says, grabbing by the neck and he'll squawk and clock like mad, clapping his wings and feet wildly as he's really being as if he's really being choked. But Michael Bady is spokesman for the Queensland state branch of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Coolity to Animals said the toy was grossly irresponsible and said to our message to young children, what's next? Burn a cat, shoot a dog, baby said, children of that age are likely to turn around and try the same thing on their pet bird, even the cat or dog. Then they're going to wonder why the animal fights back. D. Car's managing director Gary Johnstone said he was amused and mystified by the RSPCA's response. I would have thoughts today would have better things to do like saving real animals from cruelty Johnstone said, this is a toy that's used to relieve stress. It's meant to be a bit of a eagle kind of like, just like that. That's exactly right. That toy is a little big over here in there right? In any way, quick joke. It's crazy people. Profit the 6 and 5, 16 WQA, I'm a boy. It's the one to two hours. The White House and somebody to the studio said he'd get paid if he plugged the bushes in the rain. The AY OLEP OLA. They walked up to him off a 240 gram to spin a few lies in a number of their waspale OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. The AY OLEP OLA. Uh-oh what? Wow! They told şeyler and Cersarming lots of things. Okay,𝙇—day, merry, merry y'all. Now I need a little bit. to play. Oh, I'm going to play. Oh, I'm going to play. Oh, I'm going to play. Oh, I'm going to play. Have you seen the spectacular jump that Eric has done on our website? I haven't checked it out. But I'm going to take a look at it right now, man. Right at the very top. There's the tracking map from the National Hurricane Center. But even more importantly than that, underneath it, it's got all the logo. There's the QAM logos. It says, how a hurricane will modify soft photo sports and the gambling odds. Keep your radio tuned to 5.62 ampersh exclusive teen cover. That's a great. All right. You're full. That's great. That's great. That's going to surprise that Josh was right on top of that. Didn't even see it, did you? Looking at it now. Although the highlight definitely the managed thing from the Sun civil. Man, that's incredible that a more horseman or a newspaper like that has got somebody on stand to come up with something creative and really a real panic like that. As only a round night dog could be hit on four to seven to seven to seven. You know, by the way, following his post personal broadcast partner the Mollmester. What was to just are in a love fest? You think? No. 849 and we got an hour to go. So to a clock, what do you think? 849, 151. What do we do? About to two and a half, some minutes. So make a half of what right now. Now, I do this story with great trepidation because I know for a first example. Yesterday's pool. I've not just people, most of my shares characters on a TV show. The winner hands down. Would it either be Jonathan or what tells your name from guiding light, Ross's daughter? What else do you name? I came to think of enough. But anyway, there would be one of them. Diet, dina. Nothing would be finer than to blow away dina. The winner for what? But they would win the most of Naksha's TV, but we don't have any women listening. So an only women and all of the facts like me watched Shady Gating Light. So nobody would know who they are, Jonathan and Dina. There couldn't possibly be more of Naksha's characters in the history of TV than those pair. So in line with that history too, I do with great trepidation because most of the guys out there are busy going shopping in the supermarket for like hand soap. Not soap. What do they call that? Well, they did this look with it. And what's the other stuff? I got to write in my kitchen sink there. Look what soap. Look what soap. And I've already a long time ago. And once ago I said, do not go and get the anti-bacterial. Make sure it doesn't say that on the label. Please. And now it says it seems hard to go wrong with hand soap. It kills 99% of germs and counters. But critics of anti-bacterial soaps in the home say there's plenty to be concerned about. How do you like that? If it isn't the earthquake, if it isn't the hurricane, it's... Oh my God. So don't drop it. A government advisory panel will take a look at this tomorrow. The popularity of soaps in other products claiming anti-bacterial property skyrocketed during the last decade. As consumers turn to them as a defense against household illness. But some people can tend to have a number of the products, especially those that use synthetic chemicals rather than alcohol or bleach. Those that are risking creating germs that are resistant to anti-bacterials as well as anti-bionics. Those critters say anti-bacterials are no more effective than regular soap and reducing infections in the list. The FDA and briefing documents posted on the internet, say head of tomorrow's hearing, said the agency hasn't found any medical studies that definitively links specific anti-bacterial products to reduce infection rates. Unlike anti-bacterial products, regular households soaps separate bacteria from the skin, so they wash down the drain and retention of the hand towel and hands are dried. Anti-bacterial soap kills the bacteria outright. It kills them. Many factors disagree with me in the critics' claims while both sides point to studies. They see support at their point of view. And if the EPA panel have independent experts, we'll take up these concerns in a pubicuring tomorrow. How do you like that? Well, good. Good. Let us know. Critics like Dr. Stuart Levy, president of the Alliance for Putin use of antibiotics says these products should be banned for use in healthy households. Instead, he says keep them where they're needed in hospitals and homes with very sick people. And a greater risk if they get a bacterial infection. We run the risk of changing the kinds of bacteria we're confronted every day in the home suddenly. If Professor of Medicine and Molecular Biology at Tufts, University School of Medicine. He says the small percentage of bacteria that survive a brush with the soap may develop resistance to it. What's more is that some surviving bacteria may have an improved ability to pump out all threatting substances including antibiotics use the cure infection. How do you like that when it's out or competent out? So, do whatever you want because we're all going to cope one of these days. Just to, we're going to have part of God's plan, man. He works in very mysterious ways. It's part of the plan to get suffer on earth. And then if we are real, real nice and do all of our, you know, peace and cues, then we can go out there and be with a Lord. Right? Right. But we can be up there with Tracy Lord. I'll leave her to you. 871. I'll look for Brandon to build up. I'll have a full-time search. Hey Brandon. This would hurt. 871. Who are what best to minimize this America's celebration of mediocrity? George W. Bush 426. There ain't nobody close to the Bush monster, even though he's so far below mediocrity that we don't even have a category. They haven't invented a category that low yet. Education system, 123. And he's a good product of it. Democratic Party 72, TV 49, garbage man, gets worse and worse and worse and worse. And FL 29, 28. A downtown Brownie Browns got 25. Congress 24, Harriet Myers 23, John Kerry 22. Kind of leaves up. Maybe your next vice president 20. Would not be so. Al Gore 16. Julie women is right on Al's butt 15. Has that interesting that they ran as a ticket and they're right there together. And that appropriate. Julie women, the guy that cost Allen, he chance to win even with the election. No, you know, he did win. But Al right. That was it. And there's nobody talks about that. I'm the only one that's got the balls to open up a big fat stupid mouth. You don't put an Orthodox Jew on the ticket. Except people in the South, right next to the South. Gonna vote free Orthodox Jew for vice president. No chance. Me, me, me. Yeah, right. Rap music 10. Parasult and eight. Ashley Simpson three. Al Michael's tree. I'm how you like that. Victoria got into it. And the NBA's got a pair out of 871. So we need a hundred 29 votes in 53 minutes. That should be uh, eight, seventy five, 125. Yeah, piece of cake. I don't be so sure. Remember yesterday we had a battle in man. They were playing with us because they were two. You know, this sitting there, I'm out. I'm going to click it. Now I'm going to wait. Then I'm going to click it. You know, they're clicking it. They're playing games. How many QA in? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. John Lake, we saw him off 40 million Hispanics in the country. And the guy is everywhere. Who? John Lake, was I'm off the actor? I have no idea what was all that. Does anybody know who that is? Yeah, is it a lot of movies? I've never heard him. Okay. Thanks, just a mediocre. Okay, thanks. 99. What's my name? Exactly. That's what I was thinking. Come in QA, hello. Come on. Let me see. When you bring it from the bowels, that's what always impresses me a lot. When you bring it from the toes all the way through. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty in the rice horizon and singular wireless line. Man. There could be like a whole department of psychiatry on top show cars. You know, a whole level of whatever. I think it's worthy of a study. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Let's get some line to connect with study. Have we got a lot of expertise in it? WQAM, hello. We just film and J-line up to your poll. Two good choices. Okay, even though I like wages, but that's good. What's the big semi-soda we just did around for our mid years? Now, what's the sudden, he's a hit? I think that's over. Is it? The whole region is there. Supposedly, he's often at show, although he's a, I guess, keeps hanging on. It's big meal. It's big in a boat. Yeah, well, I always held that Notre Dame thing against the man. I like wages, but, you know, he's very mediocre his him. And who's the old J-line-oh? Oh, boy. Woo, man. I'll give you another one. Well, we got TV on there, but these are TV people. How about Bob Shefer? Does that okay, don't give you? Okay, don't give you. Good. Here's some good news. Finally, Jesus. I feel so guilty. Pass along all the bad news, man. Who are kings or earthquakes, disasters, man? Fire shots from building in downtown Miami? That's your looking at. At this point, we have had no reports of anyone on the ground being hit and no one being hurt, including police officers. A initial reports from the police were the first responding officers. We're also fired upon. At this point, again, no reports of anyone being hit. This is a relatively new building about four years old. It's an area of redevelopment in Miami along the Miami River. It separates it from downtown by only a couple of blocks. I can see the county government building practically right next door, which houses the office as a mayor of Miami-Dade County, and all of the administrative hallmarked. At this point, police have cordoned off a wide area around this building. So it is affecting downtown traffic in particular today. On a day when most people up so now has been so concerned about the hurricane working out here. Now I'll focus on this 10 story building and whoever is inside of this. Sure. Now, rad, obviously, well, hey, Kira. Maybe not obvious, but do, SWOT officers know where which apartment the shots are being fired from. And if they do know which apartment, which window, do they know who lives in that apartment? Is it possible the person that actually lives in that building is the one firing those people? I don't know how many Joel is involved in this. I mean, the book has even come out yet, Joel. Don't get don't lose. You know what they tell us or how many two different things. But presumably if they do know where they're living, they can do the window. The river and one other window. Because it runs as red bird-eyed, barbecue. So they know what unity is. If they know exactly who's inside and what's part of all of this, at this point, they're not telling us. They're trying to cope with this situation. And this we follow what's happened to situations like this in the past. They'll try to set up some kind of an avenue of communication. Okay, well, we got some nuts job in downtown Miami and building your fire and some shots. This is probably even target practice. Getting some of the, just letting off a little steam before they hurry came. When you think it's good to be small when you have snipers running around. Speaking of people who don't hear how's Miss Mark Potter doing these days. I want to speak in a no hear what a segue in the worst spot for Chuck Alphayiri. Charlie's been helping the famous and infamous look their best row. We're 30 long, amazing years now because not to hurt me. Maybe I'll say it like Charlie. You never recognize his work because it looks like real hair. That's a difference, man. All the other systems they look like straw. They look like muskrats. They look like a joke, a land. A Charlie's natural hairline system looks like real hair. It's going out of your scalp. Nobody even knows a piece. It's 100% undetectable and Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You have nothing lose but that ugly shiny ballspot that makes you look so much older. You try Charlie's system for a month for about 30 days. About 30 days. After a month if you don't love the way listen feels and smells, I did as we turn it for a full refund. Make the call today toll free 1-800-3212413. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York Show. And come out next to 200 bucks off the regular price. $800 of the natural hairline system. Don't forget to secret to upgrade. Here's just to make sure nobody can tell you where you want. And Charlie's system is as natural as it gets for any amount of money and supportable too. Call them today and say goodbye to your bald spot forever. Call 1-800-3212413. It's 1-800-3212413. Around the wicked web, it's Charles Alfieri.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-2-2-3. I'd be the hour less name to the Napoli title and I'll prank it to you. The flagship show of Aramaica. I have a comedy bit here. That's the wrong hotwood you and Harry. It's funny guy. He has blotters too. He's the hell frightened Joe. Blog, plug, plug. That was a sentiment from August Belch who lives across from the pizza town USA and Garfield New Jersey. A very, very talented individual. Thank you for that. I always have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone. Hi Tom. Can't believe how bad this is just a couple. I'm ashamed of ever being associated with you. Well, the latest Aramaicron shows us as number one against dinner. You stink! That Tom always such a panic. Joining me in a studio today and sitting across the desk from me is the author of Deep Thrive Ham and Butterbeams. Mr. Delare, he's a high-dealer. So, do you think bullshit is a liar? No, no, no, no. She's in need of these old friends. Yeah, wow, it's nice to know that. For yourself a lie. You look hungry, child. You like some macaroni and cheese. And that's some cooking right off the earth. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. That old, deep deep. Make me in that deep, you so win. When I eat it, that's so smooth. My tired old cheeks start to swell. And then I fall down, you know. There she goes again. Anyway, somebody says, put Al Franken on the pole. Absolutely. Al Franken, you know. Also somebody says, and Ben Affleck. It says vanilla would be a compliment. If we're going to put Ben Affleck, which we should. Because he's, I think he also epitomized this very well. How about Jailo? Okay. No? Sure. We created both our several launches below Mediocer, but that's as low as we can go today. I think she's another extreme case of whatever she is. Yes. Okay. Let's get them both on there. And George Lucas, somebody says, is he a new heights of Mediocerity with episodes one, two and three? It says George Lucas. What is your turn on his face? And then rightfully so. He turned on us. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Lund loading all that swirl. Crap. They hate you George. I mean Lucas. For me. Appeals court lost. I was going to give this good news. The several minutes ago. And I interrupted myself for all the bad news about the shooter. It's not exactly that. We're not going to have a good time. Maybe he's just celebrating because the October 1st laws now like 18 days in effect. Right? Right. We got 903 on there. I bet you if I were a freshman would be a little bit hired in that. Maybe. Like 904. Uh-huh. 905. See, surprise. What do you got? 75. 905 votes in 40 minutes. It's like, uh, two and a half. So, about a half a time and another half a time. We'll do it. A Pills court allows half you all to suit the New York Times. A federal of governor. Uh, this not not Bobby had field. Wasn't that which one was it? Was it Billy Miller? I guess was Bobby Hemfield. The wretched brother was doing a blow and died. Right. This is Stephen Hadfield. Oh, and fact, you know something? What is this on? What's the guardian? I read it the way it says it. And of course, it's a typo. It's a misprint. His name is Stephen Hadfield. Not Hadfield. You idiot. Cheese. Next we're going to put mud hat field on here. The hardest driver. A federal appeals court yesterday. A lot of former Army scientists. And proceed with a level loss to the guest of your times. It claims one of the paper comments on fairly linked him to the 2000 one and thracks killings and by the way, Speaker of that two things. Number one. Thank you so much Mr. President for those low gas prices. Yeah, he's so good. Billy, whatever, we're sure. And thank you for the low gas prices. And whoever said that. I'm tracking the mail. How did we ever catch those? Oh, yeah. I got to write here. But we got a person of interest. Stephen Hadfield. He was the guy. a heavy tax fraud. Today goes into 1 approval registration. So, second but proud to tell you that even distributed massdraw bill, a budget item proposal used to reduce the report on an transfer of series of commos written in 2002 by Nick Kristoff that. F audit the F. senator he investigated had that three years full for and tracks ma Lings. That ve a 5 people nine, the national commons identified Haf Oh Science emit from the same as Mr. Z. an earlier decision to reinstate the case. And it's a life-efficient and bioterrorism, expert work in the late 1990s that the Army's infectious disease lab at Fort D.P. Maryland. In July, a three-jage panel of the Court over turn to federal judges ruling and toss out the case saying that Christophe's column ticket is a whole, that's what they do. Might be considered a fanitory. The time's it asked the court to reconsider. The case now will go back to the federal court now, and we're at least the time, fouls the motion asking the U.S. Supreme Court to the court. How do you like that? And they're back again on here with this so-her-with-sky. Or that was there with the person I like. Is it? I don't know whatever. Seriously, I'm a cousin there. I'm just a police arrived. Well, thanks, friend. Your friend Grace Nansier is then incredible or what? Her hands are all grace. And you know something seems to be on his pole today. If she does, Nancy freaking grace, such as this grace. By the way, Nancy, we got a new law in Florida. I wouldn't come visit the Sunshine State. We got some bad weather coming this weekend. Man reports missing car, but not missing child. And I see your laughin', and I know what you're thinking too. That's terrible. Valparaisal Indiana, a Michigan city man called police report his car missing, but didn't mention that this four-month-old son had been left inside of it. Porter County police officers found the car with a boy inside of our 11 o'clock Sunday night. Parked in front of a home a few miles northwest of Valparaisal. Ever been to Valparaisal? No, don't. They were called by the homies resident who found the car with the drivers door or opened the child inside and nobody else around. Officers said the baby's father, William Cursey, you know how old he is? Not 30 minutes. How two hours later, report the car missing. Cursey called from a house about a mile and a half from where the car was found. Police said he reported missing the car. How did any of them miss placed the car? Oh, you know, especially in Valparaisal Indiana. I didn't acknowledge they being a son behind telling me we still officers found the baby. Investigators said Cursey told them a confusing story about chasing some people into the woods and getting lost. This kind of sounds like Susan Smith a little bit, doesn't it? Well, there's an old, there's another one. Man, old man. I'm not really sure if I had a chance. What's this bitch on CNN to want to cancel him the daytime? But it's on right now. What is her name? I've got a block a brain fart on her. I'm not sure which one would have to take her out first. Huh? No, not the one in the midday. I don't know. The one that's so accommodated now. That's just the news reader. She's got a cure off Phillips. Okay. Cure off Phillips or Susan Smith. Oh, boy. Invite them both to Florida. There appears to be more of the story than we were able to determine the Democratic Party police sergeant. Timothy M. and said his story seems somewhat suspicious. Yeah. Off his arrest in Curecy was with his free role daughter on two kinds of John McLeod, now standing Warren. Florida County, Trump and if his services took us to the above children, Curecy was being held in Puerto County, you're that fine. How do you like that? See, this is what's wrong with a woman is people like this. We're producing forced sterilization. Keep saying those two words right then down on your risk. Write them an indelible ink on your forehead. Force sterilization. That's what we need. Actually to build benefits see what he comes up with. What I've let it take. Yeah. Isn't that interesting? How that just kind of split by Russia and his poppin is that oxies and black. I said the other day below Riley with his phone section, all the other stuff that's going on. And here's Bill Bennett talking about avoiding all black babies to bring the crime rate down. And it's just nothing that these people do. Hold this. Hold any water. Nothing. We're too worried about his clock Rosenberg. Where were the herwits? 918. Now what does that mean? 918. I don't know. What do you think? What does it mean? Not looking good? They can do it. 920. We got like 80 votes in 35 minutes. Well, that's not even three a minute. This audience can't do that in your mama. You'll love this story. Here's what I very, the best. From Bloomington and the, you know, it's how all the good stuff comes from these kind of monthly places lately. The Monroe County jail is within 10 days of running out of most basic supplies, including toilet paper and cleaning materials. The jail commander says because the County Council went a lot into transfer funds to pay for them. They're running out of T.P. It Bloomington and the Monroe County jail. And I took a lot of the council voted against letting jail commander Bill Wilson. I'm going to say big Wilson. Bill Wilson transferred 47 grand from surplus personnel funds to the jail supply maintenance budget. The overall request included 15 grand for basic operating supplies. Kind of sounds like QA a little bit. Where the turrets are always broken down. The afternoon sheriff Steve Sharp and Wilson have a commissioners with a list of everyday jail supplies, including disinfectant, latex gloves, and the black dome. Paranets bleached, laundry detergent, foam cups and toilet paper. It could be gone within days or by the end of the month. We need to deal with this problem. We'll have a situation where we don't know what to do Wilson told aero times. Wilson noted that in the energy of standards, we currently in May's have daily access to clean, clothing and bedding, cleaning materials and needed cleaning equipment. I'll catch you to equipment and floor is must be cleaned daily. I don't know if I can tell you the paper. I'm putting a whole bunch in the carton and sending them up there. Get Mr. Whipple on. I'll send them up. I'll send them up. Oh, look at that. There's a what's his name from Iowa. What's his name? To do this. What is it? Yeah. That's the center of the B.S. Tom. I'll tell you my brain isn't functioning well today. Well, my neither. Tom Harkin from Iowa. That's who it is. See, it takes me like an extra second or two. That's what happens. That's when you know you're reading ancient. Like, what is my name again? What day is it? Where am I? I'm going to start there. Didn't he just poke a little while ago? I think he did. Good. 900. Look how many we got. I got a shot. This is New Rodents. This is by 62. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This. This is expanded by a dry name array. Daleks Forc relative to tuition. This Suicide. Suicide. Suicide. Suicide. Suicide. Suicide. They get lost here. There's so many drops of tea all freeze. Iicking people from this it easy. And now he's falling a laser one has been strawberry. That's a suicide soup. Sourcesu su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su Suite su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su su& su su su su su su su su su This is a story that Hank was talking about this morning, gaming advocates laid down the cards in the hero. A little play on words there. Kind of. Yeah. With casinos coming ashore competing destinations on the Gulf Coast and the casures even in try their luck, South Florida should head gambling to whistle at some tourist attraction to panels to yesterday. I wonder if Casinos stand is on top of this, you think? Look, I'll look. Would it taste these skin and that hold the, anyway. But the discussion at a gambling trade show on my, we said it on the regions for tensile became a maggot for gamblers and an angel of losing its competitive edge to the world. Casinos with full fledged casinos. Same old, same old, how many thousand years has this gone on? But third of me. Oh, brother. Like fighting the flat earth's size, the same effort. David Rower County already have almost every amenity, Vegas had said Fred having it on or the flag of the dog track. But to reach an also as beaches and notably short flights from Northeast, two things to make some flow of natural competitor for sin city. Absolutely. Any, any, any, and can see that. Anybody can see that Fred? Would Bigly boomers poised to be terror during the leisure set and gaming into and such popularity, a rancid above golf as an diversion, Florida be foolish to turn its back on Casinos the panel argued. Again, the issue is royal the sunshine state for decades. It says Casinos went to his promised major tax win falls, but opponents were severe social cost and a debt and floor to his image as a family vacation spot. Who wants to take their family to a place where it is gambling? There's absolutely no reason we should play around with Casinos gambling. Mommy, each mayor, the anxious David Dermers said in telephone interview yesterday. Is this a sort of casino tended to draw tourists away from restaurants bars and bike clubs businesses that make up the backbone of mommy beaches economy? I think it's wrong for our city said. Of course, you didn't mention the fact that it brings in all these islands of additional tourists who will even those restaurants bars and bike clubs. Florida holders last year approved for end of his indedited, Browd over any slot machines to raise track in high-lifron times. They said no, and thanks to your people, and Browd said yes. But the trash is still waiting for state lawmakers to pass the regulation to win stall machines and says they're a very interesting, understatement of the century. We're still waiting for way to know that here. Okay, and of course, you got to big hurricane this weekend, and then that'll be the big issues by the campaign attention to it for next three, four weeks after that. And that'll be like long after circus. And I'm saying, there's always so much excuse. What do you say? Yamama. Though gambling already exists in Florida, a board offshore gambling boats and Indian tribes slot parlors, including Hollywood's hard rock, the gaming industry has failed so far to bring in full scale casinos, snow shmit. If we don't go down that path, we're rest losing a significant amount of that tourism growth throughout the destinations that Mark Falko and Manji director of Deutsche Bank Security's gambling division. Deutsche Bank, how do you like that? Deutsche Bank, my ass. Chris Davidson, a lodging analyst with YPB and R, that's young for something in Rubikham. What is it? Whatever that agency is. Noter Florida's enjoyed two strong years of tourism growth, setting up 11% last year in 2005, looking even better. While 39% of travel surveys said they wanted to go to Florida only 16% said that Nevada is a place to visit. So obviously, we have to have either one or the other. You can't combine both as what they're trying to say, idiotic. He said the surveys have just gambling would be a plus for Florida by providing another activity of a sense of visitors. One in four travelers in the full set of gambling is something they'd like to do fewer than those in ticed by spies, 33% but above on a floor to signature pastimes, golf, 15%. 25% said they liked to gamble, only 15% said they want to play golf. Thank God. I have a plane golf and bitten a thousand on it. See, you can work it. And when the survey was never to people who have gambling at least once in the past 12 months, beats his right as they never went to a version they look for in a vacation. Falco and also described South Florida is enjoying more success in the convention market. A key engine for Las Vegas tourism industry. But you know that Mississippi's decision to rely on consumers after hurricane Katrina destroyed its gambling boats were likely to lead to lavish new buildings capable of drawing visitors away from Florida. Having a coup on slot machines in his race track at Flagler, I'm overjected by Dave voters earlier this year. Argrida Florida's ongoing hurricane woes so the danger of thinking strong tourism markets will last forever. People are going to be afraid to book him and see anywhere in Florida he said. I'm going to hurt him woes. Like Wilma for example. I'm not sure. I'm going to mention that in passing. And there's still a hot kind of trying to come up the trial here about Sodoms trial. We got big fish to fry baby and once again, you people will immediately filling up hours and hours with nonsense with foolishness with Cockerye, with Spine or Rye, which is traced. This has very certainly a hotel here. 951 boy or boy, we got a shot again. Well I guess I'm not my glasses. That's bad. Oh, speaking of glasses, let me tell you about that awful place down there. Oh, another day. Yeah. So let's see, we got moment into what we got on Friday. Now what's happening tomorrow? Probably some indictments coming down. That's hope. This is the agenda tomorrow. We get the indictments against Dick Cheney and Pearl Roll and Scooter Levy and George W. And then on Friday, we get to ratings book from the summertime and George Kicks big fat ass and Greg comes in and says, Nice job, Neil. And then on the weekend, then we got the hurricane. Pressure pack, baby. Lot of lot of pressure. So what do we got? I got 951. We got 42 minutes to go for our thousand nine 54 46. If we're going to make the Guinness Booker records, what we ought to be doing is start counting how many days in a row. We did a thousand, right? Probably Eric and finger that out. I'm sure he can't. Because I don't see these. Well, I'm actually even I can figure that out. Because we go this history thing is gone on there. Don't know much about history, but sure like that Paul Simon. Before I started singing those silly songs. 21 till 2 at 2 am. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. He's a... That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. She goes all the way up. It's hungry. Do you remember we'd love this by the way? It's forever. It's really on this floor. Okay. Okay. Today there has we definitely show our life. I'll be changed. So this break-up that feels is the best thing for me. Those rivers are tight. I feel felt with their faces. When they sit too sweet, you'll just get there. I do. She goes all you. There's a smell of the rest of our life. Finding another hard one. I do. She goes all you. She goes all you. I give some just any hold. I'll wait until this team. If they display that's leaving me close. I'm 170 votes and I'm holding 30 away. But 30 minutes. More 1,000 for the day. Well, I tell you this is a good feeling. You know what to be able to sit down here. So my fan hasn't just here. And we're going to go 1,000 votes. Does it mean anything? Does anybody in the world care? No. It changes the future course of human events. I got a good story about Clay Evans. All right? Not Clay Aiken. Clay Evans, he writes in the Boulder Daily Camera, torture in the name of Jesus. He says, many Americans stand with President Bush on virtually everything. Simply because he's a self-efficient Christian, once we were man miraculously turned prayerful. The Lord has just blessed him. Tell evangelist Pat Robertson once gushed about Bush. Some have the apprentice of millions. It doesn't make indifference what he does. Good or bad. God picks him up because he's a man of prayer and God's blessing him. Wow, must be nice. And he certainly wouldn't want to criticize God's and want to lead on earth, would you? I guess that explains the deafening silence of the President's minions when it comes to torture. President Bush has said time and time again they doesn't support torture, but as this is one, his deeds make a liar auto. On October 5th, the Republican controlled US Senate voted 90-29 in favor of Senator John McCain's anti-tourter amendment to a defensive appropriations bill. Bush has threatened to use the first veto of his president C. Dick Kildian's terrible, which pays soldier salaries and tongues yang going worse in Afghanistan and Iraq. Because he opposes the appropriation to ban the use of cruel and indifference of the government or degrading treatment or punishment by the military and accordance with the US Army Field Manual. This is as much about protecting US personnel as anything. If we resort to cruel and indhumane treatment, we had our enemies the dangers of excused torture our soldiers when they're captured. Bush swans away said, practical concerns evidently God has told him that torturing other human beings is fine as long as you're born again, which is all that seems to matter to some evangelical Christians. Hey, the Crusaders and much burners and saveholders did it right? This is the revolting the stores to about our Christian President who was stood for. Sure, Jesus ripped the money changers in the temple and offered the occasional inconsistent message for I've come to turn a man against his father or daughter against his mother. But torture, the only person tortured in the gospels is Jesus himself and it wasn't pretty asked for master Mel Gibson. When the president and the stateful lieutenant's including Colorado, US Senator Wayne Allard, one of the nine loyal laptops who voted against the McKaynamen. It suggests that torture was an necessary response to the threat of terrorism. I wonder if he remembers what Jesus told a deceptile against him. Put your sword back in his place for all who drove the sword will die by the sword. Anyone who argues that Jesus would advocate torture was torturing the Scriptures for immoral ends. As incredulous people are now asking, who would Jesus torture? Allard mean, while recently told the daily camera at a turtle board, that there's been no torture or treatment of detainees in the war on tear. It's all good, he says. This from a man who boasts on his website, I've worked closely with my colleagues in a criminal administration to spread democracy and provide human rights violations worldwide, regardless of people's political and ethnic or religious affiliation. Who would Jesus deceive? When the leaders we choose say it's okay to torture anyone we like and destroy whole cities and vengeance, the leaders including women elders and children and retribution for the murders of former mercenaries, the presence of we read that whole eye for an eye passage, while claiming the mantle of Jesus, we roam the same level of earthly hell as terrorists who pretend that allard is them to slaughter innocent people. Play Evans, he ain't no play aching but he's pretty good. He'll do for a moment or two. You're like speaking of that, lost always constant after burglary he can crash. This is great. After burglary he can crash man parks and eats. Well, I mean if you're going to go to a burger king, might as well eat something right? We have a wopper or two, he lest 97. 11 minutes, 23 votes. I just mentioned that in passing, we're not nervous about it. We need 23 mole in 11 minutes. That's two minute, nice even man. A man whose car went into the front and three of a fast food restaurant back to the city, parked and went in for breakfast officials say. Okay, police patrol inspector Brian Hills said 70 year old Ruland stepper's car struck the glass into a downtown bird king Friday and Walsh, all the Wisconsin. After he backed up, park him when inside. He was served his food and police call to the scene found him eating at a table. General manager Kathy, fasty declined to say what he ordered. Oh, that's what we want to know. Come on, a wopper would cheese a bacon wopper would cheese. I guess that's quiet. Can you know, comfort at reality? No, that must be it. By lunch time, glass another day, breathed and cleared away and customers were able to use an normal entry. Thank goodness. Because the action was on private property, the man wasn't cited, no phone us thing could be found for stepper when the N.P. tried to reach him for combat. Mighty night. He probably was going to say, oh, yeah. Or maybe he's related to Greg, maybe he was going to say. Yeah. Well, no, 78. The software, the software to crowd can relate to that. People going through the drive through his creating drive through his with the drive through his car. 977. Click on it. See what you got. 979. Oh, the 984, Mr. Howdy. I'm way. It was. 984. We need only 60. 97. What do you got? 97. Like I said, I think before the break, we can get to a thousand. Speaking of a burger king, they probably, um, there's somebody a raki, uh, citizens would love to get burger king. 1990. A United Nations human rights investigator has accused US and British forces in Iraq of reaching international law by depriving civilians of food and water and beceed cities as they try to freshwater out militants when in doubt, freshwater out. But if the US, the US military denied the charge and said that while supplies were sometimes disrupted by combat, food was never deliberately withheld. Jeans Ziggler, former Swiss sociology professor, who's a UN special rapper tour on the right to food. What is a rapper tour? Uh-huh. Is that like an Ojo on provocative tour? Something like that? Just like it. Where the hell is that? Oh, I got to find that. He's an Ojo provocateur. Uh, anyway, he said that in Fallujah, Tallah Far and Samara, Iraqi US law forces had cut off a restricted food and water to encourage residents to flee before assaults on and transcelling insurgents over the past year. A drama is taking place in total silence in Iraq where the cold is in Zakipan forces are using hungry deprivation of water as the weapon of war against the civilian populations of the children who's briefing. Two nineteen, seventy seven protocols to the forty-nine Geneva conventions which lay down rules of combat and armed conflicts, then using the deprivation of food of water as a weapon of war. They also prevent destruction of food stocks or anything of food supply lines. What does it want? We got a thousand? We did it, man. We did it. Each or hard out there with Samson, you'd make it to the series, but we did it. This is Neil Rogers. This is five six minutes. It's not sunny, it's my galizer. It's my galizer. It's all eyes in. It's all eyes in. That's all eyes in my form. That's all right, mom. It's not the other end. Following a husband. What do you want? It's my galizer sir. It's not sunny, mom. It's my galizer. The touch president. All boy, I'm the good morning sir. I'm the son with you pal. Sir? I was looking at the wings for this nightmare you had it going through. I'm not going to break it me on here. What a smashing success sir. What? Everything was in the toilet. It was unbelievable. It's a breakdown, the demigratic. You know what I'd say that I'm just happy. It's over. Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better. The second go round you must be on crack. We're not doing that thing again. Why do you want to bring that back? Because the first time around you barely missed toppling the entire network. Well, sir is already done. Wait a minute, sorry. Don't nobody ever told me it was already done. Hey, mom. We must. I'm on the phone with three months. Give it up. What the hell are you doing? I'm some kind to it, mom. It would quietly rema- That's not quiet enough. We must. A blue bird stinks like a lion pet. Sir, our base weeps will be amazing. I'm a celebrity. Get me out of here too. Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights. It's 29 to Obama. So, everybody get me out of here. You're killing me. And the celebrities ten times better. Oh my God. We've got. Hold on. We must. We must. Stay at the home on the go. Why does up your back end? Walk it out. Ruck in. All right. We've got Bernie Capel. Who? Bernie Capel. The doctor from the lab boat. Off. I haven't thanks. He hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial. We've got a real hotty. Adrian Barbo. Oh my God. She's terrible. And someone I know you love. Billy Bush. Oh, I have an assistant president's annoying nephew. That's the one. Off. Or heaven's sake. You can't put him on the air. And. Hold on. He's. He's. He's. I can't let you go. He's coming from the phone. He's an evil. Stop doing. What are you making? They're gonna nuke a den of both. What's wrong with my old credenza? You should let him shot. My shellac am shot. It's right. It's right. Oh, you're. Oh, I don't care who you have on the night. Oh, we have to meet your elixir sir. Oh, God. God. Thank you. And letter. Neymor. Even remas doesn't remember. Leonard. Neymor. You're a new boss. Remas. I wasn't addressing you. I'm on the. He was found. There. I'm surrounded by. Idiots. Hey. Hey. I thought I told you to put that hard while I got your butt. Sorry. I've already lost. Oh, so far in the office, Remas. What? What? What were you coming at? Let's get. Hey. Bye.