I'm gonna see you. My officers are jacked to you. It feels me. Officer. Fuck. That would be so good. Your message was somebody he came along you. I was just going to say, can you imagine that you're in the mess and we're out on somebody and there you're walking. I can't. And up and up and there he is. Very. He kind of like just look you back in the line. He wouldn't have to like beat the crap out of anything else. Just give you one of those looks. You know what what do you do if you're like somebody who's messing with somebody else and shack comes along and make whatever kind of a messy makes. And he asked him for his autograph on the. There he goes. That would be good. And he can get the job done. Plies to tell you. I was going to be a second asking OJ for his autograph. I'd like to personally beat the crap out of those people with a two by four. That's still happens. I know that. But. Yeah. A lot of people out there never met a slime. Well, why didn't he was a celebrity man. He's a superstar. Not just a football player, but a great movie star. Man. One of the reason he moved here was because he only reason he moved there. Because they couldn't guard his wages. Well, come. That's true. Also he was he was barred from most places in Los Angeles. Right. Restaurants. The main motive was financial because they can't garnish your wages and Florida and whatever income he's hiding in stealing. They couldn't take that away and give it to the Browns and the goodman's. That's right. Whatever the name is. That's right. Goldman. Goldman. Sure. It's whatever it is. Goldman. So we've got something really heavy duty on our website today that I'm sure you've heard about the president writing his body. Break note. I don't know what's worse. That or his wife. Not getting the name of the storm right. Just calling it. Or. Remember, Corinna. Yeah. Well, so I made this prediction earlier in the show. Yeah. The Boca Brian's next bit will be based on that song. Corinna. Yeah. With the first lady messing up the name. I doubt it. No. It anyway. So the note. I think I need a bathroom break. It's on our website. That's a present. I can't read the last line. Now is something. Do chickens pee or something like that? I can't read it. But that's your president writing an out. This is at the UN the world summit. The 2005 world summit yesterday. And I guarantee he needed more than one bathroom break. Because you talk about trying to defend the indefensible. So when there's the son or website, Neil Rogers dot com, we don't have any naked pictures for you. But there's that. That should get some attention. He doesn't say the effort anywhere in the note. But that would get a lot more viewers. I'm so depressed about the about human nature. You know, when we had the naked pictures on our website, I just figured it out this morning. We've lost 65% of the hits on a website. Since we had to take the pictures off. They make it all the time. They make it almost that even worth doing it. That's where we're working in an armed camp here. Well, in this case, it's not because of the station. It's because of your federal government. Because they're looking to put everybody's ass in jail. Oh, you put naked pictures on your website. And you can't. You have to have on a file proof of the age of the person at the time. The picture was taken. Well, who the hell's got that? You mean you take a new picture of somebody and then you ask for a ID afterwards? Right. In other words, if it's like some celebrity, it was a nude picture of, Oh, say, out, Halle Berry taking like, you know, five years ago. Well, I mean, just obviously anybody could look at her and see that she was more than 18. But, oh, that's not good enough for the government. You have to have a, on file written proof that she was over 18 when a picture was taken or your grandson's going to jail. Or in this case, Eric. Of course, we might as well play. I think Josh, you can put him up on an area where we don't care if Eric goes to jail. And I want to wake her. That's cool, him. And then we got to do something. And then I see we got to choose to get a your buddy and Curtis on for there. Well, what is this ever end, you know, and George just decided to take a walk today. He's not working. He's just screw around. I think I'm going on my news. I was going to say, and you see, yeah, my news. Yeah, my news. You know, he's a yours is, is that's been stolen, you know, your days off. Are you? Are you? Are you? Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday. That's my new schedule starting today. We're going to do something to get the way all the time off today. We just can't get hardly any days when we got the whole team going. We got all kinds of action here. Oh, please. I forgot to read a promo. Can I do that real quick? And then take a bite. I'll time you on. Hey, kill some good time. We have a contest going on where you can log on to wqm.com and sponsored by Belvedere vodka. Four people in five and a last week. A lot of people are participating. Time for new players to sign up. Lots of it. You're eligible for grand prize with $1,000. You picked five games a week. Just go online and you can do that. Yeah, so that's all that. I did go online to see if they re-instated the link to this show on there. We're to have not done because they're too embarrassed by the show. They want to revenue from the show. They like to money and the ratings, but they just don't want to be associated with me or the show. Because we're a bunch of slime balls and we don't do this for show. What do you mean? You're not online? We're not linked to the Qm website. There you, originally there was a link on there. And we had to link on ours back to Qm.com. And then what we started putting the BD curtain on it with the naked pictures. I'm pretty sure that was the straw that broke the camel's ass. The bees leaves all that disgusting and pornographic. And they didn't want to be associated with it. So in addition to which, you know, like some blue-nosed people with U.M. Donner Shelyley or somebody who knows who it was. And so they dropped the link. Which, okay, we can survive. We still didn't 80's in hits. And then you would think that the minutes that we had to drop the pictures on it on a video curtain. And we no longer a pornographic and obscene that the link should have gone back up. Right? I mean, since we are a part of this radio station allegedly, and it's not on there. So I did see your thing with the vodka bottle, everything else. But I like to hit Joy-Sor. Bitch. It's good vodka, don't waste it. Now, all this talk of the beast comes modeling in this morning, which thanks beast for at least telling me what the hell was going on. That was nice. He was the only one that seemed to know George wasn't coming in. And the audio fault wasn't working. And we couldn't do this. And we couldn't do that. And that was hanging out with a sheep in a parking lot. But he's telling me that all the scuttled butt at all the sporting events, to ball games and this and that is about how the other station across the street is like in total this array. And the PV either got canned or re-quid or whatever. And the Joe is feuding with Daniel Abastur. And I said to him, I said, you know, if we would worry more in this place about the problems that we've got. Because it's always been this way. When they put the fan on the air with the mortist, these distraught, and Jim Berry and all those other losers they had on it. And it's a joke. And this thing they got on it, they got Joe and I said it's Joe Rosen a bunch of losers. That's all. So what's the story? But we always are so worried. It's not important that we succeed but that the other guys fail. That's the model of Q&A. That's not mine. I'm here working hard every day. Well, me too. I show up. I mean, I show up a lot, but at least I show up on I'm supposed to, you know? Exactly. George. But in any way. Now George is, you know, he's got issues. In fact, I can't even go into one of the issues because it has to go into one of the issues because it has to go into this sponsor. So I better not do that. But I know what it is. Boy, if I can, oh brother. What are these days I'll tell you? Okay, I certainly can't talk about it. No. You can't talk about anything. I know. You keep your nose right on the grindstone. That's all I want to tell you. On the rumor was, the rumor was that the beast was passing along. Not that the beast would pass rumors you understand. The rumor was that Joe Rosen is suspended around the verge of being suspended for a say on a ripping a bastard on the air or something. Another time now as well. Huh? Another pee valve. Yeah, another pee valve. Yeah. pee valve my ass. I'm not understanding. He must have naked pictures of somebody. Of the stewards or some people somewhere. Well, he goes to his suspensions or months of the time. I understand. But it's always the same thing. It's always the white powder. No, it's the same thing back in the problem. Huh? You know what's amazing though. When he comes back, he's lost nothing in terms of his writings. Oh, he's a great writer. I'll give him that. But, you know, maybe John Wayne Casey was a great artist. I don't know. I never checked out those paintings. But who cares? All right, you know. He's a slime ball. So I'm going to learn it. I'm going to learn it. Two horse races. One horse was secretary. The other one was chicken thicker. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Don't let start with at horse races. That's okay. That'll be the end of me. I got enough problems already. All right. You have a good day. You too. Have a good show. Those two much. What day is it? Let's see. That's for full work. Well, that's right. I'm going to do one Sunday. I have two shows to do one tomorrow. I understand it. But I'm just thinking ahead about that. I just thought that was a good set. See, that's a no lose proposition for some of us. Especially patriot fans because one of those two teams is going to show the two colors. Or maybe they'll both show the two colors. Not Sunday. Maybe it would be a squorlist time. I don't know if the judge of that bad. We'll see. They can't possibly be as bad as they played last week. That's right. The dolphins we know are the team that you saw on the first half. Make no, make no mistake about that. All right. I'm at no. Wow. Talk about the old pregnant pause. Have a great day. And you. And the plunger got on. Okay. I wish I could do that. Okay. See. Oh. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? You think it's good. I hope to see you through when disaster strikes. We are at our best. But we're ready all the time because disaster don't risk. Your federal emergency management agency. Have an afternoon and you may. This is a filthy white bush loyalist criminal craft. It's pleased to inform all victims of Katrina. We now care about you. To show how much we value you in life. We now offer you. The FEMA card. Each FEMA card has a pre-determined spending limit of 300 to 2,000 dollars. And you can withdraw the cash at any offable ACF. And if you can find one. While Halibird nonsense, 59 billion dollar gift on the promise of the building you're a city. Your FEMA card will give you a more loot to boot. Each card will get a stamp with every purchase made. 10 stamps will get you a free cup of coffee and scoog. So what's in your wallet? Get in line now. All cards available on a first come first or base. Wait a minute. What was that? Oh. And we're not offering them anymore. So if you can hear this, it never mind. Just just float away. It's 1009. And what I'd say about that bathroom break. But we get a story that we get on our website. It just float it away. It's just no floating right to the top. Like a lot of other things. It's floating right to the top. I'm reading two people. I read that already. It's only been on here like just a few minutes, right? Right. Well there you go. So if we just, we're just, we're just, we're just, we're just putting the effort in every story. We have an website. We probably have a thousand reads on every story every day. Because the most widely read story that we, that may be the highest we've ever had. I don't know. I haven't checked all those stats. But the story about the, uh, Cheney being told to go, if himself and Gulf form Mississippi, that had like almost 800 reads, which is a lot on our website. I used to be great website when we had to make good pictures on here. That really is just the fading and aggravating to me. But then I can't change human right, uh, nature, you know. The right way it is. They want to see naked pictures. They want to see flesh. And they want four letter words. So if every story, for example, um, the, uh, metal and, uh, not the, a metal and a herds. You've been reading the story that I read yesterday. A fatal infuriosity about Bush. If it said afetal, if an infuriosity. I guarantee instead of like 94 reads right now, there'd be like 600 already, oh, at least double it. Yeah, or instead of, uh, writers runs bathroom break note on wire. If it said, uh, writers runs note Bush says have to take a wicked crap or even the SH word on it. We'd have like 10,000 people would have you then already. But you can actually see the note. to see the note and the Josh Ashley and interesting question that is how did they get that picture? Somebody was taking photos over Bush's picture there at the UN. Probably Kofi Annand. In fact, he's probably got some other notes that he wrote that we haven't seen yet. He's going to be bargaining, using those as bargaining chips, as opposed to cow chips. Yeah, your president had to take a, well, we don't know if it was a one or two or three yesterday at the UN and he can understand that that has been nervous. Because when you got an IQ is smaller than your digit, it's pretty obvious that you're going to be pretty nervous. Let's see, here's today's good news from Iraq. George is out today as McGell there. Are you just, uh, I'm here? Okay, just not going to say much. No, I'm going to go to Bethel Breckin' a while. Go ahead. Now, where are you sitting? Are you in a control room? Or is, what's the deal today? No, he didn't have tea. Oh, but I said, are you in a control room? See the control room is the room where Josh usually sits? Right. That's where you are. Yes. That's what I just said. Yes. I don't want to read too many stories because McGell isn't there and if I do that, I'll get going up and we'll agree. I did the poll today about the radio personalities. I figured I better do it now. We've done it long time ago. Better do it now before all of us die, who remember any of the one radio was great. Radio now is a piece of garbage. You know, it's crap. And believe me, I know that because I work on this station. And like I said, the Hank, if they'd worry, I'll have a lot more about, you know, getting the things right that we're doing, like the equipment and stuff like that and keeping it at the place on the year and not having a bunch of, uh, squeaky voice people on the all the time, uh, we need to weigh ahead of the game as opposed to going about the other guys failing. The guys are a joke. The guys before were a joke. The guys in the middle were a joke that Fox, they're all long gone. And he's got, oh, by the way, Carl bananas fostering on the air anymore. I'm 1400. Does anybody care? No. Does anybody know who that was? No. But I will say this. He got more ink than the rest of us put together. Because unless you're doing a sports show in his town, little Tommy, you don't get any ink. Nobody writes anything about what's happening in radio. Just, just, just the people are like about the sports nerd crap. Carl Foster on 14 on grid is going to challenge you. Yeah, right. He's gone. Just mention that in passing. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM happy Thursday. Today we got Curtis and Joseph Gackie following Mo, uh, they're going to be in for guilty. They am for Ron Eddog or guilty who was going to be in for Maddog. We just can't get our lineup up straight into Hurricane Hotline at 7 Marlins on deck at 7 30 fourth and final game of the Marlins Astero series. And of course the Astero is what's going to be going to be runs. They made up for a big time last night. Yeah, why'd you have to do that? Now they just live in saving them up I guess for rainy day. It occured at 5 the game time. It occured after the game. So that's a big game because now the Philly is a pound of the crap out of Atlanta last night. Thilly is looking like they're serious. They're starting to take this seriously. Seriously. And certain like tied with the Marlins. Am I right about that? Right. Well, we'll see this weekend. Yeah. For the wild Carl lead and well, no, that's going to be a huge series. Did I tell you that yesterday they're going to be like 80,000 people at every game and for the same. I'm going to be standing. No, seriously. It's going to be packed in there. I would think. Well, I'd say a choice you need to go back to Marlins in the Philly's in the series of a year or you can sit around watch the Dolphins get the crap kicked out and by the Ajayets on Sunday. That's going to be really ugly. Hey, kid, baby. My husband and I are alike in so many ways. Except, of course, in the bathroom. I'm in and out in a flash, but Bill. I know. I'm in there. Give me about 20 minutes. I got a real burn burner going here. I like a nice hard seat, but my husband wants something he can really dig into. We tried cushions, pillows, even toilet paper, and a sput nothing worked. Then we discovered the seat number toilet. The seat number toilet is the first ever customizable commoads by adjusting the resistance level to your exact personal preference. You will experience a whole new level of canned comfort. I'm in number 24. I'm in number 71 for number 2. You can change your seat number anytime you want. After our vacation in Mexico, I had to bump it up to 175. You will feel the difference in just five movements. 15 is more comfortable than my recliner. Now I never want to get off the pot. There's a reason why they call it bus thrown. There's a seat number toilet. You'll never fool, fool. That's room comfort again. There's Rob Marciano getting soaked again in the North Carolina standing out in the rain, and that's what happens when you sit out in the rain. You get soaked. Well, you take good care of yourself. They're Robin, get back inside. That's what Wolf was hawking with him yesterday. Huck on the way. We're reporting from inside in the first place. We know that if you stand out there in a hurricane of a fee, that you're going to get blown around and rain over you like soaked and looked like you just came in from the end of the world. Yeah, that's why I don't know that. When they're out on the beach, and they tell you not to come out to the BBS. Nobody's supposed to be out here, but we're out here because we're big much or reporters, and we want to show you just how brave we are. I'd like to see one of those guys not him because I like Rob Marciano. I'd like to see one of those guys get killed right on the air. And if you'd agree, of course, the network's probably would like to see that too. Get a 90 sure they could replay the thousand times an hour. There's somebody who facts it some smart asses. Can I take a bathroom break? Well, guess what? How do you like that? And also his good news is I've hit the mole monkey or record 250 miles an hour. Have a good day. Well, guess what? Well, congratulations. Get a ride. Yeah, that's my response to that. Well, you keep working on them. Okay, keep spanking that thing. Here's the good news from Iraq. Two suicide car bombers struck within a minute of each other just to have mile apart and south back dead. Did they kill at least seven more policemen? And raising the day's bombing death toll on the capital to least 31. Other words, sir. Yeah, earlier today, suicide car bombing killed 16 policemen in five civilians in the same neighborhood, signaling a new round of islands just today after resident suffraut through Baghdad's bloody estate of the war. At least 160 people were killed in 570 wounded yesterday and more than a dozen bombings, which the terror group al-Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility for. Many of the victims were day laborers lured by a suicide attack or posing as an employer. There was no immediate claim for the Thursday bombings. And that's a pretty good idea. Why don't we just put a sign on? Sorry, the door says hiring. Huh? Yeah. And QA, when they come to the door, we do this to surplus population. There you go. In fact, maybe seven of people coming back from lunch who already worked there. Yeah. Saw a lot of problems for us. I'd say that right now. My girl's going to be a list of people he'd like to see blown away in the building. He's writing it right now. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Too bad, Daring is still around. A guarantee she'd be right at the top of the list. Now why did you have such a bug up your ass about Daring? Was that just because she was fat? I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, right. So full of crap, man. I'll always people got a big mouth off the ear and then a minute they have a chance. What did I ever say up here? You hate her like poison, liar. You like Daring? They used to chase your ass around in a hallway? Literally? OK. No, no comment. It's only a four hour show. I'm not going to sit here and just wait forever. Another good reason when Miguel fills in is keeping quiet. Here's the poll from yesterday. What's your favorite sound or drop in on the old show? Well, look at one one. 188. Farts sounds. I want to back. 183 was a close second. It was right on the other one's ass. But any could have happened. I thought one was coming in that bit that you played. But it was that. The one that I've had. Yeah. Colored seat bit. I have my hand on the button. I got a news for it. Do you have any idea how many bits I can put in? If I'll play one for you right now if you want to dump it, it's not really worth the effort. Let me just see what the name of it is. Because it flows a big big big one. Uh, geez. Oh yeah, Farts domino. Access Hollywood Farts domino. That's a real bit in the middle of just like a blows heavy duty wind as opposed to like Raspberry like that, which isn't really a fart scene. See, that's not. See, let's instruct George the difference between a raspberry and a real fart. Maybe we need to have like a fart where for we. To the subway that we've gone over to line. Who's going to get suspended next? Anyway, 1803 people want to fart sounds back this way. Make your own fart sounds. How can you do that? You're a fart. You're a fart. 110. 95. Dota. 83 for. I'm dying on the hands. Absolutely correct. 76 for that. Oh, right. 60 for mad dog and in the end. Oh, right. It puts the lotion into basketball for bill 47. No fags in the church 42. The American F and W 39. The old Jew 32. 32 people in the sun and select the Jew. I think probably more than that. The girl these squeak. 31. You bitch you slut you who has got. But too many also. Oh, it's got. But too many. 28 votes for back home. They all suck 22. 22 people that we like to come right here house and beat you bloody with a two by four with 17 rusty nails in it. I like that. Just just to show you how disgusted we are with your negativity. They all suck that that's the generic everything sucks of a only 22 though out of a 1300 in some odd. Unbelievable. Un the 11 21 for the Diesman 21. Galdian 21. Let me 50 dollars. They're 18 Howard David's a bit 16. Bill God 16. I. I. I. I. 11. Larry King. He's got 11. Dan Stewart. Oh, we're fine. He then you fair. 10 mad dog doing the yes. That's the single yes nine. We didn't separate those. But he died from fat so nine. The group he laughed got nine votes. Moe and doing it is a good eight. Get to the honey junior from France was seven. Systemary. Katherine Jesus seven Buffalo Bill would know it's got the seven mad dog you turned six I have no life. I have no life six. I'm a home all the homperies say I'm a homo five. Moe doing Jesus Christ five. That we're going to have a picture of that on a website mode doing Jesus Christ. Christ solid rock solid five. Grab my junior honey four with a fancy if station number four the Tinky Winky which I don't know how you do it four Gilbert laugh four yeah he's a real funny guy not takes nor four God bless America mad dog panties and the jeez string three Buffalo Bill and three juicy and is now three David Sensen we did it to and Greg hates you had a pair. I'm sure George voted for both of us so that's the results of yesterday's pool. And like I said if you go to our website on your Rogers dot com why don't they just end these damn hearings already and cut the crap cut to the taste okay quit waste all this valuable time they could be we're showing reruns of Gillian's island on a bob dendro just quote anything on there as opposed to this crap it's a dog and pony show he's in okay like a more not he is in even with those very very suspicious eyes the eyes have it baby John Roberts is in he's the next wiggie right and perfectly so I think this is all this is all book crap don't you think this is all a pile of crappy statement of course it is on seeing it yeah but that's right if it's on certainly not news it must be crap and it's also on the arena cause we know we're now and a good news is about read across the letter he's got the second lowest numbers of any of the top and hit shows at night the only one lower his mother took her crossing that they showed back to eleven o'clock at night so they could put her uh... agree as on there and the course he's on eleven o'clock so there were who would be a wake at that hour anyway so that means if you if you take him out of the equation she's got the lowest numbers and rightfully so it's horrible she can't speak she looks like crap on two legs under that she's great read a cause be catcher on the m i used to be the ms and the c-star network horrible awful just like the guys across the street when they wonder why they didn't drop in the last trend turn on your station and listen to it okay that you'd explain the why you have nobody listening funny set of course for the people a q a and uh... it's just like when the fan was on here my right the only people are listed that station with people from q a and they're talking about a lot and i was i right ago when i had the uh... whatever that station was fifty ninety we were the only fan yeah that's right we were the only ill at least news because it's a part of the great we got a session sports the raw one of the well what are they doing now and they're trying to hire this one we're gonna sue them right by the way don't overpay for a great you call this big market radio you're good you're smart you are hey everybody around a cat a board everybody around the ground as a you being i'm a big disapointed but i got around the old and i know that i'm on you there was no room to get them saved they don't over come again anyway i did everything i possibly can show my phone for the club's plan oh what a job i have as a vector of people when i'm a jolt in the middle piece of his teamer and the clueless a yeah say is a national disgrace that you would rather drag in the first race this is no time to play the main game since we know that every thing is called by games who are not vote right on a home home. Light's got even clearly in carol road, roadway retrieving their powerages right wing dream to think everybody flies like me and then they turn out of a big hit hit hit jump from Oaks and movies. Oh how are they spending my new rainy and horses? I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the negligent turnover now. You know people in doubt if I know it's round on the negligent turnover now but I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. Hey there people I'm Bob and Brown if they have the cue is bought and down my car is fast. I keep this shiny until all the girls they can catch my hiding. Okay now what point are we going to have to like their stuff playing? You'll have to let me know. Okay I'm gonna up yeah. Never can bail out too soon with things you're going to need days man. Okay I'm gonna up yeah. Never can bail out too soon with things you're going to need days man. That's the perfect lead into our pool today and once upon a time we could actually play the whole damn thing. Okay well the people streaming will enjoy. Okay that's so that's a good point so let's just that great idea we're just going to play all that you're restricted stuff and then the people who can listen online will enjoy all of it and then you'll just get busy on the dump button. Give me something doing there while I'm reading all these stupid stories please. There we go. You can play a deaf tune you you can sit at what all your dump buttons and punch it. Other than the reason I'm doing this pool like I said is because most of these personalities back in the day when radio was really great when he had personalities who were entertaining like talent who were fun who really had a following as opposed to just this generic four companies that don't every damn station in the country and keep spewing out all the same crap. You know here's Raj. Here's Dr. Laura. Here's this one. Here's that one. It's same garbage you know. It's pathetic. Here's Al Franken. Other than correct you a m employee who is your all time favorite radio personality. I made a list that I thought was pretty good. Well I'm sure that the audience is always. I'll have some other sit. You know Howard Stern 79 and his matter fact I really didn't need to tell the audience this but it was just a brain fart and I made this whole long list and I'm sitting there this morning on the throne and it just dawns on me like a little bulb on off of my head. Christ Almighty I left off Stern. I left off I miss. Not that I miss is going to get any votes. I left off Paul Harvey. How can you have a good day if you leave off Paul Harvey and I left off the grease man? So I came rushing right in here and I said and the next voice I heard was the beast. I'm sorry. I beg your pardon. I said that's good because I wasn't here. Well no you weren't supposed to be there at that hour. I was like it's 20 after eight and then I find out the Georgia side of the screw off today. Georgia isn't sick don't worry about that he just all of the go he actually has a little cold also. Yeah right on top of everything out a little cold. What I think he's got a little cold back from sitting on the throne too long. The good news is he finally watched my DVD last night that I sent my great experience to me and he enjoyed it a lot and then he tells Josh he might actually watch it again today since he's at home doing nothing waiting for people to show up I guess. Okay here's what we got so far. Stern and if I I don't you know left him off any longer you don't damn well what oh you left Howard off and there on purpose no I didn't because we do he's gonna win by far. Stern 81 Phil Henry's got 61 second place for the Phil monster are you sure did the voice and then we'll be whatever that movie was that I watched oh a team of america world police yeah such coolman 51 now I could say something about that because I like sides a lot personally but I won't say anything. A Randy wrote 34 although the interesting part about that such is got 51 votes in Rick Riley I'm scrolling down I'm scrolling down I'm scrolling down where it is he you see it full he's got full yeah full 51 to four and this is the same Rick Riley that made sure every time they send a contract that says got about 50 cent and it ripped out all of mine cheated in like crap. Nice going with no under he hates you like poison. Randy wrote 34 the goddess Joe rose 26 who made gets suspended a day because he's picking on that labastered over there. See I think if they start to spend in people that's just it's just a rip off it's just a carbon copy suspension you know I mean yeah Mike winner we 17 and of course thanks to Spanxons I'm supposed to be I think tomorrow I'm going to start telling you all about all these uh differences functions that were supposed to be top secret just like Berkeley and that top secret I found out about this morning. Hey Berkeley don't ever come in at studio again and talk to me you're off my list you're out. Wolfman Jack 12 the grease man 10 who not only was in DC for a long time and keeps getting a kept getting canned I don't know if he's still on here anywhere but was also on the eighth injectionville way way back in the day the big eight Paul Harvey nine rush has got nine that's he's got a Larry Lou Jack got six I vote for Larry it was between Larry Lou Jack and Dick Curtin I vote for Larry cousin Brucey six even hilarious a real piece of crap as human being Larry King five don't I miss four dead man in a chair Craig wording four Rick Riley four to sons is 51 that's embarrassing Rick that's pathetic Jerry which year three the only man I ever met my life away a comedian hairpiece Bill call her three murder came or a talfman two Nick beyond the two different two a lot of people like Dick Danny room two Larry click two big Wilson two Allen Burke one Bruce Williams one Greg view Dell had one Greg voted already they hate you Greg don't take it personally unless you want to look at that 386 votes already did Josh we got a shot of 400 today Carl the Sue is from WBC in Boston none aren't against Bergman Dave Mayner done all those Boston people none Allen Courtney non Steve K. Nun Jerry Williams done Bruce Bradley none Alice Rand tell man and Johnny dark had none Now if you want to challenge me to let's see how fast the finger is okay Let's see Johnny dark just a minute See why Hey for whether you'll the power people on this poll Johnny dark yeah how about Don Cox rest in peace let's get his name on here okay they're gonna how about Bill Tanner Well look I just started the thing this is just a starter list I didn't want to put everybody that worked in a business on there who else Albee silk okay Albee gone by the way I think Well I heard Albee gone he'd be gone yeah Albee still can put in my mirror I don't think he's gonna get any votes Not from our crowd but you can put Don Cox on there what about Sally Fox huh what about Sally Fox okay Well how do everybody how about somebody we're talking about this morning Scott who are real Scott for Ralbo on family okay oh speaking of Sunny Fox how about hi this is Sunny Fox I was in the arages could I could hear the work yeah we can't play anything oh brother it's a sad day it's really sad 18 to 11 but the checks till clear at 560 QA I don't forget that moment at 2 my close personal button This is 156 Guys it go I went to dolphin's training camp I asked Nick Saban who will it be? Will that be AJ? Will that be Sage? Here's what mix it to me oh dogs for a for a Our starting QB will be I think we'll have the rings with Barack for a Just to wait and see I saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream Earth I saw him from the he dropped the ball it made me want to scream God's for a Tika you've heard whatever it is you mean your offense has gone to scene with Barack for akah Gets for rawrea if you play to the story the the ten forty nine and five sixty seventy-three put Steve Donald as somebody says the dollar the eight y'all who used to be really big in Chicago and of course he lost at one day he had the last syndrome he just woke up one day and couldn't throw straight Steve doll I never actually heard him by the way is good I don't know he was really bad the new only Mr. Constit right rich in rickland says how about putting line along the list line also at a place in voice airline let's put him on here who of course started a wsu and a temple where we just talking about yesterday and about the last of the starred old blah-bow or micon a mad dog from wf a new or well uh... micon a mad dog sounds like two people to me which it is center how do we put that on there uh... i mean it i know it's a show but that's not the question see rickland says was show two but then we put them on separately if i uh... just check the limits of oh yes okay whatever you want to do you want to put them on separately we can do that well what was my name i don't know uh... i don't know you find some creative way to put them both on their on-rong put line lineer because rich in booklets has done every change okay don't ever change you under way whatever you see somebody says that the forest for the well that's what that's what the b said this one he came in how about default and i said oh yeah right so let's get him on there jiff de florist also the question from pdro is what happened with big dog and dandelion bastion how do i know like i have even if i were there i'm gonna listen to that crap i don't know i was allegedly the rumors that they're feuding and they hate each other like poison and that uh... joe allegedly uh... really ripped them and asked on a year allegedly i don't know maybe just this for looking for some publicity and the joe is on the verge of getting suspended but having worked for great readies used to it i speak of the dolphins and we've played that bit in the sea about their season ticket sales no i'm actually my girl has because he's got the oh i got away and anybody got their pants tickets yet now i get those directly from the panthers and i have to wait for rape period who of course is always a day late in forty dollars short but uh... but uh... it's all the tickets i'm very important yellow and the dolphin tickets that they're really pay me for the year not gonna get to bad technically else probably rubbing his legs together real excited about the fact you're not gonna get him because he used to get him smiling yeah and by the way next to baseball season over taking all the uh... that's right we didn't get a chance to do that this year that's why he's real quiet he's pissed off that we didn't want steel ninety percent of the marlin tickets this year that's not true what yeah there are a lot of missing for the last uh... series is coming up as what i've been told not by nevertheless i don't care you guys fight over all of that crap i don't care i could take them dolphin season ticket sales lowest in eleven years oh my god like that the wants that era has put a real uh... kabash on that organization and i think we got away from them just in time especially for four half million dollars a year all the way to stand at jimmy syphilis is doing one fantastic job now did either you hear the game on uh... someday yeah i i'm trying not to i thought you were a bit of your uh... a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bill i'm the radio i'm assuming and yeah i heard some of it and uh... like i'm not going to be what like jode don't like jimmy okay and that's not personal we like both of them personally because of both good god i don't even know jimmy so well i know jimmy syphilis here i hit him on my show years ago and i was on his TV show and she was always very not he was always very nice to me hey jimmy jufari when it comes to dolphin season ticket sales the hiring of nix sabon is coach wasn't enough to overcome the aftermath of the franchises four and twelve record last season but you know the esafoet a crowd they're not real fans they're for running phony's if you think goes on sixteen man you got to be there baby on speaking of phony's look at what's happening with the Pittsburgh independence they signed a kitsidney crossviews for the next rescue course and uh... they went out and they got some real players and all and mario sign for another year he signed himself how do you like it you like that of course they organization was in millions anyways he said they i'm going to pay myself three million this year which isn't really all that much for a superstar like mario but nevertheless when i would you like to be able to do that say well this year i'm going to pay myself whatever you don't want to blank but anyway yes it happened with a cell and tickets hand over fist and they're praying that uh... haven't seen it crossview will help him come a real big season so that Pittsburgh will cut loose and billman who are in which they desperately need that's the only way to keep that franchise going now they built a paratrooper state and they still suck and they're not run flies they built the stevers in stadium right right now i don't know nothing about hockey but isn't the Pittsburgh penguins are pretty good right now oh no the penguins the last couple of scenes have been like a like a girl's team kind of like the uh... dolphins little girls team they would they didn't back to back Stanley cups but that's uh... ancient history you know i see long ago when i had mario with yager and i proud back and rony frances our lean frances but anyway don't get messy this is a little sabotage he's probably getting paid off by the other team now i think the up ticket start with a hockey talk well i've tried to tell you is stay away from the hockey talk here and fact you know what we're going to hear was that on promo for gellie yesterday who is still in for the mad dog desperately trying to talk hockey and you could tell he didn't have a call or where nobody listening go he was listening the joy man the dolphin sold fifty three thousand four hundred and five two season tickets for this year which is a drop of over five thousand from last season and the team's lowest total since nineteen ninety four which is the reason they all most stuff at the embarrassment and i have in the first game on tv the first at least season a home opener on tv like that one any guy to call a pink almost got black dot and the only reason i got it is because labor day convinced you know we had a holiday on that Monday so the league game in extra day otherwise black went and black it up pretty embarrassing the drop is expected but less than one eighty nine which is last time that often came off a losing season season ticket sales that year to climb by nearly ten thousand after the offense than a six and ten eighty the soft floated on a loser okay now speaking a hockey is i told you we ought to talk about it a lot panthers are going to have a good season this year to go to probably win their division and definitely make the play off sorry i guarantee it all in coins life on it they're going to make the play off this year and as it was not maybe they'll drop you people we'll see the decision to bring back till back ricky waiting spot when you're drug suspension also might have contributed to the fall in season ticket sales how do you like that when you thought it would be the other way around yeah i didn't make sense and a Tuesday meeting of the mirror bar pepper pines chamber commerce pepper pines mayor frank orders said he dropped this season tickets because of the message that what gives return sent to the city's police officers and others who gave anti drug encouragement to children odd jays frank a little of that gun jaman what's wrong with that god almighty here got all these other guys doing roi's and stuff what a pin in the state is because ricky smokes a little uh you know that i see that i would have thought it was because of the fact that he uh stiff the team and they turned around and took him back that would be what would have pissed me off that attitude about a really desperate will take him back i mean i'm not positive side i'm a good part i would have said i'm not buying that that's the reason that the season tickets are down i'm thinking well that's on his work this guy said the mirror of a temper pines what about the expected me is probably hundred years old i'm the positive side for the fish premium seat sales and sponsorship revenue is increased by 10 percent of my season let's hear it for Wayne he needs the money badly oh thank god for Wayne we don't want to get him we get all benautious and pissed off again that i missed a life spot on a longer but i better get that baby out it's better way birthday while i'm looking for this spot i just want to mention i'm on to you you phony you phony balloon you can you know stay away which i would prefer but don't make up stories okay because the truth always comes back to me see there a lot of people in that building they play fast and lose with the truth and you think oh well just tell you he's up there it is matter fact now more than ever i have a whole bunch of spies uh working for me and whatever the hell is going on especially what that sales department believe you me i find out am i right that's right so what i thought at this morning was a and of course he's got a lot of getting screwed over anyway because of it so to bad berkeley you lose i just can't wait until she blows off that last account that she inherited it's only when she's got she'll be 1057 at five sixty w q a and here's your last chance to save thousands of brand new four from arms from four to homestead they've always treated everyone like family and now they want to stand off and you join their family for nationally is extended their fourth family plan offer through September the 30th thought to admit and right now it's time for them said you can get the same great pricing that every four motor company employing their families get and not only do you get the employee family pricing but you also get our strong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for limited time with any new car purchase is still can get yourself a color tv for free so with all of these all of you things what could you possibly be waiting for pick up that phone right now i don't think we put that on the uh... polio did do we what i'm a drop in all of you still no did that a good one to what to redo it this is the new rangers show i think it's a good one question well i started losing my hair i lost my confidence to i tried to okay but it didn't do a thing for me when no game doesn't work try moking still moking is scientifically proven to grow you a full-facematic hair just like mow from the free store just after using moking for just three weeks my hair grew in as thick as mower's more important i got my confidence back to now i'm more assertive i'm a moking today i'll be a little bit of a jellapia lane right now is talking what do you say i said can't it not go ahead oh my god why are you want to what you are terrible no no no oh why can't i see that one especially for me so guess what's the most widely read story in our website so far today Josh i'm gonna go hand take a guess i got to go the bathroom there you go now the one where i bush writes a note to kind of leave this is i have to take a wicked dump that's a one way to begin actually i understand that the thanks to co-fi and into marburgan have like evidence were gonna have like a square toilet paper used okay the bush of polishes out there think his stuff don't stink wait till we put that on our website we're gonna like a use smell of vision for it i'll put that picture up to well i can't wait for that and he's and as you look at these square and save hey brownie you did a hell of a job it's brownie brownie that's for our buddy Ron brownie dolphin top drag for brownie you're a pick you're doing a heck of a job that was a sub of the time we'll walkie gets its first Spanish language station this is for Miguel who just all are excited about to fact that his people are taking over the country but nevertheless it's not your people you know this is uh Mexicans yeah yeah oh did you hear that huh the this stain the hate the contempt uh Mexicans veners next media enters the Hispanic radio market with the launch of Milwaukee's first Spanish language radio station regional Mexican W. E. X. T. 104.7 FM La Grande I have no idea what that's supposed to mean the big one uh the big one a Grande no but it's too it's uh yeah we're trying to be creative i see i'm actually getting independence based in timber 16 oh tomorrow's Mexican independence day all right i didn't know that the station that they dropped its extreme country presentation in the Milwaukee business general reports is currently simultaneous in classic rock sister k i i l penocia was cousin secure the new la Grande will be earning programming provided by boostos media who's like ready for my features ranch hero there are tenio group arrow banda and uh kumbia music for the kumbia kumbia target eighteen to four nine demo what what is all of that garbage uh who teach you i think would sum it up real well what is that picture we got i think any the bathroom breaks twice and mark now that's that's interesting when he writes he writes i i'm reading it verbatim i think i may need a bathroom break question mark now if you have a hard reason or does he know well you know he has to ask if everything's okay would you put if you were writing that if you were in the same shoes you were like they're gonna get up and address the leaders of the entire world and be on worldwide television on the satellite wouldn't you put like a uh estimation or a period of the as opposed to question mark it's kind of like he's asking for her permission what the bathroom path yeah it's kind of like just short of his raising his hand as if uh to say okay now leave the room please pretty please kind of ease of please uh god what he said bitch here's a fact that says how about the booster okay let's put up booster on there we have to let's see now there you go holding a grudge just because he works at the other joint because of the fact that he's good buddies would handle a bathroom and Josh he's good buddies with Josh oh that's right i forgot about that marlin connection well he made a bad mistake not to i don't care what Josh says Josh is gonna give me the same old business not your wrong he's all over the place on ESPN and he's on ESPN radio actually i did hear the audio of one of the red sauce say Yankee was it the red sauce in Yankee's when last night no no not last night there a few days ago last weekend i think yes yeah that's right it was red sauce in the Yankee's and i heard the audio on one of the blank channels under my sports package and it was booked on ESPN radio and he sounded really good he sounded like he did when he did the marlin games on this station as the post when he's on ESPN television and he sounds like he's in the telephone booth somewhere they gotta do something with a microphone what was just one time right no i was not in twice twice he sounded like that in addition to which you can't tell he sounds anyway because buck martin is never shuts up god what hit that god all those all those extrax man it just won't shut up nobody tunes in the broadcast to hear your expertise and all your stupid old funny that he's stories okay nobody wants to hear it buck martin is you jackass you quiz like you fair right okay and let's take two three hundred calls here because i don't want to read a lot of these stupid ass stories with me gilder it's embarrassing harders there it's he George likes it or at least he can't you likes it huh it sure he likes it on other words he tells you that he doesn't like this story is that when you tell me now okay this is good let's bring it right on the open out of Georgia side of school often and let's make a play a wicked price for it let's hear it don't wait always goes no actually he does like the stories i i argue with that about him all the times yeah already that i hate him he says shut up okay well i get it i tell you when i'm not reading any more all right he really he really believes it oh man like i'm not saying i'm gonna program my show for you just like i'm gonna program my for Tom Jerker okay in fact maybe you two guys can alope i wrote on that letter i wouldn't surprise me you in fat boy it always been tight other than curate oh i i'm gonna read one more story though you like this one oh deltono florida a convenience store worker is admitted urinating into a soda bottle causing a customer who drank from it to become violently ill his boss says you like this girl public supermarket spokesman dweyne steven said the accused employee who works at a pix convenience store in deltono was suspended after the company learned the incident this week in fact i heard that was the rumor that joe roe is peed in uh... dan labache and soda bottle perfect over to the ticket that and that's why joe is going to be suspended too and internal investigations being completed lab test done by publics on the contaminated mountain do all man how do you know the difference when you'd drinking mountain do confirm the soda contained urine steven said the supermarket giant owns the pix chain it's an isolated incident time by one of our associates even said whatever measures necessary it'll be executed and an employee will be dealt with or maybe the employee will be executed public hasn't thought the criminal complaint for the option is not been ruled out steven said the victim of former with a the ton of each construction company became suspicious after the drink he chugged uh... he chugged the beverage last week his attorney dang the lulin said he vomited three or four times afterward nulin said who didn't release his client stay more than protect the man's privacy nulin said that upon the advice of an infectious disease doctor the victim was being tested for diseases such as gonorrhea and hepatitis c how about hepatitis a that's the Canadian we're hopeful that the person who did this wasn't carrying any sexual otherwise virus that could cause him harm nulin said unfortunately the doctors were very concerned and probably his lawyer to very concerned at least 10 million maybe that's why he did it alamansky if somebody peed in your uh... soda and you were uh... you'd like 10 million uh... you probably would drink it when you ten million yeah he chugged the chugged the he says forget about the soda uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... yeah i saw that movie team america and anyway other than curate qa m employees who's your all-time favorite radio personality and here's what we got so far for a hundred ninety five most we're going to have five hundred and a second here we could do a thousand and because megalis there because they heat your eyes like poison what or remove the poll to the top yeah and see all and we want to apologize by the way it's an error thing error case such a bonehead Josh is so pioated error man he's told on a million times put the poll and then i i always have a lot of the poll at the top you know put the poll you don't force people in order to vote on the poll to scroll through eighty million between the stories and fourteen cartoons and pictures of bush taking a dump and uh... slap and mole and all this other stuff uh... put it at the top then the people that want to leisurely take their time and scroll down in addition to which it would seem to me that i'm not we have a right now let me take a look before i do the poll let me just take a pioated since it is it last time i checked it was supposed to be my website even on air okay there you go today's poll and areas right on top nice going right underneath that nation wide number which i have no reason why we give it up because nobody calls it anyway and there is uh... see we go from the poll and five hundred and five votes to bush one of the worst disaster to the u.s. which that's cute sky news but uh... and and mode drag me mo mo is a drag and then you work a red crossing all that other stuff under and then you have to go away down with a story see not good the stories should be under the i mean let's pretend we got a bunch of intellectuals out there even a lot now even the girl don't have nothing against you reading stories he wouldn't read them no because they don't have anything to do with Cuba right but other than that he has no problem with the reading as long as i don't read them on a year yeah i don't know uh... there's a better chance to take a word with the right other the poll then you can take your sweet time and go and uh... fiddle around with the pentagon strike which you really ought to check out by the way power of nightmares first one and two are expired error i just mentioned it and past the pages are expired let me check on that i'm just going to click for a not found and right after right on the heels of my encouraging everybody to go back now i don't i don't know if he has a way of recovering that you should know Josh yes i will get with him will fix that yeah i'll fix that up because people really need to see though that not to tell look at him but i just mentioned it and passing so that's the way we'd like to format the deal and let's take a look and see the most red story on our website today and rotors runs bathroom break note on wire two hundred ninety people already have looking at more than twice as many as the next time story what does that say okay let's take four hundred calls here on like i'd also to the yesterday we had the uh... the pre the four-place story delta and northwest didn't they hadn't done it by the time we went off the air but they as matter fact i got an email late last night from uh... north west which i have it would be like a in w a member is that reflect a lot and saying have no fear and don't worry and uh... your reservations are good with us and then business goes on as usual any idea the idea and we're a dad and over here but nevertheless delta snatched pillow is for most of its domestic passengers and northwest quit offering pretzels they sliced thousands jobs press remaining workers to take pay cuts they we negotiated didn't drop money losing flights but it wasn't up to keep both airlines out of bankruptcy court both airlines uh... declared chapter whatever yesterday there were times in the days after Katrina the airline at the northwest was paying nearly a hundred dollars a barrel for diffuel almost double its cost at the beginning of the year delta and northwest both filed chapter eleven in the york yesterday both companies said the timing was just a coincidence became the third and fourth major carries and her chapter eleven since the two thousand one terrorist attacks we are reading the first page in a thriller that will end either in resurrection or the death and variable of entire industries we know today said wiggenrich shell and airline bankruptcy law in the earth so pretty soon if you want to fly somewhere just that flat with your arms in the case no regardless for I Bild it was not a Saturday morning exactly not an hour but it was headed improper misheard it was rousing it's nothing was just about to get into my microwave I am used to bear through many cities Care to keep us free in the Sanctal In the southern way I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be And there was an exit through the base of the floor And see, I didn't seek salvation I had come to mow the wrong But I found Jesus in rip eyes John, now God has filled the rigging change My life of home and people pain Because by the time I walked by, he's not washed by sins Away now I'll learn to be in diamonds I'll watch that Robertson And I'll vote for Matthew, can't even be his and run I'll pretend to be a dancer But now we will be circumvented Because I found Jesus in rip eyes John, now I'll learn to be his and run You're so good, so good, so good, so good Yeah, this note here that somebody crossed out that he just backs me, I think they were right Yeah, it goes to show you people who have so little self confidence I think that we have like, Shirelock Holmes here, even though it's unsigned I said, I'm shocked that nobody's suggested putting the crow on the pool What we can do that for last, I don't really care But the part that they crossed out, it says, I think that the photo shows The president's response to Connie's request for a peabrike The handwriting is totally different I think he just didn't realize that it was possible that gals can pee too I might be it But if you look at it, he's writing in pencil, you see And his writing is entirely different from the printing up above, you see that? Yeah, well, I mean, coming off the pencil looks the exact same, no What do you mean by that? The writing that he's, you know, that the pencil is right Because when he gets to the word break, then he starts writing, you're right That's right But in the other words, because I'm trying to compare the handwriting So I'm trying to be like a handwriting expert, which I'm not, handwriting pervert I think I may need a bathroom is all printed out and then break He starts writing and then the question mark, so maybe he had to like go real bad at that point No, no, really because you can write faster than you can print Right, maybe it started to sting Now, we're talking about a bathroom break or STDs, is that what we're talking about? Well, if I know, maybe somebody said him an STD will kill you Can you graduate him on a fine job? Okay, let's take a meeting calls here, okay I've been dittling around and we go once the call, see how many of these stupid assdores In fact, I'm putting my pile away, okay? We're just taking calls still to a clock I don't think he's dead, George, to screw around and take the day off No, I said he did better, I'm glad he liked the movie, what is this like music from us? No, all day, we'll just play, uh, uh, sleeping in the shadow, standing in the shadows the more time Come in to QAM, hello Dale, yes sir Remember my cranieri? Yeah, he's got 23 votes Who did? Yeah, yeah, we did, we did a place and wake up Good, Golly, even my contest point is more live than this guy Like I'm gonna leave my cranieri off the pool My kids didn't have six places we speak with 22 votes, great guy In fact, as I look over the pool and I see the dead people on there And some of the ones that are still alive, I only wish I could like wave a magic wand It kind of reversed the situation Now that I want to start in with Dan Lobassio, remember like that Line 9, WQAM Hey Neil, yes sir Here's a question, I'm looking at the picture of the president writing the note Yeah Are you ever unsure if you have to pee or not? In other words, you either do or you do That's an essay Why is there a question mark there if the end? Why is there not a period? And if not even a question, it's not just a question But I may need to go to the bottom And he held What the hell? By the way, I'm gonna internet exclusive listener You shoot when you play bitch or not the post is one of the best radio Really? Oh, it's great When I play bitch and not supposedly when a hell is that You mean when we have to dump something? Yeah, when he dump something We can't afford a fact on that That's the push-out he do And we had to dump something That's his specialty Okay, thanks a lot, pal That's his specialty man is crap Crap is us 560, 50560, pound 560 And the rising in the singular wireless lines WQAM, hello Hey, too Yes sir Put Pauli Run on the pole Pauli Run No Pauli Run Well, which one? Which one? We're not putting them both on there How about Pauli Cano Pauli Run on there Okay All right Now you're noticing he didn't ask he's like give me directions Put him on there That's okay I can handle it I'm used to getting abused Pauli Run on and he's got those big numbers Which goes to prove when you have no competition He always threw in a better number When Stern was on here you can find Pauli's number But with a search party Kind of like that Ticket across the street in the last trend man Just vanished Just disappeared Maybe that's why they're getting Sirly and starting to vicaring inside You know what? Could be That's what happens when he start going down the old queue But WQAM hello QAM Yes Yes sir How you doing this Pauli Great Great This is a suggestion for the Marlins Yeah They should go to FEMA The free emergency money for anything Hello Nick Was that good or what? That was fantastic Now to see that's what Miguel wants He don't like me reading these stupid ass stories about what's going on in the world He wants to hear a lot more colors He's like that He was funny that a fart attack man He was a panic WQAM hello Yeah, I'd like to talk to a nail police Speaking Hey, nail white, how you doing? Okay, Mike I just learned something very interesting from the collar The one before the last Yeah The dumb fucking dozens apply to the internet Right Right So we should all be listening to the internet I mean I never knew that before We could join Joyce by listening on the internet instead of the radio Yeah, wouldn't that be well Then maybe what does this do the show on the internet How's that? And then there was people know that I didn't know that Because that's the best part of the show Okay Okay, by take care We love you That's the best part of the show Is when we have to dump something According to this guy, of course he doesn't hear It's odd as you know it's the best part of the show I don't understand it But Miguel says man, there you go There's my evidence No, I want you to look at that picture again And I'm sure they will over and over again Now we're going to get a lot of hits on there Now I have like 4,000 reads They're going to examine it like Shylock Holmes Get out of magnifying glass Get out of Spide glass And spy it For just a second I had myself convinced in that But then you pointed out that the last word Break He starts into the writing You know? And of course with his mental acuity I really doubt that he could like go from the Printing to the writing back to the printing again See what I'm saying Containers here is that finnish I mean that might be a lot of work for him I think you're right I think is the pressure is building He starts writing faster as the urgency is setting it This is Neil Roger So go go go go go This is 5.62A Fire You Roger's on sportshold Radio W.A Yeah I'm just gonna walk all the way It's the biggest movie of the year From the director of Duke Subnazzard Those legs come over Jessica Simpson stars in He's definitely raised the name I noticed your initials were Double-teens Boobs of hazard You're the one with the biggest hood So what's this morning And I felt like But I booze with the time to see you And your giant youth booze They had a cake in the shape of my food They got my boots on my arm Take booze Jessica Simpson in Boobs of hazard My boobs may be no more I can still have the quarter of my hand Three of the extreme glasses for the first five rows I'm being done We got almost six out of our votes already Josh If we really push it man We can get to a thousand and eight during the show We're gonna do it And what a shot that would be a judge You know what Well I mean that's got to be the reason We're getting this tremendous number Either that or because we put the pull where belongs That's more likely That's right Nice going Eric Maynard By the way everything else is fixed I don't know if you saw that But he moved the stories Right after the pull The all after I rip him in What else did you say wasn't working The parts one and two On the documentary They're the power of nightmares The pages are expired Well they're no longer available Power of nightmares Oh no Yeah so So in other words the whole thing is gone off of there now We took the whole thing off Yeah should be Well part three was working I think Jesus Eric Well part three is fixed But I guess I don't know parts three Maybe fixed but you can't find it because he took the link off He told me that it's they're not available So I just forget about it Okay just forget about it I think what we're going to do is just Man on the website staring right now Okay we can give it a shot here We're trying to put it back together again It really is depressing We lost I thought maybe we lost Yeah maybe about 30% of the hits on the website When we had to take the naked pictures down The be the curtain Which we did to find your out by narrow grant you that But nevertheless And it goes to show you Nobody carries my Miguel is right Nobody gives a flying crap about these stupid ass stories Oh they love it come on Nobody cares about what's going on in the world It's not Florida for Christ's sake Since the land of escaped People come to Florida get away from all of this crap I mean why in the hell would people in Florida be interested in her Cames and things like that Unless they play football And from what I heard they haven't even played too much last week Oh they don't play it all that week Well whenever it was week you go Monday Well whatever it was See there he goes nipickin again But I just don't think I'm actually that's not true If we just could put the effort in their story I think that's what I'll do For now I'll change the title for you Yeah I would like to infect For example At least a hundred mother scratchers killed as bomb exploded across Effort and a rakey capital How's that? I'll put all the seven words that we can't say F&K us in Iraq That would get a Believe me if you put the effort in there that gets the retention Question time for that F&R Roberts Northwest and Delta F&A are going out of that bankrupt Stuff like that Anyway, let me read the poll Think about 2000 calls We actually got a shot I like the fact we got the poll right on top Because see that is What do we got? Five eighty seven How could it only be five eighty seven Was five eighty four two minutes ago I was going to say if we get like about 700 by the top of the air We got a real serious shot in thousand five ninety eight Like I said 600 any second man We're doing it And it's because Miguel is in there Pushin all like Cuban crap Other than correct human employees who's your own I guarantee you could fit the number of Cuban listeners that we have on a show Into that into the rumored Miguel is sitting You could have a lot of companies speaking your language and have room left over Yeah, you're right Huh, I said you're probably right Oh, yes, it's alien man. They abandoned this show We're poisoned It's kind of like back to the myriol boat lift days Bad guy, I'm the enemy Can't handle the truth Even the Gallagheries about alien he told me he don't even want to see it no more You don't want to find out whether it's growing or not Leave that to the of way was In fact, they're probably still checking it out Other than crank you M employees who's your all-time for radio personality Howard sir and 120 was there any doubt No, how could he be the king of all media if he couldn't win a poll like this Especially haven't been on this station for a few very traumatic months Phil Henry 92 are you sure that's because they're thinking about the fill that we used to like a lot The fill that says the voice in the team of America world police intelligence So it's cool men 62 and it's I think I want to see it I think that's more of a shot at Rick now they like such personally Okay, I think George has got the brain wash now. I'm thinking that and it says is fine I like him a lot good guy. Thanks by the way for the movie. He says love you, but get serious Oh 62 and Rick Riley has got how many is Rick on? Seven. That's bad. So that goes to show you a six seven sets like 85% of the paycheck You owe us that's a lot of money Rick I'd be right in the check right now. You great robber. You phony you fairie Let's see Randy rose 52. How do you like that? Joe rose 36 Mike winner a 24. I love Mike Wolfman Jack 17 Paul Harvey 14 There's a call. We haven't heard from a long time Paul Harvey. Do you know under were in a good mood? Rush Limbaugh 14 Ricky Tiki Shaw 14 whose politics are probably right in there with Rush Al Franken 13 Scott for Ralph 10 Grace Mantendon same voice Larry Lujac 9. I could play one of those other Lujac We're just just a little tiny teeny tiny bit of it if I could find it after a Larry King crap Oh, don't tell me it's not in there. Must be at a Lujac You're all Kalera and Lil Tommy lightning has almost struck twice and late for us That's about the school who law almost lost his nuts and any regular Lujac 9 down. I'm his eight. Oh brother Now takes an awful lot to unspying it's just a boring looks better A live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything But that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teeing up with radio's original bad boy Who now looks like an SBO ready? Let's a very high-mits tell that interness coffee sucks Yes, every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's cowardly this live on the air I need a hammer to bite into those muffin also on a fresh one play I see his wild behind the scenes at it I also the base of a Miami I man you're all always cook hook at you now get me some fresh coffee He's irreverent so I wasn't able to call me He's in coherent I'll tell you why that there's a double in a person He's a And he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listen to and let somebody get some fresh jiggle It's Iris and he's got these votes which ain't bad for a dead man in a chair cousin Bruce E. A another dead man With a really bad hairpiece in the chair Defose got seven always he'd dynamite or what Rick Riley seven bill called her seven Steve doll five Roy the K5 Roy the canvas we can swore a but we must have a lot of old people listening like me Great worthing five so what I mean Jerry what's nearby? Hey, Jared this is Chubby checking in Larry King's got five Uh-huh big pertin for big Wilson for hello big cast your old is got three Voodah boosters got three all dining room three Larry Glick three how's Larry's lemonade staying coming Mike? Let's see mad dog of Mike in a mad dog too. What do I? What I mean the act Lionel two aren't against birds that appear aren't he woo? Ginsburg for those of you who know you radio thick beyond you too It's just the celebrated 140th birthday by the way Allen Burke a pair for the dean the crow is got one you got to see it Go Griffin one Allen Courtney one for somebody must be really ancient remember Allen Courtney when I was probably his kid Kevin Courtney Bruce Williams one on a tool day. It's Bruce Williams on a tool day. Is he still on the year? He is so bad. Greg B. Del one and none yet for Mike of my kid in mad dog Sonny Fox don't have any a fox in Cox don't Cox don't have any either. That's Carl the Sue's from WBZ none They've made her WBZ none. We don't have a lot of New England people unfortunately Steve came on Jerry Williams none How can you I wouldn't have said money was on WNWS for a year with me Bruce Bradley none I could put all the other WBZ people under two Jefferson K and Whatever Jay done but tell us what I'm telling on and Johnny dark Scott today. Oh wow Johnny they hate you They can't stand you they wish you would go away and George by the way It feels pretty much the same way so they'll come in schmoozing in the second round for free food. That's Johnny's okay He just fancies himself as being a real broadcast because he's got a good voice and does those liners Oh and it is a one-way thing What you got the same Johnny dark on kiss is he on kiss now is he kissing it I believe so I heard he kissed it Well since they closed up due to us He's got a real tightwood at Caldown in front of University down to book campus got they used to be in front of Dan Dowds on University on 441 what was that a bad place air France said it would need to confirm or deny a newspaper report today That said the crash of a jet in Toronto last month could have been caused by pilot error Absolutely correct. Oh you like that. Oh my god Francis lay figure on newspaper said an emelization of one of the planes fly recorder showed that 12 seconds he left between the moment the plane touched down and when the pilots applied the reverse thrusters Which are used to assist breaking 12 seconds. Do you know how long that is? That's a long time. Yeah, do you want to hear along 12 seconds is here That was 12 seconds seemed like an hour, didn't it? Yeah The newspaper didn't say I would obtain the information what you know those French air France spokeswoman Maria time and said the company had no comment on the report I wonder if she's kind of Bobby Hyman Maria time and had no report on a comment while the investigation continues She said the black boxes were still in possession of Canadian authorities a we can either confirm to deny if she said We don't come at a newspaper reports whatever they are in other words Yamama air France flight 558 from Paris light at a Toronto's less to be person international Portemite heavy thunderstorms skating off the runway about 200 meters before slamming into a ravine and catching fire not too far from woodvine race track Or Neil loses his ass none of these three hundred nine passengers and crew members died The figure was reports said that the experts found the 12 second delay to be excessive It said that the black box recordings expected me may public off for the first that's a long time Maybe he was thinking about it's kind of plating like what's going to be like on the other side or something like that But none of the three other nine died contrary to the hysteria scamiles of Brian and that Nazi will plusery On CNN both of them ought to be fried and boyden oil You're over here and I'm over there and I'm about to mull it You know I thought also I can take from that few we hoi and if that fights focused it's one little pinky toe In the studio again my y'all punch up into no see I'll knock out his teeth I say I'm got a mob a rise of why I'll twist them into a pretzel Why I'm terribly familiar those slices belly open like a group of yeah Make that boop of the cry the next tiny attempts to assassinate my good character I'm gonna call my attorney. I'm calling the national gods And the matter where they are. I'm calling my rabbi and I'll call maple Like labels and then I'm gonna pull a freight train use an only my dentures like all American boy you've been lands on strong I'm funky in my check-up hand Can You I don't know if I'm going to regret it. I love you, Dave. It's a... Come on, let's still know in the 560 WQM, MOLMISTER. Oh, don't do it. Don't do it. We got Curtis and Josie. I still don't understand why we need Josie on there. Curtis 4-7, Philanford and Mad Dog and Josie's been a tag along. Not personal, Joe, but you're fond of us. Oh, speaking of boring, by the way, that promo, which, to be very honest, we, that thought, Roxy sounded really good on that. I told you, he's pretty damn good. He sounded very good. But, and actually, even your buddy, Dave sounded a little bit over-wrought on a one-call, but then he more than made up for it immediately when he said, Don't throw Willow's who's purchased an overhead, or against your ladder brave. I mean, come on, and it's your job to like kick him in the ass a little bit. Motivating. Stick him. It was a no hit. It wasn't. Huh? What's in the no hitter? A shot out. Well, whatever the hell it was, a shot out. There you go. Oh, son of the words, the fact that it was only your shot out, that shouldn't be... Anyway, Sergio and Highly, it says, It's about eight shows for the pool. All I can say to that is, oh yeah, put him on there, and how come Bill Tanner's not on there? Yeah, Josh, Miguel, like I said, no, Miguel, they'll like Bill Tanner. I think, but Tanner made a move on him in a hallway once a get him on there, okay? Tanner and more. Well, Tanner was a great one a year. Not so much off of year. Let's see, I know you're not a dolphin's fan, so is this fact, but it sounds like he want them to lose even to the stick and jets. Oh, absolutely. Of course, it's like I'm not a Michigan fan either, but I was very distrusted. They lost the no-to-dame. There's no-to-dame's like Michigan State this week in Evelie, Josh. That's right. Oh, that's going to be ugly. Oh, no. What do you mean? I thought that this part was completely Hawaii every week. What? Or, I was like, the Eastern Michigan or Central Michigan, but we occasionally lose to them too in the opener. You know, they'd try to schedule a patty, then they went up losing. Anyway, we don't care, like I told you, we don't give a crap about that. The real name go to Michigan State. I don't know how I got in. Anyway, it says you sound like you want to lose to the stick and jets, sucks, come on. Don't tell us you're even like the jets over the offensive. Oh, of course. Absolutely. I'm so freaking lonely. I know that you're not crazy about dolphin fans, but there's nothing more than the jet fans, especially those who live in South Florida. Are you picking on my buddy? Oh, don't, don't, don't. It's just fan for you. Who's going to show his true green and white? I'm sure, but nevertheless, uh, now you're wrong. I disagree with that in turn. I mean, we do have some of notch these jet fans. It's first that it once they used to call in just poison our morning show. Mark the jet fan. Who's the other one? Yeah, we're chief of Boris in and Mark the jet fan. Those two. Any other, there's a noxious fan from all teams. The giants have got somebody of noxious fans too. Like the ones that told us no balls. I told me. Yeah, like yeldy. There's one for you. Talk about obnoxious. The teeth is just going to go over the pan. Now he's going to be good. You'll see Mark my words. You don't believe me. You think I'm a fun and you don't see. He's going to be doing good job on that. I really have a damn exciting team. You lucked out, yeldy. He's probably just as well. Off that they had the luck out because by missing the season, if they would still have the same CBA in the same team they had last time, he would have started out as career calling a really horse ball team. Just awful that nobody knew the names of any of the players just about. But now they got like a real team when real players on it. They even most people recognize. Even Miguel, those some of those guys. Not. What? 5, 6, 7. Where's my hockey tickets? Did we get any information about that when a panther said, you know, it's really funny about how when they want your money, they're sending out like months before the any season. They go in their business season right off the bat. They're sending out firebeep, but it would put about. But when it's time to get the tickets they wait till the last thing in a minute. Isn't they? I think they only have two home-estivision games this season. I do believe. Well, they probably had a re-print all those tickets. They said, oh, DC on there. I never thought about that. And what is it now? Bank America, uh, rent a bank America center? Bank Atlantic, I think it is, right? Is it? I don't know. Don't start. Yeah, I know. I was, huh? I'm pretty sure it's fake Atlantic. Bank Atlantic Center. Well, whatever center like the Roger Center man, everybody they just despise the name. I was wrong with a skydome man. It was such a great name. Crapy Stadium, but a great name, the skydome. Where they actually have a hotel in the stadium with one of those. And one time they had those windows and they thought that they were one way windows and they come to find out that some of them were two way windows. There were a couple in there doing stuff, which is probably with the highlight of the game. And actually that was back in the days when the Blue Jays were good when they were two world serieses. It's so hard as opposed to now when they're like, uh, kind of mediocre. But they're sure playing sport or aren't they playing the Yankees this weekend? I don't know, but I wouldn't say they're going to play spoiler. Didn't they screw the Red Sox up a couple games in this series? What are you talking about? They're going to play sports. Okay, they don't better get your baseball stuff straight away. They're going to play straight against the Red Sox and horrible against the Yankees. Yeah. Well, Tampa Bay used to play great against the Yankees too. And then they, uh, how does that make? No, no, no, it's not such a good idea. Why do you want that game last night? I don't know, but I know they play great. I guess the Yankees and more earlier. Earlier, then they lost 17 or two the day before yesterday. And last night there was tied four, four. Yankees and then they had them, uh, huh? Yankees 65. They were, they threw a heater to Geter and that was a bad mistake. He, uh, not going to couple with six. The Yankees won. Six five. Yeah, that's what it was. It was 65. Damn it. Sticking Yankees. This one thing we can all agree on. We hate the stick in Yankees. Oh, come to Q.A.M. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi. Hi. I call them. Yeah. I call that ancestry. You have a spot for ancestry. Yeah, good. Good. Come any Q.A.M. Hello. Something he used to go back into his family tree. Hello. Pay me a lot. Pretty good. Hey, listen for a sports nurse who I love your show. How you're pulling Jim Row, man. Okay. He's your favorite broadcaster. I look at your show every day. I mean, I just like your show. Okay. Nice. Okay. Thanks. Hey, homie. You like Romney? Oh, brother. Sounds like a 10 year old kid. Bad. He is really bad. And his TV show. If you think he's better. Although this is he put his little bass to it on there. Isn't that the show he's on? Let's do it. The bastard? I don't know. No. He does a PTI every once in a while. PTI. Pardon the interruption. What does that? That's a ESPN show. I'd like to see Joe Rose walk out of the set and just just smack him right in the head. Just knock him right on his ass. Or does he punch him in the nose? Or at least pee in the mountain, do. Or a pee in his mountain, do a video. That's the rumor that we're starting as that Joe peed in that Danle bass is mountain Do. WQAM. Hello. QAM. He does very. Danle bass is show. Yes. I got a reason why I put you in a bathroom. What? Hello. Yeah. I got a reason why I put you in a bathroom. You're okay. 5. 6. 7. That's what I thought he said. What do you think? He said. He said. He said. What are those? He said. He said. Let's get all the clothes on. He says. He says. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's a good sign. You're neighbors find out about it. Your old be post. Maybe. What about toast? A lot of people love him. Is it toast? Or omelet? I'm not really sure anymore. I know he's right. In fact, Mark, Mark, Mark even failed on the overnight show when everybody was sleeping and he couldn't cut it. What did they call him now? Money. Money, Mark. Money, Mark. Oh, man. You can't complain about their number. You can't find it. We got 678 votes and if you'd have been pushing him, man, we'd have $700 already. Josh, we're going to get to $1,000, okay? We'd have $700 already by noon based on what? Why will they be like that? And see, I like doing this kind of a poll because it's radio-ish. It's like us in QAM here. Not real radio, but it's kind of like radio-ish. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QA. This Mark, Morgan, is the 12-to-one hour on QAM. We'll American A-holes. We'll American A-holes. We salute you. Sean Stayhote, tell me. It's so stay on town day. Psychologists could perform a roar, Shaxx has done the teaches thing. But you don't mind. After all, you're performing a public service. Given back to the community. You never get tips and at least once a month you find a body in the bathtub. But you can still hold your hand high. Because you're making hospital corners without a benefit of hospital disinfectants. Great, I've been room-body-severed. There hasn't been a spill that big since the Exant Albeys and TRIES you might. You just can't remove the bump from the room. Wait no more the bump. But you can be proud and swell up. Because at the end of the day, your sheets are tighter than any of the women who ever slept on them. So we salute you. Sean Stayhote, tell me. Your brother loves your broken English and your mint. You are a real American A-holes. 99 votes on at pull. One more and make a 700. We've got a shot of the 1000. By the way, the power of nightmares is back up. All of it? That's right. I thought you said it wasn't available. He's the best man. He was a guy that gives up real easy. But Eric, he's just perseveres. Do you believe me? No. I know. I thought he was a pho to a lot. He's talking to a bunch of retorts and flailing and failing ratings. I've got a story on the new latest pull. But I'm not going to do it because we get up to 10. George, you better come back to work tomorrow. Otherwise this show is toast and I'm an infantry. All right, do you like good for Tata? Spinach for Tata? Guess who popped one out of the oven? You already saw this. Brittany Spierre's gay baby. I'm going to a burby boy. You were so quickly reported. Baby was born yesterday by Cesarean section at the Santa Monica UCLA Medical Center in California. No other details available. It is the first child for 23 year old pop star and her husband Kevin Feederline who is one of the most growth test. I mean, he 27 has two children with the escrow friend, Shah Jackson. He's been poking all over the place. But nevertheless, Brittany just popped out of baby. Little boy. Does it have an amian? I haven't known him in that story. I don't know. I haven't heard. I saw that story. No, I see. I saw that story. I saw that story. I saw that story. I saw that. That's not the part of the house. That's not the part of the house. That's right. There's no hurry. Nobody's reading the story. There's no hurry. That's what my girl says. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. We're going to say that. I don't know. Hello. Hello. I'm looking at this list you have. Yes. You're missing a couple of old times. Let's go. How about Jean Shepherd? I'm going to say that. Barry Farber. Barry Farber, this is my husband, New Yorker. And I'm your guy. And old New Yorker and an old dimer. And old talker like me. Okay, thanks a lot, Pally. I would great day. I'll see you on the other side. Love you. Barry Farber. And Gene Shepherd used to talk to himself, which is what I do for four hours every day, at least I feel like it. Gene Shepherd. A lot of people thought he was brilliant. Well, he used to do a, he didn't take any calls, which I still say that's the way to go. At least he didn't read a bunch of stupid newspaper stories. He just rambalon for half an hour. We used to play his tapes on KAT when I first came to town. WKAT. Goes for the day, said the kid, don't let me forget tomorrow to talk to Hank about this silver bin. Josh. Okay. Well, are you going to? Because I remember when you make me remind you about asking Hank stuff you, kind of don't do it. That's because you never remind me. Oh, I do. But you know, you say he can do it. Well, we'll see. And all the pensant went to pensant, but I'll speak out going. Maybe tomorrow I have like a big, big scoop on a big, a few between Joe Rose and Danle Pasterd. Might as well give those guys a little publicity. They have no measurable audience, especially that big 18 to 18 and a half demo they're all excited about. Come to QAM. Hello. QAM. Oh, and how far five puns to it? I should play that game a little bit. QAM. Good afternoon. How you doing? Good evening. Good evening. Good afternoon. I'm Marcee Anna. I'm on the beach in North Carolina. It's windy and it's raining. Go ahead. I love one of those guys. Go on. Almost get their heads blown off by the air. I wish you all any wood. It's pretty ridiculous. Anyways, the end of the day are fumbling, fumbling. Yeah. You better get it. Might be Ed McMahon. Okay. That was either a call waiting or the FBI tap. As soon as they heard him say fumbling, bubbly, they knew it was going to be a shot at El Presidente. So they like chop his ass right off. I'll be honest with you. Rob Marcee Anna don't look all that good. That's one of those things. I guess it's the camera angle. WMQA and hello. Yes, sir. Right foot, Bob. Boom. Yeah. Yeah. WMQA and hello. Yes, sir. You got the crow on the pole. Fuckin' off. Oh, no. He's got one. He's got one, baby. In fact, if you talk to him, you're like, so sure what to. 560560. The crow who smells like a cashmere bouquet like he bathed him in. Okay, I've always said it's good thing to smell good, but just not too good. Not quite bad. I can't help it. WMQA and hello. And this start. WMQA have be right over. QA and hello. Yes, sir. I know, buddy. Great. Hey, I got watching the news yesterday. So I got, I got to bring these dudes on their, so first in Michael's field, something to wear. President Michael's spear. Yeah, I'm using your picture in the magazine. All right. Blue Douglas. Oh, my, was she just popped a baby out? What do you expect, man? Well, she's got a lot of work and not to do it now. Okay. Well, I'll make you like to do it with her. Okay, 560560. She's old news, man. Old news. What about Hillary Duff? What about her? No, you said the other day you'd like to do Duff? No, but he said something like that. She's like a little girl, Hillary. No, how old is she like about 12 or something? Like 17 or so. Yeah, she's like for little girls. Robin, Colorado. Robin. In fact, maybe the vice president's bull-died daughter would like to meet up with Hillary Duff. You ever know? Or just with Duff? Or maybe, and fact, maybe with Hillary would not be something. Maybe that could be the Democratic ticket in 2008. That would be great. Hillary and the Chinese bull-died daughter. Robin, Colorado says, I listened over that frequently from Colorado. Over the internet, we can hear the stuff you done from calls. Like when you dump the ass-white Reverend Jones or somebody was swears, we hear it. But when you cut the bits, we hear the same thing goes over the air. Nothing. I didn't know that, did you? No, and that's very strange. I don't know how that happened. I don't see how that's possible. I don't think so, Rob. But nevertheless, two for the pool, how he car and what about the bird? All right, the bird is the word. In fact, I can play that. All of me just say a debug and I put just to mind me to dump that. In fact, it will just dump it. And if you missed, I'll be real Roger show yesterday on 16Wild. This is this. Yes. Is this the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? OK. Listen, do me a favor play anything. Because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a dude. Do you want to do me a favor play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. You're not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why will you answer me? Oh, God, can't stand it. You won't say he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Oh, I'm with the car. The bird. He'll be sure to get him on the right away. Oh, do I have to? Now, if you, what do you say that? That's horrible. I'm going to get out of here. I heard some of those tapes. Yeah, Miguel was recently listening to you in the bird. Yeah. And yeah, that's all I got to say about that. Well, let's see. You didn't like to show when I was out with the bird. You don't like to show now that we need bedtime stories. I think what Miguel is trying to say is not like to show. I mean, you've come on and say it won't bother me. So, Peter, a lot of people don't like to show. Like I said the other day. It's just that when Jika says, you don't like to show when he tries to put it in somebody else's words or typewriter or whatever, then it pisses me off. Why don't you have the balls just to say it, Tom, you hate to show it? That's okay. It's not personal. It's business. That's fine. I still like Tom, you a little bit. Massages, just lawmakers, makers, reject gay marriage band. I don't want to read, see, I got all these important stories. And I never really did get to those kids. They found them cages in Ohio and Clarksfield, Township, Ohio. That's an old story now. My pile is huge here. And now you're forcing me to like shove these back again. And Croatia, they've got a new reality show. It's just a sharing sheep instead of people. Exciting. Well, for some, I guess, it's better than growing up gotty, I guess. Man, allegedly peddles away with pot plants and Eugene Oregon. But that's where it goes. And I couldn't read any of these. I'll say them for tomorrow, George Rollmine. He's a lot more, he's not a hard ass spick like you are. I know actually he is. Yeah, he's much, much worse than you. I can't say, I apologize to Miguel. That was a shot. If ever there was a hard ass spick, George, he's the one. Come on, it's afternoon at 5C. By the way, a pro-Zachron, George Willby, over and a couple of hours, great both of your legs. When was the last time he really indulged yourself? Weeks ago, months ago, even longer. Dilematres and CERTA want you to indulge yourself. Every night of your life would CERTA's perfect night mattress line. And right now when you call 1-800 mattress, you can save up to $900 off the Dilematres factory and direct prices too. The perfect night feature is CERTA's highest coil counts. Findest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort. This CERTA's sale is for a limited time. You're going to save out all sizes and comfort levels, while supplies last. Now 1-800 mattress and get delivered with an A2. I wonder that you choose. Chances are they've got the mattress you want in the size and capital of the U.S. looking for ready right now for same-made delivery. Dilematres is ranked number one in the universe for customer satisfaction. It's the easiest piece of shopping you could ever do. George uses them. I've been using them for years. Mollumagallair, he made a baby on a Dilematres and even fat boy. Hopefully only one. She's not pregnant, you know, she. You do a late October. I just a few of the satisfying people who are Dilematres customer and you ought to be too. How's that? Don't put it off another minute. Call 1-800-CHA, they multiply like rabbits. Call 1-800-MATRES, right? Now we're log on to mattress.com. Call today, be sleepin' like Miguel's baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATT-R-ES. Leave off the rest as because it stands for STOOPENDA's saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. Guys, f**king bowl. We're going to get the J-G-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J. You're away from self-pensual. I'm jealous. If the Snoop and Leia Coca, Fizzlewater. No, you're not gonna play with me. No, come on, let's go. Let's go, Fizzlewater. You're not gonna play with me. You're not gonna play with me. These are your math, these are you. Yes. Hello. Welcome. Fizzle. Yes, this is a man the name of the show. This is all. Huh? Hey, don't pop. I'm fine, there you own person. How are you? Huh? How are you? I don't know what you're saying. Who's our first guest? Who's up in the prison and they're all two of us? Oh, no. I've got no idea who that is. Oh, I see her backstage. Please welcome Pam Anderson. Oh, no. You got this of you. I think I know what that means. You have tremendous markers. Tell us, Tom, it is a doozle. How come it's doing things that are new show and then you have. I'm as you understand the question of what he said. It's a lot more difficult for you. It's difficult to doozle. I don't know what you're saying, but it's time to take a break. Yeah, don't. Who? Your dog, I'm Lee. I'm the same dog. You're my dog. Okay, still the calm and Jamie Bar when Lee and Snoop return. I'm going to present and take a whizdle of whistle. Good to be honest today. There's that note. Everybody take a look at it. We'll get over a thousand means on that today. You see, all the hand it was me organized the website and we're getting this tremendously surgeons on there. It's either the light of the fact that the judges out taking the day off screw around to the day. 746 votes on there. If we get to about like 850 by one o'clock, we've got to make the shade man. Which is a vizdle. Other than current QI employees, who's your all-time favorite radio personality, that's our very important pull question. They they future the human races, and you got it. Oh, by the way, anybody going to watch the person and his dog and pony show tonight? No. I wouldn't watch. I wouldn't watch that if you've paid me by the second. Unless he was going to hold up that note and say, hey, I got to go take another one. How it's turned 147. Is there any doubt about it? No. Still, had we won 13? Are you sure? Such coolman 75, Randy Road 68, Joe Rose 43. Mike, we know every 29. Alan, in fact, I can last transit. Joe Rose in the LeBastard Sank. Mike, we know 29, Al Franken 20. Al Franken 20. Come on, you people. I forgot most of these people never actually over the radio when it was like a really entertaining shows on and personalities at the, we're worth hearing about. Al Franken, my ass. Wolf, my jack, 18. Rush, Limbaugh, 17. On S. people were all gone. It's over there right now. He's on right now. Rush, go, hop out his van, wagon, break him some drugs. Ricky Tickey, Rick Shaw, 17. Haven't heard from him in a long time. Hope you're still alive, Rick. And by the way, Bob Hamilton stillish, muck. Scott for Rouse got 16. Now, who was telling me, oh, the beast was telling me this morning. If Rose back on Fox Sports somewhere, radio. Yeah, I told you I've heard that. I haven't had a good time. Yeah. I've had a good time. I've had a good time. Yeah. I've had a good time. Yeah. I've had a good time. Yeah. You're a team. You're only dead man in a chair who's on the top 20 in a pool. Larry, lose at 11. Vivo's got 10 tied with a grease man. Both are islipary. Bill called or eight. Cousin Bruce E. A. Steve Doll 7, Rick Riley 7. Sus Coleman 75 Rick Riley 7. You see how he russes really got screwed there, man. Scott screwed over big time. The audience loves such a hate, Rick liked poison. And I can easily understand why. Talk about an ego. You're going to have a big ego. You've been able to have a lot of town to go along with it, Rick. Although I'll tell you those down futures are looking pretty well. Larry King 7, Boobshabi has got six. Marie the K6, Craig Worthing 6, Jerry Wixner 6. I wonder if you remember that six million dollar man. And those A1 King size sandwiches. I wonder if they're still in business. I remember what. This is Jerry Wixner who never hung up on anybody. This old redneck on Wixnews and his biggest sponsor was A1 King size sandwiches. And I remember one time, some of you on punk calls up. Hey, Jerry, about those sandwiches. Click, you never heard a phone. You've cut off so fast. It was a beautiful thing. Speaking of a Tony Brad Brad Brad. Hey, thanks for a good friend Brad. Brad doesn't let us down. Okay, Brad, whatever. He's always there for us. Unlike some other fair weather friends who are your friend one day in and they're gone the next thanks a lot Brad, you're the best. And the food at the Tony's, by the way, is sensational on 441 over there at 190 second or third. Is that right? Yes. Big Wilson 6. Hello big Mike. And let's see, man dog of the mic and the mic dog shows got 5. Dick pertain 5. Larry, click 5. Paul Castanova's got 4. Think it up. Dick pertain in Larry, click and Paul Castanova in the same breath. Although the crow's got 4. So that shows you this crowd. You know what they do about radio. You could stick in a symbol that have room for Tom Jickus asked. Lionel 3, Dick Beyond A3, Denning Room 3. Kim and Sobby. Ed Schroes has got 2. That's pretty humorous. Bill Tanner's got a pair. What? Bill Tanner's got a pair and stuff said he seen him. Sunny Fox 2. Don Cox 2, rest in P.E. It's so hard for me to believe that micrynery and Don Cox are both sleep with the fishes. I can't believe that. That's how you guys didn't. Did you know Don Cox? I knew Don Cox. Yeah. But not the micrynery. Yeah. Well, you had no reason to know him. Although, you know, Don, I'm not only both. They both, well, they live the good life, I guess. Iron against Berg 2, Allen Berg 2, Steve Cains got a pair. Holy moly. So I guess what's his name? Nick Lawrence is voted. And what's the other one? The underling, the, uh, the one at the norm did. What? Steve Junior, the other, I can't think of his name. I have a mental block. Great B.L. 2. The bird's got one. See, and spot a, the bird. So where did you get those tapes you were listening to? Right here. There's a whole, there's several boxfuls. Now, these are from Zeta, Riod. I od. Oh, well, no, no, no, what do you hate it? The Zeta show was great. When he was on with the N.I.O.D. Well, I was my mistake. I had a reason to bring him over there with all that I need him for. So I could sit and feed his stupid face for 50 grand a year. Let him tackle in the background. And belly achy every time I talked about something about sports. That's pretty much all I heard. Yeah, really. Uh-huh. Well, that's probably George's late, pondering it on. You know, and George is a good one to talk about being of sit and, some he talks about sports. The way he treated Rimmer. Ha ha ha ha. Very far, where's got one? Jean Shepherd, one, bow, Griffin, one. All bow, the bow show. Alan Courtney, one. Bruce Williams, one. Jerry Williams, one. Walter, no neckward you see him on here yet. Bruce Bradley, one. He was good. He was sarcastic. He hated music. He played these good. And no votes for Romy, told me. No votes for Romy. Mike of Mike in the Mad Dog don't have any. Carl the Sue is he was doing the mornings on WBZ for 100 years. Always came in drunk early in the morning. None. Dave Maynard, none. Alice Rand tells you don't have any. And Johnny Dark has none. You got the big. Oh, they liked the way you read the liners there. So he's a DJ and on kiss now. Johnny Dark. Yep. He's a country music kind of guy. He's to hang out and do guys always wear those kind of flannel red nicky cowboy shirts. That's Johnny Dark. Johnny's okay just he's just boring. Yeah, that doesn't make you a bad guy. So it's like Joseph Gackie. Joseph Greikai, but he's boring. Dave and boring. I'm sure he might be a pretty good guy. Is what the giant tells us. Yeah, he's a great guy. There you can see. Now why you so like I looked at. I wasn't asking you to knock him at all. You say he's a great guy and I'll be the one to say he's boring. And you know he is. Thermal. I'll shut out for a gone trail will us. He should out there land a brain. Come on, you know, poke him in the ribs. And if he's got that real hot wife, maybe he spends all his energy in the sack. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe just don't have any leftover for them stupid ass ball games. What's quite frankly, he's probably making a right choice from what I've heard. 26 past no and a guy is obviously as he is with a bad hair piece. He's pretty lucky. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. 26. Yes. With me, Steve's crunchy wants to be a mommy. Have a baby with that dancing so long. Take a Shelby ready when she's 23. Shelby on on his mom and she's a baby. Will she let her kids care still? Let them fall in. She'll screw one bump like I said. Did we tell him? I don't know. Let's go. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. He's a little bit more. I don't know. He's now loaded. Chills through one bump like I said. Did we tell him? There goes a happy family better line. Who all liker? Storn soon. Sing new things in the style way a few more. horns clips was broken down and you're not getting another question. I guarantee. Am I the only one? Yes. But what for now is that? I'm Motus 9. Iceland City. Enjoy what we call Mind. Let's go from that. Next up. The racing banging down. I have this sigh. What we do is fold on the lap. Let's figure a white group. to be come up home. It's not bad to look in and go home. You're my stopman. Oh my God. You guys, this was written here. If Miss Drog has ever done it with the Jeff Gannon, Canon Guckert, you know, like maybe do you style something creative like that? Here's a fact from Brian and Pompato Beach. Hey, Miss Bugged by the way. You're fairie. Stan Mages, it says, let's put Stan on it. There's no S on the M by the Stan Mager, not Mages, but Brian, nobody's perfect. You still have any of the bits with him like the ones from Don Johnson, and it says we're Stan, I shouldn't say freeze major by him. He vice and don't decline. Haven't heard that in a long time. Or what I find that? And before you go, could you do one short thing for me? What's that? Just say freeze major by him. He vice your under arrest. After the way I'm not going to do that. How are you? I'm fine. I don't get it. You won't get it. Don Johnson's to get it. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Only. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I think that was done. You know what I mean? Did you notice that? Oh yeah. That's not a lot of John Johnson. There was some Johnson. Isn't that incredible? Yeah. Absolutely. He said no change. It sounds just like John Johnson. Right. What do you think, sir? I'm going to die. You leave him. Okay. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. This is important to everybody fat, so quick complainin'. Okay. You know, we've got a whole lot of huts on there and it's because I came up with the idea. Leslie Josh is a one. Even though I was thinkin' about that the other day. So maybe our great mines work together. The sink, the smelting down, to find the stupidest Pulles for crying out loud, has weighed out of the bottom that. What is Eric thinkin' about? When he's, kind of, a bottom feeder anywhere. Eric is what I'm hearing. And when you're live in Orlando, there is probably a lot of bottom feeders. Seven hundred ninety-. We're almost at eight hundred huts already. Can that be right? oh, that's right. If we didn't get to like about, I would say eight, uh, but two in the middle. In 3840 by the top there, we're like almost a shoe in for that thousand a day. And if we get the thousand votes by the end of the day, Miguel is personally going to come to your house and bring a whole bunch of crap from the QM promotion department. They'll bring everything we got. Some old best of. Right. We don't have anything. And if anybody's wondering about that idea that Miguel had last week about coming up with a CD, and I would say, but got about it. Yeah. Because the tie, it's just not the timely thing. The raise money starting from scratch and I get him produced. And then pedaling them and having all the people steal over everything and then come up with about 50 bucks. So we all are making our own contributions. Speaking of contributions, I heard that promo at the top there that came all ended for the, uh, big, uh, big of something. I sent my money to the American Red Cross, okay? Even on a little peoed with them about after 9, 11, all I money they held onto, but nevertheless, I'm pretty sure that this time it's all going to get out. They're going to be washing it very carefully of the people who need it. As far as the beeslees are concerned, I'll let Miguel and Josh send their contribution to them. Is there, not that I don't trust the beeslees, but how's that thing on a website coming at auction of those that scam they had gone? I think there are two articles that I don't have to comment. Two articles I am going to read with Miguel likes or not, I could care less. Okay. No, no, they're important. We import on tape. Tides of allegiance in public schools ruled unconstitutional. Let me say it again, unconstitutional. I tip my hat to this guy, man. He keeps it's the same guy, Michael Nudo. A federal judge in Sacramento, Rudy, yesterday that requiring schools children recite the words, under God, and the pleasure of lesions is unconstitutional, reviving a legal battle by the atheist who lost his first round in the US Supreme Court. US District Judge Lawrence K. Carlton said, I wonder if he's kind of Carl Carlton. Was that sounds Carl Carlton everlasting love, remember that? No. How about this? I know you won't believe me. How about that? I do. US District Judge Lawrence Carlton said he was bound by US Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in the earlier lawsuit that the reference to God violated the constitutional separation of church and state and the judge happens to be... I'm so lonely, correct. Michael Nudo, the atheist who brought that case, eventually lost when the US Supreme Court ruled that he didn't have legal standing to sue on behalf of his grade school daughter because he didn't have majority custody of her. Carlton, however, said Nudo's current lawsuit may go forward because parents with full custody of their children are involved in lawsuit. Yesterday's ruling is expected of course to be appealed by a bunch of our business and glam. A spokesman to the Elk Grove California Unified School District, one of these school districts soon said the judge did not issue an order prohibitively recitation of the pledge in the classroom. Asked about a possible P.L. Jim Elliott, director of communications said we continued to support the plight of allegiance as a patriotic exercise. If it was good enough for Hitler, it's good enough for us. Nudo, I'll cannot be reached for common. Any order in forcing Carlton's decision would not extend beyond the Elk Grove Unified, Rio, Linda, and Elverta joint elementary school district in Sacramento were plaintiff children of the 10. A bunch of George Bush's secret of sense is kids today at joint school. Today's ruling count were maybe just going to go on here himself. Today's ruling comes as a pretty way out. We know about John Roberts. Yeah, you got a Chinatown in Stanton, how about he's fighting a good fight in Michael Nudo. He's in the tiny minority of those of us who just wish that all you fairy tale people, all you Jesus Christ, there's all you far-bison, would just keep it to yourself, okay? God, they just can't do it. You're going to see all this like an epidemic lately. People on the street corners here, I guess in all big cities, hanging out with Jesus, propaganda, you know, and even somebody on Muslim, similar waggheads. Really? On the street? Yeah, they're trying to like promote better understanding between, I don't want better understanding. I just want to be left alone. Go, go find your magic carpet and fly away. And if you ever notice, maybe a seen those large group of Muslims when they're bending over on the carpets there, no, come up for air, their head is like right in the ass of the guy who's in front of them. Are you ever noticed that? Yeah, that's right. Wow, I never asked any of them about that. I still keep thinking about that broad. That she took the blanket in business class. We had blankets this time. My last trip to Europe. She takes the blanket and she's right right by the door. You know, that gets you a little bit nervous when you're already in the year. And I'm against it when we're in the year. She was the weird like to get rid of taxi and she takes the blanket. And she puts it down on the floor and she does your thing. You know, she's doveting on the floor. Whatever the hell they call it there, they ragheads. Right there on the plane, huh? Yeah. Oh, they do in the airport too, which is that that's also a little disconcerting before you get on the plane. When you see a bunch of people, you think might just be terrorists. Yeah, I'd be a little overheating. It's first that when they start lighting their shoes on fire. It was sort of the shoe laces. You get a little bit nervous. But she was like, she took the eye was disturbing. And I thought to myself, you nasty bitch. Oh, speaking of bitch, this is candy cowly. Tell more years of, but really solidifying a revenge. But this is the new deal. I have a bunch of a pontificator sit around and pontificate. That's the new deal they're on CNN. As if we can't figure out for ourselves what it's all about, they're going to explain to us what all the news is all about. Now here's another one that Miguel, I'm sure we'll let me read. Whether you like it or not. What? Now what was wrong with that story? That was an important story about the, huh? That was good. Well, okay. So from now on, you've inspired me. From now on, I'm only reading the important stories. Maybe three, four a day. Perfect. Now I am. I'm through with it. It's too much work. People don't like it. Great. So you said, like, you are. It makes the life a lot easier for me. In addition to what Josh will like it, because the fewer stories are read, that means probably the fewer that I'll be checking out. And if you're obviously sending an input on a website, which means a lot less work. Yeah, I'm thinking like putting up for you for a day. Yeah. No, you see the fewer that I read, that means the more I got to put on there, because that means they're not here in a month of show. Oh, that's just, keep someone's still like maybe 15 or 20 more like, like, that's what I'm thinking more like that. Like that one day a couple of days ago that you had a space to consider about one day. I made up for yesterday. I cut you a little bit of a Roberta flexed slack yesterday. And that's only because I, so only because I forgot. Yeah. I forgot to go back and finish up. That's all right. I'll make up for it. Roman Catholic Church investigators tasked by the Vatican to review US seminaries will be looking for evidence of homosexuality. Oh, my God. You fair. And for professors who descend from church teaching, the New York Times reports today, is not lovely. Professors who descend from church teaching, it sounds to me like we're going to have a, maybe a little bit of a purge in the church. And I'm saying, like, Inquisition part two is coming along. The New York Times by a priest. Serfuses Catholics the way to Vatican ruling on whether homosexuals should be barred from the priesthood. I got news for you. Bar homosexuals from the priesthood. You can close the doors of every church in the world of tomorrow. Okay. You lunatics you maniacs. You fed it right. Are you ready for that? You show me a straight Catholic priest and I'm going to show you man a faker, a closet queen. American seminary, see you know how climate goes being on this. Now, will you ever an altar boy? Josh, did not make it. Nope. Take out either one of you. Looked out. American seminary is under review. Never too late, though. I'm off that. Send you over to Rome. Both of you. Maybe they maybe they maybe they're purple. This new purple inductive into the Swiss guard. All right. Go ahead and send me over to Rome. You'd like Rome. Everybody. Anybody does like Rome as an idiot. I know it's filthy and it's congested and it's a lot of these things, but boy, what a, what a, what a place. Just for the food alone. If you don't go see the Colosseum in the area for them in the wedding cake and on the Spanish just the food alone man. I don't care what anybody tells you. I don't care what anybody says. The food is that die for. But you know, it's going to Florence eat one of those pigeon eggs. American seminaries are under review as a result of the sexual pro, uh, abuse scandal. Let's get the pre-todin 2002. The year the probe which is now starting was announced. In a possible end of the ruling's contents, the American art's Bishop supervising the seminary review said, anyone who has engaged in homosexual activity or has strong, homosexual inclination should not be admitted to a seminary. I guess I'll have to cancel my application then. The time said, Edwin O'Brien, our special for the US military, supervising the seminary review told the National Catholic Register that the restrictions should apply even to those who have not been sexual active for a decade or more even if it's been kind of like in the dormant. Look if they put it in a sack to kind of hang out, cool out for a while. O'Brien was once the director of the North American College of Seminary for American studying in Rome and is from anywhere to go to Vatican in the US church. You want to see a bunch of horny people man go to Rome like I said, when in Rome do the Romans. The issue has been in this file like because a study commissioned by the church found last year that about 80% of young people victimized by priestware boys. What a surprise. The seminary and, of course, that again goes to show their total lack of understanding that it has nothing to do with homosexuality, but their pedophile is a pedophile period. The seminary review called an aphastolic visit visit visitation. Well, symptoms of American church officials to the 2209 seminaries which have more than 4,500 students. At each seminary the visitors will conduct confidential interviews with faculty members and seminarians plus everyone who graduated the last three years of time said. A document with instructions for the reviews being distributed to seminarians and faculty members and asked whether the doctor on the priest had presented by the seminary is solidly based on the church's magisterium or teaching and whether teachers and seminarians accept this teaching if not for a thing. This is real Rogeris. This is 5.6.16.8. The old young. I'm teaching Githam commentary alive Amali wood with another day in of America's body. Born to you by the oxy-five companies newest at the medication oxymoron prize for a couple of three teenagers. It'll be a real quick Ramadan boy. Good show. We've got the word song in America and we're counting down. Record stories are showing them. For some I'm no reason you're buying them and I'm using numbers code series. The word three view of a top three songs on the church. And number three guns and roses is singing sweet out of mind. Well in my hand a child around the house today I have these four words for read guitar and slash and his cohorts. Stay the hell away. Number two, you and Lewis says there are E. No, 11 in our perfect world and especially not for you reasons you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back. Well I would imagine it's given a little crowded back there. But then again you probably don't mind. And by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Wraiser, Simon and Louis at the silly ass jury. Other songs on the church. The band Johnny H. J. as with one of the heroes moving down on the church and deservedly so. Okay, Johnny also reach music. I don't think hero status is him and a Johnny so get a real job. And there is a song I like. Roger Stewart, Lewis believed forever young. And for a man I thought was a song about me forever hung. And now a child will alone just in dedication. It comes to us from a listener and pass anemic California right near Casey. I'm 16 year old president of my class and six years old through my blonde hair, weigh 175 pounds and started quarterback for my high school days. But maybe I have a problem. The girls sampling will not leave me alone. It seems as though I lay one before is my good work tonight at Swordsworth's E. Like and they just like me as a friend. Creepy and immersion instead of some sex object and quit hitting upon me all the time. Casey, do you have any suggestions? Shine Todd. Well here's my answer. Dear flaming home. I've got a whole bunch more free to put on the pool. I can't wait for the audience to call them in. Chris, I took a lot more calls. I probably get them. I got some bad news first though. Carl Jesus is dead. Oh yeah. He did 40 years plus mornings on WVZ. I hated him. I thought he was his boring real dry. Like kind of a British show sound room real. Anyway, died April 1990, he was 83. Carl Jesus. I brought you Boston people. I brought you old farts like me. I remember when radio was really great. Bob and Tom I'd have to put the monitor as one. I realize that that's one exception to the rule I'm making. But if you can't separate them. You know what I mean? Okay. You don't sound like you're buying it. I don't care whether you buy. I'm not selling it. That's just the deal. Bob and Tom. Now I got some other ones for you. Casey, Casey, Casey, of course. Right. Right. Yes. Now he's a Miguel putting these on there because he's typing feverish. I see. Dr. Demento, you guys don't know from Dr. Demento? No, I don't. No. Well, I don't have time to explain to you. Oh, Rick D's, D-E-E-S. Right. Probably Robert W. Morgan ought to be under. So I'm never lived in West Coast. So I just read none for me to do with all those guys out there. Robert W. Morgan Rick D's. They both belong on it. And for the Buffalo people, he'd be like poisoned in the feeding his mutual George, Houndoglerans. You got to put Houndoggan parentheses. George, the Houndoglerans, L-O-R-E-N-Z guy. Okay, there you go. There's a few more. You're favorite, the radio personality. Physiologist, South Florida, got people from all over the country. And actually some people that heard we are radio stations before they came to this, they got for a second place. And before radio it died. It died. 560, 0560, pound 560 in a Verizon and sing it a rattle slides. How many QAN? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Can you play that P-D-E-O-30 bastard? You guys have my body keeps telling about it and listen to your show forever. I've never actually heard it. Okay, it's coming up. You got a man. Thank you. See. It's coming up. That's the wonder he says. God, turn the man. W-Q-A-M, hello. I like a couple suggestions for the call. Okay. You can be here. Who is it? Carl. Carl. Oh, this is Carl. Yeah. How you doing Carl? Hi, I'm Neil. Okay. You're here with Jonah, I agree. I'm Phil O'Office. Joe Nagra, he was big and Phil O'Office. W-I-B-G. W-I-B-G. Right. And how in the... Highlit. Here's a Phil O'Office guy. Okay, and by the way, the flyer sucked. Ah, there's a Philly guy. I know they beat the least. Ah, oh, we gotta get hockey intensive. Highlit and, uh, Jonah Agra. He's kind of like 24-Lotadale. Don't you love names like that? Real credible. 5-6705-60, pound-5-60, and never read the... Oh, and what about, uh, sticking a payload about Alan Fraud, a freed? Okay. FRED. Went to jail for payola. And we could put some of those other New York people on your two, but why bother? Like Peter Tripp, don't do it. W-I-N-Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good? Isn't recording the story? I know you just said, but people don't read them. But like, I don't know there's a lot of people like me, like, how we go, but like, I always read, or in the, I go like directly to the thing. And when you talk about a priority, no, you know? Yeah, so why should I read it on the air when it's over the end, our website? Well, no, I mean, you know, like, there's something, I don't know if you remember the first time you play like a documentary, the whole thing on the air? Yeah. Well, that was great. I mean, you know, and you got a big response, I'll have a piece of... Well, we're going to get off that. Unless, we're going to get off people, like unless you give it to them, they won't do it themselves, and that's why you... Well, that's what I've been doing it, then. How many people in this audience you think are going to take the trouble to read, um, re-en down? You know, we put this aside. She does get a lot of reads on our website, why we put it on there? But I'm just saying in general, the percentage is tiny. Yeah, but it seems like to me that a few people here, I mean, unless you serve it up to them a lot of people. Right. You know, probably to each of one of their houses and give the computers of the read, I mean, I don't understand what it is. Uh, that's it pretty much. Well, I don't want to tell you that, maybe just a point in the Bob that and uh, and... Well, and I realize that, let's face it, uh, you know, the biggest thing on the internet is pornography, and it's, uh, by far, by a million miles. Yeah, the fact that it had it was, you wouldn't even have thought that, just because we were putting those vegan curtain pictures on there, you know, I assume that most of the people who read our website would take a look at that too. But it, it's created this, uh, like a, uh, whole fraternity of people, like all these college kids and all these, uh, you know, they would immediately email each other, oh, you gotta see this picture. And then once the pictures disappeared, those people are gone. Yeah, they don't care about the rest of our crap. I know, they said, think I'm going to do it in come true, but a couple of days ago, when I heard Pusha say, I think for responsibility, I said, he didn't say that. He didn't say that. He didn't say that. He didn't say, he takes full responsibility. If not, we say, but I thought the video was going to say, oh, my God, look, what a good guy, you know, I was doing a proper one, but I said, oh, my God, it's over. This is going to be the worst, because every time he's done something, uh, you know, a resemblance, you know, at least he says it, and they proper up to be his great media. Well, well, in some of them, we're doing a like Jeff Greenfield on Aaron's, couple of the others on CNN. Oh, this is like JFK after the Bay of Pigs, you're right, like, like a story. We're like your family. Okay, can you allow me? I'll see you at the border. I'll go out like that. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So what are we decided there? I guess we got to decide. We're not reading more than two or three stories every day, and Josh decided we're not putting more than 40, 50 on the website. And no, I believe you decided that you're going to say, I'm not really sure what he just said, though. I mean, I, you know, he said that most people won't read it, unless he's spoon-teated to him, I think it would be a case for I should keep reading them on here. I mean, so we get a couple hundred people reading more wean dad on our website at 300. What's that? You know, out of the 85 million we got listening out there, most of whom won't admit it because they're in a closet. We got 858 vote, which goes to Shorya, if we would have just put in a poll where belongs there, instead of getting, you know, side-track by Eric. This is real Roger's. This is 5, 62, 8, 8, 8. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you a puppy. Yo, yo, man, yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your one hundred-dollar question. Finish this nursery rhyme. All right, Pickery Dickery Blank. Is it a dock, the pair, sea, marina, or d inlet? Whoa, man, it's a hundred-dollar question right here. You're kidding me, right? It's a hundred-dollar. For one hundred dollars. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one. That one is only for a hundred dollars. It's just a black thing. Did you like to use a light phone? Yeah, all right, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Astee audience, the 5050 and the phone of friend. Astee audience. Now, too many white people in here. They have 5050 in them to help me. Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Got a phone a friend on the hundred-dollar question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. All right, who are we going to call, Puppy? Oh, my butt all dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty, we've gone. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Oh, no. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Filbin from who wants to be a million-a-half, how are you? Hi. Got your friend here, Puppy. Go dirty, what's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? All right, all right, uh, old. What's up, Lee? Old dirty. Puppy's at a little bit of trouble here on the hundred-dollar question. He's the first time, man. First question, and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. How you said? Amen. Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now. What is that? You'll dirty fish this off from here, all right? All right, man. Pickering, Dickery. Blank. Is it a duck? B. P.A.C. Marino. Or D. In it. Oh. Come on, man. I don't got much time. I know this, man. I know it. I feel fear. Be sure. But, but, third, man. Listen, a lot of money, man. A 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. Amen. Times up, but all dirty said, peer. Woo. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred-dollar question. You know what? Registrate. Want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used. One, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And why is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, you're 150-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's Doc, it's a A. It's Doc. My final answer is Doc. It's Doc. And it's a good one. You got to almond all of it. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run, you run, you run, you run, you run. Get on the head. How many times we've heard that before? About 30, man. 104 or 55, I hope you've got a CWM70 says. What about Todd Schmith? I like the way they spelled it, too. They looked at one or two letters. I was just hit my string. Got it? We got it. Here's one from our chronic and Montauct New York, a very chronic fact. So we have it out. I don't know, my radio. Barney Pipp. He was like the first guilty. He's a DJ who had a real squeaky way. Barney Pipp. He was a Pippov guy. He was on WCFL, the voice of labor. 1,000 writes back in the middle of your AM dial. They carried the white stock seems back in the day. They were kicking an ancient style. They had Bob Ellson doing a games. You think Dave Ann Boring is boring. Whoa. Bob Ellson was a, he was the Terry Shivow of baseball. He probably had his own team. Yeah. And they ball outside. I'm not exaggerating. He was like in a coma. Bob Ellson. But anyway, WCFL Chicago, the voice of labor. Right there in the middle of the back of the day when we had those 50,000-odd powerhouses that almost no matter where you live except the course out for it because of all the Cuban things. No matter where you live, you heard all these KMO, Lex and WBZ and WABC and WJR and CKL. And they have all these things. Four of these things. Four of these things. What does it taste, man? What they have done to there are people on death row for less butchery and mayhem than what the powers that be have done to radio. The FCC, the big corporations, all in partnership together. The NAB, we should all rot and hell. How do you like that? You've taken a great industry. You've taken a very creative, wonderful industry that had a lot of tremendously talented people. And that's the reason that you've got all these squeaky sound likes now to run sports too because there is no more room for creativity. There are no almost none. Maybe maybe one or two. I mean take a look what we got. I keep coming back to that question which I know Josh don't like being asked why should he be the one to have to answer it but I mean what does he know anyway? The punk that he is. No, no, no, no, no, these people on this pool. He's an accoma from these people. He would know Johnny Dark from that's what you don't know Johnny Dark. Has he been in there? Has he been in here? No, I guess not since you've been on the show. Why are you lucky? I'll tell you how boring Johnny is. Even though he's a good guy. He just walked in there. You'd fall asleep. He won't say anything. It's like that. He's that boring. In fact, the other one for a chain of stores boring is us. He's a good guy though. He just boring. He can't help it. Are you in front of the show? Sure. The guy here will be out with Curtis for the mad dog that they following the moment. Let's see. We got how many votes are in there. We're going to make that 1000 if we have to stay on over time. We got 882. I'm thinking pretty easy aren't you? Yeah, we got no problem at all. One more story with Miguel's permission. Very short. You got it. It's kind of cute. State police in Boston have launched an internal investigation in the allegations of hazing in a state police academy. State police will turn it, share and costing in certain the written statement that a full and complete investigation would be conducted and action taken if ordered. No details have been given about the allegations but the Boston herald, citing unidentified sources reported that hazing rituals at the police academy in New Brain Tree included pushing recruits heads in the dirty toilets. The harald setting and unnamed source said the per-resulted from a complaint by a female trooper who resented having your head shoved in the pooper. How do you like that? I wonder when the president, I mean back after Eisenhower had his two heart attacks back in the day. People think I'm making this up, but it actually said in our local newspaper it said, President has a good bowel movement. Is this something that the public needed to know? Now since we saw the president yesterday, we said that we've got it on our website writing that note to Condolisa about he's going to do maybe a one, a dose of phrase. Whatever he's going to do one, two and a three like Lawrence. Well, I don't think the public in the title of note just if it was a good one or a bad one or maybe like wild diarrhea. Don't we shouldn't we know that? Yeah. Even though of course that is ex-cutary activity and you better not talk about it on the ear or else. We're approaching 900. Now what do you think it's just because we moved the poll? I mean we'll see. I mean if we get a thousand every day then yeah we can put it on that. We got 87. I mean the times that I had those bitter arguments with error practically in tears on the phone. Please move that poll back up there at the top. Please let these people see it's a part of the show. It's the meeting potatoes that bread and butter. And we're, you know, of course I'm making this all up and he gets so upset. Don't you just love ripping into people who we know you get a rise at him? I kind of like Tom Jick. I think he's getting a rise out of me. No you're not Tom. I can give her crap. Plus watch your right. I just look ripping you in ass. WQA and hello. They were practically in the water. They were practically in the water. Yes sir. If you are talking about the small return radio station. Okay Tom Jick. How about you? I'm about to return. Tina 13 was the greatest radio station in the history of America. And how about Lee Allen in his horn. I'm WXYZ. You got it. Lee Allen should be on the poll. Paul Winner should be on there. Oh yes. Right? You got it. But Davies on CKLW that babies we used to call him? Yep. Now you're talking about. I've been down here for six years. This is the old story of a radio. Oh yeah. No misty Troy just missed the radio. You got it. Have a great day pal. I'll see it. I'll see it in my combo is on eight mile. You got an excellent. Okay. Take care. Well he likes it because it's a script drawing now. Used to be great at Tanya Restaurant. Right across from the WWE J Towers which they had, I don't know, like about 85,000 towers you know, directional. They had 50,000 watts straight up in the year. I can't find my jingles. That's bad. Well I guess I got some of those olding jingles coming today. Did all the olding jingles? Yeah. When I was playing the Motown stuff and I had gotten inspired. Thanks so it's again for that movie. And George liked it too. Like. From 77 W ABC. Go. Go. Go. Why don't we show everyone the one? No, we don't want to hear that. We want to hear. See J, I'll tell you what time's up. For the last guy. Okay. You want it. We got it somewhere a little disorganized but we got it in there. 560, 560, 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. The new format on the O'Rodger show no more on these bedtime stories says McGill and Tom Jicka and the fat boy and whoever else. George is going to be really peo to you man. When he comes back tomorrow and find out you screwed up the whole day and format. What's, how is he going to find out what's going on in the world? I guess he'll have to, you know, all he already says he reads the stories on the website. So what does he need for me to read him to him? Good point. He just likes the way I read him, you know, with tremendous emphasis and flair and drama. As if people really cared about him and of course I know they don't. All I'll make care about basically is like are they going to get laid and what's for supper and that's it, you know. And if they're going to drop out of Bomba Grande on us and we're going to be able to do something about it. All of these things. We got 900 yet? I don't know. I'll check. 897. Oh, this is heaven. We got 49 minutes and we need 100 votes. So when that's still not that easy man. I got 900 right now. What do you got? Me too. I got 900. I remember vote. There's Mayor Ray Nagan who is about his emery on qualify man. He really blew it too. He's not taking as much he does he deserves. I mean, we really shouldn't take any of the spot load off of FEMA and your president and the Brownie and Brownie Howard Mickey true off. But the fact that a matter is that this guy, he really bows it out bad big time. He's a good one to be talking. They had all those city buses and all those school buses man. You know, if you're going to have an evacuation and it looked like the thing was going to be a lot worse for New Orleans than it was if that's possible. Of course they didn't know the levees were going to break but they should have anticipated because it was a category five and they knew they were going to get struck, probably hit on by a four or a five. So they should have had a mandatory evacuation they should use all those buses to get the people to damn hell out. They had three solid days to do it. Three days. But it's a lot easier to stand around a point to finger. You know, and of course now the governor, she says Kathleen, she says, oh yeah, well, I want to take everybody wants to take responsibility now that we got all these dead people. Like at the nursing homes, that was nice. 113 at 5, 60 WQA. And if you're here, if your head is dead, if you got a big ball spot, you can do a lot of things nowadays because everybody in the brother is selling you some kind of a system for new hair, the son of the musk right on the head. All these other silly things in the dangerous pills that guys take that don't do with the m things that make you sick. Tough y'all theories got the best hair system in the business, the natural hairline system. And for over 30 years now, for over 30 years Charlie has been helping guys look there by, so they're loaded with cash or slippers or anything in between because even the guys with a big buck soda Charlie, they know they can't get a better look and head in here than Charlie's skin-like hair system. It is 100% un-etectable. It looks like we'll hear it growing out of your scalp as opposed to all of the rest. And Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You have nothing to lose but that ugly shiny bald spot. You don't have to do a tri-try trial system for a month for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. And after a month, if you don't love the way listen feels just return it for a full refund. Say, hey Charlie, here's your crappy hair back. I want my bald spot and my money back. I don't think you'll be doing that though. Make the call today, 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Neorider Show and Geeters Summer Special Discount. And extra $200 off the regular $800 price of the best in the universe. Natural hairline system look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Call them toll-free today, 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. That's 1-800-3-2-1-24-13 or on the wicked web, Charles Alfieri.com. The Vist is Neorider's Vist is 516 V.S. Look at it. And here's the new Vist is our funcum. The drummer sounds like pop in your list. Swallow all my died. God bless you please. Vist is our funcum. There's a happy sign that you will pay. Don't worry about your day, day, day, day. Tell you I'm a criminal that could end our police files. And we have you in my day help yourself. Look around you all you see, I've dilated eyes. If you get in stone, do it in your phone home. And if you're a sister for some, You're talking about your evil, so your home. For more more, God bless you please. Vist is our funcum. From Simon, no sure not thought to waste. Hey, hey, hey, hey. We're going to make that 1000 like fall off a rickety bushing steering. What I use. Huh? What I tell you, you said no chance. No, we take credit. Dr. Ayer taking credit for it because we finally got the pull move to our place where people can find it. We got 929 and 41 minutes for 71 votes. I could do that with my hands tied behind my back. We joy sitting on my face. Oh, what a thought. 560, 560, pound 560 and he Verizon, Sing it around his lines. Got a pretty good race actually going there. Fulls given Howard, over 1 for his money are too surprised. Not really. Howard's 3175, 114, Suds Coleman 97, Randy Rose 83, after those 4, it's kind of a long way down to Joe Rose. But by the way, make it suspended for a ping. But he do now. He took a dump on the Danle Bastards, Hairpiece. It was a doof. Oh my God. Wait until he hits him with a trace. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, hey, hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, you know how you're positive and so up there. Right. You're first for a week back. You know nobody down here can ever know what day it is. So yeah. I think coinciding they can figure out every day. I've probably why it's much better. I see. Well, we'll find out. Okay. We'll see if it's much better to rise. I got a rip and George. 560, 560 and could be. You think that has something to do with him? No, it's Thursday. Yes. Thursday. You bastard. That must be why it is. Yeah. WDQAM. Hello. Yeah. I've got Chris Moore for your poll. Go ahead. Chris Moore is your favorite all-time video. Yeah. Right. You deal. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I'll pull by putting Chris Moore on. Okay. Don't do it. And I notice you. A little good spelling. All the way along with you. Oh. No. Nobody's perfect. Hi. Litt. Why didn't I don't know what or. I thought you could. I laid it first. Yeah. I lived. He had a bad island. Hi. He's a H. Y. L. I T towards H. Y. L. I T. We've got high H. I G. H. Lid for like, Jeff high. Jeff high. Lid. See, I played that pot song in right away. He puts Lid on there. That really bad. They're going to come and bust your ass. Hi, Litt. Now, are you going to. Can you correct that or went away for Eric to do it? We're going to have to wait for Eric to do that. H. Y. L. I T. Eric. Not another. He's so easy, man. It's just. It doesn't even take any effort to get him going. You just get. Oh, come here. We're not picking on Eric. You're doing a great job. We love you. And this give lost. Go eat 10 sandwiches. Do you hear him? Hello. Hey, L. I have the morning man. How are you? Harry Harrison. He's up there for 40 years in New York at the morning guy. What's the M and then C A? He started the M C A and then he went to W ABC for most of their day. And then he went to C B F M for the last 20 years. Oh, you really left off? Who that? Probably rightfully so I don't think he can get any votes. Her boss, Granderson. Yeah. Well, he was on New Yorkian and she had the four. I'm. I'm. Right. And he was on ABC for 100 years in a morning. Yep. Hello again. He was awful. Okay. Nice to meet you. Harry Harrison, her boss, Granderson. Hello. Somebody at a morning guy's man back in those days. They were the worst guys I'd call the Susan Boston. He the rest of B's he was great. He was just awful. He's just there a long time. You know, kind of like me. Just there a long time. But horrible. Same with her boss, Granderson. I mean, they had like, you know, cousin Bruce Lee and Scott. How come Scott Munnie's not on here, huh? Is he chopped liver? MUNI. Scott Munnie. I wonder who is laid really the Paul Munnie? No, or puny Munnie. Who is I'm going to tell you? I'm going to tell you about Bob Aloo. Bob Lewis or the Bob Aloo bad boys. You don't know from Bob Aloo. I know Bob Aloo bad boys. What's that? They were on Power and Any Sick. The Bob Aloo bad boys. That's right. When they were kind of dizzy or an ass. That Bob Aloo. Bob Aloo. Is that was that all about? Well, he's to play that. Oh, what, how you think of mine have to be? If he's in South Florida, it's got to be a Julio thing. Bob Aloo. When I talked about that Bob Aloo. We're talking about Bob Aloo as he was gay. He's dead, though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You can put some of these on there or not. Hold a penny. Miguel. Some are on there. And so, so apart not. Hi, let nice going Eric. He is on top of it, man. You see, all he needs is like the South Florida audience. He needs just a good swift kick in the ass once in a while. Man, he just, he just really gets on it. Somebody QAM. Hello. On Galeo. Yes, sir. I need to get my hands on the power of nightmares. I want to burn it in the DVD. Yeah. I can't find it anywhere. Now, according to Josh, we got it back. Did we get it back on there? This we did. We got it back out of there. I'm so pretty part. Just a minute. Let me take a puke at it and see if I'm being given bad information. There is moe even slack moe a little bit while you're waiting. There's that naked bitch. There's the Downing Street memo. There's the road trail. There's the power nightmares. Part 1, 2 and 3. Now, let me click part 1 and see if it says this is no longer available or not. It's there. There, it's back. Thank you. You're welcome. No, it's too charge. I'm reading everything in your website for the only thing. Thanks, pal. You're going. Okay. There's a guy with an act you larger than the stunner. Let's go. But nice job, Eric. You see, you were saying, oh, he's not going to get a pack on or he's too lazy. Now, what you said? Yeah, that's what he said. That was great. He founded. I'm serious. I recommend that. Well, enthusiastically, along with those two movies, the standing in the shadows of Moton and Team America, world police. Now, where did that come from? The one that George sent me. Or did he just burn that? I don't know. Is it a burnt copy? Yeah. Well, it might be mine then. Is it yours? Because it's the unevented, it's the original one. But no, then I see. I don't have that one. So, you don't have that one? No, I have the right answer. I remember wanting half a loaf is better than none. You don't understand what I'm getting. I'm getting it. I copy doesn't have the Cleveland League. Wow. Well, then you better get with it. He better burn you one of these because if there's portions taken out, probably just as well from that scene, though, I could live without that. Well, WKWM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. But of course it is. Pumpkin. Yes. In the spirit of the show that follows. On the pizza, my sweet favorite, no crit. All the crap you can have that on the fire, all the time. And I will definitely hear you there. And hit that. I love those. They're great. Ha ha ha. Okay. There's a happy guy. Maybe a little bit too happy. This is Neil Rajuk, which is a first-order. This is 5.62A. Got those checkered pants. The best thing about those greatest hit selections from the 70s and 80s is although wonderful memories, the music brings back. But what about all the great times you've had recently? Now, you can relive those memories with the greatest hits of July 2005, featuring all your favorite hits from the greatest month since June 2005, with great songs like Don't You from the Pussycat Dolls and Butter Rimes. Oh, no, it's the best song you've saved me back. She's with July, and I remember it would have caught out. Or this one from Kelly Clarkson. Here I am. Wow, that's a real blast to the fast. I remember it would be July because the weather was really hot. Or however, this classic from Will Smith. I don't know. I don't remember it's like it was last month. I'm sure quite when it caught out. And coming soon, look for the greatest hits of August 2005, featuring a lot of the greatest hits from the greatest hits of July 2005, but with different memories, mostly about how it got even hotter. You came from playing about today's music man because basically they're in much. Well, 31, that was that make me sound like an old-futty buddy. Yes, I don't care very much. Well, you know, I'm sure that there's just like the broadcasts of today, and these sportscasters today, 100 years from now they're going to be like legendary. 955 votes. We're going to give that 1000 is like easing right on in, you know, not even a challenge today, no mole. Other than correct QM employees, who's your all-time favorite radio personality we asked today since we are on a radio business, or at least on the fringes of it. Howard Stern, 180, and Phil Henry's got 136 hits. It's tight. Are you sure? Suds Coleman's got 100. Oh, it's Suds, what a clown. And let's say who's, how's Rick doing? Rick Riley has got, no time he's still single, did his eight. 100 to eight, which indicates a great heat. Rick Randy Rhodes 85. Howard Joe Rose 50, Mike Winnery 40, Scott for RL24. And I was a good higher Greg. Wolfman's Jack 22, our Frank in 22. See, when you get to our Frank in 22 and Paul Harvey 20, that's to give you a real good idea. What's going on? Rick Shaw 19, Russel number 18, Don I'm as 15. Defaults got 13 and those restoranties you like so much. The Greece man 12. Larry Lou Jack 11, Bill Calder 10, cousin Bruce E. Nine, Paul Castinova 8, the Crow's got eight. Goose to with eight. Steve Daught 8, Craig Worthing 8, Rick Riley 8, Larry Glick 8, Big Wilson 8 and eight and eight. Eights hold seven, Mary the case got seven on his swing and swaray. Larry King's got seven. Jerry Worthing 6, how about those sandwiches here? That's the Demento 5, Bob and Tom we put them together because we just can't separate him. Five, I may dog, I might get them at dog five. Maybe we should have put them together you think? No. Dick Beyond D5, Dick Burton 5, Lionel 4. I sure like his trains don't you? Sunny Fox 4, Denning Room, Kimisabi 4, Stan Major 3, Gene Shepherd 3, Jim Rome 3, So homie like Rome or what? He's awful. He's terrible. Alan Burke 3, Casey Kisson 2, the bird has appeared. How do you like that Miguel? The bird's got a pair. Don't be knock it. He's dead for crying out loud. Or anything? I don't know. He's dead. He hasn't even molting anymore. Bill Tanner's got a pair. Tom Cox appeared. Aren't he against Brutus? Steve Keynes got a pair. Grimpy DL2. I still can't take a name of that punk. That little, he's a little, you know, let's see. You got Nick Lawrence on one arm and then he's got whatever that kid that's on the other arm. Norm Wood remember. Barney Pip one, Alan Fried one, Ben at Barry Farber one, Mike of Mike in the Mad Dog one, Bow Griffin one, Alan Courtney one, Bruce Williams one, Jerry Williams one, Bruce Bradley one, Johnny Dark one, None, zero. The big, per Bosco Anderson. Harry, no, not Harry Anderson. Harry, Harrison. Got a change that's sorry. See that was my bad guy. Guess Harry Harrison, not Anderson. I'm sure Eric will be right on it. Even have any votes anyway. Paul Witter, Lee Allen, Todd Snitch, Joe Agra, Highlit, George the Handdog the Rans, the Hounds Around, baby. Rick D's, the birds on it again. You liked him so much. Carl the Sue's, they'd made an Alice Rantel, all have the big. Oh, none, none. None for George the Handdog the Rans, you buffalo nians. See, the people from Buffalo hate me like poison. Because I'm honest, and I tell the public that buffalo blows, and it's one of the worst places on the face of the earth. Like all the sloppage, all the sewage from Niagara Falls in New York, which nobody go, I try to tell Hank that yesterday morning. When it was given me a song that a man's about how they can have a big sports book in Niagara Falls, because it's against the law and I try to tell him, and Ontario, and Ontario, not Niagara Falls, New York, or Comper, nobody goes to Niagara Falls, New York. He did, he won't go back. Now, that falls because you know Niagara Falls, Ontario is a beautiful place. It is fantastic. You will lose your ass there, but boy, it's great. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. No, no, you can go there. They got all your games. They got a sports book. They got the crafts and blackjack and roulette and all the other stuff that real men play. And of course, 3000 slots. Wow, in that case. Yeah, you'd like it. And they don't have the coins anymore in the slots. They have the luck and Vegas. They use the slips now to computer slip. That thing with a coins man. It gets your hands all shmootsy. One of these days, wood appliances, they're doing away with a coins. Maybe I'll live long enough to see that. Of course, lately, I don't get any house who cares. It's only money, man. It's only money. Or it's spend it and enjoy it. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I don't think I can afford to go to the market. I can't afford to go to the market. I can't do this. I can't do the whole thing. I can't do the whole thing. I don't know. Give me a clue. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would also be tragen. I wouldose desires. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be great. I would be good. I would be great. All of them are really amazing. It would be great. I would be great. I think we can safely say it. Let's see it's 14.02. 14 minutes to spare. And we're going to reach a thousand votes on a bullet is right now. We got it. There it is. Now what? 567. 05. 6. He's going to go now. Yeah. Let me go finish the show. Okay. He's a miss and Mr. Smarty pants. He'd have want me to need stupid stories. Let him have a little for 14 minutes. He couldn't have lived for 14 seconds. Wait to off. Howard Stern, 185. So I'm 142 and subsequent 104. So it's called 104 and Rick Raleigh has got. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. Nine. 149. And I would say in reverse, that's about the ratio of how to pay the old was going. Rick Raleigh was getting 104 to every nine bucks that the so's way was. He was a siphoning off the sides. He didn't like crap like some kind of an underling. But that's what happens when you're easy going like so's me. You know, just take it and take the flow as it go. Not a good idea. I'd sue his ass. WM. Hello. Hey, rock. WM. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yes sir. You're right. You're right. Yeah. Hello. Hello. This Mr. Red. Oh. W to kill a M. Hello. Yes. How about add a one more to the poll. You see the break over the exports radio host. JT the break. He was awful. Well, let me do a. It keeps the show move. Let me see what they knuck this more often than 954. 567. Oh, there. 560. Oh, Oh, is he picking on the crow again as bad? 567. 567. 8. 5. Oh, 8. 5. 6. Is there an echo in here or what? There is a crawlman. He's now what happened with him. He's in California, coaching a team somewhere. Really. Is he really? Oh, my god. Talk about the blindly. Man. That is. Percentive. No, because I don't see his name. No, mole on here. I see Lenny Martens on a lot. Oh, and Lenny Martens Detroit's dreadful. No one to throw his act in so fast. Exactly. Lee. They teamed his for asset for Lenny Martens. Good guy, Lenny Martens. But he didn't even. He shouldn't even be lobbing the building much less on the year. So when anybody on this station starts picking on some of the other trash that's on local radio, just reminded me we got Lenny Martens and when he's in town to crow. So who the hell are we to be pointing fingers at losers like, you know, like, stew gods? Governor, you could win a rich daddy. QAM hello. Hello. Is it the deal? Yes, sir. Hi. Hi, New York. Great. I got one for your poll. Chris, five. Hmm. Hmm. Well, obviously, that's because you're there, make today Miguel. Hello, the who the are sitting around in a circle. Tell me QAM hello. Hello. To a him. He must be the pivot man on that team. Chris Bush. Yes, sir. No. Yeah. What's up? Well, you got Tony Bruno. Tony Bruno. Yeah. Do you know that they wanted that was what they were talking about. In fact, they're still is talked that after I finally hang it up in 20 years. They want to put Tony Bruno on us. In fact, don't let me forget tomorrow morning when I do the cross over with Hank Josh. Yeah. Yeah. Tony Bruno. We need to discuss because he likes Tony bro. I think this is buddy's his part of that sports fraternity. Tony bro is a jackass. He may be a nice guy off the air, but on here. Oh, he's got that. He's not laughing. He's just horrible. You ever listen to Tony bro? I'm sure you're here. Yeah. He's horrible. awful. But you can go ahead and put a minor. Maybe I'll get more votes than Romy. Okay. But I'm sure if I mentioned that the Hank he'd get very, uh, not he wouldn't. He couldn't disagree. Just like when I talked about his buddy Joe today. He just got a chuck a little bit. He knows. Hank's been around a block a little bit. He's been around a block a few times. He served 40 or 50 suspensions this month. He knows. I like when Hank gets a little furly with you sometimes. Hey, don't you notice how I try to prod him a little bit because, you know, I mean, we agree on a lot of things, but it's a lot more fun when you disagree. Right. When you start getting to have a, well, he likes to get me go with that most stuff. You know, I'm like, uh, bored with all of that right. I just, I just, I just, I can't bring myself even dignify him by a response because he's just, how low can Mo go. You know what I'm saying? He's just, he's just lower the bottom of a total pool. I'm listening. Yeah. Yeah. He got a punch everybody in the nose. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's kind of a useless exercise, you know. I'm just, I give up my shovel and, uh, pale and, uh, in the sandbox when I was like in kindergarten. A long time ago, 400 years ago. But he always wants to like shovel, shovel me Hank into that direct because he must go, you know, through this stuff that he's going to get his ass in trouble for. It's like your rose, ripping an ass in dental a baster. I'd share like to know what that's all about with you. Yeah, me too. I'll try to find out. I probably, I've probably, I've probably bogus anyway. I've probably planted the seeds for that so that we would mention it and that people are going to tune in. Oh, there's a big field going and come to find out there. You know, well, just throw it the eater. Yeah. Not going to help them. No. It will not help. And, of course, are those 18 to 17 demos, man. You're really kicking some serious ass. What's that guy's name again, Joel? Fine, bird. All I can say that is. Oh, hey. Every ethnic group has its own, you know, its own black sheep. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, Mr. New York. Yes, sir, Mr. Collar. Oh, right. Actually, it's a great sense. I don't know if you're having it on there. There's a couple of things. One, Ron Hershey. Ron Hershey. I mean, Hershey, how away? There you go. And the other thing is since, you know, famous speeches highlighted in quotations in the United States of America. If you play a kiss, my deck sound by not a chance. Yeah. Oh, this guy. Oh, boy. He was off the way. He's still Ron Hershey. So that's why it's on. So we got our thousand. It wasn't even a, it wasn't just one that. That's the, you know what? Well, you know, I thought like a sexual experience would know, conclusion if you catch my drift. 152 at QAM is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A. If there's a butt ice melon, New Orleans thought it had been spared the worst. And then two major levies broken slowly the city filled with water. The city that fiscal low sea level is now under sea. Officials have to make that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater. The governor has been asking for everybody to say a prayer. I think we could probably do that for our friends. And that was one that had good. I'm dying out of here. This don't you know me. I'm a man of God. I'm a train of God. Maybe you're new Orleans. I've become five on the top of the day. Last night we began this broadcasting. Katrina was bad. Very bad. Last night we didn't know that half of it. We are still learning just how bad. What I saw it today is equivalent to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia. There are places that are no longer there. I'm the everything that's just bloody. Everything. There are people being evacuated. We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aids to one another. They're teleconters and rescue teams. Lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all for rooftop. We're hearing lots of stories like that. People insisting one another. Just for them and for not just them all the people down there. They're picking up the pieces. This is rolling down the piece. Good morning and very glad. This is not only Latin America. I've never trained at all the city of New Orleans. I've become five on the top of the day. Tonight I asked for your prayers. All those degrees. Turkey and Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best. I asked the people who joined me in saying a prayer for the victims in their families. God bless. Bye bye!