Pardon me. I said I guess a lottery must have been gambling. No, no, because it's a war would be morally wrong. I guess that the racing Nicho's on in the highlight. That's that's not gambling either You know that the state is in partnership with and takes its cut. No, you know what your governor is doing now He's now gonna beat this thing now that it's already passed in Breyer County and They've got a technical the honor that they're gonna get there I blame the proponents Man, they ran a class class three slot machines should have been specific if you leave anything up in a year to these grave Absolutely that's what he's famous for subverting the world of the public with his previous plans about class size He's a piece of crap man and why you know the Carl Heisen by the way I'm gonna agree with you 50% of from yesterday morning We'll give bush 50% and the Hero 50% of the blame fitting pity yeah because Carl Heisen is a total sellout He's just like all the others he pretends to be like an independent journalist who doesn't you know Total party line he's just another shoe after I had a call yesterday I looked online there read his column from Sunday right what up piece of crap No, I'm always in my entire highest and I don't want to enter among this one not no more What I didn't who was they got to them and they didn't mention one word in there about the fact we already got it with the Indians and with the cruise ships You mentioned nothing about that at all. It's not specific The enabling legislation always has to be passed in any state by the legislature That's not strictly a Florida thing. That's just the way it is you can't you can't compound it on a ballot because then it makes it a dual It makes the issue unacceptable for the ballot You know all these challenges we've had over the years you have more than one issue on a ballot It's not it's not legal you can't do it but the pro side but they show a random very word lines say ran a poor campaign and the proof of it is I think there were two problems with it One they did it in the name of education. I thought that was a mistake and I'm talking about you know What they were trying to sell and secondly was because people don't want to put money in Education because they don't trust where it's going and I know that he also a he's also a He's also a Phil's to mention the column where says oh, we don't know what we're getting us all up in here They met would be the Board of Education people they met with the county commissions in both counties They put it in writing to the the 30% of the gross of profits It's all in writing from the operators of the paramutual. I'm gonna tell you this deal if they aren't class three slots and they limit the hours and They limit the amount like the 20-hour There it's gonna go over like a pregnant pole That's a matter because nobody's gonna get anything right And I and that's just another way of sticking into public education, which of course is another one of his specialty and another way of sticking it to the public Not giving him what they voted for right, but the art or you know that they only know those two ways to do things You either disenfranchised people so they can't vote in case they're against what your side is on or You make sure that you revoke what people voted for and that's what this guy's about Well, that's called a dictator which he and his brother specializing. That's the best man I got the beast made a face at me when I referred to him as a Nazi earlier in the show Oh, he's a little painted the whole family the grandfather did business with the Nazis I don't see anything wrong with that more and more every day that articles I'm reading about his brother being a Nazi El President and yeah, oh, he's missing is the little mustache I'm gonna just read one other thing here. I do not read on my own show without reading here, but now it's my show. It is here Poles among Republicans had slipped from 52% paper slots to a 30 no matter of days because it was Governor Jed Bush the Republican governor who is especially popular among these Cuban communities Blitz his home turf last week and labeled a stop to bad bed I do like that That's what they listen to if any of the bush family tell them to go to a clip and and jump They want to know how high and how fast you know what that would be a start Hey, man, hey man. Oh, yeah, have a good show and have a great day And don't I don't do what I did yesterday. Don't lose too much. I guess they have lost too much I guess went home watch basketball Well, that's that's a good safety and I won five out of six Well, you just you never lose. Let's face it. No, I do you're just a miracle man. That's me or full of crap I'm gonna be on the know I'll tell you when I was by a lie lost bed day That's one of those things. You know I'm in a great mood today the sun is shining and it's always another day Sun's out here too. Well, there you go. Too bad it wasn't shining on Tuesday Now that's the excuse now is a great rainy day and this one didn't show up on this group didn't show up Yeah, well, I'll never excuses as they say around the track Neil. There's no point Looking up a horse's rear end to see what killed them Back home here comes the buddy in there goes Sonny Have a great day. You're too and don't I can I You I could offer only one tip for the future act strange and people will leave you alone the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable Am I only and the rean experience Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go sniff crackle and pop Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much Rick the stranger tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign of respect Take lots of pills one of them might work Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis The annoying During an IRS audit staple the guys hand to his desk Moon A funeral Play a go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working Run naked through a mall yelling kill a bees kill a bees Say the word titty without smiling Try to figure out who said polyshore should star in movies Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it Disappear for great lengths of time Try to touch your forehead with your tongue if may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort At a high school union till your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework Ask Mark McGuire. He'll take a million dollars for one of his books Try to find the secret to caratops success Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out Try not to lose your finger in your nose Pick a thought costess and toss them on a lawn next door go on a car troop with about costess and force of the stainless car seat Try to dribble about cost Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness Knowing you you've done some crats really fist them all wish no real world anyone unless you don't like them Then school their own Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has you always walked like that Understand if they're a bad people in the world and you may just be one of them sniff and old lady Imagine gomarpile and a gay bar trying to get lucky Do this without laughing Find what's left of you in sense Understand it embrace it protected and have you so often take it out for a nice notch Caronum not to care home while you eat Extranged and people will leave you alone It's 10.07 happy a Thursday to it. Well I'll tell you the week is zooming by in it It is especially with that vlogging yesterday two by the game ended about they what they do Reigned it out they did well So we got a little bonus there with Curtis Stevenson yesterday because George wasn't gonna come back on to a 15 minute show if he has some stupid exhibition Morgan I school in George they George told stuff stick and baby I wanted I wanted like a girl and he took pity on it. Well he could relieve 244 votes on the new pool already, but we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. That was a great line Hank. Yeah, it's a start That was sensational and I think he had his son right on it there. It's a start There's a cliffs of dober but then again that's got to do with dober downs We don't want to start talking about that again Do we have any cliffs you don't have too many cliffs in slow-world? Maybe lord of all the California crash-more Okay Just take him to like a hill somewhere it overpass. Yeah, or maybe just to the edge of the the beach Just head out there to the beach in fact Maybe they can look for slimy is what somebody all the other two is matter fact just keep going east on A1A get to A1A and then just head east and keep going to you get there. You'll find it Very sad, but that's our Florida man It's in a grips of a bunch of people who just refuse to come out of the 18th century. They're just in the stone age And whatever the bootch mice to tell them that's so what they do they do and and like we just said It's you know more like a dictator than a governor But we'll get to that let's stuff like I just said not get ahead of ourselves shall we should we not get ahead of ourselves here's yesterday's pool Kind of interesting 1525 votes in the north is now I'm putting the new poll up there like early in the morning Just a little bait and switch just to give you something to do keep you on your toes to get you involved a little bit Those of you 50 people are still a flisking to QAM Hey, what's the one just fine okay everything here is all we're fine. Sorry baby. Great is out of the country Clarence is up there in Virginia for some stupid ass U.M. Basketball game again Duff has got the keys to the kingdom now do we ever find out who that was yesterday that it was like making those a grownings sounds It could have been any of the people in there with none. Oh, it could not have because it was a fairly deep voice Which leaves out these out several of those people. Duff's you don't have a deep voice Ray Perry has he sounds a little bit like Jack Nickless. Yeah Kind of a Gary Sarner has that whiny You know very orthodox voice who else was in there. It wasn't Miguel because he's got that telltale Spanglish thing, you know Yeah, so even a grown from him is like a little an espanyel I don't know who that was didn't seem to fit him with any of those dead crowd Maybe it was something that we don't know like one of our new Sales people something like that or maybe our new promotions lady, which is Josh Curtis's mother I didn't too tell me that before they're doing them off and making all those comments Well, first of all is that terrible second of all I didn't know you were going to be making those comments How did I know you heard a lot before anyone had a chance to tell you anything? You just went on oh to hell. It was very easy You know you mentioned it the first time we've mentioned it before What laws my desire for motion that you're up there I don't know the motions. She's another promotion assistant. Well, what is she keeping furring things? Yeah, she's redhead But what is she she's the internet sales manager for power and QAF internet sales manager? What is that? What do we sell on the internet stuff? Yes, yeah, not in the internet sales manager what if I ever heard a scam that's it Internet sales manager my ass Sure So now that she just got some kind of a fully bogus sitting there under payroll Well, that's nice. She why not everybody Really one right got a whole bunch of people like that Well, bunch of free loaders back we can have my actually me able to pay you guys a little bit if we didn't have all about whole Crowley I think Sam's still on a payroll. I bet you had great life. Yeah, I have a leave it and probably even scouran Just just to buy her silence. She's probably still gonna check 1525 oh 10 yesterday's pool. What tacos kneels worked with other than a QAM? Did you like the best? Still Henry back in days when he was really great. We like him a lot. Are you sure they have back in those days? We hate you like poison now that you sold out and turned into a right wing bush liquor you idiot you feel hungry 440 votes. It wins a violent slide never listening to you before QAM 232 over 15% So we've had you know added a little how many people we added these seven years not So it's Coleman 2209 they love soads without Rick not to crazy about Rick but they like soads Randy Rose None of the above 84 that's the crowd that don't like anybody we hate them all Mike winner 83 will be sure miss him what a good guy. That was just horrendous Rick Riley We don't miss him a lick 67 we don't miss your wreck. We can't stand you you an idiot The bird 63 miss him a little bit. Yeah, he was even though you didn't like him Why he had his moment he was on Zita. He was very good. He added a lot of the show no matter any word Listen to that anyway, so what do you know I never said I didn't like him Oh You're going to start that crap now just like we're about Riley and we're seeing it over again This is great as to who do you hate more Rick Rowner the bird think about it right the bird 63 bill called her 31 Boyce along drop off, but you know bill Had been on for years that made you 27 but that's shocking Dave Capri 22 Jerry witchener 19 while he and Sammy Smith are probably sing it together in a big old redneck tent in the sky as they drive than a hoochie men trail. Rook Daniels 12, Joey Reynolds and Craig Warding 11 of the piece, Paula drives to Craig for that being a lumped in with Jerry Reynolds. That's disrespectful. Jerry Williams and Alice Rand tell eight of piece, Alice Bennett had five and Chris Baker had three votes. Oh my God. One drop of my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. That was his show right there. Oh my God. It was pretty exciting. 10 13 at 5. 60 WQA. I've got two sets of rats. Well he's a teller has he had me. Oh, who got your money from his daddy? Oh, and if I said I'd be a little granny. Oh, we've been a gender that's crackling. Oh, Ellie's a teller has me back. No, but they are fillet. Oh, Ellie's a present and she'll start. Who doesn't have to run? No one else is going away. He might as well just go right in. 10 5. 10 5. 10 5. 10 5. 10 5. He has a golden spoon. He was born with nothings as. So look out on you, Jews. Oh, and ready for the gas. He's a teller has he had me. Oh, and he'll give our table right the way. Oh, I need the teller has me. Oh, the way, Ellie. Well, he's a very well-he-do. With very bad issues, you've moved out of the cage and do five extra. We're all being screwed. She called. She called. She called. She called. And he's not doing that race against Buddy, but hey, why don't you think they call it silver? The tutorial and the race. We've been told that he's an active. Oh, he's a teller has me. Oh, yeah, he's a teller has me. Oh, the way. Oh, he's a teller. Yeah, I was very short before the show and I think it first met me. Oh, by the way, how are you, Giovanni? It's a fitting curtain there. I think she was, not the first one to say, but she did say, Oh, God. She's a. She also said that. And if you take a peek, you'll understand what I'm talking about. Ah, Arjo Giovanni was born November 3rd, 77. Maester 27. And she has got humongous resume was, which obviously are not real. There's not a child, a man's chance in hell that those are real. Is there? those are real is there well little bit of care is trivia on IMDB she enjoys new beaches one has matter frankly look at her resume doesn't appear to be an awful out of like serious acting you know I'm saying yeah comedy mostly blah the girls mystique presents h2 oh with like several h isn't naked diva virtual latances abiana erotic idols girlfriend you go girlfriend 13 erotic ghosts beach black at malibu survivors exposed uh blonde and brunettes and arria and a bunch of other real sex extra pornicopia going down in the valley all set a full battle on and a bunch of other crap girls of penthouse for so there she is arria juvani nice tight into a born in elabo but nevertheless nothing's perfect including her face but that's so we don't want to get that now what I was just saying all about the the mafia and uh butista for hence you a bitista okay well known and widely known and no one would even try to dispute it that the mob they hang in rots of the world myor landscape and traffic and all the others they were paying the tasty enormous amounts money under the table so he would look the other way so those casinos as beautiful casinos in a van with the flourish and bringing tons and tons of money uh and enormous amounts that they were siphoning in their pockets of course my so he got he got a nice piece we got him and raw was it he had a big piece that's right so there you just mention that because in cuba they love the casinos and it was one of the great tourist destinations and everybody was having a wonderful time and it was a great thing but as soon as somebody named bush says oh go out there and it's gonna bring in crime and it's gonna be the end of the world and you're all gonna go bankrupt and lose your lunch money and it's gambling is evil see this business in imposing his personal views on everybody it's like the same thing with the Christian prison the same thing this business and imposing your religious values on the rest of the states supposed to be the governor of all the state not just the golliam okay not just the old tuteless cubans he's supposed to be the governor of everybody in the state and when a people at brown county say overwhelmingly we want vaguest out casinos slots which everybody knew that's exactly what they were talking about and he comes in and tries to subvert the will again I say we call baby I say uh a lynch mob that's what I'm saying good luck lynch his ugly fat ass and his wife and his whole family and of course that daughter with a crack problem got a big black dog crack problem he's got a big ass and she's got a big crack problem speak at that let's get to some of these other things before we get to that whole deal again I didn't think we have to rehashed that I thought the election like Hank said was over already but uh I guess not and that jack asked to call it the end of Hank show well he's a good gambler and that's the baby he's against gambling and how to help any of the ad proponent of the honest lottery which is the worst bet in the world and let me take another thing that I want to start top and can it again a but you know you win the lottery here there are no taxes it's paid in one lump and there's no annuities but in Florida not only you have to pay through the notice if you win the Florida we in taxes but if you win like say ten million dollars you get it over the next seven hundred years they buy you like a twenty or thirty or annuity which a lot of people be dead and buried by the tender get their money and if you want to all in one lump some maybe take a significantly smaller amount than what you were supposedly thinking you were going to win that that's what's called bait and switch it's called or fraud is what it is to wonder worst bet your chances are one in the trillion but that's not gambling that's okay that's kosher and of course keep in mind that this is a bird of that money they didn't use it for what they said they were going to use it I've just mentioned those things in passing fat ass governor you piece of turg you you disgusting not to bastard you man I'm not sure who I hate more him or his brother because you know he's closer to home right the juvster piece of I want to say I want to speak on that what a good segue cordalane Idaho you know the kind of people who they're also cordalane nice people oh yeah tell me home spawn teenagers agreed to admit to three kinds of disturbing the piece after anonymously sending seamen frosted brownies to a fellow student the recipient shared the treat with two other teens police said share the treat now this is when they've succeeded press they must be going to the wrong dentist you know they said the 17 year old cordalane high school student was upset after a prank in which the other student put peanut butter when his cheese sandwich days before he told a school resource officer that he hated peanut butter and made him more mad than he could explain me too I can understand the team later told school resource officer Jeff Walton that he got the idea putting his semen on the brownies from the movie national ampunes van Wilder in which care the same pace we spilled with dog seamen to wait for turn to the house it's those evil liberal comedian that's right just like those video games baby same thing everybody's gone crazy pungser run a nuts industry still near the the student was arrested and booked it with juvenile detention center he sincerely sent a judge's order that he has no contact with the students who ate the brownies those brownie house the youth is to be sentenced April four on the three-month demeanor counts which each are punishable above the 90 days in detention the victims parents were notified that several were tested for anything could have been transmitted through body fluid although panhandle health spokeswoman Susan cuff said the chance of the students helping effective be extremely remote school superintendent Harry amen the decline comment on any school discipline against the team what it what it was that I he shared the treat with two other teams sweet treat yeah and since he showed that floor that not only the people have in in upstate florida and in the panhandle now are the people I've been says but even the animals this is even a we're waiting on passions will be a very nervous one here is about this can't wait till her forehead and baby is born by the way rake city florida and ever been a lake city unsure really man it's almost as good as sophisticated as two egg and okay children pohoki you're love that cherry pie and up pohoki man kitten born with two phases in lake city florida there's nothing worth done a two-faced cat when Teresa Morrison's cat had a litter two day he noticed something was different about larby kittens i thought it had a growth on its face he said got a picture of it here it's really disgusting looks like one of those trucking heads yeah that's what it looks like the kid has two mouths two noses and four eyes you need to be called or head and her in he said he's never seen it never the kid is nursing from its mother which the bed said is a good sign doesn't say from which mouth maybe both maybe it's like you know taken turns she all I see she's feeding off one mouth now sometimes goes to the other which he's not getting an open Morrison said in the mouth either uh that told Morrison he didn't know if the cat has one or two brains just like our management team we're not sure if they have we know they don't have two and we're not sure about the other part didn't know if the cat has one or two brains but having one would give the cat a better chance to survive I still think it over that line from Hank it's a good start that was special he said the kitten lives uh if the kitten lives for the eight hours he's got a good chance of living a full life when's the morning Morrison named the cat doose isn't that great or is that great he named the cat doose well I thought that was that's what Josh told me last week that George was taken I had doing that was disgusting by the way don't ever say that again just taking a doose that was that was worth an astrophysicid about they've been boring and racy burn things I thought it was only one oh twenty seven past ten at five sixty w q a m and I'm gonna tell you what thing about Florida's never been boring because it's always his theory it's always the same turmoil and nothing could ever be done smoothly or when intelligently it's always gotta be embarrassing and hand not slow not fast just half as you are terrible attacks he's kind of a terrible problem you look that mean so quick the theory if I could know if he was an a dog so I acted out my pop shoe rage and with my arms the trees I made no bug speaks English and a m on are you sure I went down the mark yeah I made a bridge where the weather is nice and sunny I walked into a little dust storm but the guarders talked real funerals I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not the end of what does that mean the butter's cooking wish and I'm all that the corner delines hell I think I've been packed a stand speaking with smelly are you gonna go back to the right I came here many years ago I don't say much as gross years I say pretty good so get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now stop making me this but as dangerous why the hell are they in a foreign country right 27 to 11 in 5 6 and 11 you QAM we got more Howard David and two and I thought it was a summer and I thought it was a story because we got kings warm up it's a third night and all tremendous audience to be tuned for that ACC tornado her case in Virginia 7 9 30 Joshua what's his name Darrell be there clearance with a beast in josegaki and wow oh wait a minute is that how can the beast be there I thought he was in this morning we're the Hank he is so so let me josegaki in currents I don't know oh boy don't sound too kosher to me tend to two was any came from uh cheetah and the cheetah and hell and Dale you know we never mentioned that supporting the news radio and just as well over and I two to find out more because we're in verse we also never mentioned the big five to seven in the morning even over in verse about that but at least it's a local show what are all he came down on that uh... stots thing on the election Tuesday remember how we came down on the election in November the first he was for carry and I would not be in the his neighbors decided to insert burning crosses on his lawn and changes mine he go to precarious did he really yes have you know that that's what he says did he talk about it on the year that he voted for carry that's really scary by the way his name is Orlando Alzagiri in uh... any of the carry right uh... just we don't want to give bogged this thing down because we got to get into the whole thing with your obnoxious fat ass governor but just to make sure that you understand things are just fine all we're fine I rack things are going swimming we will gunman shot that a police thief into other people in drive by shooting at the ranky capital today a day after authority said they found dozens of corpses some bullet riddled others be headed at two different sites gunman and two cars open fire on a pickup truck carrying criminal off mid-abise the head of police station sent a bag that killing him is driver and a guard in the northern city of kirkook gunman killed an account working for curds curds sat the television station belongs to the papyotic union of critisidam where the two main critish parties to roll stock a police patrol with the roadside bomb in the southern city of bazaar killing two policeman wounding three in northern kirkook woman identified is now while more him and a work with the u.s. forces was killed and drive by shooting three hundred and a five men were gunned down in central bag that in other was killed when gunman opened fire on a bus in northern mozil two police officers were killed into others were injured in clashes with insurgents the speeding wash and inversion of events Italy's premier said in the tentant intelligence agency was shot to death by u.s. troops in bagbed had informed the proper authorities that he was heading to the airport with a freed hostage Prime Minister Sylvia Borlesconi also told lawmakers that the car carrying agent Nikola Kallapari and just liberated hostage with traveling slowly and sat immediately when a light was flashed at a checkpoint before u.s. troops fired on the car if the terrorist don't catch it the u.s. troops certainly will and also yesterday a suicide bomber in a garbage truckloader with explosives at at least one gunman shot their way into a parking lot and a during attempted dawn to blow up a hotel used by western contractors and bagged that at least four people including the attackers and a guard were killed and last but not least erects interim planning minister mothly al hafid escape death yesterday after gunman open fire on his convoy in the capital two of his body guards were killed and two others were wounded but other than that everything's gone well we're surprised swimming well in our rack we can call the mark let's look at the good things that are happening in a rack even though half the country still doesn't have electricity all of these things don't confuse people with the facts okay let's take a look at today's poll which we haven't even got to yet we got almost 400 votes how do you like that see catch them off guard little bit throw the new poll on or get like it's our head start program get the new one on the early in a morning give them a little something to do keep them out of trouble off the streets three and eighty one votes pretty impressed with that the biggest problem with date county is and we got there let's see three six eight choices on here it's a banana republic hundred twenty eight I mean is there any doubt about that now nobody speaks English that's why I played that again and we could play that every day and it wouldn't be too much you know no I'm just gonna make it a wrong guy nobody speaking English I know I don't speak English you know well well what do you got to do with the old-in-date county I don't even you got out yeah I got out years ago you got out I don't think Josh ever lived there nah wasn't because of all the spring which is pretty damn far from day last time I checked even fact rich just before his death there he was trying to get out I think that may have had something to do with it you know I think was probably a date county conspiracy they probably poisoned his uh... crude idea it's a banana republic 120 eight and day nobody speaking English 88 too many old right wing two but seventy four you see a connection between those first three there is a little overlapped a little bit that's okay the traffic forty that was George's forty forty are pissed off about the day traffic although traffic in Broward is not exactly what you call a picnic but nevertheless it's uh... heads and shoulders is it really oh yeah I'm by somebody else I'm going to get my saint i was a body wash don't forget the facecraft the politicians 22 never met a politician now we liked in day county all a bunch of crux thieves if these cramps garbage collectors and they should be just awful the name of change the faces change you know if either link in the as ballard or this the as ballard or alien or was on a dana this or you know it's the same same crowd always pandering always dividing always appealing to uh... you know just don't need to mentality policies in twenty three the non-hispanish don't vote 16 that's the worst problem with date nothing they got a good point should have a bigger number than that you can't see a much bigger number but they don't want to admit it the money here old seven five way speaking of the herald if I can just interject your momentarily member of the next cast your i read many of his very fine articles on his show yes and ask cast your court didn't tow the company line the era companies the hysterical old tutelist uh... democratic crowd mentality as a result the herald no longer carries for the last many many months now the max cast your column right so that's probably what Carl highson five of the son to do to the line you know one toke over the line at the herald anyway uh... my name is seven and nothing nothing wrong with the it's great only seven three hundred ninety two votes exactly what i call a citadelic endorsement for life and date county so that's our poor right now mass cast her will hear what some really great stuff which you don't want to put that in herald because we're too busy pandering and like i said the other day they can panter all they want to fact is that they know spikiting based crowd doesn't read the herald or ill-herald they read the diary the al diario and they love America's i said it right yes okay i'm telling you right now all right very very few of these people read the al herald because if it's in the herald they don't want of the even their us to the not to realize that the herald is full of crap and uh... just pandering but people don't like being pandered to i know that you're in a gratuitous way they they like being pandered to if it's done in a subtle way and they're too stupid the realize it's happening but if it's in a very overt uh... gratuitous way they re-send it like you're not kidding me you're not one of us you know get lost see what i'm saying um... alerson my amy says now before you go off on me all says go of on me this is something i heard about your take on it if i read this the way you wrote it alice you would both son break me ill ill ill ill ill ill ill i heard a lot of people to get to slots bill our room for when casinos come down to my me uh... right supposedly casinos on our days agenda if we have slots in the three per minute will once casinos around the ticket these facilities will fight and vote again it in addition to the existing opposition i know you more than anyone else uh... no more you're so please don't you i know more than anybody i know one thing this is uh... idiotic alice get where the hit a life to decide to fix it a lot of people will against it to leave room for the casinos are their casinos coming to the county or no last time i checked uh... uh... we should put alice on the poll two i think you're part of the problem sweet heart right it is And they grow to every one's youth. But we shall let no one on our youth see all the prayers are seen. That are several of you. The earth shall be known there on youth. It shall shine in the empty heat. With the evil home run, and the darkness sun, Aish proof that they cross. But we tested today, we were in for today, never saw our leadership. For the sins they cross. They deserve that any Friday. Let them. For this, 1047-560WC of his attached to a very high rate and irritated Kubano, not our rate with me, but our rate with what's happening in big county. He's getting a hell out. Nice goal on a megal. After 30 years. Not third man. 9-1, some finally leaving permanently to a blue state, where there are living and breathing people, who like to have fun and mind their own business. This past election day was the final nail in the coffin. I'll be glad to be away from many things, but what I'll be most happy about is that I'm all all you have to deal with. Homophobic misogynistic hypocritical, one-dimensional so-called AIDS out community, who have turned his place at the miserable open sewer that it is at all levels. And I'm Cuban. Dave County can each mid and die, as Robby said, Good luck to you. Remember Robby Young? The people are here. The damn dead, that not only you have to be brought up by that man, it's taxing. But if I wanted to buy him time on your station, I couldn't. I don't have real people at 7 for you. You don't have it on your regular number. I was asked to be a guest. I'm one of your talk shows, or I think it's your A and the W-I-O-D. They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is. I won't on your station in 1964. I was sort of proud of that guy, my M-E. That's five times. And I can prove to people who buy time. If you people can get it together to be a better way to your station. And if you were to come all around station or an E-D-S station, I'd suggest you take your damn frequency, which my grandmother's friend Shethy did put on here in 1920. The if-can-the-damn thing often get out of the business. I'll be brought up to your senior's talk. My name is Robby Young. And the telephone number is a motel in Miami. From 13, you keep all of them to be our same. Shouldn't even be running that facility. I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 19. I ran to damn thing. I'm running around. You have no credit for the radio. Now, damn it all of a sudden. Before I get on the phone to fix it, you get on the phone to me. You get the sense of that. I'm not going to that far. It's the cell phone. But it will be because you're still in any house. What to you? More dual, Mr. Ryan. We're not even on I would be. We're still doing. That was Robby Young. By the way, number 13 and a hotel. Motel whatever it is. Yeah, I'm lucky, number one, no one. I'm dying on the hands. He's dead. Robby Young is dead. That's right. He stayed in room number 13. Don't ever do that again. Unless it's a mad Sunday or damn marino. Stay away from 13. That's where a lot of hotels don't even have a 13 floor. Because there are a lot of idiotic superstitions people out there. Bush rolled beats slots in date. Oh, hallelujah says the right wing fat ass governor. Hallelujah. All you people do step along. Go step to the cliff and jump when I told it. And like I said, it would be a good start. It's a good start. That was a special moment in my life. Anyway, as Tuesday's election approached the coalition of gambling interest that was put. This isn't a hero, of course. We see the way it's written. Yeah. That was pushing a public initiative to law's climate change in South Florida, race tracks in Highlight front times. Newwood had a problem in date County. Pulling among Republicans. It's looked from 52% in favor of slots. Just 30. But 30 minutes. And that would be a day again among Republicans. The reason governor Jam Bush, the Republican governor who's a specialy popular on my among Miami-Dades Cuban communities, blitzed his own turf late last week in label the slots and issued about bad bet. The industry attempted a blunt to Bush effect by boasting turnout in black communities. If a major tactic among South Florida's checker board of ethnic voters, former US representative Kerry Meek made automated phone calls on Monday and Tuesday and appeared on black oriented radio, but on a gray rainy day on which turned out early top 14% in day they just didn't work. We had people arriving at the polls and liberty sitting over town. Telling us they were voting because Kerry Meek told him to set Ron Book, T-Flobius for the industry group, but we didn't have enough of them. How many did they have? About 30 minutes. In largely democratic, Howard County, where the slots and issued a one 57% of the vote amid an 18% turnout, Bush had far less effect. And that's because we don't have that right wing element. The old tutelists crowd in Howard County. Thank God. Thank God. In fact, most of us in Howard County are refugees from date who escaped to ran and held out. Like me and George and whole bunch of people were could mention, but we won't do it. Let's mention all the names. I know we'll take this right until 315. Alright tomorrow. FreeSync level returns without available yesterday, but it was clear that the first odds campaign landed lots of votes in the condos, as well as among early voters in absentees. Indeed, County returned to show a solid, no, a solid, no vote, and they predominantly Hispanic freeSyncs in the county's central or Western areas outpold the Eric's vote in predominantly white and black freeSyncs to the county's north end. So in other words, the no votes were coming from the Ascend. FreeSyncs in Little Havana, Coral Gables and Kendall, have the Governor's finger prints all over them books said, while the personalized forces scored best in areas such as northeast aid, Liberty City and overtime. The Cuban community followed the Governor in the enormous fashion book set, or what a surprise what a shock. It was a big come down for an industry effort that raised $6.48 million in campaign funds over the few months, time and paid millions to help to create the cost reduction in both counties. A week ago, books said industry foreshore the campaign nine points up and date. Early voting, now I tell you this. Early voting had gone strongly in favor of the slots in date, according to a Harold analization, total absentee and early voting in date, county was 57% for and 42% against an ambushed as the turnaround came after he and his allies made their last minute back. Bush met Wednesday with mommy builder Sergio Pino, who sank a hundred grand in the anti-slats effort and brought up time on Spanish radio to campaign against the measure. I'm really proud of my community for say they don't want this as part of a future of their community, Bush said. Now two years from now they might get another chance at it, in which case is a private citizen. I'll be with my brother Pino, be funding the plan again. We'll be finding again because it's evil. It's disgusting. Crack is good. Crack is really good. Swimming, Crack out of the country. True customers, that's really good. Right. And when your kids run around screwing their girlfriends in the cars in a park lot and draw daylight and tell them, that's great. But gambling is a moral and he's been a good Christian and he is opposed to it. And therefore we must go step along in a line. Because the governor, the fascist governor, he's against the therefore we almost at. You are doomed, all right? To quote, Robuyer, throw calculate a South Florida, you're doomed in the Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. No chance. So even on the question, Howard with the Chance Crown fbang. We give to the national. Let's give to the national, we give to the national, we give to the nationalus. story here is enough to make you cop out in your pants. This is the work. This is the worst piece of turd I have ever. You've turped right in my life. This is it's almost unfeelable really empowered by his victory keeping Slaughts out of date. Governor Fan asked Jeff Bush put the permutual industry on notice Wednesday that it shouldn't hold out hope for any Las Vegas style machines. Instead, Bush suggested that if he gets his way, the four-brower permutual sites would end up with the same kind of video slot machines, the same kind of craft that now being used at the Indian Casinos. Airzots. Legislators have until July 1st to write the rules for regulating how slot machines will operate in Broward, which voted heavily in favor of Slaughts 2D and set the rate for taxing their profits. The permutuals loss in Vade has prompted some legislative leave to suggest that it would be obliged to impose tighter restrictions than the industry once. What I said, it had a pass overwhelming in order to get them to do what they ought to do, and of course in Vade did it even pass it all. I think that there would be an increase moment of restructuring regulation of the sinister due to the fact that it had lukewarm a section in Southeast Florida, said Senate President Tom Lee, a brand in Republican, as if he's got anything to do with Broward County. Peace at TURN. Las Vegas style slots can have bigger payouts and believe to attract more players. The permutual industry warned that if legislators have found slot machines away the governor's suggesting, it would gut the intent of the constitutional nematheanistry spent two years and more than twenty-two million dollars to get passed in November. That's not what the public demands. It's not what the public has voted on said Ron Book. The public voted on slot machines. Which are Las Vegas slot machines. Not thing though, not poker, not old made, not gin-rummy, dummy, go fish. Go fish. Yeah, go a wander fish called Wanda. The governor repeated his mantra Wednesday that gambling should be illegal in our state and said that they restricted them. Listen to that gambling should be illegal in our state. That's what your plan I said. So close down to lottery, close down all the tracks right now because your fascist governor, your dictator, he's not even the governor, he's a dictator. He tells you that gambling should be illegal in our state and a less-acorcent search bingo. See, we're going to go Catholic. He don't want to restrict church bingo. And that a restricted evidence in slot machines might enable him to side step negotiations with the states in the entourage and potentially kill the expansive gambling at their casinos. This is a man who is constantly, that's especially tap dancing around the law. Tap dancing about what the public votes on and wants. Whether it's the class size amendment, whether it's real slot machines, whatever the people want, this freaking Fed ass, he's going to find a way to get around it. And you people down there, you green-toot old codes, man, you are in the disgrace. All you do is put day counting on right at the forefront of disgrace, embarrassment, and humiliation, and degradation. Whether it's lost van van, you remember that whole episode? Whether it's alienito, no matter what the hell it is, it's always the same old-tired crap. It's the alienarossa Rosanna Danacrow and the uh, uh, link in the s-bulard crap. Same old-tired crap. Never gonna end. Never gonna end. Seems like there's an endless supply of these people for crying out loud. How is it possible? Look, these people ever die? The festival. Currently, the Micah Sucky and Sennel traps in Florida have what I noticed past two machines or a video lot of returnables, a joke. They look and feel like many slot machines, but they use a video display rather than individual readles, the big difference. A player at a class two machines actually competing against other players in the paths to determine by how much money all players are put in. In Las Vegas, there are slots in order to display a three of the players playing against the house, which can set higher payouts at whatever level these establishment wants. Of course believes that if the perimutuals get traditional slot machines, the Indians will be entitled, then other forms of class three gambling, such as black check, or Latin crap, so we gotta story on that too. They're pushing for it. They're pushing real hard. The engines, which I hope they don't get it because after what they didn't know members, school the Indians is what I say and all their cigarettes with the worms in them too. A bunch of foamy below me. Oh, they can't add that. It's gonna destroy Torres, I'm gonna destroy our way of life out there. Hard rock is good and the affirmage was there bad. Right. Man, oh man, the sunshine state my ass. What a what a tropical depression man. I am so I kissed the ground. I kissed the desk, the counter, everything. I could be encodeling Idaho and still feel like the same way. Let me be not quite as happy. I'm not to be in South Florida, not to be in Iowa. What? Cortalaine's great. Well, you've been there. I have not. I've been doing like pond array. Beautiful areas. Yeah. I'm so used to be bait ahead, right? Luce slots. 484 y'all. I have nothing. I can't we're talking about. So we have a lot of it. Four of four votes. Look at that and we're not in red to 11 o'clock and we almost got 500 votes on there already. How do you like that? Because we put got an early start man. We got the early bird voting. Four of us into Neil Rodgers. This is the Neil Rodgers show. This is your boy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Any questions? And I hope I'm married to the change of day by day and I'm at the most famous lefty in South Island, Roosevelt. All right, Allen, Jason, I know it was simple he didn't recognize it. And I'm here to tell you about diesel power. And I'll turn it over then if you saw it's the healthy three-star deep tooth and seed on the early soil. So trying to combine people all my prices low. And if this is a new source of energy that could be, that was the final second use of the people at the police. So then the same venue in the soil we have around that. Maybe I'll pay my lawyer to get to a five-person off the lead while I'll come into it again. And New York, for the word that's there is in the first effort listen all my leave in the day to some flying west and we'll find it. Don't make the final system better. I think I'm not. I'm too training and I'm sure we're in the directive to whoever it is that to discuss and criticize my shot. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm tired of it. I'm about to apply to 60 WQM happy Thursday to hear a 501-hole sound opponent first dollar. That's pretty impressive even though we wouldn't admit that right? Impressive. That of course it would our heads start. Our early bird voting. The biggest problem with Dave County is it's a binary public 173. Nobody's speaking in LA 116. Too many old white wing Cubans 92. No question about that. Oh, good evening. The traffic 53 is seen to be dropped off from that first three to the next one. The public resistance 27. The non-espanish don't vote 23 which of course that ought to be like our right near the top or even at the top. Nothing. David is great. Nine. Nine people say nothing's wrong with Dave County. No problem. It's great. And the mommy here holds only got eight. Rimes would great. That's because probably most of those people don't read that fish wrapper. And try frankly with choice. Oh, look at that first ever marijuana regulation bill introduced in a historic first Vermont state representative Winston Dowland of Derby line Vermont has introduced the bill to and bear water prohibition in his state and replace it with a system of regulation. You know, since Ben and Jerry's came out for modern video like and isn't that the home of Howard Dean last time I checked? Is it a system of regulation age 390? Coast positive representative David Dean. Other than credit from Westminster. Is the first such bill ever introduced by state legislators? This is the beginning of a much needed debate not just in Vermont but throughout the nation said Neil Levine, director of the state policies for the Merge of Winy Policy Project in Washington, D.C. We applaud representative Dellon for having the ball to say something that most politicians have been afraid to acknowledge. Merge of water prohibition is just as complete a failure as prohibition of booze was in the 1920. Amen. But that ain't going to happen in America now, this climate that we live in right now. And this we press a boost of in climate in which you live. Zyne America is the same Poland. Deputy Q.A.N. Hello. Good morning Neil. Did you? Good afternoon. Deputy Q.A.N. Hello. Deputy Q.A.N. Hello. You and me? You and me? I got a certain authority. I'm sorry. That can't a mail or a fee mail if you had it. Deputy Q.A.N. Hello. 567.0560. This is a great star. Let's see how many was that that was like over four, not too good. Not too good. Even Salmonio and Little League, bad at better than that. Deputy Q.A.N. Hello. It's a nail. Yes sir. Hey buddy, if I may make a couple of comments on Governor swing way. Yeah Governor of Pan-Ansia. Yeah. Some of them regarding the yeah, the uh, uh, phlo machines and some of them just regarding education regarding education. This guy changed the vote. Every time somebody votes for something, the reason number one here is the new proposal is to offer teachers. A $2,000 bonus a year. If they decide to turn their back on the classroom size amendment. So instead of dealing with the issue in hand, what that's called is blackmail. Exactly. Instead of dealing with the issue in hand, which the people voted for enthusiastically, did that idea to straighten it up as to offer a $2,000 bonus of teachers to take on an additional eight to 12 students per classroom. Sure. What do you want to talk about that? That's 40 bucks a week. Did I guy? Is a piece of garbage. Just imagine all a lot of what a lot of retickets you can buy for 40 bucks a week. A piece of garbage. Amen. And let me also say, well how this man got reelected is, is stupid as the electorate is in Florida. How this man got reelected is got to be one of the most incredible mysteries of all time. One of the things that also did not come out by the way is the way that he tried at the last moment to sway voters in Broward was to say that his Broward pass is the slot machine amendment that he was going to take the share of fair share of that money and direct it toward vouchers for private school. Well that's great. So this guy has got his own and doesn't know that I'm going to hold on. That's all he's done. That's what a dictator does. He does make that up as he goes along. He can't run his own family. How in the hell can anybody trust this jack off to run the state? But I guess he's gotten some good stuff for no well, though. He's garbage. Have a great day, Paul. Maybe that garbage truck that picked up James Woods and once upon a time in America could pick up our fat ice governor. All the way to know if he could squeeze his ice in there, you know? We could be going to, not a stuff like that. That garbage truck. How many QA and hello? Good morning. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Question. I'm really confused about this quote. The way it will vote when. Normally in a in a general election all votes are counted. I'm confusing myself. The counted equally. Not counted by county. Now why would this vote? Accounting. Because that's what the major was that was on a ballot in November. Just to allow Dave and Broward to have a permutual. Broward? Why would Dave and Broward vote counted equally instead of, you know, Dave vote speaking, you know, counted here because the permit. No, no, no, no, no, because each county had its own election. Even though they were on the same day, they could have had them on different days. But I mean, they just had it on the same day to simplify. But they were two separate elections. One in Dave and one in Rome. Right. Well, the fact that the permit will span both counties. Doesn't that count for something? Right now, but regardless of that, the permitials that are in Dave County, they had to abide by the result of the day election unfortunately, the ones in Broward that was their deal. Two separate deals. So how would we screw that up too? Right. Well, what do you mean? I don't know how you could lump them both in there together. The idea was to have county that let the voters in each county have control over their own choice, which is what people supposedly wanted for years. Okay. Gotcha. That's what we pass in November. All right. Thanks. Thanks. That's what they passed overwhelmingly in November in South Florida, by the way. But they never let us. Here's Bob and Ford Lundery, oh, fact, and says, it seems to me that you have a DIA. Doesn't understand about the will of the people. All come on. Bob, come on. Will of the people, my ass. Forget about it. You're talking about a dictator. Look at his brother. Look at the whole family. And these are a bunch of crux. These are a bunch of Nazis. Grand Paul was doing business with an Nazis. They never met an Nazi. They didn't like. These are people doing business with bandar Bush with a whole Saudi world family. Who are you, kid, man? And by the way, thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President. Oh, yeah. Thank you for raping the American public. And doing away with those bankruptcy laws. And thanks for the new budget that screws the middle and lower class. And more tax cuts for the rich. Thank you so much for the great way you're treating the veterans too. And all those thousands of soldiers that you said an over to be slaughtered who come home and take it to a benefits. Thank you so much, Mr. President, a dictator. PS. Let him take his work with a cat test and shove it where the son-in-law is trying to also. That's okay. Let me have to do it. That's okay, do you think? That's it. Yeah, I think we got a two-headed bush. I think it's the same monster. And keep in mind, by the way, that your governor, Jeff Bush, even though the media doesn't want to tell you about it, he's a very prominent member of P.N.A.C. project for New American Century. A real Nazi organization, if there ever was one, who are we drawing the map of the world in deciding, you know what this is like? This is like the non-group at the hero. They sit around and have those meetings behind closed doors, those supposedly secret meetings. And they decide, what's good for you? What's good for me? And what's good for South Florida? And then they go, you know, go about their way of trying to like a brainwashed public and proper you guys to get their way. Whoever elected anybody at the fricking Miami-Herald to decide what's good for South Florida, huh? You lose your is you, you quizlings, you fairy, Elvis Chapman. I lied to you, I just love that. I'm fed here so much. He's a thief. He's funny, so I'm head to the alien. He's helping. You know, he's a who is ranting in a radio. He's a fairy. You're very, he's just so beautiful. The cop on the talk, sir. He leems up for the talk. Are you talking to me? If I can't know something, the way that they're all talking to a Kevin Spacing is the way I would love to come back and talk to Greg Reed. If he ever comes back from his endless vacation. I would just like to stand there and just spew all of that. I would love it. Put it on. It would give me sexual assignment to do it. You're very. I'm going to give you a. Hello. I need a drop. Yeah, good. W to you. Hello. Q. Yes, sir. Hi. You know. Yes. Great. You're going to know what you think about something. The Senate killed the minimum wage thing. I'm sure you know that. Yes. And it's my second. And then in the same fell swoop. Besides the minimum wage, now you can't go back up either. Right. And you can't get any more minimum wage. But it's the same. You better go step in alignment. So you're starting to ask some real nasty questions. I'm talking to the government. I'm not going to draw it out of the AM. And then they give themselves raises. Right. And keep the drug companies from getting to. Right. So why don't we go? I mean, the amount of companies isn't nice that the FDA suddenly had a change of heart after they were a big than pleaded with by Merkin E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E. E E. E. E. O. E. E E. E. E. E. E. E That's why I am now man. Hey, Bob. What are we talking about? We're gonna have everyone actors. I'll get a hang up before they come. We're coming to you when you hear the knock on the door man. I've had it on the bed. Watch out for that. Who had it in the can and there? Maybe it'll get his heads together. Thank you very much. Lotha, you are going to be one terrific, super tremendous up-planetost. Thank you, Donald. I can't wait to say your fire. Easy lady. Those two words are trademarked. But I've taken the liberty of writing down some alternate catchphrases for you. Here. Read the first one. No, all right. This is a tough one. You've just been sold for a pack of cigarettes. I don't like that one, Donald. Too bad. That's one of my favorites. Read the next one. Okay. You're going up to the sweet and you're going down to solitary confinement. I'm not sure. I thought it was pure gold. Next one. I have inside information. You're out of here. Beautiful. Next. I wouldn't hire you to work at Kmart. Nice product placement. It's shower time and you just dropped yourself. Every once a winner. Donald, I'm not saying any of these. You drive a hard bargain, Marba. Tell you what. I'll have Carol and a George and Bill and Kelly come up with some new ones. That would be me. I'm good, too. No, no, anything but that's super catchphrase. One more time. You're fired. 11. 19. Boy, does he get out of my nerves or what? In fact, even more so than hurt because she's like, you know, like non-existent in my world. Okay. But he just really aggravates the living crap on me. Can I say that? No. Triumph's to push for full range of casino gambling. Two days voter proving. Stomachines give it the scenario. We had a call on this year that day and I wanted to get confused all the issue because he went through this whole convoluted thing about it. My, the course will have to decide this. But nevertheless, two days vote. Give it the seminal and make the suki traps. Unlocking competition. But it also gives them leverage and their first to bring back nuts just slot machines. But crafts, blackjack, another biggest dog gambling with their Florida casinos. Federal regulators said yesterday the state must now negotiate in good faith with the tribes on a gaming agreement called a compact that would allow our expanded gambling exchange for a chunk of the profits. If Florida doesn't negotiate fairly, the secretary of the interior could ultimately give approval for it anyway, said Sean Pena Sonu, spokesman for the National Indian gaming system. Such a move is unprecedented in the states since it's usually reaching agreements. But of course that's not Florida. It's still early, but the NIG see things that this is greatly strengthened the tribes position that the state must negotiate a compact. Pensano said, if the class of gaming is available in the state, then the tribes would be able to offer that class of gaming, the tribes in federal government must wait to see how the state legislates your crafts the new law. The federal government defines class three games as having odds that remain constant, including crafts, blackjack, roulette and traditional slot machines. That's one of the open items Governor Jamborsha yesterday. There's nothing in the nation that said we have to have class three slots. So that's another reason he doesn't want to have the class three in because then it opens up the other stuff too. And you know what they say gambling is evil. The evil door is gamble. That's what the Bible says somewhere. We haven't found it yet, but it says it's evil. Unless of course it's church bingo. Right. Look at that film man, or these people you see, this is what really I don't know why I'm surprised. They can do anything to you people no matter what it is that you do. You just said, you know, I'm a one of six here gets all whipped up into a frenzy and I'm not even there. What's all the way of a crap? What do I give a crafts? Who the hell cares? Yeah, but you're forgetting the father and their friends sit on your ass and then don't complain about it to me anymore. If they might have a plain old maid instead of a real slot machine, don't play. Don't complain to me. Especially you losers in the county all set on your ass on Tuesday. Oh it's raining a little bit and we really don't care and we're not going to go. And then, too bad, your mama. W't you weigh in? Hello. Yeah, I'm fired up about this gambling thing. I just got a lot of bad ass governor here. Yeah. You know, it's a, it's a family place. I brought my kids on a beach place of family atmosphere. And you know what happened? I got harassed by drugs. Yeah. Okay. So we went to the Seminal Hard Rock state there. The one clock at a great time. And about 300 bucks. And where's the call of the crime there? It's unbelievable. The real thing. Okay. Okay. He's things all machines. He can bend over and then. Okay. He's exactly. That's what he's talking about. The Fed asked governor. Well, it's a big target anyway. There is just this neurotic, this sick, this twisted obsession with him in that state. I have no idea what it's all about. Why he's popular? I just don't get it. What is it that he's done? Well, he had the abuse. Yeah. And then it's exactly right. And it's quite about he went. He doesn't just win. He wins in a landslide. I have a feeling that they were a scared crap. So Janet Reno. I could be wrong. I think I think that would have once I got done and bright in there. Just like the Carl Roe crowd, but once I got John Kerryn Ernst and got Howard Dean out of the real quick. I would have heard that it would have had a chance. What do you mean by that? Not that you know. I'm a lot of old sin acumen community. Yeah, right. From all those, really any toes, right. William East is. How many QAM hello? Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sitting here in Dave pissed off as usual. Yeah. That's what it does to you. Yeah. I think I'm going to brow her in the next step of Canada. And George, you're a second. How many Q1 of your people? QAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is why I go to one for you. The mayor of Hollywood. I think it's Mayor Galantie. Yeah. She was talking against Casinos because it would bring calm and bring more money to public services. Then she turned around and when they opened up the Indian hard rock casino, she was all all and she was there cutting ribbons and doing all these wonderful. Yeah. I wonder how many sense of cash she's got hiding under a table somewhere. That's good. No different in downtown Hollywood that's getting built up. And one of the builders and developers Patton could be her son-in-law. Uh-huh. Have a great day. Life is a beach baby. Five, six, seven. I mean, it just jiffsy's transcendence. He's those people running south Florida running it into the ground. Oh, we made it what it is today. Any group of people I would say that. Well, I'd run for the hills after saying that. Anybody wants to take credit for making some of the out-door toilet that it is today. I mean, once upon a time, it was an out-door funeral home. But at least, you know, you know, you know what to expect. It was a lot more plastic than what it is now. Now, it's just rampant chaos where every group is chasing the other group, you know, farther and farther and farther and farther and farther. Pretty soon, most of the people I used to live in, they kind of going to be living like in Fort Pierce, Buffalo, I'd say. No, not a good choice. WKOM, hello. How about fun bag? How about wife? Fun bag. Great. Oh, fun bag? Maybe a squeeze in it right now. Satellite. What do you mean crank? How about fun bag? All right. WKOM, hello. Yeah, speak to me. Speaking. Yeah, I do it. Pretty good. All right. The Cuban people are... You should give a lot of credit for that because they've taken you material throughout the years. Yeah. And that's a good excuse for what they're doing today, county, right? That's a real good rationalization. And all for those are pivoting. We're going to get an answer. We have a good rationalization for always goosepepping to the right wing crap, okay? And to make it embarrassing and humiliating the county in which you live. You see, if you want to take it personalized as an ethic thing, then go right ahead, because that's generally the way people react anyway. Oh, what do you pick it on the Cubans for? You know exactly what segment I'm picking on. And always having always will. Those people need to be removed, man. They need to be... We need a people transplant. Those people need to be sent to South Dakota. North. Or in North. Who the hell cares? They're going to be standing on the ground. You're not. North to pick them. But they're away so that they can't hot to all the people there. Oh, if he did, nobody up there is going to give a crap about Fidel, okay? And if you're a great leader, Bush, if he was a real man, instead of going over there and making up all these stories about invading Sodom and all this other crap. Instead of that kind of garbage, he'd be right down there. We'd already have a Fidel out there. We'd have him with his head in a new set. And by the way, speaking of Sodom, a former U.S. Marine of participated in capturing Oster Iraqi President Sodom was sent. Said the public version of his capture was fabricated. Ex Sergeant Nadim Abu Rabbei of Lebanese descent was quoted in the Saudi-Daily El Medina Wednesday, yesterday, and saying that Sodom was actually captured. Friday, December 12th, 2003, and not today after his announced by the U.S. Army. I was among the 20 man unit, including eight of her of the sent who served for Sodom for three days in the area of Daur near to Crete. We found him in a modest home in a small village, and not in a hole as announced. We captured him after first resistance during which a marine and student in these origin was killed. He said, he said, Sodom himself, I did time with a gun from the window of a room on a second floor, then they shouted at him in Arabic. You have to surrender, there's no point in resisting. Later on, a military production team fabricated the firm of the film of Sodom's capture in a hole, which was in fact a deserted will. I think the government would lie to you. It's just like that stage carrying out of the statue there in Iraq. That's seen in with all said up in the radio do a film before it. I mean, Jesus, why do you people going to wake up and sniff the dampedails and saffole even the lies? That's their specialty to Azure man, the lie of the day, the big LIE, which interesting enough that was the Nazi specialty too. Yeah. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, IRS tax problems have way of ruining all the aspects of your life. They take control on you financially, physically and emotionally, just like our sales department. You can never really forget about the IRS problems that come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. Well, CPA-GME buck walled and the buck wall tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind, which is why other top CPA and law firms are further clients too. The buck wall tax firm will have problems with the IRS. Line out of wood potential criminal prosecution. Get all on file tax return prepared even if you lost all your records. Now maybe this may be you have the IRS lean. Oweads, levy, Opeyroll taxes and penalties. Lot of settle for thousands less than the O need time to pay whatever the deal. The buck wall tax firm can help you out. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately release of IRS replacement of not sooner and best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS either. Because the buck wall tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions, you don't have to go. Call them today with the O10 grand, 100 grand, a million 18 in between IRS taxes. These are the people that can help you out the buck wall tax firm. Call 9-5-4-575-2800 today for a free no obligation consultation or visit a mine web at irsfreedom.com. That's 954-575-2800. Your listen to these old meal rotors as exclusively on five six. You aint. Leave the gun. Take the canoly. If you're a fan of the POPEL PAKET Protector, you'll love ROMPOPEL's newest invention that's so good. It's not available in stars. Presenting the ROMPOPEL's nerdy spring break hit. Oh well, I had an antipsuppated a teddy-dose back in alien activities. Well now you can. Because the ROMPOPEL nerdy spring break hit helps complete with everything you see here. Sublock with a SPF-8987. Flabber, new to short. A star-druck boy entertains you. And black knee high socks. How much would you pay for something like that? Wow, that depends entirely upon fluctuating global rates. Get it. But don't answer yes because if you order now, you'll also receive a giant beach homebubble and a book on quantum physics to re-bow. I'll check in for keys. He's walk right past you. Look at that. You're all right. Oh, please the nature of the quake. And as it were. You're talking me. So don't delay. Pick up your mom's phone and order the ROMPOPEL nerdy spring break hit. Wow, so fly glass. Sublime said no chance of running out any time soon. Just said it and forget about it. 27-0, if five sixty-0, if you're going to forget about it. Wow, our David the two in demand voted for. And then we got that basketball grant at the six thirty. Look at that full amount of these people who whipped up into a frenzy or one. Like I said, I throw in the towel. I surrender. Wave the white flag the same one I wave to ourselves. The apartment yesterday. Just to do whatever anyone just cashed to check like we're crazy. Although I sure hope it shows up. It's kind of hard to cash your money. It doesn't share a lot. But aside from that, because this this crowd man is just as indifferent and passive and you know, there's just no passion. I'll say it again. Why is it going to change? It's not. Ever. We could come back 7,000 years from now. It's going to be the same as Swill. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a variety and singular wireless lines. And this is why they run over you man. Like they're like they're driving a tank. Look how Mac truck. Just roll and run over your limp useless bodies. In fact, take a look at the police. You didn't want to take the blame themselves. You're always somebody else's fault. 631 votes. The biggest problem with date count is it's a binary public 215. Nobody's speaking English 148. Too many old right wing Cubans 2121. The traffic 61 of public systems 25. The non-Hispanics don't vote only 27. Yes. There are many. Memory is bad. But on Tuesday it seems to me that's only two days ago. Or a day and a half ago when he came right down to it. Nothing. They just grade 14.2 percent. Right. And the money hurt only 10. They love the hero. It's a masterful piece of swivel. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. When Joseph Elb Bush was running against Mac Bride, the police showed them at almost a dead heat. And then mysteriously after the election Bush wins while this landslide. So you're not suggesting another fixed election in Florida. Are you sure just like the one in date on Tuesday night? Well, what's funny is that we've preached to all these other countries from my high before it's about democracy. And we have to have observers watching them. And we don't even have that going on over here. So we had an international observers watching the 2004 presidential election. And this last election. We had international observers. That's how trustworthy we are now. And they still didn't get it right. They still didn't catch the dibald of fictional aisle. Well, you can't see what's going on inside those wires. You know, the other thing is that carry just played role over and play dead for George Bush. I mean, they were both members of this secret society over there at Yale. And instead of challenging anything. I think I did a we're doing a secret handshake behind a scenes of yes me. Well, I think there was a lot of Tom scratching going on there. More than there's scratching more than their palm. That's what I'm saying. Anyway, you know what? I'm moving out of Florida here in about 10 years. Yeah. And I also have 29 years at the job. So I want to wish you a happy anniversary. I know exactly how it's field 29 years. What each up. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good luck here. You're good move. Here's your guys getting out. The good people. Somebody even getting out, man. When did that to get to hell out? I mean, just you just, you're like the sunshine and the palm trees and the the musketas and things like that. But they're just so much man. It is so much just overwhelming. It just to just beat you down every single day. Like being beaten over the head with a sledgehammer every single day. Like trying to climb straight uphill, you know? W 2 a.m. Hello. Hey, oh, I'm sure. Pretty good. All right. You know, I want to give on that point about the people. You say if they have pushed those just jump off of three of those after you. I think they're okay. So that's what it started. It's ridiculous because it's, it's, it's, it's all the same people have been three for 40 years. So they're same thing up off the down for Dale and then. But what I think I haven't been into the politics for a long time, but it's started going against the damage. The further Republicans have to do this. Any other thing is that they've been voting Republicans since today that they got their tool went on to put it on the shore. It's because anybody to the left of Hitler is communist to don't forget these people there were never was any democracy in Cuba. These people have done to a right wing dictator, ship under a fascist for Hensio Batista who is a totally correct. See, there probably be a note that the people, it's just like with bush. The halves were doing great under Batista. The people that have the money had the skills and the education. They were doing great. So they loved the fascism. They never touched it. They're like, they're nothing about democracy and about freedom. And this, and this, this version, they keep voting against their interests and they're like sheep, you know, because if they haven't r after the name, whatever they do is good for them. It's just like these bushups and these evangelical people that have these proud sheep, you know, and they'll do a lot of people like sheep, you know what I'm saying? One other point I've had a bit too when you come right that way. One other quick point, I think it's this guy who's still hit a critical is just push because I saw, remember when the I lean war knows this guy was just jumping at the 50s, who's a regular and he turned around at the camera and has a face to say, throw right. Yeah. And as soon as he gets hit. He's only pro-life for Terry Shival and the feeders huggers that he gets to any pro-life. We should do the link. We have to take the two body Terry's nose and stick it up his nose. That's what we ought to do. He's target like I said. Have a great day in my life, sir. I asked a cameo feeders. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We're going to start broadcasting in this funny old tomorrow. No big an English year man. No ablingly so key. We know where it's going. We see the handwriting on the wall and it in English. I'll take it that. 4 in country in my ass. I got that on the hand. Yeah. And then in the Republic of Miami, they did. That's it. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I'm calling. I was wondering would you guys send up someone's the end of Avenue. We're setting up something on Andrew's Avenue. What does that mean? Four waterdale. We're setting up what? Setting up one. Yeah. It's a third. Same. Oh, yeah. QAM, we're setting something up. It's going to be our Howard Studios on Andrew's Avenue. Yeah. Right where we know is used to be. Maybe the van. Right. Right. That was a good place to have the good joint. Reno's. Do you ever eat there? I can't recall. Oakland Park Boulevard and Rose Amidwell. I'm sure it's under a different ownership. We've discussed it before. Good hot dogs and burgers and stuff. Get it. What? No, not Jan Arino's not that good. I've been here for years. Hi, Neil. You know, I find the British Park received just amazing. Not surprising, but amazing. Here's Jim. Complain you about having to work in seven places. While his brother runs around the country trying to get people to be able to life-saving from this guy. Exactly. Good point. Right. And where you people please stop saying can I speak to Neil? Say you're going to agree with her. So long as I'm more than a hundred years. Oh, yeah. The face of 30. There was an happy anniversary and I know you can't change the world. But you make it a little more tolerable for me. Yeah, you may. Notice all the pieces of the puzzler are starting to fit together. So I'm saying. Have a great day, Pally. Thanks. What was a good guy? I see it goes to sure. You have to take about a hundred calls. You get somebody to like fairly rational. Let me have a couple. Hey, by the way. Yes? By the way, something? That's uh, there's a van hit going on on Andrew's Avenue at Triple A of Lines. So go on. Let me ask you a question. That call that we just had. You kind of just sent something up on that. That was that like an inside job. I mean, see, I don't get any of these liners anymore. I know that's the rejoin. I just came back with. I just didn't really listen. But it has no impact. Nobody listens to those. It's like that treasure out of the thing. Nobody's been able to with your agent, Kila Yan and Bucky Brian. Nobody's been able to attention. When the king speaks, man, that's when they listen. That's when they open up their ears and they're all other parts. And they listen, man. They have absorbent. I'm not against their reading those liners. Nothing to be finer than a read a snappy liner. If, of course, right. It just runs. Yeah. Unless you have to go to South Carolina with Susan Smith that big. Well, why the hell is she still alive? She was on the biography of the other night. Oh, my God. Yeah. They didn't want to kill one of their own. Well, you know, something they deserve Susan Smith. All in mud lumps in South Carolina. I'll kill it. I think just, you know, because like Peter Marshall used to say, and Hollywood squares turned around his career play, I think the Dark Post in South Carolina should have lynched her ass. I mean, like that. Yeah, just has to make a bit stir up. Some black eye, you know, took the kids. Yeah, right. Let's do this. Let's do this. You and by the way, you should, even though he's a mugwamp and when he speaks, it makes you want to fath. You should kiss the ground that day that your ex husband, man. It would even touch you, honey. He sure is got a pretty mouth. Sure. Listen, let me. Roger. Excuse me. I'm going to see you. Amen. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. God. Thank you. Tibetusuletuned the town of Tibetusuletu. Tibetusuletu abroad by far we go Yeah, it will come back and forth! Yeah, it comes inside life. Yeah, it comes inside life! Yeah, it comes inside life, At all, yeah, the fun, all. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And other questions, his behavior is certainly that of an innocent man. You know what, the judges just issued a benchboard in L.A. for Michael Jackson because he was late to court. You see where he went, where do you go? Taking a hospital again, for reported bank problem. Oh my God. Oh, you all anybody this time? Yeah, probably going to have to figure out throughout the whole of Florida hospital, so a bunch of other people who are like an emergency surgery, we're going to have to be surgery interrupts and they're probably croaked over there because Michael's got a bad back. Hi, I heard he was bending over backward to cooperate. First of all, when he saw that little kid the other day, the one he lost. Who is he kidding? Is there anybody with a brain who thinks that he's innocent? No. So I think you and nothing would be the final, then we just snap the line up. Join QM and we're on the other pages from Bell Stop today. No wonder one, that's what that cover was trying to talk about. In our ticket a caller who is like, man, I'm not Andrew Zavano. No one at AAA appliance at 430 North End Reserve and 4-Landardale stopped by to win our usual crappy and embarrassing and humiliating QM prizes, but you can register to win tickets to the upcoming Marlon's home game. And what does that mean? Register to win tickets. The girl is adoring, I reckon. Oh, get out of town. What are you talking about? Okay, fine. No, seriously. Register to win tickets after register. Can't they even spin the wheel? There's no wheel. Why not? Not at the bad days. Probably Rick and Saga got in that deal with me. Yeah. Well, and thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. First we got the Michael Jackson story back in the hospital again, even the Mafioso are jealous of his shenanigans and antics to avoid facing the, when they call it, Spanish or was it? That's it. Gas tops two dollars a gallon. Thank you, and President, they booze. Thank you Mr. Dictator. We're at low gas prices man. We're invading him back and sticking up our hose to it. I pay 230 yesterday. That's for a premium I'm assuming. Diesel. Diesel. Yeah. Poll, he mode, you know Janet Reno. He knows her. I hope you're very careful where you're sticking that hose. Triple A says, sir, and gas on infusion is out of blame. Still below record high of 205. But it's on a way. They said by summer it's going to be like 2 and a quarter and 250. Philly. Oh, and you know something? I forgot this story. We had the other good news from Iraq earlier today. Just a whole bunch of it pages and pages of it now. A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a she had mass during a funeral today in the northern city of Mosul, filling at least 30 people. Burn man. When this is in hospital officials, be saying, ours after coming kill two district police chiefs in Baghdad. Things are going swimmingly well. And, no, what is it? Surges buddy Andre and Westchester is this something I really care about. I about the evoting machines. Any percent of all votes in America are counted by only two companies, Diable and ES and S. There's no federal agency with regulatory authority or oversight of the US voting machine industry. The vice president of Diable and the president of ES and S. Brothers, the chairman CEO of Diable does a major bush campaign organizer and donor who wrote in 2003 that he was committed to helping Ohio, deliberate selective votes to the president. A Republican senator Chuck Hagle used to be chairman of ES and S. He became senator based on votes counted by ES and S machines. Chuck Hagle long connected with the bush family was recently called lying about his ownership of ES and S. By the Senate, Ethics Committee. He was such an assortless of Bush's vice presidential candidates. ES and S. is the largest voting man, a machine manufacturer in the US. And counsel almost 60 percent of US votes. Diable's touchscreen voting machine. I mean we know all of this. Diable's touchscreen machines have no paper trail. There's no way to verify that the data coming out of the machine is the same as what was put in by voters. Diable employed five convicted felons as consultants and developers now pride the central compiler computer code that counted 50 percent of votes in 30 state. Doctor, no, no, no, no. Nevertheless, you don't think our country would like fixed elections in LIDO if they are. No way, there it go. Now, speaking of 50 percent, this is my goal now. That's another 50 cent story on here every day. So better, I get busy. You're not going to shoot up a whole bunch more rappers, okay? Way to be hit. Rapper's 50 cent in the game made nice yesterday doing an appearance at a renowned Harlem charity, signly a thaw on their headline-growing feud. We're here to show that people can rise above even the most difficult circumstances. And again, that we can put negativity behind us at 50 cent whose name of course is Curtis Jackson. I'm almost ashamed to have participated in the thing that went on last couple of weeks at the game whose name is J.C. on Taylor. Referring to last week's shooting outside Hot 97. I heard a member of his Posse. I'm here in Amapalj, at a key set. Is that a paljette or apoplectic? His Posse, the Posse Comitatis? The pair also announced a mutual beef, not giving back to the community. The rappers held up oversized cardboard checks. Fitting cent of work in Jamaica, Queens, not to make her alive in the island month. Jamaica, Queens, though day that's the wrong island. Though day 150,000 of the Harlem Boys Square, while the game of Compton, California, have 103 grand of the Compton Unified School District Music Program. I'm sure he knows a lot about music, the game. Outside and inside the auditorium dozens of city-police officers and private security guards kept their watch blind. The police said a member of the game's Posse was shot three times outside the studio after a confrontation over a 50-cent to the station to kick the game out of his entourage. G unit. The rappers themselves were out of the hall of the night. The rappers, throughs, also came as a 50-cent new album, the massacre released days after the shooting sold an estimated million copies this week. I think it's fantastic for that part of American culture that really embraces. The lower-minded, vibrant mentality. I think it's fantastic. They've got their own music. Yeah, well, everyone else. So, 182 votes on the poll. The biggest problem, now, let's go on. This is very embarrassing for Mezzaro. He is a lawyer with an impeccable reputation. When you have a client out on bail, you are essentially as the lawyer vouching for the fact that he will appear every day. The fact he issued a bunch more, wouldn't that be great if they threw his ass in the slime? Oh, he threw it. Oh, yeah, they're like those peanut miles on the inside man. I'll tell you that. In fact, never father Gagan, I wonder how he's doing father Gay, come. 680 votes on the poll. It's creeping along. The biggest problem in the good day county is it's a banana republic, 227. Nobody's speaking in place. 162. Oh, I saw great bumper sticker here today. I don't know what state it was from. Maybe actually it was an Ontario plate, but it had all kinds of bumper sticker slacked all over it. It said, welcome to America. Now speaking, was. No? Yeah, now. It's in right now. Speaking in place. Anyway, nobody speaks English in day 162, which you've been hearing that forever and ever, is it ever going to change? No, I'll see you all. I'll forget about it. It's a language as a weapon. Just like their French. Too many old right wing Cubans are 134. The traffic 63, a big drop off from those first three that seem to be tied together in extrictably a woven. Whatever that means. The traffic 63, the politicians only 39. The non-Hispanics don't vote as got only about about 30 men. Which, of course, is a travesty. And a classic example of people refusing to take responsibility for their own inactions. Nothing. Date is great. 14. That's a full 2% out nearly 700 votes. 14 of them say, oh, another one with date. It's great. And the money here will 13. That's it. Carl Heiss. And you sell out. You've phony you lying sack of crap. You are just as low as the amenities that are just scraping around. A bottom of the way. Or whatever that you're hanging out. By the barnacles there. The manatee of her Carl Heissen. Ever seen him and Dave Birri together. And Tom Fieler. Same person. Different French code. WDQAN. Hello. QAN. Yes sir. Speaking of the gas price. I got a question. Why do these old higher than even super? These old is always higher because it takes. They're leaving for a find. It's a lead for a find and easy to produce. What? You're asking the people an amicomans. They'll get it. That's right. Because the eyes don't get whatever they can else squeeze an out of your man. I drive a truck and I've got to call it. So I've got to call it. So I've got to call it. That's one now. And you know everybody. Everybody said that everything you said was one's got a truck. So it's going to ruin their economy. I think. Well, I'm talking to man. Those diesel bikes are going to kill us before they're done. Rosie Janet Ellen. 560. 560. Tom and now Chris D. Ellie. What's her story? Please don't tell me she's another fat back. Well, we don't bury you. Don't care. Well, who cares? How could anybody find it anyway? Love you. QAN. Hello. Yes sir. I was reading that article. The one you were there preparing what happened in Germany. Whatever. And what's going on in America today. And when you get to the very end there, because I met the one you were talking about. When you said you can see the W of more than two layers of swastik. You just put a shutter down your spine. Does reading all that. It's just just, this should be, there should be as if somebody had to. I mean, it could morph that and put it on your website. Yeah. If I get to cross the dumps to think the bees, they'll use it or I'm sorry. They can do these and. Yeah, right. Yeah. It's pretty easy. Right. But it's just sort of shatter down my spine. I'm like a suggestion. Yes sir. You're talking about the Cuban and the name, the love of love. Cuban. The Cuban. Who is the biggest sell out? Do their people. Like right now, you know, you get the, the somebody's days like 25% vote for version. Right. The Catholic vote for version. And then even the Jews. I've been having a vote for version. You know, it's funny. You mentioned that I was thinking about that as a pool. Just the idea yesterday. So we must be a second connection. I was thinking about now. Now, it's a tough choice. But the right wing Jews, the right wing gaze, the right wing blacks. It's, you know, you got your Allen keys and you've had David from and a bunch of other self-hating right wing Jews, right. Who would we be about? And of course, some misfudge and all of those other self-hating facts. Jeff Canne and Duckehart this crowd. Right. I'm going to friend of my, what do you want to do? Maybe I'll do that pool tomorrow. I'm going to friend of my Catholic. Yeah. And I try to tell you know, there's a lot of. Autist and Bible suffers will never vote for Catholic. And he's like, oh, no, no, no, no. It's no vote for him. And then he goes like Georgia and North Carolina goes, what's wrong with those people up there? And it's those of your people, those of your people who vote for him. That's right. It's not that we're vote for a new wing, linear or a northern, northern state or a border. It's perfect. I'm not carrying it. Carry might even hang out with a couple of Jews for a client. I'll ask you a bit of a careful. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Take care. Okay. I'll stick to your meters. It's 11.5. I'm 16. I'm 16. 8. This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to one hour on Q8. Oh, right. Remember the Iraqi celebration just they voted for the first time January 30. Remember those images, voters, holden their index fingers high. Purple ink on the fingertips, soothing they have voted. Well now you two can feel the time, courage and excitement they felt with the fire. And you're so proud and courageous. These kit comes complete with a vial of purple ink and easy to follow instructions. Wow, you've got a purple finger tip too. You must be proud, courageous, and excited. Yeah, yeah. Hey, your finger tip is brown. Oh, yeah. Always. Give it to you, clock. Yeah. Pretty old as new. Finger tip, coloring. Hey, your finger tip is... Green? Yeah. I'm per silten's boyfriend. Just 1995. The arts and crafts section of your favorite department store. Come on to us, 5.60. WMH, 30. We got 12.35 for Michael Jackson's show up in court. That's 9.35 Pacific Time. Or he's going to get his ass arrested. Yeah. And it says, Jackson posted a few million dollars bail would lose the money. He's arrested. But he's on his way right now. And he's going to be his bad back problem. He's on his way now. And I bet you saw a way for a Bronco or in a big black limo. One of the other take your choice. Maybe A-A-S-C-C-C-C. Michael Jackson was late for his trial today. And the California judge tried to pop superstar child level station city with issue A bench ward for Jackson's arrest. It doesn't appear in court within an hour. That was at 11.35 this morning, our time, which means by 12.35 hour time, which is in about 35 minutes. Not to be exact. The order by Superior Court Judge Rodney Melville came whatever. The dramatic developments that came in the dramatic developments came as the accuser in Jackson's travel schedule return to the witness stand. Michael Jackson's defensive attorney told a judge today that Jackson is in a hospital without a back problem. But the judge said he'll issue a bench ward for Jackson's arrest. And for a fit, that's $3 million bail. If Jackson didn't appear in an hour, which he's now got 31 minutes in counting. Put that clock on her. We got that ticker. We got to get down man. 13 one then. There it is. To get his ass in the air or four fits the three million. They throw his ass in a who scound just like father. Yeah, good. I never see him again boy. We can only pray. Wouldn't that be sweet, huh? Don't forget to join WQM and the real yellow pages from Bill South now to one day a triple A appliance, 430 North Enders Avenue for Lardadale. Stop by the win prices registered when tickets through the upcoming home game and see whoever's hanging out there. Who's it going to be? Is it McGill? No. Somebody. Somebody from QA and somebody who pretends to be from QA. Somebody probably hijacked the van. 5 670 560. Pond in this exciting. And. We need to pull up a Michael Michael by net. No, no. Just. Fry his ass. Let's get it over with already. But that's probably a crap. Did you see that one demonstrator outside the courtroom? Michael my screaming. Oh, my. Oh, brother. Some simple. Some. Some. FAMING. Idiot. Of course. WQM. Not there. I'll be there. WQM. Hello. QAM. Okay. Yes. Funny to talk about this. I have funny story. I don't think about it like 22 years. I mean, there were the West Coast and I'm going to hear most of this. But this morning, I left out her. I was going to lose. And it's a five million year that no one can borrow. Change to Brazil. Or you can't let anybody read it. Thank you very much for ,you're going to hear. But yeah, they didn't kind of crap. They needed to get away with it. Speaker of<|ur|>, you know, and they don't hear. You know, who we will start with, and then they just like to, put your to the city. I mean, I wanted to do that. I mean, I wanted to do that. I wanted to do that. Yeah. That's one. He just got to take you on his own right wing. People don't like to do that. And he's cute. Yeah, little too, but right. They feel like they're at home now because they were used to be run by a dictator. Now they got one back again. They're not exactly correct to. They never met a fascist. They didn't like and had a great day. You've got your thumb right on it. Five, six, seven, five. You know, something like I started to say before as usual, really, they're up in my self-hood that final line of, um, what's, you know, well, there's nothing I'm going to do about it. Just, just, you know, take the crap and sit back and enjoy. You know, like a rape case, just sit back and enjoy it and smile and pretend you're having a good time. Like that's all. They back and think of England because they're going to do whatever to hell they wanted to do to you. It's the most passive place. Joe would be in under him. In fact, Bill Cosby's probably I've said about that. That's the insult of the Joe lovers. I mean, we can't be able to put it, you know, just limp. Really sad. 29 years and nine days of this trying to like wake the dead, trying to like squeeze blood out of a turnip. Just can't do it, man. Trying to squeeze water out of a bowling ball. And that kind of tough can't do it. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Me? Yes, I am. I'm a little bit older. Hey, long time first time. Okay. Hey, can I switch gears a second? First of all, I'm not on line nine in my. No. How does that determine that by the way, anyway, if somebody calls in, how do you do this day? The line nine is the long distance line. It's a different number. Oh, could you make fun of people? Anyway. Because it's the most of the people at car line nine is urban. Okay. You know what? I'm from down here, long time now. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I know. I can't get myself out of here. Yeah. And you know, Chuck's in. I've over the years, the long, over the years I've heard you speak of Chuck's in. You know, I was the guy that had to retrieve his teeth from that glass and tropical acres one time. Man, it was embarrassing. Oh, that's gross. Yeah, it was. Anyway, you know, he had a show. He had a show in Miami in the morning. Both were half an hour. I'm going to go hunting. No, I'm not going to get the check. Well, my cousin and I, we were on that show when we were a little kid. Wow, Bobby Dan. Well, you know what? He used to do a spot for the other farms. Yeah. And he would eat the vanilla ice cream. I know, you don't like vanilla ice cream, but, you know, little kids like all kinds of ice cream. Yeah, because a little kid didn't know clue right. That's useless. And my cousin, he was kind of sad. And he was hungry. And we wanted some ice cream. And this is true. I swear. And we, I had asked him if we could have ice cream. Yeah. And he said there wasn't enough. But he was sitting there eating it. Right. With that guy scrubby, I think the thing with scrubby used to play the organ is organ. Well, he used to play his organ. Well, I think that's the end of that call. Five six. We don't want to be picking on four skipper up Chuck. You know, believe that we are a good. We are a good Chuck on our show. He's a good guy. He's 110 years old. He's, you know, doing cemetery village spots and Colossus bank spots and things like. And so we did find his teeth and his one. You know, that was a good show. Screw these punks and the little guy. Yeah. They're getting your purse. You're on the way. They've stars like record from Schipper up Chuck. Okay, when you're started broadcasting is we will know where the guys get their free food. You'll go buy your own. There's nobody's back in the skipper chat. Exactly. I'm going to save his life at Tama Crap. Somebody can go in. Yeah, nearly knowledgeable. What. This can you maybe help me out? Whatever happens to this, the last thing. Last a pipeline where we were never going to have to depend on barn oil. Oh, come on cut the grill. If you call up Randy Rhodes, okay, call up Al Franken and Katherine Lamfer, okay, but he'll ask a pipeline. I don't want to, it's boring, okay. Boring. The Alaska pipelines got nothing to do with the Saudi world family. Don't you understand, man, when you better finally open up your eyes and see what's going out around you, man, when you're going to sniff the daffodils and the pansies and the lilacs for quite six, it's rape is what it is. The rape is a consumer and we keep being told, oh, but what a bargain is in the market for a bunch of hell in the most pleasant and you're only paying two bucks. It's a real bargain. Right. I would love to know what band our Bush and George W. We're talking about on the balcony there at the White House today, following 9, 11, on 9, 12. Right, so they were walking around with the glasses of wine and band our Bush with smoke and his big fat stogi. I would love to have been a fly and a wall here in that conversation. Wouldn't you? Yes, I got that idea. Yeah, I sure do as well. Because all of this shenanigans, all of this stuff that's going on right now, not any of it, could have taken place without 9, 11. Not the single slightest bit of it from the Patriot Act to the hose attack and the Iraq, all of this other stuff, which by the way, there are thousands and thousands and thousands of that Iraqis now and the Bajus County. Not to mention the 10 to 15,000 wounded American soldiers, which we don't hear very much about that, because it's too embarrassing because when they come back to this country, they get screwed and we don't care about them, no more. And then if we patch them up and get them back in at least two or three pieces, we send them back again for another rack attack. Because we're running short. All this crap about how we're going to like going to Syria. Yeah, we should list along, we're going to Syria. We can't even handle Iraq to slaughterhouse. But let's talk about the good things that are going on there. Right. Because of Afghanistan's perfect. That's what we were talking about. Oh, yeah. Look at the great job that they've been with the women over there. They're still walking around with the old worker. We're going to free. Yeah, right. 731 votes. Although I will say this, a lot of his fan is must have moved their after that war because they're all running around saying, I poppy. Yes, there are. 731 votes. The biggest problem with date county speaking of aforementioned is it's a banana freaking republic 248 and of course the people who say that are. Absolutely correct. And man, if we have any man's out there, I don't think so. Nobody's speaking in place. Hundred and seventy two. Too many role right wing Cubans on. Hundred and forty two. The traffic. 67. You see the huge drop off. I mean, you know, you choose to have him set a lot of votes. 67. But a big drop off from those top three that are that's in the plane. And they are interwoven man. They're related. Like everybody named Gonzalez and Martinez. They're related. And Rodriguez. The politicians 41. The non-Hispanics still vote only 31 votes for that. Oh, yeah. That's right. Why you people have said on your fat ass on Tuesday and Dave County. No, it's them killings fault. Not us. And we said that we let a small handful of people banana vote people led by our Wartwing fascist fat ass governor. The side what was going to happen isn't. So they're going to change my life. See, this is the county where the area, not just Dave, but they don't care enough to send to the service. They don't care enough to send anything. As we discovered just about every day on the show for 29 years, they don't give a craft to send anything. 31 votes. My big fat pimples smelly, but nothing. They is great. 17 right. Not wrong with a 2% 2.3% and a mommy hurl 13. 12 13. Or that's an unlucky number. Be sure and tell what's his name at. Rubio. Okay. You know, even after all this time, some people still think it's really dangerous to buy a bit over the phone. Kind of a strange deal. It's a smart way to shop. Trust me when I tell you. I've done it for years. When you call 1 800 mattress, the number for dollar mattress. You'll find out that they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So there is absolutely no risk. Did you know that 1 800 mattress is more repeat customers than anybody else in industry? So once you try, you'll never go back to a showroom again. You'll be at no nonsense. No run around. No showroom shenanigans. Just factory direct prices. And the breast brands. You know, we left off Mr. Eagle from that poll yesterday. Speaking of take a risk. Do over. Oh, yeah, we better do the poll. We left Steve King off at our Mr. Eagle. Oh, geez. You ought to get a vote or two. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll be calling with company rank number 1 at customer satisfaction. And they carry all the top brands in a mattress business. That's some off names they never heard of. They got the best. Seely. Sir, the Simmons King coil tempered and even. Stearns and foster he would. And now, that amount for softwares. No payments are interst until 2006. So, column today for other than tales. Even more. Horne Miguel, fat boy and yours truly. Satisfied customers for a long time. This is the only smart way to buy you a mattress right over the phone. So, column right now or log onto their website. mattress.com. 1 800 mA TTR ES. 1 5 65 mA M. I looked up trainees. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Oh my God. Michael Mario's wife has a braces Secret Lecture. Michael? The Siouxi tuja bridal and the celebrity document and Jessica. Sonya Elizabeth. Is certainly some of the winners that thetha family deri Wolverinegartista champion the We fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you, we fight against you,, we fight against you, we fight against you, that is not true, the way he fights against you. wic can have players with shoulders above any shot, yet he really does the best challenges, he does the best way, know he is the most critics of this game, he knows everything short bullets right now because this is not obviously very good for him. You know, as Tom Ezra was hair turned white for his client and you know, the judge has been so forgiving and understanding and and vinylisticists of this jury. Then he doesn't want to upset them. He knows they have lies. He knows he's going to be a long trial and and notice how he keeps saying those knows not for himself. Because he's upset about the court. But because he doesn't want Mr. Jackson to disrespect the jury and the time that jurors are taking in order to be here every single day for this case. Judy. All right, Miguel. Let me just get a bit quickly back in. Jeff, while we wait for Michael Jackson to show up a bit. You're showing us on the side of the courthouse there. Charers going by not to let them are looking for yet. Not the whiteboard Bronco not to black a link in limo. I see a tree. I see a big tree all there. You know, not a palm tree like you did strike in California, but a big like a what is that? I don't know. It might be a fight because I can tell him tree looks like to me. He's a crap. Maybe it's a fight history. But anyway, there's a bunch of letters. At least four people out there. So obviously there's tremendous interest. Oh, yeah. What a crowd. Look at that. It's almost as big as that crowd. It was there to see the Sodom statue yank down that day. I'll see it and just happen to be there with their cameras and Christian Amman Porter. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, you got a laugh folks. You got a laugh. You got to think with a several grains of salt because the American public is just like that scene in network where fate then away is talking about. They've shot up screwed themselves limp at all. You know, that's what they just don't give a fly and write say it's any more. See, that's one thing about the white wingers and two days election was a good example of that. You know, when they did that pulling about Republicans voting so heavily against the slots, they're motivated man. See, not that many were motivated because only 14% showed up. But the ones who did show up were the motivated crowd. Whereas the middle, you know, the independence, the liberals, the progressives, the anybody to the left of Tullabon, they're not more highly motivated. They're like, come see Komsai, we're upset, we're pissed off. And that's about it. Whereas the right wingers man, they are rabid. They do it. They show up. They get on the end of the end of the day. Go nuts. They go aphymid and you see it all the time. And as we just continue losing it, you know, sounds like a movie with John Stockwell. WQA and hello. That's a good idea. WQA and hello. That's a good idea. Yes, sir. Yes, you do have the officer. The American people are as the daily mirror said right after the election, 60 million people can be registered. Right. This should hope we still have that on our website, by the way. Absolutely. This whole deal with what happened on Tuesday, and I'll be the first to say that it in the maze may I, unlike can, I live in Avator. I live like two seconds from Broward. And I think I think I'm going to continue heading north. Yeah. So, who do you move? But I saw this. Every news so obvious in the last two weeks of the whole campaign, how the two local birds bird cage liners and with all the apologies to all the birds out there. Came out doing their usual line. They've been doing for years. Yeah. I don't know anything to do with casinos or sloths. Anything like that. They've propaganded machine goes into heavy overtime. Well, big time. I don't know if you saw there was a short little thing on Monday, I believe, or maybe even Tuesday morning about how Mickey Eris and his wonderful, nice way had donated his bonus to the tsunami relief and all that good stuff. I mean, it's everything is so obvious. We're up Mickey Eris and Zaz to understand about that to her all. But, you know, I suspect that we'll try to try to get into years and maybe by then, somebody awake up will know, I hope we hope to be that a lot of care by then. So I could care less. Me too. All right. Now, good to hear. I'll see you at the board of things. All right. Okay. Let's see. Here's a guy walking with a hat. Oh, I'm walking with a hat. I don't see. I'm looking out through that chainling fence out there. I said the courthouse in LA. I don't see any cars coming through there right now to you. Yeah, but that guy was walking off the fast. I see a photographer there. A camera type person with a big camera on his shoulder and I see another guy with one of those long parabolic microphones. Right. And I see two other reporter type standar and then I see another tree. They're not that's a fight. Just treated. I don't know. What kind of a tree is that? You ought to know your tree expert. It's a shrub. Yeah, shrub. That's it. Yeah, shrub. Just like I present today. And the duty would have been just killing time. That's a great. 10 minutes baby 10 minutes in counting if that clock ticking down again, man. 10 minutes. We're going to throw his ass in jail. Four fifths of three million. Do not pass. Go do not collect 200 pay up pesos and go straight to jail. Michael Michael, if you're bad back and all your other book. What a joke. Talk about making a mockery. And of course, this is what he's been doing. I know just laughing at the public laughing at the system. Positive that they're going to get him off. And you know something. I'm not so sure. Because even though this family of the one kid turns up to be a real bunch of slime balls anyway, the fact that a matter where is that he done it, you know, right. They found the magazines. They found the DNA. They found all of this other stuff. He done it. The secret room. And he's been doing it repeatedly. There's no question about it. He's a pedophile. There is no doubt. None. Zero. Zippany Duda has been getting away with it for years. And just like we're talking about yesterday about that Debbie Rowe crap that with his blonde here at kid, there is no chance in 10 billion that either one of those kids are his. But nevertheless, no other. Well, maybe they bleached it out of the sperm too. And such is out of his face. I wonder if that's before they put it on the brownies. We're still waiting by the way. I want to keep the audience up today on this because they're much more concerned about Michael Jackson Matt Travelling here about what's happening right in their own backyard. You know, fact that you're fat ass governor just what? I said you know it. Just two days after the election already, you're fat ass governor. And I'm so fast. You voted for it. But I'm not going to let you have it. You people ought to be revolting man and believe me. I've talked to many of you and I've met some of you and I think you're well on your way. Revolting is the word. Just tragic the indifference, the apathy. And you can bitch. You know, I all you want about them old coupons with the green teeth and everything with the dominoes. But their every 10 years in election somebody blows that whistle just like those just like those flamingos and highly a man, their goose step and then they're marching. They're on parade. Go down there and do their thing. And carry me kids on air calls on you dark folks and of course they ten white people in Dave County. Who knows what how they live and did they turn out? Oh no. That's fiddys. I'm still looking here man. What was that for? Oh, they're a new student. Sleep. Yeah. Everyone else point to do bit. We understand through two different sources now that he's five minutes out by one account and 15 minutes out by another. Oh, 15 minutes. I got a cut of that would be 242. That would be seven minutes late throw his ass in jail. I have to go. Oh, yeah. I'm telling me. I would probably not only get a very stern warning from this judge, but most likely this judge would remind him of in the custody, Judy. Oh, right. Oh, yeah. Oh, Michael Michael, you know, time or maybe. I'm the one. He harassed a part of you slime ball. As asked the judge in his trial for permission to speak out above his alleged mystery grip at the hands of the Santa Barbara police department. It was off for them. They jumped me from my warm closeie kind of for me. King bed. What I was watching we were up mighty morphered power Rangers. They stormed my mansion like I was the dumb was saying. They were calling the horrible names like, hey, you and stop running and sit right there. I tried to defend myself by saying, I am rubber and you are goo. And whatever you say, bounces up me and sticks to you, but it did not stop them. They stir my metal collar of my furry white bunny slippers and smash my bubble making machine to smitheree. I tried to keep them out of my secret room and I growing pixie stick dust in their eyes. But they kept coming. It was a nightmare. Why are the police allowed to treat people this way? I am an upstanding citizen who was only to have his privacy and an occasional sleep over the theme party. Who to say my guest didn't want to play the copy of a party game, what's in my pocket? That is my business and the business of the families defense attorney, not the police. I have bruises on my new nose and red marks on my butt tops. Go that's not from the police. They shackled my wrist and shoved a bashy ball into my mouth and said, who's bad? Actually, maybe that was a dream I had last night. Never mind. So please police people, you need not be roughy and for same nasty things to me. Six and stones may break my elephant man bones, but names they also hurt me. For free, to wait till we get on serious man. We start getting 80 million calls today from like all over the rest of the country and these people are going to be like black right out. What'd that be great? Oh, I can't wait. Anyway, we got two minutes. Jackson's got two minutes to get to court and angry Jerry usually in the rest of our pharmacological Jackson today after he failed to show up for his travel station travel on time and it's a 30 minutes of seeing where the computer for a serious back problem. Superior court judge Rodney as Herman Melville said he would also forfeit Jackson three million dollar bail unless he appeared in court within one hour. He's got two minutes and get that countdown going. The three was made in the court when the judge entered Jackson's lawyer Thomas Messeroy Jr. is here's getting witer by the minute said, Mr. Jackson's at Cottage Hospital in Santa Ennis with a serious back problem, but he does play to come in. The judge obviously angry, P. Oden, fired up declared I'm issuing a warrant for his arrest on forfeit in his bail. I will hold the order for one hour, meaning 1235 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Messeroy who's requested that the judge talked to Jackson's doctor when the phone was turned down said a short time later that he's on away. I'll tell you this, it's back snap right back in a place like hospital sportswoman Jenin Reneel said he let's say in his valley college hospital A45 A and that's 745 our time. It's about a 35 mile draft from the hospital of the court. Reneel had no comment in his condition. Messeroy had been observed and he is again. Look at that. Looking at his watch. I have been less impressed by the strength of the case than I thought I would be. But there's also one legal issue on the horizon that really will have a big impact on the resolution of the case. There are two on the other side. Many can in real Michael Jackson was accused in a civil lawsuit 1993 of similar sexual misconduct with a boy in an entirely separate matter. The judge decided whether he will allow evidence of this prior. When you ask what it's call 35 and they're still looking. There's Tom Ezra when. Let's see if the judge has got the comments to stick with the executive. You go judge. I don't see no limo. I don't see no whiteboard rocker. There's a guy with a goofy head again in the blue shirt and the cell phone. Of course everyone has got a cell phone. He's got a one in the hockey. Even the chimp on passion has got a cell phone. Precious. There's still stand out there on the sidewalk. I heard the courthouse and here comes some balls head to geek. I don't know who the hell this guy is. I don't know. Let's see the cops. And they're still just standing there looking and looking and waiting and hoping and praying and they're peeing in their pants and they're sorting their undies and 1236 almost. And as I already have Jackson, Mrs. Doug judges deadline. Bench Ward takes effect. Oh, he better watch his echo. He's an arrow. I'll take that right now. He's in big trouble if he asks me if they put him in there. Don't you think? Yeah, they're going to have to put him in solitary. The excuses will be always a big celebrity. And yeah, whatever. So I got to put him in a single compilation. Now, he all those hardened murderers and criminals. And he doesn't have like that sucks smooth criminal. Yeah, there you go. What happens whether or not they are a man him into custody immediately? Our pool source here is also saying five minutes which probably comes from deputies or Santa Maria police as well. So within five minutes, who laid, actually will be here? Who laid would be very interested in seeing what deputies do when he gets here. And then certainly once he gets into court, what now that's interesting because when he does get there, if there's a ward for his arrest and a handcuff him and a drag is asked inside, right? Right? That'd be sweet. Well, what is it? Wouldn't you think that's what's going to happen? I mean, should happen? It's what should happen. Sometimes, just so suddenly running like crazy. It's possible. It probably got to run, too. It was told earlier that helicopters were on the way up from Los Angeles. I don't think our Santa Barbara stations or affiliates have helicopters maybe a couple of them do, but it's sometimes difficult to pick up his. If they don't know where he is, it's difficult to pick up where his motorcade is because it is long stretches. See, at least OJ with a whiteboard Bronco, he'll have to do it right. You know, they could track them all away of and down the freeway. This is craft. We ought to be tracking it limo right now when you think it's hard to tell why I'm the other. Oh, and if you notice that, have you ever noticed the body guards? Nobody talks about it anymore about the nation of Islam and all these big black body guards. He's got a, that's also, let me just, just quieted that up for some bizarre reason. It was all that controversy about where they were, what they motorcade. Uh, I'm not making his eyes. And he hears polaroid. What's that? And we can see, I think it's what he's doing. And they're less likely from the various fans who have gathered here, Mr. Jackson getting ready to pull in here. Oh, no. What are we seeing? Right now, we, well, here we are. It's always open quickly. And there's one that didn't like the bodyguard. That was a small guy. That's kind of another one. But there's, uh, there's the thing he's doing. That's the reason there in the second part. And there's a, uh, there's a car of one that grounds here. He's got more cops on his, uh, seeing. If, uh, deputies are going to remain here. And there's one of the Jackson fall. And those people in that show is that show was Joe Jackson. They into the, uh, it was in the courthouse. We don't have a little way back when they put the vehicle to the speaker. All right, it's 10, I don't see the people here from the angle at the end of the day. There's a big nation of skin. Yes, it doesn't seem to be too quickly out of his car. I'm going to put it in the car. You're going to have to bad back it. All right, it's the first part. Here's the guy going up and that is daddy. Now, let's see what's going to happen here. Get those scum head, baby. And support. You got that up. Well, of course it's not right. I got the approval anyway. I think. Look at that. Panned. They look like a, uh, uh, for him. Oh, they got his, and he's in the hospital. And that's where he's wearing pajama bottoms. Well, a T shirt, a black sport jacket and blue pajama bottoms. What a wanky. He's wearing pajama. It's not that he's wearing pajama. He's wearing pajama's in the court. It's for the, I was fairly loose. But you don't do it. Think this is a part of that side show. Would you have system by his body? Or are you the center room? Let us go over. Oh, he's not going to be on the left door. So here. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. I like that. I want to sit through that cross. There's a tremendous crowd. At least it's seven or eight in myers. Oh, that's not going to come through the middle. Not the fans here. Probably under 30. And what is going to be? I don't know. It's going to be on his bow back. We're not going to be. We're looking at these, like he's under an influence of something. Poor today. Whether or not the judge buys it now. Those weren't stamps. You were looking, Michael. You have blew past that deadline several minutes ago. Mr. Jackson now in the courtroom. And now it's up to the judge to see how he's going to handle this. This, this very quickly. Of course. Oh, you can't say that. Some ago, he did appear to be walking more slowly than. Oh, ah. Oh, I'm sorry. Ah, of course. He's walking more slowly. He's got a bad back. He's stupid. Bitch. Judy would rough my ass. Oh, do we long for the days of burning show? And he probably snuck her right upside ahead. If he could make me more video right now. But old burning show. He'll run into me. He'll run into a wanna kill a ass. Michael's in court. On five six. If he's in him. Um. Um. I urge everyone to complain to this station. with my hands. Hey boy,oye-hoo. He's been bereaved. More most than my life. The key follows for make the fence, gonna be a Wuai. And I don't turn on the old, and I'm lost, this new disloyal and time-eyed. I'm not a kid, I'm a sheep, I'm a man, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a fool, I'm a kid, I'm a guy, I'm a fool, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a guy, I'm a Jews And a Vietnamese. distribuitable kabtlebells. And from Facebook pages, Tamarins trying to have this kind of a special break up I am Diamond from court TV who thank you to self as a real journalist, Turner, partner in crime Nancy Grace, and he looks like he's in distress and he's like listening to the left, I'll give me a break. What a fake piece of crap this is. Will it ever end? Will it let me get ever tell the truth? Huh? Diamond, Diamond, my ass. Anyway how's that pull coming? He'll give back to a little see what the judge says. And of course now we see what they're terrified of is they don't want like manhandling because they'll pick up where they left up before where those charges about how the police manhandled him and they bruised him and they said remember that? Yeah, yeah. All of that crap. Oh, here's the incident replay all day long. Oh yeah, the incident replay when he umbrella, and of course the sun is shining. There's not a cloud in this guy that had a lot of rain in LA but not today. And the sun is shining and everything is just fine blue skies but they got to have that huge umbrella over Michael which finally went to the middle detector that was in the van. There's automation of Islam guys. Those big tough nasty body guards and there's daddy who looks like he's in a bag too. Maybe he was insurance him Jesus to use with Michael this morning. The biggest problem with the account is that's our poll today 793 votes. It's a banana republic 267. Nobody's speaking in glaze, 1951, a source of ongoing frustration that will never change. Too many old right wing Cubans 153. The traffic 74, the politicians 45, the non-Hispanics don't vote. That's still stuck. Anyone. Oh man, that's easier to blame other people. Right point to finger with everybody else is their fault. Nothing wrong with day data is great 18 out of almost 800 votes 2.2% and the money Harold is on the SNS as usual 14. They're on the bottom of the cage. Okay, let's get these calls correct. I don't know. I got some really heavy duty stuff here. I wanted to read maybe I'll say it for tomorrow. Stumping on the bill of rights from a U.L. Fat email. And made in America, Wahabiism. It's a great article from the early times by waiting for actual doubt. The Christian writers are on brand of extremism. Long overdue. I'll say it for tomorrow. Why are you doing that? Because I don't want to gloss over. We got all this Michael stuff coming up. Probably if I have like a redus interrupt us. I don't want to do that. Because we got many important calls that are going to be pouring in here. You see it? Yep. Yeah. Yeah. It's an intellectual hymn. If he's genuinely sick. But the issue of notice will be very important. Of course, everyone understands that people get sick. But judges don't like to be surprised. And if he was not informed at the earliest possible moment, the Jackson was planning on not attending or asking to be excused. You know, a lot of things has to happen. And what have to happen. And one of the things judges are always very concerned about is the convenience of the jury. So if the jury came in on time, when Jackson knew he wouldn't be able to come to court, that's something that judges are going to be very concerned about. How anybody could be that stupid, who was dog and pony here. And again, here's a media packaging this and presenting it to you like it's a real thing. You know, WQA and hello. Please don't embarrass yourself. I think you're a little local show. You go on serious rate. No. Okay. Thank you very much. Robert John. Hello. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Barry. WQA and hello. Welcome to the whole area. Okay. This guy's making a mockery in the system. I'm telling you. No. Yeah, you know, even though, come on, you need a forance of showing up for trial on time. There you go. And he's a pajamas either. Right. I mean, if you're going to stop an after fact, I checked and it's going to cost you $3 million. That's crazy. Exactly. Anyway, I love you. Thank you. I hope it was okay, is that right. I told him, otherwise he's going to get a lot of use where he's going. Talk about slamer. WQA and hello. My girlfriend's birthday tomorrow. WQA and hello. QA and hello. QA and. Yeah, what's up Neil? I didn't know. He knew precious that your friend Ron, pros that Ron. Yes sir, speaking. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. He's going to be actually a rare sensible call. Come on. I really want one of those. See these these. These nuts. They're just upset because once we do get on series and we have 80's in cost model for a North America, they don't want to be her and them no more. They got to be my guy. Yeah. Those guys. They don't. They don't. They don't hold that against me. They listen. I got. Oh, no, please don't do that to me, sir. If you're going to talk about hockey, this is going to be the shortest phone call you've ever made in your life. Well, it has actually has something to it. I was still in. If you ever saw an A, he shall gain something for five six seven. Five six six. Five six. Pound five six. The only horizon. What? You warned him. Yeah. So that was as soon as he mentioned. Remember that should have been the end of that call. Talking about the if there isn't a collective bargaining agreement. See, here's a little leaf sludge from Leaf TV. What prevents Jeff Merrick and. Well, you know, Bill. Fat Bill waters. Nobody cares about that. When you stop. Stop that enough. Remember, try to destroy my show. By the way, you're a liar. Remember, I want to how much. How much he took at that 600 bucks to that Fony per glass is that he got from that joint down there. Oh, brother, who are you? Can try to get to the guy's number. He'll make it right. Yeah, right. But so Chinese eyeglasses. Six times the the thickness of these other real bests are got. Probably across a hundred bucks. Remember pocket of the other 500. You know, that's how it works. W to Q a M. Hello. Yes, sir. One point. One thing first. I agree with you. One out of percent this state is nothing but a backwards fashion state. And I think it's a good man. It's a it's a hopeless case that people don't give a crap. They're in different. And no passion for life. No passion for anything. They just don't give a crap, you know. That's right. And I can't wait to that. That fact is going to get that is our office. I really do because I think this state might better off. Well, yeah, well, you're first gay governor Charlie Chris when he gets to me. That'll be signed. Because if you think the Democrats are going to come up with a candidate who's going to be your next governor, you are dreaming. In fact, they're even saying now Bill Nelson looks very vulnerable. And I can understand why he's another weak sister. Too bad Bobby Graham couldn't just hang on for every, you know, he was our only, he was the last white hope. W Q a M. Hello. Michael, listen. W Q a M. Hello. Yeah, I mean, how are you doing? Okay. He was speaking to Rima. He is a chief because when they all saw a game was down in the initial. I'm going to hear about the initial or so I'll start game or Rima. Okay. Either one. The other day, remember the other day when I was getting the scratchy throw and I thought I was getting like another cold. I mean, because the weather one day was like 45, the next day was like five. And that hasn't have it to do in that to scratchy throw. And I'm sitting there watching wheel of torture on TV at 7 o'clock. I could do every day. And the phone rings. It's Rima. Couldn't get him off the phone for like 20 minutes. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. I'm trying to tell. You know, you don't sound like you really want to talk. I said, I might fight and off a scratchy throw. I'm trying to like, I'd save my voice. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. You know, I'm single crap. Come any QA in, hello. I'm from Neil. Yes, sir. A do in that sir. Pretty good. Actually, I did that in fact. And say, I'm doing fine. Well, great. I just want to let you know down with Governor Jeff Bush. And this is a sound you're going to hear with Michael Voodle's slamer. Or boy or boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy. The door, door, door. Woah, woah, woah. Yeah, that sounds like it. In fact, maybe we don't have burning Royads by the time you get started there. Maybe I'll talk to, because I can circle before you go into an about word. Answer to where to inject those Royads. Where to put the needle. Yeah, 5, 6, 7, right in the middle of his nose if you can find it. I only had two nose jobs. You know, I don't know. Right. They were just really baked. Right. They were just good job extensive. WKOM, hello. I want you to understand what's the action of me. WQAM hello. Little new. Yes sir. Michael Jackson. What do you want me to say? WQAM hello. I forgot my program. WQAM hello. Hold it you're holding one. Nail. You have the controversial show about. Oh geez get all life okay by the way dick find we're gonna top it apart. So he's got some news for you okay he's got some big news for you. Now that they got the slots through. Instead of the flag hanging from the flag pull out there by the towed board your ass is going to be hanging along with your boyfriend too sweetheart. WQAM hello. Yeah Nail. You think it's just flat or look who's governor of California. Yeah that's right. I'm here at the dining of an earth and man what I've been telling you for a hundred years of California. California. Say it right man California. WQAM hello. And what we said about bankruptcy in Florida before. I said Florida is a bankrupt state that's bankrupt of any more values. It's what I said. I'm going to vote for gambling what does that tell you. Bankruptcy and Florida. Oh. WQAM hello. I told you these calls are going to be great. Who wants to read those stories. QAM. Oh Neil hi there today. Pretty good. How are you. I'm going to Rific thank you. How will let you know you're in form of opinion actually. You know why is that possible? You know you're going to be more right when you say that my amnit's a banana republic. But why is it possible that he's turning to many two point three. Are you here guys as fun as guys there from 12 to 12 o'clock. You can see any city wants to include any curse in the book. Right. You make a far from you get 10. That's correct. Half a million dollars for each part. You tell me what? Why? Why is that they can do that? You cannot do it. Well what do you mean why can't it do it because the FCC doesn't care about them. It's like everything else in South Florida is one set of rules for people that's being engaged and all the same will cost of us. That's wrong. I'm going back. What would you expect in the banana republic? I don't know. Okay see you. By the way PR Ralph give us some bad information yesterday that was that's your friend. And what do you expect to get an info from your friend? I'm about to tell you about the Reakance for a long time. Jesus man. Talk about a swish blade. Oh, the game. I wonder if you're a favorite. What's your name? I'm sorry to give you the bad. And of course I don't play in hand because the point that I made yesterday at about Nuneish was very valid. It's still valid. And that is we've got to get information from the audience as a poster of our middle-level management people who are you know, desperately trying to find some kind of a chore of some kind of an air underrun to just apply the resistance in the bigger paycheck. And that would have been one of them. You know, to keep keep their thumb right on that situation to keep us abreast of what was going on. And so post the later on coming out. Who is the one that came to you and said, oh, they're going to be available now. The 20 to a two. I want you to do a 15 or 20 minute show. Don't do that. Right. After the fact, right. Well, he said stick around just in case they don't. But you want to say why we took that. And he said stick. What? Yeah. I bet I bet he did. Why he's got to find something to do. You know what? How about he's been demoted? Now that he's got to kind of sit in there. Now you don't have to go talk to the salespeople anymore because we've given up that whole deal. No more copy, no more work just. Just to cash the check baby like Berkeley says. Berkeley says just cash the F in check and leave the rest of the. Just to make sure that you're running. Just to make sure that you're running. Just to make sure that you're running. Just to make sure that you're running. Just to make sure that you're running. Just to make sure that you're running. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's your call today. Like I said, I started off whipped up into a frenzy. Hank was whipped up about it. The governor subverts the little Republican. He's threatening we're not going to have what you voted for and brought on Tuesday. And this public man, you are again, apologize to the people who make Joel as limp as a wet noodle. Nothing moves them man. I'll say it again. And then that's totally head even though I can't see the result right now. You are so full of crap. The problem is over the old yellow teeth crowd because there's a limited number of them. The problem was all the rest of the committee that doesn't give a flying crap about anything. It's just rolled over and you've succeeded man. You've succeeded not from the state but from life. You've just thrown in the towel just like we do with the sales department so we can relate. Somebody QAM hello. QAM. Yeah. I was calling you. Yes, or speaking. What's it? Okay. Okay. I want to say thank you for taking your face in the face of George Bush's Nazis. I wish that you would keep it up. It's a great thing to remind everybody that our freedoms are slipping away. Okay. Well, they're very obviously whipped up into our friends. You're about to turn and I'm going to continue banging away and banging my head against that cement wall. Because you can tell from these people are calling sure we're day. They are really, typically in the governmentally and humanly and crap. Okay. The pull is back. Our website is back. We're going to do the two exciting air. Almost a half an hour hero of paranoia and psychosis. Not good. Michael Jackson's accuser is now in a witness stand. Michael Michael is in there in his pit and his PJs. Maybe they get a little something going on. Maybe he rocks in Jesus' juice to corrode them. Michael's already in his PJs. What do you think? There you go. Just roll the bed out. Yeah. Went into out. You were listening to Neil Rodgers. Roger. Roger. Yeah. It's a little bit funny. And then one trick. I'll stop here with face little loser. Had been to bear us inside. And he got all of the numbers. He got all of the papers. Including a party. We're done for your game. He got all the text messages. He took a famous friend. There was someone winging in how to read word and all of them. But saving's bad news. Vindy, you're the codder. And that old Brian. All went to the cell and storms. And turned their phones in. And now we know everybody. On Paris's call home. We know the planet's number. And now that's the goal. It's going to go. It's all over the next. So, we're cheating with. We're seeing it now. All the dead. And speaking of that, Limp Biscuit. Sing your Fred Durth is doing 10 websites at operators. Who posted the rockers homemade sex tape after we're still in from his computer. Possibly by the same hackers who got into reality star. Paris Hilton's cell phone. The lawsuit filed a federal court last week. Seats more than 70 million in damages. And any profits the site operators reap in recent weeks. Within when the achievement of clip of Durth in a former girlfriend began appearing on the internet. And the complaint Durst contends the 2000s we video was never meant for public viewing. It was started in Durst home computer. But hackers managed to break into the computer remotely and make a copy called the lawsuit. In December, Durst manager was contacted by the owner of an adult video firm. The lawsuit of the single of the interest in making the video available commercially. Durst attorney's then-cent letters, earning the defense to stop. Cut it out. The lawsuit claims to start operators and made it Durst privacy misappropriated his name and like this. Durst who secured the copy writes to the video before filing the lawsuit. Also claims the websites are guilty of violating U.S. copyright laws. Since the lawsuit was filed, many of the websites had said they would pull the clip. Most of them have reported to comply at McPherson Durst attorney. We say. Who now wants to see that? Unless the course we find out which girlfriend it was. Right. We will find out. It's still on somewhere. I'm not going to. I don't want to find out. You know what I mean? Yeah. We don't need the tourists. 852 votes on the full. The biggest problem with date kind of. I'm thinking very seriously by the way, I'm aware of how to win my life. And I'm thinking very seriously. We're going back to the, you know, what we did those seven months where I stopped taking the rules. I mean, this is beyond Garbage. You know, I mean, what's the point? I had a phone system for like five people. You know, you got crazy prosack run. Who needs to be put in a rubber room somewhere? You got the yellow we got. Yeah. And that's it. All too well. Yeah. You sure do. And I'm thinking I just go back to that because your calls basically folks blow. They sucked. They bite. The worst. The absolute worst. I've been to this for a hundred years. Almost thirty years. Right. About thirty minutes. I have never heard such a cacapity of swirl of Schmidt of horse tongue as comes over this phone. Perfect. And every, you know, again, if it was any on man, we'd be getting calls from you know, home, the phones of a ring and off the hook back during those days. It's all need during the times when we have these devices hate, hate best. That's when they get into it. Yeah. But any other time like like now when the governor says, okay, forget about that vote. I'm going to do whatever I want him and they just roll over and play dead. That's what they do best in South Florida is playing dead. Maybe that's why Terry Shavoh. She ought to be like the state. The, uh, uh, symbol. El state's have songs, uh, in signals. Well, she ought to be the insignia on the state. Fag. Terry Shavoh. With the tube. Mm. Yeah. 857 votes. The biggest problem with Dave County is it's a banana republic. 291. Nobody's speaking in grace to 08. Too many old right wing Cubans. 164. The traffic 78. The politicians. 47. The non-Hispanics don't vote. 36. Right. Nothing. They just great only 18 to 01%. And the mommy here will 15. On there, they go, here come the intellectual caller's now. I know it. So if I threw out the, uh, through the gauntlet down, I give them the challenge. The intellectuals would come on. That's, rather testimony on this very same issue. He said that his brother had a seven-up can. And that he really remembered that because, uh, Red wine on the brim evade an important knew that that was unusual. Who did that song, Red Red wine? So we're in the place. And I'm sure before the defense will see on this where you have a story, the teams common, but when you look at the detail, they're starkly different. Well, there you go. That's the court TV, a little bit different, uh, same grant. WQAM, hello. Hey, hey, hey, hey, you all. Hey, you all. Okay, pal. Listen to that. I'm not an, I wouldn't share a minute to lecture a caller, but. That's pretty cool. I'm out of call then. I think, uh, pretty pathetic. But I got a child. Um, Florida is far supporting anything. And I'm in the position. And to get people to come off for a ritual music, and get them to come to clubs to support anything outside of the state. And they're going to be that of what they know. Yeah. It's just pathetic. You know, they just say in that little safety cue wherever it is in their house. And that's it. And then it's like that, whatever you think, which sports, I know you hate sports. I'm not a big sports guy. And our music wise, I've seen it, you know, I've seen it all along. You know, go out and play and get people to come out. You do an original music, something different, something new, something refreshing, doesn't matter. You know, you're going to have to go out and get them to the hospital. And the hospital is an $85 bill. Just like for you, that the pants is meant to stand in the cup finals. And everybody had to flags going and the rats and everything. We loved it. And now you couldn't find five people out of 10. You got to talk about it. Good started. I just want to tell you a long time, Mr. Man, and keep up the good boss, buddy. Good luck to you, Pali. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Uh, now let's see. I hand. I think I should make candid here. I think about Ed McMan. Jesus. Oh, yeah. Ed's at home. He's a cook or anything. And that bad fall on that show. I think I have a good idea. I just thought I'd mention it. Then we care about Ed McMan a little bit. That really. No, I actually would have been better news if it turned out that he was in the hospital on a verge of death because we'd rather hand him go than Johnny. Here is Johnny. Either way. But, what? Now why do you say that? I wasn't a big Johnny Carson family. You wanted him to croak as opposed to Ed McMan. No, no, because he was already out of our lines. I see his all eyes. He's not going to use for many more. Yeah, I see. Even before he went off the air, we didn't have any use for many. No wonder I hear that you talk behind my back. That's right. All I can have about another four years when his deal is over. Then I can screw off him. Croco wicked horrible death. I heard that. I mean, Johnny Carson. I know what I thought. You have a soul of great friends. He's a lot of people. Some of the came up. But Ed, I never hand him to the professional asslicker. Kind of like Larry King without the suspenders. And, you know, plus of course, the, I'll never forgive him for the American publishers. Sweepstake rip off bullcrap. Him and Dick Clark. You notice we don't hear any more about Dick Clark. Nope. You know what I said? After we finally had the load on from the inquire, they didn't have one stroke but a second massive stroke. And he's like, look, how like that. Last thing he was heard saying was, I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying for retirement. Oh, those from somebody comes. Into the untouchable. I immerse a cargo walliers from. And now the Master of Ethnic, team can teach you his secret technique. Set an asshawing calorie a Academy of Access. Good morning students. Today, we'll welcome someone inflict. Peter Vemin. Boser, which I have, any cassate, see who apply? What's up? What's up? What the hell? I thought it was. At the shard's heart! At Academy of Access. The next one is the one you were born with. No class. Guess which accent I'm doing this time. Uh, a Scottish guy? Of course, that was my Mexican guy. Yeah. Oh, I should have smiled, Miguel. So whether you want to do a Scottish Chinese accent, a Scottish German, a Scottish Iraqi, or a Scottish rapper? I like to take this opportunity to give a show out to all my home in Rome today at the Sean Connery Academy of Accents. And soon you'll be able to do any accent imaginable. As long as it's Scottish. 145 at 5. 16. Everybody from Josh, you might want to mention to your fan friend, Eric there, that my stance page is like stuck an hour ago when it's not going anywhere. I just mentioned that in passing. Little website, website is interruptus. Choice point. Remember about the choice point? People look at files and everybody speaking of secret files. Right. Choice point files found riddled with errors. Deborah Pierce held her rare and precious document in her hands. It was a story of her life as told by choice point ink. She wasn't supposed to see it. An anonymous source had spotted a report to her, but there it was. Her national comprehensive report, money pages long, a complete dossier of all the digital breadcrum she's left behind during her adult life. At least that's what it was supposed to be. Pierce said she felt an uneasy, twinge-in-er systemic issue began to flip the pages. It doesn't form or addresses were listed along with neighbors and their phone numbers. Almost 20 people were listed as relatives and their neighbors were listed too. There were cars she supposedly on. Businesses she supposedly worked for. But the more closely she looked, the more alarm she became, the report was loaded with mistakes. Choice point. And now in battle database giant aggregates data from hundreds of sources on millions of Americans that reports have then sold thousands of companies and government agencies that want to know more about their clients, customers or employees. But wouldn't your drawer well be proud of what's going on these days? Amazing. He would be just busy by it. Almost as busy as Michael was there on a way in the court kind of tilting, listing off of the left. Honest Looting. Right. And by MSMEC.com, the company last month wore 145,000 people that criminals posing as legitimate businesses had access that information, putting them at risk of identity theft. The incidents sparked discussion about the larger industry of data collection made up of companies known as commercial data brokers. Choice point is the largest, but there are hundreds of other firms that collect and sell private information for profit. Choice point also had a host as a host of important government clients, including the FBI and other intelligence agents. Oh my God. The Alfredo Joe Joe based company to try to be interviewed for this story, pointing a reporter toward the firm's website for additional information. The company separately announced Tuesday that it's hard to top official of the TSA, the transportation security administration review of how the company screens express the money. That's great. Love it. And here's a great idea finally speaking of the FBI. FBI director Robert Mueller suggested this week that Congress considered borrowing terrorism suspects from legally buying guns. After an audit found that 47 people on a terrorist and watch list were approved for purchases last year. I'm sure you've seen this story. Yes, I did. Gun sales are denied a convict and he also saw that Wayne Lopier, who is a legitimately crazy person. The head of the NRA. He, he, he, he know like this. Gun sales are denied a convicted felon's fugitive is convicted drug users illegally, aliens others under federal gun laws, but a GAO report may public Tuesday pointed out that being suspected having a link to a terrorist or a terrorist group is not among the nine criteria that prevents somebody from legally buying a firearm. It only triggers a more intense background check of the person before a gun dealer can sell a gun. We ought to look at what can be done to perhaps modify the law, malordable members of a House of Propheorism subcommittee. The National Rifle Association says the current laws protecting Americans from terrorists while allowing citizens to free them to own guns. Wayne Lopier, the NRA chief executive in Gun slinger, said under the law if the FBI's National Institute of Criminal Background Chief System gets a hit that somebody's for a gun permit on the terror watch list, the government official will put that person on the list of the counterterrorism personnel are notified. And of course that gives him plenty of time before they go out. So, we'll have a bunch of people away. So, while the neighborhood of the school and blow a bunch of kids away, they're in a mall and just blow a bunch of a pain in the asshoppers. And whatever else they want to do with it. I think like that. Now, Senator Frank Loutenberg, Democrat and New Jersey requested the audit, reacted with the call to undo a year old law that requires the FBI to disturb records of applications to purchase guns within 24 hours of approval. It's aiding in the vetting terrorists. He said, lots of times, you can't remember that they need 20-2 hours. Hey, listen, America loves their guns. We love them bullets flying. And that quitting set. I'll put the rapid gosh man blow in each other away. And it's partly a cultured part of the passing scene man, right? Right. They're down. So, I'll mess with it. Of that one, 60 minutes, Stanford students, CBS against an April-legs-a discrimination and defamation, charging that the network used the flawed report on President Bush's National Guard Service as an excuse to try to ease her out, went and down, easer ass out. Esther Carton Garner, 67, Pablo Osud on the last day of the van, I didn't see that last night either. Look. It wasn't home. I wanted to see Dan's last telekin. What if he had children? Torage. Torage. Torage. What does that mean? Torage crap. Huh? I guess he was going to sign off every night on the news case with that, but he got a laugh out of the studio when he started doing that years ago, so he dropped the idea. Yeah. Because of all the crime companies, and that's the way it is. Remember Walter, you know you don't remember. I saw some pictures. And that's the way it is. December 20th. He's reading the magic bullet. No, yeah. That's all I need. Anyway, Esther filed the lawsuit on the last day that Dan Radford Newsman presented the Bush report appeared as an anchor of the CBS-70 News. Carton Garner said in court papers that a defamation claim is based on the statement by Leslie Moonbass CBS Chairman and CEO on that worst website January 10. In that statement, Moonbass's Carton Garner had abrogated her assigned function and CBS news is the worst for it. Moonbass made the statement on the same day that independent panelist and its report on the Bush report. Carton Garner says in court papers that a role in the story area was minimal. She says she was directed on September 7 to read the transcripts to make sure excerpts of interviews were not used out of context. She says he already had been demoted when she was moved. We moved to senior producer of 60 minutes in May of 2004 and made senior producer of 60 minutes Wednesday. She says she was replaced at 60 minutes by woman 20 years younger, which is partly basis for her age discrimination claim. She says she was scripted to receive your producer title and her pay was reduced by 20 percent. Sounds like sour grapes to me, you old bag. Right. It's so big. I said I would be. What the hell was his name? You'll never remember. Larry Justice. Oh my. I can't believe that. Oh my God. Hey, Molly is this man on top of it today or what? For justice, we must go and see Larry. Father, age discrimination suit against time indeed because he got killed and that we can do whatever. Well, that was all you're about to remember. Yeah. I always get locked in there. You bet. Yeah. I was also a part of those younger than you. Yeah. I was a part of those younger boys. They got him off the air because they show suck. That's why. Now, if you're telling me that Moe we mean has Bruce Willis on it to 30. Is there something going on that we ought to be aware of? Yeah. Actually, I found out that his daughter is an executive at Miramax. Yeah. Bruce Willis is film coming out. So they're going to promote it. Most daughter is an executive at Miramax. Right. And Bruce Willis has a film coming out that they're going to promote. The most I have to do is force. Is it that one you were telling me about it? No. Seriously. What are you talking about? I'm telling you that's what's going on. It has nothing to do with sports. I see. From what I was running. In other words, we have a format change. Right. Or it's just a kind of a sad question today. Just in today. I see. Okay. Just today. We're like, which is fine. We already heard plenty about, you know, all spanish sports. Jose can say co Jason Jambi, Mark Waren for the baseball players was subpoenaed yesterday. It testified before congressional committee visiting the sports awards policy. I got Jose's book right here. I read 22 pages. Still sitting there. Kurt Schilling, Sammy Sosa, Rafael Palmer, or Frank Thomas also was a community of a pair of the Mar 17 hearing of the House Government Reform Committee along with the players association hit Donald Fierre, baseball executive vice president, Rob Manfred and Sandy Olverson and San Diego General Manager Kevin Towers can say co-faire and Manfred had agreed to testify. Manfred will speak on behalf of baseball commissioner, but light. The remaining witnesses, however, made a clear read of by slightly rejecting the invitation to testify by ignoring our repeated attempts to contact them. They had no attempt of repairing for the committee committee chairman representative Tom Davis and representative Henry Wachman, ranking them credit and statement. The committee will conduct a thoroughfare and responsible investigation. It's important for the American people to know the facts on baseball's steroids scandal. Do we care? Absolutely not. No, not. No, Roger. No, Roger. No, Roger. No, Roger. On 5.60. On a M. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments? A tribal sovereignty means that. It's sovereign. I mean, you're a, you're a, you've been given sovereignty and you're, you're, you're as a sovereign entity. And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities. The King of Islam, the Christian's father, the way you're going to follow the government, the Bible's father. The King of Islam, the Christian's father, the way you're going to follow the government, the Christian's father, the way you're going to follow the government, the way you're going to follow the government, the way you're going to follow the government, the way you're going to follow the government, the way you're going to follow the government, the way you're moving forward with your lines... The title of the protection is the liberation practices, We love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, oh, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a good day, we love you, they're gonna be great, I am a Goodiders, we happily come here, I'm an old lady, I'm sounding shit, so he has to bite his head like he already like that, he will just teach him what to say, he gave me my girlfriend he will told him he was not enough to give away, no health no health, I'm ashamed, I'm hanged on him, take care, I am hungry, I am forever alive, here comes my love, there will be no need, the bad guy needs to change that things, there will be no need, the bad guy needs something else, I'll walk from close to my heart, I will give the bad guy, that y'all may have found it too, yes, I at least execute it cause it's so bad I'm happy that everything has been right and .....bud, I am