He almost went to his knees and he beat him by ten lengths in the pre-gmas. And with that, we move on to slot machines and other things. Good morning. Kathy Willis says you can go to your knees and still be a winner. Kathy Willis, I haven't heard that name in a long long time. Well, we're living in the past. Yes, we are. We're living by your favorite South Florida business that no longer exists before we go on, speaking of South Florida people, Gary Cohen, haven't telling George every day for like a week now. Remind me to say to Hank, Gary Cohen, remember Gary Cohen the Jockey? Gary Cohen. No. It's called her. I really don't. Then he became a Jockey's agent. Yeah. And then there's a David Cohen, California. Yeah, David Cohen, I know who he was. He was going to ask you if they were related, but since you don't. So Gary Cohen is probably, I don't know, I have to find that. And then of course, there's his Spanish brother, Marty Cohen. I know this about the Cohen who's writing in Los Angeles. I'm Southern California. I usually don't bet him. I think he's had two wins on this current. Yeah, Hollywood meat. Well, there's no Tyler Bayes. Anyway, I've got a story that you can relate to. Yes, the headline is Tiger gets a root canal, but it's not about golf. Yeah. Many dentists have a difficult time performing root canals on scared humans. So it's no surprise that a root canal is a 600 pound Bengal tiger required three dentists in oil surge in veterinarian and lots of courage. A 15 year old tiger noticed Kubi traveled from an Oregon preservation center to Lodai, California for the procedure as the arbor peck clinic, which is handle similar operations and other big animals. It has teeth as long as human fingers and generates about 10,000 pounds of job pressure with each bite, even fat boy can't do that. No. That powers especially daunting considering Kubi had a toothache. So they relied on anesthesia and harder in skill Saturday to make sure the big head got the proper care. They got everything out and they feel so much better after they get their teeth fixed and the owner. They talked to a lot of people. They said a root canal, so I thought it would be right up there. Yeah, I would opt to ask Dr. Lane if he liked to perform that on a tiger. Yeah, probably only one of the place golf. You never know what those things went that anesthesia is going to wear off. Yeah. Oh, I got a great story for you about that. Back in the early 70s when I lived in Detroit. Yeah. So I had, I had like a whole bunch of crafts and crowns put on. And of course, you know, they fired your teeth down to like some of them anyway. Like the front two teeth, they found out like a nub almost. And I had to go in like for several different sessions because it was just too big of a job for one day. And I had this great old Jewish dentist in Detroit. He's about 100 years old and he only worked like part time and he would come in and he would give me the shot in the morning and then I'd about a couple hours later he'd say, we know I realize it's probably going to start to wear off right now. But let's just see if we can't finish by lunch today without the giving any more anesthetic. Oh, yeah, it's really good. Yeah, really good. I remember when the MGM, the old MGM, which is now Bally's, yes, downstairs were the shops, are they had a lion, a live lion. And they'd let people go in there and take pictures with them. And he was so heavily tranquilized, you know, that he was slept all the time. And I remember Bob Sheridan, sure. Well, Bob and I were there and Bob and another guy went down there and they had their picture taken with the lion. And the lion started to stir and those guys get out of there in our house. Yeah. In fact, Pete Axel once did a thing on ESPN when he was picking football games, standing next to that lion and he was doing a gimmicky thing where he was going to pick the lions. And in the middle of it, the lion, yon and Pete was, you could see. Oh, he did. He did. He didn't hit him in the mouth. He did. But you could go to do something like that with animals and big is probably better to go to the parrots in the chopper canny and only. That's a little bit safer than the lion's. That was a secret in the rowing. Yeah, that's right. Those were, that was a tiger that got. So what's your favorite childhood of business that doesn't exist no more? Restaurant or a store? Hmm. It's a good question. Yeah, well, that's our poll today. I think about that one. But there were a lot of places around 70 nice to you. We were talking about that a couple of days ago. Yeah, I'm interested in a junior in the Prince Hamlet. Paced for steak. Is that closed? Yes. I'm excited to hear this morning. I wonder if I was closed. You sure it's closed all right. Long gone. Okay. The reason I say that is because I only ate their ones. That was the one on 79th street. Right. And only ate their ones in a food was fine. But when you walked in there, it had the atmosphere of a bar mitzvahol. On other words, it was just this big wide open place with these big long tables in here. It looked like a banquet hall as opposed to a restaurant. I'm saying what it was. It was like a union hall late at night. Yeah. They had some characters in there. Hmm. But well, they have some characters that run away 84. But thank goodness, they're still in business and all that. That's right. We let them a lot. Yeah, love that place. You ever want to eat that runway 84 by the way. Talk to our mutual friend, the paramitual friend Derek. I hope you. I can hook you up there. I'm serious. I know I have to know. You're not in the air. Do you? Yep. You're in the place where the food see it's very unusual. You have a place where the food is excellent and they give you enormous amounts of food. Not that we need that. But how about the famous? Yeah, that was the first one I wrote down. That place was a historic, that should have been preserved as a historical place. Yeah, the worst thing of all was when they tried to reopen it. I just went to M.D. Yeah. I've never tried it. That's sort of a big, big daddy. You've never big daddy from the higher place on Lincoln Roadmont. Big daddy nap was his name. That's right. Well anyway, they reopened it in a pink palacer in Danyu, which I figured what that building was by Danyu Highlight over there. And they invited me. They, uh, we became a sponsor. I remember what year this was. But, uh, it's many years after they were close to the original one and they invited me for lunch. And I go over there and have lunch with big daddy in his wife and come to find out that they're both diabetic. She was on the verge. I think she had an appointment to have one leg amputated at the time. We had, we had our lunch today, both ordered like a chocolate egg cream, you know. And I can, I can remember very vividly, then both pouring the chocolate syrup into the glass. And I'm thinking, and I didn't know nearly as much about diabetes then as I do now. Because I didn't know I, I wasn't diabetic at that point. And this is, with his can of Hershey syrup, four kids into this. Oh, so, well, they felt like me a father impending, uh, amputated. Oh, so, yeah. Yeah. I've got a place for you. That was a tremendous place and it's day for concerts. The Hollywood sportatorium. Hollywood sportatorium. Get that on at least, Josh. That's, uh, that was infamous because I was only one way to get there. And it was at two lane. Back in the day, when it was a two lane road, I saw Elvis there. Did it? Yep. When he was alive, I'll be damned. Yep. He weighed about 900 pounds at the time. Yeah. I'm not going to bat the eating chocolate syrup. You can always tell when guys have hit the end of the line. For example, like Smokey Robinson, uh, the middle of the month, is going to be at the Fallsview casino and I'm going to fall. Yes. Which is a beautiful place. But when you hit the, when you're a big name on her team, or you hit places like the Fallsview casino, you know, you're like pretty close to the end of the line, Smokey. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. You haven't looked at good these days. No, right. He probably just, the past is now. In fact, the other day, yesterday, the handheld work on for a second of an interview. All for deep throat, for deep throat. And, uh, he doesn't look a day over 100. Maybe two or three days, but he looks much over 100. And man, he is just, uh, and it's all about it's about morality, which people don't know anything about today. It was all about morality. He didn't do right thing. Which of course he did do the right thing, but nevertheless, who is Hell's Holdbrook, who is an all the president's men, I don't think it was about morality. Yeah. You. Well, I don't know, maybe in part revenge, but at any rate, you see, you can't really question the motivation because in the long run, it was the right thing to do. It was. Yeah. I think quarter date had anything to do with morality. It was just a bunch of guys. It's, what you got today. Yeah, it's really dumb. Guys, of course the fact that most of them were from South Florida, that speaks for itself. Yeah, that speaks for itself. Oh, gosh. So the, uh, was it so far, had the most votes on our pool, which I'm sure you'll be fascinated, bring a little trip down memory lane before you go. Yeah. Six flags at Lannis. Burton Jax, which isn't that far back, but of course, once 9-11 came, that was you into them. Yeah. Hey, Birk it into a hairpiece, sweetheart. Big boy club. Oh, boy boy club was great. Tyros World. Wolfies. Yeah. Highly of Park. Yeah. Sambo's, the studio, gold triangle, Jordan Marsh, Hemingways, and Hollywood. Jordan Marsh. Yeah, I love Jordan Marsh. Yeah. Jeffersons, juniors, the famous, New York State cast, Dilly Den, the toast, member Toby and the toast, sure. This can count. A girlfriend, Ken Maldon. Yeah. Pick a low as on South Beach, the turf pub on South Beach. Prince Hanlip, that was, I never got to eat there, but everybody's ready to buy. The turf pub is still there. It is. I think it is. Get out of here. I'm not kidding. Okay. We'll do some investigative work. White Mountain ice cream, which I'm sure you never had because it was in plantation. And the fountain shops and was there about five minutes. It was great. Rocky Grotsy andies, member 135th in Biscan. I do. And the Bill of Dilly. Rest in peace. What was the place on 160? There are, yeah, 163th Street, the dog intestine there. And they moved to Halpernix. No, not pumpkin mix. The place that moved to Pembroke Pines. Oh, quirky. Scorpius. That was a very... Well, they still around. They're in Tamarack. Yeah. But they used to be, they're long gone from a hundred. Oh, the famous one was on 163rd. Well, you knew that was the end of that neighborhood when quirky's. I've always said that was the delineating point for North Miami Beach. Because when quirky's vanished from that spot, that was the end. It was one thing when Wolfies left over there by word the Pines was to. Yeah. But when quirky's moved out of there, that was the end. That place was always packed. I mean, just jam packed. I'll tell you what's going. It's not that recent. It was recently, right? Mineros. Oh, Mineros was very, very good. That's gone. Gone. Better get that out of the list, Josh. Mineros. And they, any R.O. Mineros was good. And the hell in the hell. Yeah. We should go there from Gulf Stream all the time. So what they used to have that was great. They had the big blue cheese salad. Yeah. That was a hell of a call. And the Oregon Zola said, right, that was a whole meal in itself. That was a great place. Well, I was at the UNI or so, it's that to talk about food. Yeah, well, when you get to be this big, you must have eaten one or two meals in your time. Yes. Just like my trip to Rome, boy. That food is just there's nothing like in the world. I don't care what anybody tells you. Well, trans day. Got a big trench coming up. I was trying to get your mind off of that underweather things. There's a lot of pressure. I have a feeling if the trend isn't really solid. If it isn't rock solid, you're going to be some middle level management people looking for work by the end of the week. Well, almost is the end of the week. Well, I'll be thinking, Oregon Zola's salad all day. There you go. And I'll be thinking, Hagen does, but I'm not ice cream. Oh. And the good news for you is you can't find it in South Florida. I don't think so. See, that's one of the worst things about Canada is that even the throttle that noted for great food restaurants here now, that many really good ones. But when it comes to ice cream, candy and crap, man, your head's in shoulders above the state. I mean, they got more different kinds of candy bars and ice cream and said, just just crap, just what I need. You know, to keep me running the edge. Well, listen, have a great day. And I'll say a prayer for all of us. There in the candy. And you'll be tuned in at 11.30. You'll be on the edge of your seat. I will be that. Well, I'll pray for you. My thanks. See you. Have a good day. See you here. I ain't never said to. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. C'mon, go go, Saintagues. It's me, bye. The boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys are always the boys are always the boys are always the boys are the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the girls they're always, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, party side stand on with the boys, they're always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the Boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys are always the boys, the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, the boys are always the boys, both, the girls are always the boys, the boys are always the boysie Be sure and tune on ratings day because old uncle Leo gives you all the numbers. We're just gonna make up a bunch of numbers All right, that's what I've said that we're number one dammit because at least right now We can still say they come back to what before this morning at 11 30. It's speaking of numbers We got some bad numbers from our wack again. Can you believe that? Just when we've been told that everything is going along swimmingly well, oh, we're fine. Oh, yeah, dolls We go again every time we do this with a restaurant stals comes up and thoughts watch very very good with like Cheese on the seat, you know all the cheese on your check In fact, they should have called that place tucky cheese because everything had cheese on it Even the waitresses had cheese. Well, now that was I guess it will be as waitresses fit Sheets and told you man suicide car bomb kills 20 in a rack Three suicide car bombs killed at least 20 people and wounded 53 in a rack this morning One attack targeted body guards for deputy prime minister one targeted US diplomatic convo and a third attack killed a political leader in Vakuba Police and government officials said that wasn't Cuba. It was Vakuba I see Oh, and because we're having such a difficult time recruiting anybody to sign up for the army or any of the armed forces because nobody wants to be human sacrifice in Iraq An army sergeant from Ohio who was wounded in Iraq and wanted to remain in the military as an openly gay soldier was officially discharged this week according to an advocacy group Sergeant Robert Stout 23 was awarded the Purple Heart Effort grenade sent Schrappnell knew his arm face and legs while he was using a machine gun on a humvee on May in May 2004 Stout of Udica in central Ohio that's Udica Ohio was opposed to Udica in the York UC who told the AP and April lady wanted to remain in the military and be openly gay But That would conflict with the Pentagon's don't act don't tell policy Aaron Belkin directed the center for the study of social minorities in military at the University of California Santa Barbara Said Sergeant Robert Scott told me was due back in the US on Tuesday the day of his charge meeting two days ago I know a ton of gay men that would be more than willing to stay in the army if they could just be open Stout said in April He said it was openly gay amongst most of his 26 member platoon part of the 9th engineer Battalion based in Germany Like you know in Germany, man. There's like everybody is no, huh? They ain't a wide-eyed Idiot odds But you're a piece of that even the heroes are gay Army officials at the Pentagon could not immediately confirm that his charge The army to cut careful I wonder if it was an The army to climb the command early around the case. I'm going to say that soldiers just charge under don't act Don't tell typically receive honorable This charge Always an act great. He was wounded and he put his wife on the line for his country, but he's of course you fair alone, so don't need you What do I do with the result from yesterday's pool? Don't I have that my pile somewhere? I just the Toshnet all was yesterday's pool. I forgot I Forgot I touched it outside dude. Jacks No, it wasn't whether you talking about it was about what it was it It was about the biggest ripple hold the rip off for you are man. They be hiding I do have that thing I don't know that's not it I bet you're a tossed it How to how could I do that? Well, good nobody really cares anyway. They're all waiting for today's pool. At least I was I mean, who gives a ranch answer about That other thing or here it is. Okay Well, what's appointed taking one if you're not giving the result, okay? It was very funny. It's just hanging on the edge of their seats. I take our lives around this stuff And the reason it's 1014, but I'll get to the break we got no spots today. I School and that sales department back there. They're doing it guys. You are doing it. Especially Berkeley She's cold calling shrinks today Because she knows the numbers are coming up Hey, the biggest ripple off today gas prices to have a 92 weight over 60 number votes medical insurance 303 prescription drug prices 235 they're a killer and the prices two Stadium concessions 127 car insurance 98 credit card companies 96 with that special APR 28.9% whatever that is Hospital treatment 72 real estate 48 taxes 46 college tuition 43 bottle water 36 Florida lottery 33 that moved up there nicely Turnpike tolls 26 flood insurance 20 times share 17 the QAM online auction 15 Pyramid schemes 14 and paying to see the revenge of the Schmidt nine I don't know I don't think the audience Let me do the pull on that thing. It was kind of like men's amended the time Yeah, but most people hadn't seen it. It's incredible slow But they know he'd had quite as much as you did while it's hoped They were smart enough to listen to us and just not go see it would be even a Sport 215 16 R Dave Thanks to Mr. Me and Tyler Because of Mr. Fulver, they were coming to They got me the fall of the ones that flew And Fulver made it to And now we're about to Oh The carried Oh Oh Oh Oh What is the one that hit me to with the Bump on his feet? The other is the brothers, they are the three What the whole way The other way The other way Like crazy Wonder if one of them's blood Which just fall to act to The better it will be bigger than you Wonder who they get to Now that we get down to Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I realize it's a little bit dated now But it's kind of pointless for them to go through all the trouble of doing a bit and then I'm not playing it Plus I like it anyway, that'd be shameful It's cute 21 past 10 at five, 60 WQA and we got the guilty for Mothers Act to know the All night to your resort, your resort to your days off and well deserved I guess or not And guilty on to the four mad dog of the Beyond as always he's just rock solid Order 6 30 and then we got Marlins on deck Don't tell me the Marlins actually lost a game last night in Pittsburgh Yeah, 9 to 1 Oh my god, they got pounded man, they got whipped They got horse whipped They got shellacked So they just can't beat the pirates so Josh told us yesterday that which I was nowhere Not that I really care but anyway they lost all their games against Pittsburgh last year And they still haven't beat him this year Right They lost the first three of a four game serious so they're going to try to like salvage the getaway game And It's pretty depressing and we Marlins on deck is a still the game in Pittsburgh at ABC XYZ apart at several five at a K Follows the game he of course always is rock solid He's there man. He's got the scores. He's got the eyes. He's got the end. The out the ups and the downs With her once you'll let the hand say it or decide right away, Brian, Jennifer will banks Please don't contest to a felony counter making a false statement this morning Just short time ago, it's matter, fact and they shoot around TV and her eyes were elected Half an hour per head I'm truly sorry for my actions and I just want to think when at County and a city of Duluth They crying will banks sit in court Isn't that something she was crying? Yeah, she was in tears Oh my god That was her Oh no There's why a battle or sentenced her to two years probation 120 hours A community service contingency mental health treatment pay the sheriff's office 2550 bucks The fellow a charge grade a maximum sentence of five years in a slamer as though the charge was a misdemeanor As part of the plea deal if she successfully completes probation the felony will be a raise from a record She done everything we could ask of her will banks attorney who liviest star teens said before sensing she's accepted responsibility Her fiance John Mason Who she was her married April 30 Not third man, lavish her morning was whether she arrived at Bennett County Courthouse Will banks were wearing black outfit and running shoes She could have faced up to six years in prison if connected about charges while southern grand and fine She could also be in order to reimburse authorities to the cost of the search which has been touted more than 50 grand On two days she agreed to pay over 13 grand of the city of Duluth She helped pay for the overtime costs the city incurred searching for her she needs to be horse whipped And that's great about the the the weren't those two people that she made up they didn't exist at all They don't ever anywhere they just didn't exist you took a bus to Vegas and then another bus to Albuquerque She initially claims she was abducted and sexually assaulted the later we candid and since he fled because of unsatisfied personal issues Before the high profile wedding unspecified personal issues That always kind of like raises the people who are red flat fair flags in my mind, you know Okay, here's today's pool. Here's the real good stuff we got going. I like this a lot. I know some of you out there All you guys you old guys you're living in a past well guess what even when you were young punk you're still like you know reminisce about places that were so great I need there no mulling on yeah, like the soda shop up the corner on the end. I always used to seem like it was in a drugstore not always but very often Hmm like the one on red bird bird road whatever it is red bird red bird red bird whatever that places red and bird Alice Alice drugs on red and bird in the cables You'll actually it's not it's a lot of people to pay cables Is that the growth that's the border of the cables? Whatever the hell it is who cares who gives a flying leap anyway there it is. It's Alan's drugs. There was an Alan's drugs on Grabber for having when he's lancing when I went to Michigan state and they had the same kind of a setup there. They had a big soda fountain You know and also there was cutting hand drugs in Detroit and Michigan was very big. What does that have to do with anything? I don't know oh they had some good stuff in there. Those are the days. I know what sounds really corny But you go in there and they make a burger fresh on the grill, you know? It's just tasted different from all the stuff you get today. Although we do love everybody that makes burgers today We love every anybody that's in business. We love you profusely. Oh, God. We love you. Do you believe us? Yeah, that's what's your soft Florida favorite business that no longer exists. We got a couple hundred votes Six bags at land is 28 Burton jacks 23 the playboy club 21. I was in three different locations and now it's gone Do we add the ones that the Hank was talking about? I don't see them on here. Hey, hey, tell me those again What's what tell what you do? Were you putting stories on there while we were there? I was busy doing one Oh, who do you do or work? Computer work? Sure. Okay, whatever you say. I'll place the place for steak was an A place for steak or about place for steak. Was it like the odd on them? You know, I mentioned TV photo show this morning. I mean even heard of it. I think it was the place for steak and then Was it one the hell and they'll beans with an M? Have you got any weights? No. No, for crying. You mean you were paying any attention? What? Do you and hey talking? Oh my God. We were talking about the poll about it's topical. That's right. And touch with what we're doing today for Christ six. Yeah, you were talking about old places that never heard of me. Oh, get out of here. You were talking about every place on this list you've phony baloney. Anyway, what is it? It was rather the tip of my tongue. Moneroes. Moneroes. Moneroes. M. A. Any year are old. Pocked to be as Moneroes. That was great. What I had to be a salad we were talking about. The Gorgonzola dressing. Oh, God with it. And a huge like in a tub like in a bathtub. Man, it was good. And they're gone. You got those now? Damn it. I'll take a book on 21 Paris World 20. Highly of part 17. All those flamingos man. Those were just that was a beautiful place till John Bernoulli is turned it into a toilet. San Bo 16. Wolfies 13. Jordan Marshall 11. The studio nine. Poor Freddy. That was that may have been the best restaurant I ever rated. The South Florida was the studio. And many, many a meal there. Gold triangle seven. Hending waste six. Jefferson's five. The famous five. Famous is only got five. I guess only old Jews remember that. Like me and Hank. But you remember the famous don't you? The famous one. Junior is four. This came 10. Oh club three. New York State House three. Deli then two. And Hollywood. The toast two. House Toby doing in mom. Toby and mom. Dolls one. Pick a lo as one. Turb problem. We got to find out if the Turb publishes a lot for tonight. Prince Hamlet one. And none yet for white mountain ice cream. Rocky Grotsy and he's or Philadelphia. Rocky Grotsy and he's was damn good. Probably most you don't remember it. And then it turned into like I think a sea chandelier. Something like that. 130-15. This game. What about the Hungarian charters? That's still there. It's in the same hood. Hungry in restaurant. Hungry in charters? See. Well, I'm gonna find out first of it. Still there. I don't want to have to remove stuff from the pool. Yeah. Because then it gets to be early but too much like work. Oh the button on the beach. Thanks for the button on. We forget what? The slot in button. The button on the beach which I was talking to yesterday toward the end of the show about what the guy's name was. We just died a few months ago and you forgot. I don't know what it is. I still remember. Short kind of chubby guy. He was great. Everybody knew him. He was like the life of a party in Fort Loverdale Beach. What is wrong with you? 28 after 10 is 5, 60 WQAM. Two. Another producer of T2 and T3 and the writer of ID4 and the skin color made of NI2 and the set designer of ADP and the Gaffer from MIB2. The caterers from AI and LXQ and E2. Before the general rental company from CSI even more, you know, where everything is not what everything seems that it is. This summer, we have to fill yourself up to the beach. I will fill you up to the beach. I will fill you up to the beach. I will fill you up to the beach. I will fill you up to the beach. I will fill you up to the beach. Two. The barghts and the lift knob. Ready to meet. 13. Yeah, I will bring. I knew it was there. In the midst of all this whole balloon, our history about the ratings come up in an hour. I never we never got to the beach in Kyrndon. Really? Yes. She deserves a better introduction than that. We got another 50. That is one of your all time better picks. We got another batch of pictures of her. Wow. What is a big picture? That is really special. Some blonde, but they are too pictures. That is one of the all time award winners. Just wait till tomorrow. Did I read them? I just read them. I just read them. I am just depressed. The development of the village. What kind of a bunch of crazy glam we got. What is wrong with you people? Your taste must be in your touch. God. Can't believe that. And what we just asked about that the other day. We got the bad news that had been closed for six years. That is really bad. It goes to show you a man. If people are moving to town and drove everybody else out. They have no taste whatsoever. It is just the way it is. All this spice sample that used to be used to have a table with Alan Birch name on it. It was a spice sample. I was one of his sponsors. And I believe also want to mine for a while too. Yes it was. That is gone. Okay. Oh and now we are going to do the chart. It is gone. It was a great place. Oh great. No. That is a guy. I think it was a good one. The button on the beach. Take a day. Do we have the button on the beach? The button south. We put on the button south. That is good. That is a spice sample. And for a lot of it it was a very good restaurant. I don't know. I don't know. Alan Birch gave their money. He had his name on the tag. I don't know. I did for a little while at the emelting pot. Remember the one in North? We don't want to go into the river. Yeah. Yeah. I was great place. It is a great place. But when we went to Hibble. Roodies hamburgers says, Paral Pines for a hooters is now. We talked about the burger places. We talked about Roodies. We get Roodies on there. That was too good for South Florida. That may have been along with Warville. We didn't put that on or not. Nobody knows what that is. But Roodies is definitely got to be on. That was fabulous. I could get your go for War of those. Oh. Now what was big facts? You see burgers are the ones I was talking about. The piece to make kind of grill the most common in the places. Man. Roodies. That was. And they also had great onion rings to it, Roodies. You could assemble it yourself to the first. Oh man. And they hungarian charter. We can put on. I think they spelled it wrong. I believe it was. I'm not really sure now that I look at this. But I didn't put the H-A-R-D-A. That's how they spelled it. I'm sure that's wrong. On your own charter. There was also on this game up around at 120-25-35 in that area. But about those pizza joints they used to be there in North Miami or North Miami Beach, like Mary or the Baker. Well, we'll have to find out. See, that's what happens when you're not in town. You're out of touch, of course even if I were in town, would I be. And I'd say it would also be badly. Not that it belongs on the pole because they still are all around, obviously. But the bastard Robbins drive to one there on 163. How many tons do I talk about that place? About 30 minutes. Many of the day after a really rough show of boys, especially at Iod, I'd hop off on a 163. I'd get right off the highway there, you know? I wasn't really that far. It's just a few blocks. I wasn't that far from quirky either that I hadn't been talking about. Now you talk about not knowing these places. You certainly ate at corkies. Sure, corkies. And you've had your talk real nice about them because every now and then they send us in a nice, right, who'll wish and slice brisket and those great little potato pancakes. Oh, God, the whole courties man. What happened to this man? There's no role. There's those names. What? There's still in Pembroke. I mean, there's still around here. That was easy. Maybe not one or three weeks. Nor three weeks. Just, I remember he used to be. Yeah. WQAM hello. Neo. Yes sir. I got a great one for your pole, but a first one asked your radio question. Yeah. I was in Detroit and Toronto over the last weekend. Uh-huh. And I was listening to these radio stations they called. Especially the one that's right. I think it's called Jack FM. Right. And they got one of the choice called. Dog FM. Right. Is that like anything around here? No. No. It's just another one. There's a, you know, cardboard cutout formats. You know, it was cookie cutter formats that they put on 80's city and stations all over the country. And then it lasted about six months. And then if they disappeared, then it's something else. They got to actually be answered that he rolled a time. I kind of liked it. Maybe for six months. I'd like it. But anyway. I think they got Jola FM is coming pretty soon. Yeah. And I understand the reason why you're living in Toronto. It's really nice. I see. Oh, what a great place. This is, by the way, a sunny and going to be 80 today is beautiful. No. Well, now is there. It was sunny and 7. Really enjoyed it. Good. Uh, might seem for the poll is the Amadela cafe. Oh, they're not gone. They're like, you know, they just moved during the pizza loft place of every day. No, they're gone. They're gone. They are gone. I went there like three months ago. The Amadela cafe is gone. Are you? Oh, my. I am. I don't know if they have to make this all over the door. They do. I would be ready. Yeah. Probably not a good idea. I'll say these buffet and their footsteps, you know. Yeah. Well, so worst news I've ever heard in my life. Okay, thanks for the bad news, Pally. Yeah. And I'll see you at the CN Tower right up on the top. Thanks a lot. 5.6. How do you, can I, would we need to verify that? I mean, I could prove it. There's, there's one in Fort Waterdale. So. Go, what do you mean by that? That would be the one we're talking about. All right. Well, that's what I know. It's technically David. I mean, you know, David in Fort Waterdale on a Google. They're not going to like separate it. You know what I'm saying? Just because you Google, it doesn't make this last guy full of crap. Although, you know, being one of our colors, he easily could be, well, I'm sure we'll get some plenty of verification that they would be said. They had, you know what they had that was the very best. All their food was great. They used to be in David on David Road extension. I give up what they had in that real rednecky. Looking place where you could double-front your horse. But they had that, what's that stuff for dessert? Or they had a dollar, or it, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not even chocolate, where they like him. It's like the French Indian soup and they in a crock only. It's dessert thing. But they call it. But my mind is not working well at all today. Must be thinking too much about food or vacation. Oh, creme de laie. Oh, you know, and they bake it in the oven. So that the top is like crusty, and all the little black, but the, Oh, you know, the baked, the baked, I like the top and the bathroom full of that. When it comes to a container, you'll ride your new one. I've got some pebble-like bodywash. Who's from your plastic container? The Rogers is my lover. What congratulations? Can I ride? 160, and four would it even? I'm here, and you're dead. I didn't find a phrase. The drive and a ride with your pants down in a radio land is a limit. Boy, that meal over there would they show any feet. He's a caution, ain't he? Yeah. You'll always have to go to the toy and, well, I'm laying down the law once and for all. From just 0,000, I don't bet. They get paid by the toy. If they go to capitalized, I might put dintake in. And if they get sick, I might have a piece of the action, see? It's like, figure it out to your soul. It was the way it was. It's using, I heard in the middle of a show here, Greg. Oh, with little wonderful show, it is. Why just wanted you to know that payroll has authorized payments by the door with these. There is some each brief statement. Yeah. It was every door. You get it entirely. You get it entirely. It's one from King Corn. No, it's a wonderful value. It'll rally coupons. No, it wouldn't be. We couldn't get those. You know, my uncle collected, rally two pounds is entirely alive. And what are you going to do? And I are in love. No. There's a math and location to each redemption center in the back of these books. Okay? As you know, excuse me for a moment. I'm going to put my fist through the wall. Oh, my guess. Yeah. I'm here to sit around. How? Well, you'll be. Here we are. May I send each brief statement? Don't you send it? You got to read out loud. You know, it didn't like the cartoon. It helps to choose. That thing is no sign. According to the map, this was made of place. Just place, it got to be a mystery. And how many years might that be? You have to say it began to be. You have to say it began to be. I don't know where it is. It began to be. Yeah, that's not to waste. You go waste. If anybody's in it. You got these brief statements. I don't want to get them. Can't be no. Anybody home? Anybody in there? You know who I am? I can't. Please. Please. Of course, I'm going to collect stories. See if anybody's inside. No, no. Close. Close. Close. I can't. No. I can't believe you. I don't know what I'm going to do. I got to do this for you. We're going to have spots after the old year. I'm pretty soon. You want to know why? I give up why. Burpees, called calling all the businesses on our opponent. All right. Special rate for that. 19 year old resident was shot in killed early this morning as he said talking with one or two friends in a street in West Palm Beach. The murder of Rotimi Barley, a 45th street in the city, occurred around 145 this morning. On the 42nd block of Pinewood Avenue, while he was standing in the street talking with one or two friends, police said, if they could say somebody on foot approached the group fired a single shot, the hit Barley and then fled. Barley collapsed in the street with soon right to St. Mary's medical center where he was pronounced dead. A motor for the shooting was not immediately known, but police had a small bag of a period of meat drugs was found in the street nearby after the shooting, but they said they didn't know who they belonged to or what they were. Maybe they would have a lost in farm camping. Anybody who belongs to these drugs, please come and get them. It also anyone would information on Barley or the shooting that should call West Palm Beach police detective Donald Iman. You know the Iman? Yeah. Donald Iman. 561, 82266, 856, 1822, 166, because eventually what kind of drugs they were? It says they don't know. Oh, I guess it's part of the ID process. You know what? I get an out of money to start off. Here's for the poll. Nathan's a hot dog. So get out of here. Nathan's is not a business. What is wrong with you? Nathan's is in every shopping mall or in the saw grass. Nathan's is all over the place. They're even in the turn-pipe pool. Pulled plas of places. I said it to you anyway, but the grand pre-racer Ronald first they moved and they changed their name. That doesn't really count. Right. St. Huberch Chicken. I don't think they're right. I don't know. I think that Neba is, oh, I'm a corner sunrise in Federal Highway. Neba's roast beat. That was from Buffalo. Neba's, any BA got it? Got it. It's from, who is this from? From Deborah and Miami. Thanks Deborah. Castle Park. What is that? We've know what that is. It was. Nope. Well, I don't know. Put that on and make it. We're happy. Castle Park. Because Nathan's is obviously a... Let's see. Here's a steak place on St. Marys Bollard. In your coastal. Oh, what was that place? I don't know. Well, that's what the one that was. It was Charlie something to come on. Charlie Tudas. No, seriously. You know what? They have unlimited sangria. I had many amelisimator. I don't know about that particular one. Charlie. Beef steak Charlie. Is that the one? I don't know. That's in Petsett. Charlie, I can think of it. No, I was beef steak Charlie. You're right. I'm limited sangria with dinner. Great. I love the good picture sangria. Especially when I was in Surrocioda, WSPB. I think 73, which is now some other piece of crap. But it was the Spanish restaurant there. There's also one in Tampa. Still around. Yeah. There used to go many afternoon and have an, of course, we had a trade out there. So it was free. The Columbia. Well, what a memory. The Columbia restaurant. We used to get the big pictures in sangria. And just to slosh our sorrows away. Here's a fact that said, and it reminded me this fact, even though they don't say, I'm going to say a team. How come we're doing all restaurants? Because we're a bunch of things we like to eat. Yes, we miss. We miss all this good food. Although I don't think we're going to eat. Teamless spaghetti house. Now, I'm pretty sure that's got to be gone. That was on in Fort Lauderdale on the federal highway just north of Skirrodee, for you ever see that teamless spaghetti house? No. No. Well, I was there a long, long time. That was there for a, by the Zilly New Year's. I'm sure it must be gone. Tinas. Also, it says the poop deck, which, of course, has gone. Somebody said, the Marlin Beach Hotel. Then we put them on the Beach Hotel on there. No, why not? Because it's a place. Marlin Beach Hotel. It needs to be on there. And also the poop deck. And it says the, the copa. I don't understand. Can you say the copa closed? No, it's still there. How do you know? Because my brother used to live over there. You're brother used to go there. Leave over in that. No. You have to get defensive about it. Just because you're brother used to hang out of the copa. Maybe you should sell dope at the copa. I don't know what, there is a make. Or maybe smoke the rope on at the copa. I don't know. It's kind of a, you're fair place. Never, it's still there. And yeah, I knew we could hold much of places that are still open. And you're not going to be a slippery nighty crap by us. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. We're on top of it. We are about as a student as a guest. We're about as sharp as a marble. Okay. So don't try like a sneak one by us. No, we found like like the armoured double cafe. Did we find out they opened clothes that thinking about it? What's the story? How are we? Well, we'll find out. I've ever shut up and taken any calls. WDQAM hello. Me or things on a lie. But how about the Sweden house? Oh, this way. The house was good. Yeah, that was all you think about the house. Yes, sir. Sweden house with a big yellow sign. You have picked it. No. Thank you. Sweden house. You're right there. It was good at long time ago though. No. There was also a Swiss restaurant on federal highway. It was a house of bus day road 84. A Swiss restaurant where they had fun to learn before there was a melting pot. This is the first place I've had fun to learn. Oh, God was at a good place. And then you're going to say, oh, the Swiss shower lay. And I'm going to say nothing. I'm going to say nothing. Nope. The Swiss shower fights. The sliders. What? What? The Swiss shower lay. I never had to pledge. Like I said, I tried to lead you away from that. And you just, you see, you just never know when to like leave it alone. What? I tried to lead you in the opposite direction. I see what I'm saying. I thought I'd help up like a big sign. It said, we're moving right along. Okay. We love the Swiss shower. Great thing. Ribs and stuff. And yeah. They're here. Isn't that a factor all over Toronto? The Swiss shower lay. So next time you come up, you might want to stop and eat there. Or maybe Ruth Chris. I'll leave the choice up to you. WQAM. Hello. Me, I got something for your poll. Okay. The castaways. Oh, the castaways. Ben, it was a landmark. Man, did I love that place? Those are the days that the castaways, a 180 and a hundred and a what, 25, 35, something like that. Yeah, I love that place. You should get drunk there every weekend. I would do it today. Okay. I would do it. Obviously, she's still not missing any. The castaways, one of the famous restaurants, Don't you remember the castaways? That I did. When I picked yellow sign, it was a landmark. Well, I've said you saw Florida used to really be something. It used to be a fun place. It used to be light opens. It would put spring break on there. We didn't even put that on there from yesterday. Why not? Okay. Well, we're waiting till the day. You know, we'd see we cheated yesterday and we're at the audience to stick a bunch of stuff. But that was good. That was good. It was a good start today. That's why we didn't have as many votes as usual. It had tough choice. Or maybe their favorite is non-re-yet. Don't forget, Berkeley's going to be cold calling these accounts. So we're going to hear a lot of spots for it. In fact, that's a good idea. And these like today when we don't have as many spots as usual, we'll just do spots for places that aren't in business in the city. Or maybe if I do a really good enough job, we can like to create enough interest that they'll open again. They were the famous on Washington Avenue. And I believe about six street was that at six in Washington Avenue? Oh, boy, was that a place? Oh, what a big, the big tubs of moths of balls and big tubs of crap off. And they were bringing the soup with the noodles. And then you put your own balls in there. You can't, we're also going to do that. WDQA and hello. No, hold on, we'll take you in the corner. Sure, please. Good job. Hey, that worked good, right? It's Saturday. I got to know a little list here of playlists and red drugs. Well, what's your favorite 600 places that are no longer in business? Okay. Well, first I'll go with the stores. Jackson, buy rent and Jefferson. Oh, Jackson, no, Jefferson is on her. But you really like Jackson, buy rents. I mean, no, we've got to like them. No, but the question is, what is your favorite south load of business? No, it is. The question is, how many do you take? No, no, no. Well, my mom worked there so I liked how to do that. I don't know if you liked it because she was able to feed you. Oh, God, what am I going to do? I got all these restaurants on here and I like to know that. Thank you, it's time. Give me about 500. We got ratings coming to the third. Okay, it's a good deal. Go to that too. Okay. James on the mile with like a soda. You know, something to eat. Oh, I love those places. Yeah, wish we had those now. Well, you get like a real ice cream soda. And I would not be doing anything to label. Yeah, it was cool. For lenties. Oh, for lenties. I was thinking about that before. I forgot to mention on here. That's where I had my bathroom experience and stood off the toilet. Yeah. So is it a great food though? Yeah, how did they do? It'll truly pono. I think you're part of it. No, it's my name. It was a cross from the Jockey Club. What's a good Italian place? It'll truly pono. Oh, it'll to the pono. That was a sponsor much of pono. That was a gourmet place. That was sensational. That was a P.A.N.O.L.L. Two words, T.U.L.I.P.A. And O.L. Two Le Pono. That was sensational. I was really excited not to share for R.D. You remember the D.P.O. The train restaurant? Sure. Okay. Yeah, with the whole day that was in the South. South Miami on you and you. Marshall majors. Marshall majors. Oh, my goodness. He brings back better memories than standing. Marshall majors. I must see 100 meals there. That was in the... No, they have real thought. I didn't have real. Oh, my God was at a good place. I don't remember what the hell was especially there. But that was a good place. Yeah, I know what it was, it did. But I'm just to remember what's a big deal. But it was really great. I know that. Well, everything was pretty good, I thought. Yeah, how come we had all these good places? And now it's like, you know, all beans. Well, because... Oh, God. Yeah, we called it. Oh, but they got sick house. Yep. Is gone? The one on you, it's one is long gone. Okay, I'm sure they're also... Oh, and also Mario, the baker is up in Broward. Oh, it's on the University of North America. Yes, yes. The Moksins? Oh, how can I forget the Moksins? That fantastic French onion soup and those crocs in a munch, I actually came and waited on you in Munch, so you had one. Yeah, they did. I guess they did. Yeah, that was a good place for me. I'm going to tell you right now. In fact, South Dade used to have so many unbelievable restaurants that they just scary now. Yeah, well, they're mostly gone. Yeah. And this was a place that had been enjoyed. It was set up for kids, the Yubbrella. It was seven, like, restaurants under one roof. Huh. And they had a video arcade and tinball machines and crap like that. And that did, man. That's my list. This is fun with it in the past, isn't it? It is, but then you miss it all. Yeah. Nothing like it now. Yeah, but by the same token, we've always, 600, probably, we've been a box right now if we're still open, so that's the good one. I have a good one. You too, man. Yeah. That was a great call. He had a whole scene. I want to have a list for the thing that's good, that's good. It's good, isn't it? Feet St. Charlie's days to have the, all you can eat, peel a peel in each shrimp and the, uh, sangry on the picture. That's what your finger is smellin' real nice. Oh, I've got a line for that to do it. Yeah. I don't know if you can be out of the pool. I don't know if you can be out of the pool. I don't know if you can be out of the pool. I don't know if you can be out of the pool. So what's my new vibe, 600? Can you weigh in yet? This is the new Roger Show. This is your grain. 5, 5, 5, 5. Any questions? Well, it comes with a free dog, other press. The only information anyone gets, is only one for my path, much to tell. Fact as I saw in the group of, I'll go, if they don't know, they don't know anything, like a plan that got flush. Well, the testimony of George, however great. If it had been, it would have been. Was it based? Any of this song really true, that we've had. But not like it in the new, I've been there. I can't hold a new one that only gets so good you'd like to play in that. That's the second question. Well, in your own real future, you will find that everything with you should, oh, try, will be true, will be true, will be true. Be in love, where it goes, will you find that everything with you should, oh, try, will be true, will you, be in love, where it goes, to learn the music. You're a fucking, you're a scholar of art, have they been pushed up to the thoughts and those praying and thoughts? I have a crush. Oh, Dolly. Well, it's 11.02 or five, 60WQM happy Thursday. Do you were just 20 even in this away, but who's counting until the trend comes out? That's going to be like February March in April. Yeah, we do this every month, you know, it's this rolling three months here and three months there, and it just never ends because we can't keep rolling long. Somebody says, Parrots World, which is in second place at the moment on our pool, right? I like their comments though. They're right. So as I miss Parrots World with the concerts, the free drugs, mosquitoes, some I knew chicks, police brutality, all of these things, is what it says. All of these screams. Also, we say, I find it telling that America is obese in the majority of nominees, and lists our restaurants, passed the jelly. And when he says jelly, I'm going to tell you about K. What jelly he had in mind, but nevertheless it's one of our people, and I'm going to tell you about it. Okay, here's what we got so far. I've got this enormous pile of stuff I might just have to save it to tomorrow, tomorrow being Friday, okay? Well, I want to get it all these, we're going to have 80 million in the places today, which is good. Have it a pull up. They can get their, sink their teeth into. What's your favorite sound photo business that no longer exists? Six flags at land is 38, six flags, pirates World 31, Burton Jackson 29, that was a really good place. Remember we had dinner with the Rana and PD Bulldozer there, a shirt, remember that night when they came to an ounce very probably that they just smith can't, Steve Nichol, they were tittering. We paid him to go away. Uh-uh, I'd great, are too happy now. Yeah. And of course, I wasn't too many months after that, and I said, see you, bye-bye, and Rana was in the office. They're tapping her foot very nervously tapping. I said, bye, Ron, I get lost, you bitch. But wait, she just got candle, but it was cheap channel. I want to rob, well, think I fired it. Uh, Burton Jackson 29, highly of park 20, with a flamingo is in the racing and the just a beautiful and a huge royal palm trees. Now, what was it, it wasn't hurricane Andrew, what the, maybe it was. I don't think so. With some other hurricane that uploaded lovers, Rob Poms, Dougher, whatever it was. Playwork Club 27, and all their various incarnations, wolfies 24, which there used to be, let's see, where there's three or four. There was wolfies on the King Road Mall, it was lucky to, the one on, uh, what to call on Zavano, further up. And then there was one in North Miami Beach, where our peaches was, which, which, then became something else. Right? I reckon. And then, of course, there was a one on Hollywood, which was a Delhi Dan and Pupernage and wolfies and Pupernage, whatever that is. Anyway, wolfies of 24, San Boz 18, Jordan Marsh 15, the studio 11, may have been the best restaurant in the history of South Florida for, you know, the book, of course I ate there for free, so my book stretched pretty far there. Hemingways 9, Golden Triangle 9, Golden Triangle 9, excuse me. The button's South 8. What was the guy's name again? Aaaaah. I know I threw it out. Great. Something. Greg Null. Okay. Dolls 7, this game, can't help 7, where am I? Good close first of the friend, Ken Maldon, used to take a really good care of me. Oh boy, those are the days, Ken. That's when, you know, that area was really, anyway, the famous 7. How can the famous have only 7 votes? Like I said, I guess all the old Jews are dead. Jefferson 6, Junior 6, New York State House 4, Marty Sussman, Big Wilson, Neil Rogers, Mineros, spelled wrong 3. That's MA in, but nevertheless, son is better spilling as well. We'll get to a little later. Uh, Delving in 3, Castle Park 2. I don't know what that is. Place for stake 2. Pick a lows 2, Philadelphia 2, the Toast 2. The Sweden House 1, Spiced Apple 1, Turpub 1, some of now. The Hank said that that's still open, left to find out on that 2. Prince Hamlet 1, none yet for spring break, the Pope deck Marlon B. Cho, Telthinis spaghetti house. Beef steak Charlie's where they had that audio can eat, teal and they teal and shrimp, and sangria in the picture. Neva's roast beefed on the Hungarian charter, which someone has spelled charter. Like I'd like with a New York accent, you know, or maybe like a New England accent charter. Okay. He's a RDA. I do like clam charter, but not Hungarian charter. Although I do like the Hungarian Gulach, like we had from our friends, remember that? Yes, I did. Sorry. I was doing it. Anyway, Rudy's don't have any of these. Why not? Nice game. Why not? Nice game to have. Because it wasn't open long enough. It's like the full two days ago on the biggest stiff athlete to play in the Florida. Mike Wilson had no votes. That's because he was on the panties for about, how many seconds? About 30 seconds. Oh yeah. Eastern Airlines. Corby. Eastern was great. I flew to a Hawaii a few times on Eastern Airlines. Well, I was a good airline. Also the loft restaurant, prospect wrote in 441 in North Lauderdale, long gone, two good for some photos is the loft restaurant. And, Art stocks, play pen and Fort Lauderdale. Now let's see, what tells the name of the movie theory that was right next door to that, where I saw the excesses, where kids were coming out and puking their guts out. They were puking green piecewifers, a matter of fact. Not sure who he was just to stump. But anyway, Art stocks, play pen. And, oh my god, that's same area. In fact, maybe like almost in the same building. Maybe that's where Art stocks play pen was. Gigi's, GIG, apostrophe, Gigi's, it's saying restaurant. It was like the red leaning tower of pizza thing, you know? Remember that? And that's before you know. I'm sure that was, oh boy, that was a good place. Moldt the bany. Not like Rome, but for soft Florida by soft Florida standards. That was outstanding. Yeah, that ill, we don't have that on the readers. See, there's just came to my mind again. How can we even put that on it? ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, just, selectively, not putting somebody's on it because you, you can spell them, you're just, let's be talking to Jack. Yeah. ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, ill, I know a little bit under the weather's law office feed probably because you ate too much of that free food in the ballpark Friday night one more time You fairie WM hello 2 am yes Potato potato yeah, that was even plays one potato to potato he's right see you think he's just making it up and then in Bokka there was three potato four You don't believe me do you but there was Craig wording and I had that was one of our sponsors. I do believe we have many amelior One potato was on sunrise Boulevard north of Federal You know, I think you make the big bend up there On a way to Ruth Chris. Yeah, as a matter of fact, it was right on a way to Ruth Chris one potato to potato Well, and that was a good place. I mean to really pick out Most of the restaurants are put on there now that are no longer business They maybe they just gave too much food to us because boy they Give huge humongous person. I'll tell you another one. Oh, yeah, places was What was it in David? What was it Jimmy January's that was a gay restaurant point. That was good. Oh, I had many many amelior Jimmy January's and then there was Any February Jimmy January's you got that Josh? I got can I scroll it for you? You're good five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon ticket of wireless line 20 minutes from now and we'll get that trend coming out And definitely walk in and they have been marching and they'll have that look on his face and George will be examining the pupils of his eyes to see if they're dilator or not And he'll have that you know even a very happy that kind of like slide look if we did okay Yeah, we'll and George either way George will say you're fairie Let's see what we've got here. It says how about for the list Yeah, how about pirates war? How would this slide's Atlanta sure The Aurora ball room in hell and they'll be 12 if you say so The ranch house. Yes, somebody mentioned that yesterday the ranch house. Let's get that on their right away Can you play my granny kids that are here for the summer the homeless voice version of really want-ka? What is that hold it was what is it? Hold this in pause? Get out of here. We got a bit called hold it homeless umpons. Yeah, it's great. Oh, yeah, we do and we can play it Yeah, say well, that's coming right up is matter fact very shortly And it's long too out like that. I see it's so for so search your highly There you go. You got it, sir. Do whatever you want. You got it from us and the prices right Well, we're gonna have this may be the biggest list you've ever had on here even when we asked the best human being whoever Across your doorstep No matter what it is there's always it's like the movie things, but this one may be the biggest mess because the good places most of them are gone That's the same part. I'm not saying that there are a few good restaurants around in fact We love all the restaurants that open for business right now. It's all right and though they'll send them my voice Even restaurants where the food blows we like them a lot just because we're friendly kind of people, you know And because our sales department are a bunch of pansies. That's why 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60. We're gonna queue him a ham sure Great shirts my Simon your house To P Rudy I stand in all day in the spirit of the youth. And the male of the baby's brain, when we tap on the window day, usually say, And the hell away, you stay. I pay! I'm not to run over me. Who are you? Who would you do? We have much to offer you. Watch your wick, she'll work for you. How about a flower from the southern yoke moon? With white justice, melon diswake. Only take a shower, when it rains. When the hot pavement smells my shoes. I use my sock to brush my toes. My wife, Anna-Koen-Koen. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Warren O' ngh tackle. Lithuanian inner borece football.ethawallahuhu. You know, I just had a great idea. Starting October, first when the launch ranges, when I do laway was in oxen and reflecting poherdipping down. Informers from the ass. People on the street corners, there, who are like standing in the median and getting your way and look really dangerous. But tech isn't rolling through this line. trem of my mind. I'm sure mine means, Steve. I heard that, but nevertheless, let me let me terminally through my mind. The sofa, when we soak in sh timber, my forehead and toe snoring up so we simply get ready. the president made a course to ensure the sand State of affairs in America. The Oprah Winfrey Show has squeezed past wheel of fortune that weekly ratings to become the top-syndicated program for the first time since the summer of 1992 in the thirteen years. Which is a very, very, very devastating commentary on American society, and an American plot culture. Oprah averaged 8-foot on household rating this week ending a May 22 pro-do a Neocomedy research up on percent from the previous week, and up 7 percent of a year ago period. Wheel dropped 2 percent from the previous week to new season low of 7.9. Wheel has been the top-syndicated churrosin for the beginning of September 19, when jeopardy was number one. That's because that goofball was on here like that's when a reason people watched it. What was his name? Ken Jenny. Okay. Dr. Filming while his usual came in second to offer in the Tasha Academy, jumping 4 percent from the previous week up to a 5.9. Can we got numbers already inside of 11 30 yet? Oh, there's Michael Jackson arriving in court. He's been a good hit. Several other talkers also saw boost including live with Regis and Kelly, the jury spring or show, the LMD Generate Show. You fairies. Among all talkers, Ellen is the showing the biggest year to year and approval of the 10 percent increase. She gives me skill keys, man. I can't stand her. Did she got any talent? Oh, she's funny. Oh, you like Ellen? As what? Like? Yeah, she's a fine example of a day. Among the entertainer, Newspapers, they have Adam on it. I'm going to tell you a little bit about that. I was just the old for and we were fortunate in which I find it extraordinarily disturbing. Maybe if they'd loosen up those machines that they would buy and we were fortunate to make a little bit of a comeback and regain some of its lost lustre. Anyway, here's some more for the pulls. There's stories. Got it. There's members there. Got it. Sure. Of course. There's was all over the place. That's right. On the quarter where the Walgreens is right now. Bobby Dam. I'll be gosh darned. TAM fields. I don't remember. I had a credit card, James, field strategist and the implicit apartments store. And here's one restaurant of course from a shully, food among the flowers. All righty. Remember that? No. It was a hell of a household kind of joint. I'll speak to that. I wonder if the unicorn is still around. I don't know. I know the original one is now. But then I know they opened the North Miami Beach in the kind of artsy, artsy place in Iran with us for a little while, remember then? I sure do. And we like them a lot, although when they used to come in with the food, well, nevertheless, you know, we're not ready. No, no, we don't want to talk about it. Oh, the black Amos. That's what it says here. The black Angus, the Amos. Right. They came to like Amos Allen. They got it burning down. It said the steak house on 441 had the big cow in front of the food. The food was right there. No, the food was not right there. Dan Dowds. And Bo Campers still got the cow in front of the university, and he died. That's the same cow. And this is the same cow. They got the, well, I mean there's no sense in leaving in front of Dan Dowds, because it's not there no more. No, the food was not right there. And that's probably why they're not there no more. Dan Dowds, the old WD, the apostropheist. You got that drive? Dan Dowds. We got it. Owl out. It stands out. And if I maybe he'd have been good there to go from Owl out. Wasn't it again, your friend, your Julio buddy? Bill Tech. Bill Tech rhymes with Schmick. Oh, yeah. Here's one that says my neighbor, a navy off assistant. He sure misses the topless domes. You have fun. South federal highway. What was that called? Just topless domes? I wrote it down. I wrote it down. I wrote it down there. Oh, our domes. So I see. I'm so sorry. And from long ago, the laundromat sliced topless bar that used to be in the serious town area. I don't know what that is. Laundromat, topless bar. But you got to have something to look at. Why do your laundry's a churn in and turn in, right? Why do your washing it? Uh, we don't know what that is. But we certainly know our donuts. That's what we did. You got to have that. The letter R, our donuts. I'm sure Justin, don't think about that. Bill and Ford Laundromat says that drunk lady coerced to my thunder once he's suggested the castaways that would have been my vote. As I lost my virginity there during the summer of 1980 and then he writes, Woo, woo, woo. I'd be like that. Never saw woo who would not like that. It's nice. Also for the pool, today. Oh, man, you're bad, Bill. That's a little shot. You idiot. He's doing the crayon pull, which we haven't put on. Yeah, that's next week. Here's one. What about are you ready to confetti? Confetti, which used to be on East Commercial Boulevard? Do we know what that is? I don't know. Yeah, it was a club and it was fun. They would drop confetti on you like all night long. So you'd have to hold your hand over your drink, basically. I'll be damned. But it was fun. That says, what about stains on the either coast? I know from Stan and Ostan Major and Marshall Major. Did we put Marshall Major's on there? Who? Come on, Marshall Major's. It was a great day. We're one of the most famous delis. I mean, it was huge. It was a sponsor. It was had many, many, many, many, many, many great meals at Marshall Major's. I love that place. Also, it says, you mentioned Rudy's before Rudy's got charred down by the health department of our member correctly. Well, we can say whatever we want because we're not around anymore. And you know something, I don't care how big the roach is for or the ranch or whatever else. Because the food was out, regiously good, man. It was sensational. It was when right around the corner when you used to go home from IOD and you go up a Viscan there to, or up to some nasty to Viscan and then make the right turn to go north. And there was, right? Remember that? Yep. With a nice drive through. Come on, let's bring Rudy's back. Yeah, let's have a skid at a petition drive. Let's get Chuck Mired. You want to then petition drives after we lower the fair on the turn pipe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, and the Verizon and Singular Rival Slaw. His morning sure would have been a gigantic kid if he wouldn't have picked on him. A lot of work waiting there. We'll learn this. Best. How many QAM? Hello. Hi, Mike. How many QAM? Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I would like to vote for K 102. Magic if they're now. And that just makes you want to go for anything else. Okay, K 102, radio station. How about she? If we're going to vote radio stations, I don't know what about she. Right? Huh? And of course, we'll have it in the world today. They could call like she, I radio. Ah, she, I. Huh? I would be good. They'll cut over wrong with that. Then we kind of fun. We have a little bit of fun. But I'm not too much fun because then, you know, right? They have C.C. Get off. Sit and join. They probably stick her fat nose in there. Her Yahoo old nose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. And they've arrived in C.C. The wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a few. Sure. We've had six minutes to the ratings come out to go right ahead. Okay. And by the way, they forgot to put a portatory in my, I don't think you read it. I don't know what's for the Tori. I'm sorry. You don't have that on there. It's still you'd a lot of hosts. People had a great time at the portatirm. A lot of concerts there, man. Okay. Yeah, I'll go ahead. Lionel play world. Lionel play world. Swanson. Swanson's ice cream parlor. That was off. You know something it's funny you mentioned that. That must be weird. I must be psychic because I was trying to think of a minute ago. I thought of Jackson's which of course is not gone. It's in Danya. And I couldn't think of the name of that. Just Swanson's ice cream parlor. It's long gone. That was good. And do you guys come to the nightclub? What is it? Do you guys? Oh, do you guys. That's where Johnny Darky's staying out of. Do you guys? And last but not least. The floor to the panther. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, listen. Hey, they're like maintenance Toronto again here today and they're doing it. Now the ESPN said get lost. Oh, there's hockey all over the place here. I mean no matter what time of the year it is. That's not it. That's goes on the left side. We've gone. We've gone. We've not done it. It's up to you. There's hockey going on all over the place. We got the high and little hockey over here. Still it helps you tie the team playoff record with its fifth straight road win. And they were in the driver seat up three games to one coming home. And you like that. There's that obnoxious, umptious Bobby Clark. Playaway, hate him. Big time. Why hate him? Oh, Bobby. You're just a good not just teeth out again. Kick it. Kick it. Old style. Lisa says, I'm one of your long time female listeners. What do you want of our, uh, about 30 minutes? We have no women listening. When I'm not in the car, I stream the show on the net of work. Well, thank God for you, Lisa. I'd like to add the button staff to listen. I thought we had that on the button. So if you forget that again and we have it. You, for you are really not on top of it today. Josh is a little off his feed. Plus he's peoed eating it like any more states from Kansas City, Stakehouse. Yeah. Says I'd like to add the buttons staff to listen. Also let's you know, Delhi then is still open. It's only moved to no location on Sterling Road between 441. I 95. Better take that off there because you already said in your right. Just because of place moved or is different ownership. We can't put it on there. You know, still in the same right. So we gotta take the Delhi then off of there, which I guess gets fat, that Eric offers fat, asking gets him a little involved. Wait, come on. They always went about, oh no. It's gonna be fun. I thought I'd have my ass out. Personnel. Hey, boys. We'll watch some of the things you said to the two. It's for you to fight, since you've been. 2 AM. 2 AM. And number one, dammit. Well, Lisa, another couple minutes anyway. I'm tired of having some people later. The sun is going to kill the two. The sun is going to kill the two. The only thing that's going to kill the two. The sun is going to kill the two. The boy, you're going to die. Resistance is what you're trying to keep up with it. Just out of the book, please go watch the occupation. I like the boys who keep up with it. So I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But the survey coverage has helped you. The only thing that's going to kill the two. The two are going to kill the two. The only thing that's going to kill the two. The boy, you're going to die. You're going to die. I'll try to be a nice place in the temple to die. I know, I know, I know. I'll try to be a nice place in the temple to die. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know ... but it would not matter if you sold a madell before, it'd work for it, and then, at Marlin's baseball stuff again,' dice up from girls. They laying for the fight with a man and asking the qu genetically. They added, it made a impact on water, .which is correct. Some of the people submit the oriental names for us, there were pages, in the comments however they wouldn't have been in the battle. They lay exams or boarding exams or our judgement. I'll be there. I guess that's David. We out there. Yeah, sure it is. We out West End Griffin Road. Keep on treating. Okay. Somebody says, please for steak, which I do believe we have on early. I say that and we should have it on there. But you haven't heard today because we got so many restaurants. Somebody out there that Josh is just overwhelmed. It's also. Well, like I said, he's an idiot. How about Kony Allen? What we just talked about that the other day? And we got that. We some guy who said that wasn't Arnie. Arnie the quadrachrachary said that his father-in-law was the owner or whatever. And it used to be really great but now they're out of business. Kony Allen, 160-thirt street. Well, very good once upon a time. And then at Kony Allen, we really filthy in it with a, oh man. And people slept going there. Well, and again, and my Gordon C. Food, that was a great place. Do you realize how many steak at a restaurant they're used to be? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But you can go to any city and that's true. You know, after a number of years ago, but soft Florida boy, it's tough. And the better your food it seems, the less it's going to succeed in many cases. Let's see. Liz says, I miss so much Howard Stern. Well, I'm sure a lot of people do Liz, but he's not a business. Not exactly. But the alley and crowgables. There you go. The alley. That sounds very familiar to me. Of course, Liz sounds like she knows her way around the alley. Let's put that on her. But that sounds often familiar to me. And what was the other restaurant speaking of two potato, one potato, that stuff? The caves. That was also a gay restaurant up in the Fort Lauderdale. The caves were the guys used to walk around in the loincloth. I never had the pleasure of the disclosure meeting in it. Somehow the idea of anybody walking around almost naked when your food is on the table. Are you kind of like, huh? Anybody? No, not really. Maybe Mark, what's his name, Mr. Granson? I cannot think he is name, fell out of the way. Well, because the Joyce don't want us to say fell, because it brings up sexual connotations. I say, and can that be felt? He looks still kind of spelled. But anyway, I'd like to have more for dinner, and then maybe even number two. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, and leave a rise in a cigarette or write a sign. What's your favorite software to business at no long? We've got a list of your favorite 45,000 already on here. It's building like crazy, man. It's growing like an enormous tumor. Tumors in trouble, I hear by the way. Remember that in the movie? What was that movie? Great, San Tini. Two more than trouble. That's a good movie. Yep. Not great. Wasn't flight, Tanner? Wasn't she the wife? I forgot. It was that Robert Duval. I'm a good friend. It was adequate. No, it was better than adequate. It was a damn good movie. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was the idea of the Sith and the Gospel, it's probably pretty good. But George Huber, that was there. In other words, if he didn't, it must be Medioker. How many crew am? Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. When I'm recommending the plates that I just closed down recently, and I'm going to miss it a lot. Like, we're going there a lot with Dawn Carter's voting polling. Dawn Carter's polling lane, stretch down? Yeah, man. strike in a dolphin wall and that pretty much tip out all their business. All their juice. Yeah man, but don Carter's. I mean, I grew up going there at the kid's so I grew up watching Don Carter bowling on television. I caused to show you how little was on TV in those days. Yeah, so that's the great. That's the great for business. But I'm the list because I mean, a lot of people probably have a realize that it closed down. Okay, thanks for the bad news. Now, we see, I'm not really sure that I trust him on it. And I'm the way he said that there at the end. I'm not sure that we haven't been there. You know, better check that out. Don Carter's. Yeah, I know there's one in Tever and X. Yeah, they're right. I mean, not one might have been. Yeah, I think this guy's full of crap. Besides, what does that have to do with this trend? No, and that sounds like, I'm gathering by what you just said that it may be okay just by the, the intention was maybe. Is it okay? Okay. Oh, it's okay. Not great. You don't want my small plus number. Do you? Or do you? You want it? Whatever you've got, I'll take it. Okay. Number of attention. I got my fact. Oh, he's all loaded up on the paper. I got a reem. I got Harry Reams over there. Since it's the beef throw week, don't say lube and reem in the same sentence. Oh, I'm sorry. Or they still business, lube and man, how about Uncle Reams? 567, 056, let's just start putting, let's start peddling bootleg copies of song of the song. All right, it was wrong with song of the song. There was nothing wrong with that. Would be a beer and beer rather. I'll adjoice it like the beer part. She thought it would be a RE. They thought I'd do something with the tar baby. Oh, is that it? Oh, I got to play that. Okay, let's see what we got. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know something. Why am I doing this? You know something I am. No, I am sick. I'm a glutton for punishment because all this does now, it's making me just die in. Yeah. I'm a glutton for a glutton. I'm a glutton. Dying for dining. Boy, this is bad. Taco Viva. Yeah, I could go for some of that. Hmm. Would I not always tell me much in the time now? I do like Taco Bell a lot. It's Taco Bell's pretty good. But Taco Viva, they had that melted cheese that they squirted on everything. And they went over it. It squirts on my back. Yeah. But boy, Taco Viva was good. It was one on sunset down in Kindle. When I lived down in that neck of the woods for several years, Taco Viva. You know what I'm talking about? The air melted or squirt that cheese on your burritos and on your tacos and just a little squirt here and little squirt there. In fact, it was in the same I believe it was right in that same vicinity where the original Godfather's was. How's my friend, hobby or from Godfather's? Boy, I'd like to invite him over along with Mark Thel's grandson for the little party. Also, the ground round and Godfather's feet well, though Godfather, no, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That would be like if basketball robins only was like, for example, here, they have, well, they have it there too. It's a lot of these places where it's combo now, where it's like a basketball robins and a Taco Bell together. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? There are a lot of those kinds of places. Now, it cuts down on the rent. There's like a dunk in doughnuts. My son just does do it that way. Yeah. And here they got like Tim Hortons and ice cream joint, like side by either or well, whatever. Anyway, the ground round is a good choice. The ground round was very, very good. What was that great try? I bet it's not there any more either. The great Chinese restaurant that used to be on Lovelem Road and Dixie, right, farward W. Stoos used to be. It was one of those, um, oh man, it was good. I'm sure it's not there. Maybe it is. P.S. I can't believe former U.M. quarterback Frank Costa didn't even get mentioned in the South Florida Bigger Stiffpool to get he would win it. Frank Costa. What about, um, all the other quarterback was 85 years old. All the he played pretty good for them and then he was a stiff and approached because he was a 90. Who's the other teens quarterback, the old guy? Oh, that's, uh, U.M. Think it else. Again, it was about 75 years old. What do you think of it? Uh, yeah, that's it. I know that he looked 75 years old. He, he looked like an old guy. He really did. I forget what his name was. Who is one of the long line. And then of course, who is the kid with a bad compulsion? Really, uh, the kids quarterback. There was a total stiff and a pros. Uh, keynote threat. No, no, Gino Toretto was the old guy. That's what I see here like one step behind. Well, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I don't know, you know, you know, who the guy, yes, you do a play for Tampa Bay to kid with a bad with a pilot like Wayne Haising, only a younger version with real bad compulsion. And he was also, we had a call one time from some trickle city was Lousy and a sack. Do you remember that George? Yes. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not only have a bad compulsion, but he, uh, was a Lousy lay. Anyway, 19, the moon. So when you got starts in that stuff alone, whenever you feel like the, so what would you tell me, uh, initial signs are good. Right. Correct. What you said, the initial, uh, was he, what should it looks good and we look good? We walked in there and you said, you fair, and any smile, then walked out and kind of like, uh, padded some padded Josh on a back or somewhere near it. It was. There number one, dammit. Jesus, I am going to the wrist. It's hard. Way over the hill. Jesus, I. I'm going to the wrist. I'm going to the wrist. It's hard. I'm going to the wrist. I'm going to the wrist. It's hard. Whoa, man, back, back, back. That will be rolling the back. Oh, he'll be going to the wrist. Yeah, by the. They want no side and hard to carry their leaves over, holy blood, this is one but Morgan, I'm gonna stay strong, I get it. I'm gonna take this away. I'm gonna fight in the bush and act to burn it. Oh, we love this. It's a big great dynamic. I'm gonna take it. Oh, you're great. It's a one-to-hit pair dance. We've put the bottom of the mat down there. Ooh. Break two of those, and turn them for the appeal. With your choice, so close to the appointment in the room. Whoa, man, you don't have to go back to the school. And just like a lily, everyone, I'm gonna be in the bathroom. Whoa, man, this land. This can't stop with your boat. It's a little da-a. Whoa, man, this land. This can't stop with your friends and hatred. I'm dying out of here. 1147-13, the looming of Geldie from Moa 2, with the mad doggy at 4, and we got to these numbers here. What I'm gonna do is just gonna start off top or read numbers. I'm not gonna give you any radio stations or any personalities or anything. I'm just gonna read numbers. No, kill us today. What is it? 12 now, 12 in County tomorrow, I'll be 11, counting down until that whole summer deal. I never done that before, but I think it's kind of, kind of fun. Kind of like rubbing it in to certain people there. 11 more days, you won't hardly see me, no, Moa. I'd say that right now. Won't see me, no, Moa. A little bit, two days and two days and a summer job. Right? Right? Just to keep you on the Australian European. All of the goodness for you is that I will most of the days, I'll stick to stories on here to take that off. What? It makes me all believe. You can't even know how I'm working, I'll do that because I'm a brother. Oh, so guilty, you're taking those things, don't you? No, no, no, no. What? Doing those stories? It's a job and of course it's, it's unfortunately not appreciated that much because not nearly enough people read those stories. We got, let me say again, at Blanchek, you got on the beaten curtain today. We don't know our name and believe you. We a lot of you guys would like to find it out. Part two tomorrow, she takes her panties off. Oh, she wants? She takes her panties off? Yes, tomorrow. Oh, no. Don't tell me a lot about that. And don't tell Candelisa that because if she sees some make a check on her, she'll get really emotional. I'm sure she might want to get involved. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Oh, we're supposed to play that kind of leaves of things. Not the original one. That, that, maybe the last day. Wouldn't it be great? That's what I'm going forward to. Of course you guys would dump it, you know. Of course you've only got that, like eight minutes. I've had that time. By that time, if I promoted heavily in the, you know, far in advance, so like, dump the whole show that day. On the other side, don't you just retired. You go, you want to hear this. Oh, what a pile of crap that is. You know, that's America for today. Sensorship, censorship. So it looks like we got a nice goose in 12 plus here. Didn't we? Yeah, we got goose. Afternoon got a little bit of a, let's see. I don't, I didn't look. Nice got a little bit of a goose. Of course, nice couldn't be any worse, but that's because we got no sports going on. We don't have the panties. And that huge panther audience we got. I'll work about afternoons. Did I check that out? Mornings and afternoons, 12 plus. Of course, that's not our demo. You do understand that. That's always a good hour by. Yeah, afternoons went up a little bit. About four, ten, 12 plus. So it looks like, well, we'll see. Now, you probably saw the rest of this stuff. I did not understand. That's the right end of the fact, but she without looking. Well, let's see. Did the audience care about who's number one, 12 plus, which is overall. I saw a whole audience from around here. That's wrong. I'm here, Zary. For the whole week, it's how one or five, but a six point. Oh, guess what they ended the winter bro? Six point. Oh, they're consistent. Isn't that the flag dropped? Is it the one that's been knocked to hardest working Jocelyn showbennis? Yeah, the same current Thomas. Tom Jordan. L-Y-F is number two. There's no chains there. This is all pretty flat. Wacky, a hardy, oh, mommy. Not so many old Julios with the green teeth got the diaries this time. Thank God. Let's hope they're all out of time. Or maybe a bunch of them died. CMQ FM. See, I don't understand where all the old Jews are. They used to listen to me on K. You see, they're all dead. N-X-A-Magic, 39 to before five. And how Bob Hamilton must have changed the playlist or maybe Ricky Tiki like Stola's or herpes. Stuck it under his cap. F-D-J. For what's that? What is that? I see another one of those Julios stations. I just, I read what those are. This is overall for the week. Now let's see. Let's take a look and see. This is 12 plus. So that I'm really mean all I'm much, but I'm going to really drag this up to there. Oh, I have an area. You know, it's just a trend. I don't care because I know everybody in a business is a concern about this. But they still have a job or not for the four companies and all these stations. Wait till you fight out about the who came in dead last. Oh, man. Norm. I'm sorry. Norma K. Who fancies himself a broadcaster, a racerate, a broadcaster, but he thinks he's a broadcaster. His station, at least the last time I checked on this, came in dead last. Dead last. Time for 34 out of 30. Yeah, there it is. Their time with Mr. Man isn't appropriate. Time with Mr. Egos station. W-N-N-A, you know what that stands for? No more audience. 23. That's a zero. Oh, 23. 12 plus. That's the whole audience. Hey, guess what? Norma, you really listen to them up for either bootstraps. Not. Now what am I looking for? I give up. Well, 12 plus is really a toss in. But could, uh, kiss 3-1 out of a 2-way. That's good. They came back down to earth. They're not given all the, they're not like flying over with the drop and leaflets. That fly over thing they do. But they drop the, uh, diaries in the trailer park. Oh, Romancia. This looks like a little bit less of a Julio month. Thank God for that. Maybe your people like to come off for Tijuana somewhere. Maybe they want to visit Alion. Bring them a unhappy meal. Maybe they just wanted to check them out. The Ebola's are busy. W-N-N-A-D. And I see the interesting part about this is Malcolm is in her this morning. And he's going on about, actually, this isn't, actually, this isn't W-N-D. See, I know this comes as a very grave surprise to Greg and Duff and Clarence. W-N-D is not our competitor on this show. Oh. See if the competitor for the rest of the station, you know, but our competitors are W-N-D and W-I-N-Z because they're the talk stations. Not the sports stations, the sports stations, which we on this, you know, that's not our belly wick. Do you want to see, um, person? Well, why do we have that? The person's 24? No, no. Okay. I mean, what are we going to do in there? 18 to 34. That's a bunch of young punks. What young punks, one listen to the show about businesses that went out of business 30 years ago. They don't want to hear this. This is the power of us all for it. Why? I said, how you doing? Hey, I got news for your man. This show today is simulating bird-hines. Now, bird-hines isn't gone. It's just called something else now. It's called macy's, isn't it? Or bird-hines. Yeah, get out of here. It's like a bird. It says, oh, PSI like to end down. It wasn't great, but it was pretty good. No, it was not pretty good. I ate there a couple of times. It was, uh, bad. It was really, oh, man. In fact, that cow off there and frog would have been an improvement of whatever they were serving. And they also had a butcher shop in there too. Let's see, two North Army Beach Pizza joints, figure rows, and my, oh, yeah, my pie. Although they got an E at the end. There's no E at the end. There's no E at the end. My pie. Okay, isn't like Greek. You know about that Greek? Oh, our statoros and my pie. My pie was the deep dish, as long as we're on that, what was the other deep dish when we talked about? Oh, geez. You know what I'm talking about? Hmm. Not on virto's. Like it. How somebody will know to give them, you know, they name everything, then what's that little big on the calling? Now, what is this? Man, here we go, man. That's what I'm looking for, man. You know, and you, you both of you guys always pooping this crap about people with face slides. It's a bunch of old people and muddy corny. I got news for you, man. If you saw the crowd that is out there right now, yeah, right, there's a lot of us old farts like me, but there are some of the most of me. I mean, lots, lots, tons of beautiful young people of all variety shapes and sizes there. Believe you me, my tongue was that of my shoelaces last night. I mean, have any laces? I saw so many astonishing, looking, living and breathing people. Just amazing, something for everyone, for every taste. Anyway, I know taste this. So here's the deal. We got the man 18 plus over all for the whole week. It's how little 5, 5, 4, up to a 5, 3. Well, the number went down, but their position went up to number one. Swapping spots with a radio, man B, which went from a 5, 7 out of a 5, one and still out numbers very inaccurate. And most of their audience is over the age of 100. So many team plus means also many, 90 plus, right? Because 18 plus it's 18 to death. CMQ, FAA, may went down a little bit. 5, 4, to a 5, 1, which like I said, the Holy was didn't own his diary like they usually do. Thank God, maybe we got a shot. They all got big. 4, 6, 2, a 5, 0, in men. They went up. How could they go up there? And then they have a giant book. Must be my good friends, Ryan Paul. God, thank God, but I'm new some of their material from time to time. W.S. DJ, 4, 4, 4, 6, and men. This is the whole week. So it's all been up to shape. Magic, Magic had a good trend here. 2, AM, 3, 3, 2, 1, 4, 1. Alright. That's what we care about. Now we're starting to get our finger on it a little bit. Right. That looks pretty promising. Now let's start with how he's gave a dayparts. Boy, boy, I've got a CD amount of paper that's on my fan's machine here. What happened at the morning? You didn't send me the morning thing? Say everything that they gave me. Well, how come we don't have the morning numbers for men? I have 10 to 3, I have 3 to 7. Really? I sent them an order. Why got a news for him, Mr. Hot Shot? Oh, here it is right here. You know where it was? On the bottom? No, right in front of my face. Oh, okay. Well, you know, there's a lot of stuff to be handled here. As you can see, I got my own little operation. Go in the sucker, I got my own little engineering department going here. All of these things. Which I still see. I would challenge some of my colleagues on this radio station, some of my colleague or anybody in this business. I'd like to see them sitting in a studio all by their loads of... handling the technical and doing this stuff. Not that I want to pat myself on a back as I'll get like... Sprint my arm. Now, what am I doing here? I'm looking for mornings. Okay, let's take a look at the hopper and see how the hopper did. Got yourselves in boys and girls? That was... W-X-D-J. Look at the number they went up there. Zoom into the top. 690, whatever number one in the book. But now 7-5. They went up, I have a point plus. Hot is number two. And they went way up. Hot one, oh five. What are they doing now? Played some more of that dark music? Big. 5-5-6-9. That's in the morning. Probably that Paul and Old Ron and there's zooming up there. Thanks to all the publicity I'm giving them. But on your mom being went to 5-5-6. What is this? Many team plus. MX-J. Is that another Julio station? Yes. We have 5-4 tours. That's magic. Magic went through the roof. Oh, that's going rookie ticky. A good close personal buddy. What time is he on? Is he doing the morning show over there now? Still or what? Lodder? Come on. Are you, you wouldn't mean you don't know. You never listen to magic. You don't know if we're going to get a magic. What's wrong with these are good buddy? CMQ, a state flat 37. What am I looking for? We're not going to hang out on the first page. Ooh. Let's see. 11-4, 3-0, and then Hank is from 11 to 10. He moved up a little of all of his number one from a 3-2 to a 2-9. No laughing matter. That was from. I would even go from a 3-1 to a 2-9. So they're tied for 10th in men, 18-plus. I report that with some concern in this may. But nevertheless, he'll be alright. Or not. Okay, let's see what we got. Midday 10-3, many team plus. Oh, and that's right. The first page is missing here. Oh, my God. Look at that. Oh, that's, I don't have anything. I didn't tell you anything. I think I learned it, but then they took it right back out of here. So you don't read it. I don't know it. Well, I don't got it. Well, why the hell would they not send us the first page to find out how we're doing? Is that like a little shot or something? Oh, here it is. Oh, look at that. Look at that. Like I said. Oh, my God. Don't we want to thank everybody in the audience for wiring these diaries? I mean, for like, coming true for us. We're number one. Holy, and moli. Well, I didn't do the break. It's only a short break. And when we come back, we can like pat ourselves on the back and do all kinds of sexual stuff. But it turns this sport to be a sport. Sports for you by six young, the way you're. I like rubbing my smeligery, the ass with soap night from jewels. And listening to the new roll cake. I'm gonna use the hour. Check out. We're allowed to go to college because it's bad. So right, that I've been to the ground these today. Now it's a test and set of wheels, it's not the way you're provoking for a guy. Now we get pee to the guy that the crimson goes through, then a guy's going to the bus. He's a guy's a man of the quick journey yoke. All baby. I think that's going on a journey journey to pee is a beast. All baby. She and her little brother to the baby. To the surface she's down to one bounce off the road. In the pit that is super downweigh. Now we can all just stop the pit because of the yoke and around the pit you can pray. And that's the 7-G-D-I-S, my old folk out of the nose. You're looking bad now, he's my baby dad and dad. All baby. We're going to go down the journey journey to pee is a beast. All baby. Tiny people, they'll get a little safe because of the yoke. I got my way to go down to the baby because the day she goes, we're going to go away. This crazy freshman must eat, starts with smell and gets the dusting looking at all this time. I'm a back-to-use man, the shining ground of the laglar, and thanks my coffee, Jonathan, and Judas, I think, watching it with all her role. To all baby. All her folk are called out to the journey to pee is a beast. All her folk are called shopping shoes for an over-cheap, and she walks like a zoo. To all baby. First of all, the interior does the absolute beauty of the system. To all baby. This is the first time I've heard of this. It's been a fancy house pack-to-common. It's 12-03 or five-60WQM, so there's a Wanshee. We can kick in some serious acid. Remember they had that old point? Oh, old point. Yes, we don't have the holidays because it's only a trend. But nevertheless, at nighttime, they're starting to make a little bit of a move. They're gone from 28th to 25th from a 0.8 to a 1.1. We're going to make a big move. We at night, even without any sports on an air did a 3-3 minute night, which isn't great. But you wait till that marlin starts you want to open. And then we're going to double the cheers. You have leave me? No, but nevertheless, I said it. I've said congratulations. Their extrapolations has it as a 9.4. That is correct. I got away here. 9.4 is correct. Yeah, I've said this one. How about throwing in an 8 for us there? I didn't throw it in 8 for you. I threw it in a 9.4. I'm thinking, I start my summer schedule now. See you. But it's a bonus. Why the hell not? I have a long queue. A little open party would be good. I'm going to give you a big wet one when you see it. Who said that? No thanks. You're fairie. Oh, the thought of that is just to set me in one coma. Chris says, peaches records and tapes. Very good choice. What were some of the other? How about specs? Yeah, well, long gone. What would the gone? Would there be any list? Peaches and specs? Or some of the other records changed. It was that pretty much it. But they looked like it could take up right on. It says, as well as the record store that bastard Wayne bought and fired anybody with long hair. Oh, yeah, what the was that? Oh, a Schluckbuster. They're not out of the business. I was sincerely Chris. Yeah, Chris forgets that his Schluckbuster is far from our oven. I'll argue that one place is going to pizza. What was it? But he stole the name from Wayne and he approached and got out of this. He approached and got off in this. What was it? But there's Blok. We have Buster's Blok. Yeah, they were a chip off of your old block. Buster's Blok and Wayne said, I'm only worth $7 billion. Who the hell do you think you are to come in there? Ellen, I mess with Blokbuster name. I'm going to sue you and play out of it and he did. I think I'm going to have a bit of a bonus on the year that one time. I remember that, Diody. The guys from Buster's Blok. What are you eating now? Is this a celebratory lunch that you guys will enjoy? Pizza for Tony's. Alright, thanks, Brad. We love Tony's around 441 right up to Hershey Howard. I'm right 90. Whatever that is. No, it's not. It's 90. What's it when I answered? Yep. And both, oh, he was. That's what I said. And I see market Miami says, I don't know what that means. It says, because your dinner discusses before the show today, because we loved the old for us. It was just, ah, story of what? Just for reference. That's what we already did. On 79 Street has been sold under New Management by another pizza store. But it's still called for us in Southeastern. Original thing and it's not a business for the camp of the planet. But it's not the same. And not that we don't like them a lot. Of course, I'm sure the food is just fabulous. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Okay, here's one from Peter in four-laterdale, who says. He's lived in town since 63. Well, he's got me beat by a long time. I've said it that by 13 years. Jerry's driving restaurant on sunrise Boulevard. Oh, porches on federal highway. How could we forget old porches, huh? Oh, highway driving, the federal driving, Thunderbird driving, just give Josh this little sneak full bit of once he wants on there. We're not. Camp 8 is Geneva. The candy store. The button we got there. That's someone with few we got. They club. Woody's was Woody Woodbury. Oh, I remember those days. Boy, well, I know he's still up a line first. That was on Fort La Lille Beach. Woody Woodbury. He was about as funny as tummy boots. The world on Miami Beach also the beach comor. And the teahouse and the Tokyo moon. Speaking of Chinese. Uh, so they're used to be a huge Chinese restaurant on the corner of. US one and. Uh, what is it? It's 1584. Just south of the corner there. Right now, just north of the copal where Josh's brother hangs up. You know the place I'm talking about? I'm not. You never saw that? I'm sure I saw that. I don't know the number the name of it. Oh, that was a good place. Big old Chinese joint. That was a huge place. A modern Fort La Lille who's just totally out of control. I have no life says how about the old Lindsey lumber stores. Are they all out of business? Because the one by where the money is. They're not selling road, but not business for a long time. In fact, they they stayed open. Like a year or two after they were going out of business. They didn't even need nails or hammers. And there anymore was pretty grim. Lindsey lumber stores. And right. And we ever get a confirmation on the arm of the little cafe. Nope. Oh. I never give these numbers. Good. I'm getting side tried out. That's stupid as pull we're doing, which is fine. But we got an important numbers to pass along. And then we got thousands of your calls. And we're going to take every one of them. We're not. Probably not. We'll get to some. Mid days man. 18 plus this is shocking. As the audience wants to get them come true for us. Which we need them desperately because we need. We're up against it. You know, when you come right down to what? We're number one. Damn it. We got them coming out of some all-size now. We got scare America. We got a little bit of a little bit. We got Waxy. We got IOD. With Russian as pull up and Vs from the right wing. We got a lot of stuff going on now against us. And yet, in spite of that, we went from a 47 in a winter book, which was only good enough for fifth. Of course, this has been 18 plus. 2554. Can you imagine the number we got in there? Because that's always higher than the 18 plus. Right? Because this includes people over the edge. Like an audio mom B is number two. We have a 6.6 number one, which is a shocking number. And all things are equal. And also includes that horrendous march. Mr. I want you to stop and think about it right now. That march will really week for the whole situation. We just got screwed all the toxins of everybody, got screwed in march in the market. We'd be like out there in like triple digits, I bet. And maybe we have like 120 sure. But I know my V is number two, six five. That's down a little bit from number one in the winter book. And also down from number one to number two, since we kicked their ass. And keep in mind the two things. Number one, that's 10 to three. And number two, that includes people over the edge of 100. It's all old green tooth cubanos. I don't know if it happened to me. Nobody had the age of 70. This is the best station in my correct. Right. CMQ FM, 6.0. Oh, what's that all about? They went from number two, six, six down to with six. So, yeah, I told you, this wasn't nearly as heavily. No speaking in English is some of the other moments we get. Thank God. Oh, thank God. We fought about 10 anglos. 10 people are speaking in English. Radio. I OD went from a 50 to a 5 one. They're about flat. There's still another still an error doing everything. People are keeping critical. Phil popping, right wing wires. I already. Poor Mary did during Kagan on CNN. A magic. Look at this. Three seven to a four nine. Midday and then magic is doing it. I don't want to like, yes, I do. Well, let me just give you a couple of other numbers. I just go on Paul and Ron in the morning there. Okay. We think you guys suck. We had a big book. Or a trend. See, one thing about us, we don't make these up. You know? Well, we say, hey, are we still, you even know where you think you suck? No, we're always right. We've had. We might have to make a month. I and Z that scare America. You know, from a one nine with two three and went from twenty first 18 to start to make a little bit of a movement. You know, can you smell it? Is that right? I see one from a one three. Well, one eight midday. They're went from twenty fourth to twenty tooth. One four to one eight. And that's because it's the only sports thing going on in the midday. So what would you rather have the six six or would you rather have the one eight? I'll pick the six six. Thank you. Now, and you have to know, let's take a look at how the, uh, mold myster and a mad dog we're doing three to seven. Big number one from a five one to a five two. There's still number one. Magic is number two. Magic. What is that? I don't know. What is going on with them? I bet your Rick is not even paying attention to play with. She's probably friends and seekins of good stuff. And maybe Hamilton's, uh, they got them locked in a room somewhere. I think they're winning by default. Oh, Q a m three seven. That was number nine in the book to a four eight all-wept the number three. And I guarantee you by the time the spring broke comes out, it'll be number one. We'll be screaming in the afternoon. We're in number one. And in the day in the midday. We're in number one. Damn it. And in the morning. Hey, you watch. Top real comeback. It'd be alright. I see these things happen within before and then before you know it. And of course, if we can get Ira and, uh, speak in the tying up Bob Hamilton in the broom closet, if we can get Ira and Mark Verredino, what did Mike bird do you know? And put the two of them in the same broom closet. Hanks numbers are going to zoom in back up again. You'll see. I don't want to interfere. I don't want to give my opinion, but that is my opinion. I said to be for all say it again. I think that's really very unfortunate because I want to hear the Humper, you know? I don't know. You're not saying a word because you're a voice because my mouth will. Oh, so when that never stopped you before. That's just an excuse. Now you're not kidding me. Carolyn, one of our regular factors who still out of, she's not happy with me, but she's not unhappy enough because of Leo thing to go away. Thank goodness. And you're still on US-1 near UAM. So let's take a special offer. How about adding the serpentarium, let's go. Huh? Absolutely. Thanks Carolyn. Serpentarium and success is still in our, I can't believe that. That is shocking. So did I give you the afternoon? Four eight. I would be at a four oh from a three four up to a four oh, but Mo and Ed Dog, the Eminem Boyz, I kicked hands. And what about the INZ and Waxi? Those are Waxi from a two under with two four and he have to known up a little bit not much. And INZ 1 8 to a two one again up just fractionally. Now here's the, here's the big thing. I want to apologize to your post-cran normer. Because I said that he wasn't making an impact over there at FTL, the FM146. They went in the book from a 30th and zero point four. That's 0.4 to put tied for 28th and 0.5. So he started to make a little, he's a little kind of old. Oh, he could probably be a little here on a Richter scale from a point four to a 0.5. So nice going norma and well deserved by the way. 1213 and 5.6. WQM on your, Oh, I don't know. Alright, alright. The mad dog is out of control. And you find out why when you hear the latest release from what cluster entertainment, Jim Madden seems to be with. Well, I'll ride. I'm around the street, well. Oh, right. Here's a mad dog. Too bad. See, wash it raw. I'll ride. I'll ride. Oh, right. Oh, right. I'll ride. I'll ride. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Alright. Okay. The mad dog is out of control, boy. Oh, right. Oh, right. Well, now the Mad Boulder where the mad dog is. And well, now the Mad Boulder where the mad dog is. Well, now the Mad Boulder where the mad dog is. And your old son, Jim Slady. So little bit foolish. I can't do that. I can't do that. But now he says I like it. I like it. The man dog just tent his and over that cottage cheese button. If he wants me to sing God bless America and taste these in the cheese frame up here. I'll do it. You got to go. Get out of your own. That is so rare. Whoa. So rare. You can give a bad dog. Sing of self-happy. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Just make it. Sing of you. Yeah. Well now it all blocked us. So from 19, so I'm at bogus kicking some serious ass. And maybe even, don't mind. It's sticking to the number in there too. What do you think? You won't be on it either. We got guilty. I don't know which is going to show you. Nothing is perfect. Yeah. Well, absence makes the hard growth finder. Isn't it? The way it goes? Something like that? Something like that. Oh. So I just received the usual incident. Email from Norma Kent. By the way, now it's gone. Norma point five there, man. You are really strong. As your buddy, D.F. What's a really strong? What's your favorite self-load of business that no long Wings us, we asked today? And we've got a zillion different choices on here. And once I start taking calls a minute, I'll have a zillion more. You'll see. There you are. Sure. I read them all. And then we'll take till four, five inch. Six flat, Fagget, Land of 56. Paris World 46 High Lea 41. What a beautiful place that used to be. Mr. Brune. Oh. Table of Club 39, Burton Jackson D. 47. Wolfie's 32. Sambo's 25. The button's at 21. And Greg Ozeny. A Jordan Marsh 19. The studio 18. She radio 14. I like that. We just put that on her head zooming up. I know it. I don't see K102 yet. Us did the name of a vote. Manero is 11. Dolls 10. I like the cheese. I like the cheese on your check. Cheese on the table. The cheese. I like the cheese on the coke was good too. Hendingways 10. Gold triangle 10. Spring break 9. Hollywood's 4th atrium 8. Allotes sports all the trim. That's not right. But it's close. What is a Josh now? That's before his time. This game count of eight. The famous eight. And eight. And eight. Jefferson's and juniors. And New York State House. He 10. Four for the black ainess. The Sweden House. Be state. Charlie's Castle Park. Nevis Roaf Beef. Pick a low. Villadele. What's the name of a vote? And try to pick up the. Try to take me home. When we had dinner with the pick a low. Anyway. Villadele. I said no thanks to him. You're ugly. Anyway. I think he's dead. A taco. It says. Toco. Toco. Cheer. Bring your own to the. You're a token over there. Toco. Viva 3. Arts. Pipe. The Marlin. Vito. Tell. I bet you. Norma. The toast. Three. Toby and the toast. The cave's two. Cornel and two. Cornel and Zander again with two more. It's on there. Twice it was so good. Confetti. Two. The ranch house. Two. Boating a steak house. Two. Two for. Rooties. The place for steak. Two. One for Lindsay Lumber. One for peaches. One for my pie. One for the cake. It says. Capitri. Capac. It might not be none see any well. Can you not understand me? What language am I speaking? Her Capac tree. Not Capac tree. And it's still got a vote. Capac. Capac. A box on you. Twins and ice cream one. Ardon S1. Elfula Fano one. Most in one. Marshall major is only one. Jackson Byron's one. Rocky Grosse and he's got one. And none. The big O.O. for. Serpentarium. Poor Keys. Figure rose. The alley. Capac tree. Oh, it's on there twice. And he still got it. The alley. Doodas. Capac 102. Dan Dow's. Damfield. Jimmy Gany. Where's one potato. Two potato. Gigi's. The umbrella. Valenteez. With the spell wrong. James. The poop deck. Hungry. And charred. White Mountain ice cream. I'll have the big. I'm having 18 votes. How is that possible? What a bunch of. Well, what. How is that? It all possibly. You know. I'm sticking to my. You know. 25. 10. 10. Sure. Aren't you impressed? It's. I think somebody ought to be kiss my fat ass right now. Who. In fact, there's Mark Stolt on there right now. And TV. A face grandson would like to kiss my ass or any other. Maybe just on the cheek. Left. Right. Oh, five, six, seven, five, six. Okay. Let's get on the. You're here and get a bunch of these on. Because these people are probably. Who cares about those stupid numbers? It's just a trend. It's just one. Mom. You'll make that stupid ass bonus again. You'll blow it all at wood by. Whatever. Yeah. And they're right. So let's get to it. WDQAM. Hello. Yes. I'm going to be a high. I wasn't sure if you had this one on your. A pole there. How about Mineros and Howlandale? Yes. We do as a matter of fact. Oh, man. I love that place. We love those big handken. I talk about this morning at gigantic board. The Gordon Zola salad man with the. And just the atmosphere. Well, the picture's in the horses. It was a beautiful play. And I forgot about that. That's what they were horse people. Yep. They sure were. Okay. Well, you're. I wonder where that me came from. Now I'm just a joke now. That's just a joke. It was a fine place. We had great stakes and great things. Challenge. I bet you were friend. What's the name of elected? Marcello. The chef. Marcello. The chef. Marcello. I don't know. I mentioned him on a ear and he called him. And he said, oh, he had been listening. Oh, you're so full of crap. Marcello. I have no life. Dominic. Who I am? Hello. Yes, sir. I think that's a good thing. Tobler's cheesery. Oh. He's out of line. No one didn't yet. Is it Tobler or Tobler? I think it was Tobler, sir. Everybody at Fort Worth. I'll be over there. I'll be here for it. Robert A. Lairford. Oh, for a lot of a hood. I'll want to go over there. Don't you remember that. That was great. Tobler's. Tobler's cheesery. No. You remember the name of the Swiss restaurant that was just south of their day. That was like on a federal highway. That's what I'm thinking of. Haven't been told about it. I thought it was Tobler's. No. Peter. Well, I'm losing it then. I'm losing it. I think you've got to get some help. Okay, sir. We need a confirmation. Okay. Yeah. Somebody give us a confirmation. Okay. And a confirmation number. Did we ever find out about Armandolo Caf? I mean, that's not really that difficult. I would think. Okay. Because it's right there in the piece of law of Paiser. And of course, if Jeff Cohen was still friendly with us, he would have called and said, oh, yeah. But there's any corner where they or whatever they moved somewhere. We'd have to have the information, but we don't need more because we're, you know, a lot of people hate us our poison. Now thanks to skip the invertly. Come at a Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. This is George. I own the need of those. This is talking about. You own need of those. I own the yes or the. We don't. We don't. Yeah. That's from both of them, right? Yes. What did you go out of business? I didn't go out of the company. I was there for 20 years. Yeah. I was there. It was like a landmark when you made the turnier around the sunrise and federal highways like a landmark right there. Yeah. Well, I was. I mean, the light was there. I was like, kid, it was 27 years old. And when I got involved there, Neeper was a person company. Hello. Yeah. I'm here, listening. Yeah. And I want to talk about it. I bought a franchise from Neeper at the time. Right. I think it's 60. Yeah. It's like a lot of money. And right there, many of the time was really great stuff. You know, I still get people call me an S-mail when looking open again on our. Even. No matter where I go, people who've been here for like 20 years, you're never met. Now, that was used to have like a roast beef on Kimmelwick, like in Buffalo, right? That's correct. Yeah. This is one of those boss. We couldn't do a Kimmelwick because that has someone saw the mess where we were around here. Mm-hmm. And that's a problem with all the bread products in Florida because the water in the salt and the vison and that's why most of the pizza sucks too. Oh, it's a lot of Italian, thanks for the memories. Okay. I like that. There's the guy that used to own Neeper's roast beef. How about that one? Now they're setting? It is exciting. It was good stuff. They also had this great subchain in Buffalo too. I can't see what they were thinking about this because they had the best sub sandwiches. I think I've ever had my life. Oh, God, it was good. Maybe Woody Graver will call him but I sure hope not. 27 past known at five, 60 WQM. I am sure you're familiar with Anthony Calliando. He's everybody's name man and you'll find him at acceptance capital mortgage. He lost to remind you that before you call any other mortgage company, let him tell you what you didn't know. And that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products. Not much of a choice, eh? And if you're credit-sust an absolutely perfect, you're going to get turned down. You're going to hear the old end. Oh, oh. If you're not working with the right lender, chances of getting a poor guy may be 50, 50, probably in most of your cases way less than that. So do yourself a big favor. Call right now one triple A4A3 loan. That's one eight eight eight four eight three loan. And let the main man in this team put you in a mortgage admit you need. Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe we've been turned on because you call the wrong number. Call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage toll free at one triple eight four eight three loan. That's one eight eight eight four eight three loan. And don't forget every time they close alone, of course, there's donated to kids in distress. So why would you want to call anybody else aboard the old bait and switch? Call the main man Anthony Calliando today toll free. THESNESS 1 so what I can do? 1 with yeah. 14 half three six six six six seven six five six six four two eight eight four eight three loan. peanut cp cteria 10 lay you who will get both home that they like. Oh, God! Good night, unbox! South American Idol! Yes, star, George Bush seems the Hooray! He moves side up for us! Don't get mad, I just get scared of him! I just have a sense of that. You're talking about, I just, I can get a racing style. Before we go home, talking about, I get scared of him, I get a racing style, I get a racing style. I get a racing style! We don't get food, I get it! It's food, it's cake of food, again. What do you think of me, it's just his town, but there's, don't think ever anymore. No, not things. Life is nice, man, I'm sorry you, I've heard of him already, Tom. I've heard of him already. All the things you've ever seen, because you've just said that you've pulled the sculpture. I have never ordered, put it. But there again either. On box. It's 1233, we got the Goldie from Moa to a clock. I just keep mentioning that just to give you the advanced warning. Don't say we didn't warn you, okay? Because if you want to hear it back for two hours, stick with us. So what do you think about our and Mike Burdino? George. Just a joke, okay, you don't have to be spawned. I don't want to put you or your feet on the fire. I know you're both of you, a bunch of real, real voices. Huh? Well, you, I mean, you don't listen anyway, because it's a sports thing. So you've got that automatic out. But you obviously do have an opinion, we just want to express it. That's all. We just, it just makes sense. Like on this show, if we farmed out, if we had, let's say, find the thickest somebody really upon us and one dimensional and boring. Like, Norma, can't. If we had a segment with Norma on the phone every day for an hour, like two, three times a week, how many people do you think we're listening to that? About 30 minutes. What are his ratings? About 30? I think you're getting carried away now. Yeah, we're dirty people, right? Yeah, that's about it. Well, think about Norma, though, as a broadcast, released, she's consistent. You know, the same giant number that she had at FTO back in its old incarnation. Now that's another FTO, it's the same number. Meaning it's the call that we said attract those 20 or 30 people. Look at my six, my big opponent. Huh? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Well, I got my pile here. I feel bad. I'm going to have to save all this for tomorrow. We'll be old news by then. I'm going to be, you know, no, I want to take these calls. I want to get four million names on this list. This is fun. I don't care about you punks out there about you 16 year old punks. What was Rudy's? Okay. I got news for you. Rudy, could you do that? And Rudy, could you do that? No, but Book of Brando has just asked him. Next time he's seeing him. He knows Rudy, could you? Because he's living in a past, Book of Brando. He's in a time work. And let me just say, let me say this, speak in a living in a past. You know, that song? Yeah, I'm not sick. Six years. That's not the one. Is it the first one? I don't know. She hit. Very, very, very said, go. Yeah, that's it. That's it. You know that song, you know what it is? I ain't got a home by. I got a home by who? I don't know who sings it. Clarence Frogman Henry. Who finally happened to be a full brother too. Are you sure Phil and Gloria? About the same story. I ain't never said that. I'm not going to go. And you just said that I'm not going to go to Gloria. And they're up to pay me by that. This is what the story is. The Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter, Lord's a daughter. Lord's a daughter. Let's go. Let's go. Lord's a daughter. He's a no-can. The Roman on the point you ask. The Prince of the Prince of the Prince. The Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince of the Prince . I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do that. That's it. I can't remember that number one. I think so. I thought you were going to do that. I thought you were going to do that. I thought you were going to do that. I thought you were going to do that. I sure all by my name is Stake here in my extrapolations. But I don't think I did. You might, you wouldn't want to say it on the year. But you might want to have a conversation with the muff myster. Unless she's not to lunch. I'm sure they're all out. Sorry, Martin. I said I'm sure they're all out. They're all out. They're all out. So I'll write my numbers. Let me do the math on this again. Because I'm sure I must have made a mistake. 2.9 times 3 is 8.7. Is that correct? 8.7? You know about me in math. Well, 8.7 subtract from that 6.5. What does that give you? What would you wear? 2, 2, 2, 2. Put it in the box. Because I knew I was at 2, 2, 2. And now in April it appears to me as my math is wrong. It again is a 2, 2. So with our and Mike dragon, a hopper down there. At least we may not be strong in the morning so far. But we're consistent with a 2, 2. What do you love to see the hopper in a 2, 2? That would be kind of a... I'm not blaming him. I'm blaming our program director. Because they will listen anything I tell them. You know, I know nothing. That's why we're sitting here. We're like a 10 or 11 share in men in 25, 54. And while Hank is his drowning in a sea of sports nerds. If I want to hear Ira on a phone off-call him at home. In fact, that's what we'll do for no one. You want to talk to Ira about the heat and about the hot and calm and home. Look at his number out. Wouldn't that be better? Biggest. That's my opinion. But I know nothing. Just keep that in mind. I know absolutely nothing. And that's been the case all the way through my radio career in South Florida. No matter what it is, the only person that would ever listen to me was the cast for Rest in Peace. He was a great guy. He would listen to what you suggested. We had some great successes over the air and WS News. Some gigantic numbers. And a lot of good times. But these other people, man. Wow, yeah. Especially like a hard ass like Disney. I see a crap over there at Cox Broadcasting. Well, corporate day, I mean talk about it. One thing I will say, okay. That was especially before Joyce came along. Now she's made that into a corporate day. Her and Bob are moved. But it's not nearly the bureaucratic corporate kind of structured thing that Cox Broadcasting was. Everything over there was, well, we had an apartment hedge. We don't dare look at the department in cross-eyed because while she's an apartment head or Jeff Clark, he's an apartment head. How dare you, you know, like that. Like, would have worse pions on here that were making him all of that money. How dare us talk to them because they had a title, you know. And then, of course, with Paxton, all that and all that and all that. Paxton, as you look back on it, was quite a big improvement over the latter days of Cox Broadcasting. Then I write a wrong. No, they had their points. I mean, they had a bunch of drunks. I mean, we could go with that coke. Huh? What's wrong with that? No, nothing about just saying it in other words, it wasn't it was far from perfect. But what that was perfect, dude, no, especially in his business. Okay, especially in his market. But they, they, they, they, they were structured in a more orderly way. And then, of course, they had the, the traffic lady that was running around, the peddling her, uh, Jews for Jesus mentality. I was kind of funny. You don't get that, it's just anybody's station right? Oh, that's such a special. Yeah. And then we had the other traffic lady who was just, uh, we were talking about a hard ass. Wow. Nobody's going to fire her ass. I'll tell you that right now. Uh-uh-uh-uh. I was going to tell you the reason, guys. I think it's person now. Oh, yeah. I know a lot of people are going to be getting sick. It's going to be a sports video fight. It's a secret. Can you weigh in? Are you ready for some football? Then two minutes. Two minutes. You'll get them all on ESPNG. You're going to fire into a sky right here. You'll respect your course. You'll push your course smell the passion. You just wrote in backwards. You're going to write on the back of this ain't some make-over show. You're going to be ready for some football. Then two minutes. Two ESPNG. And he hits the whole, right after chips he opens it up. Oh, yeah. ESPNG. I'm going to tell you that the calboy's fairs, Vikings, factors. You'll get them all on ESPNG. You're going to fire into a sky right here. And back this ain't some make-over show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPNG. And then everyone's trying to swap it around down there. What the grown in there? You know, you get what the stuff flies. And back with one by five times ESPNG. Where there is never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that one came from. Some days will never be the same. That would be like if it was the last shot out of the Roman candle. Call your cable operator now. And demand the ESPNG. We have three goals. A lot more for the field of the ground. A lot better. A good ESPNG. Now that's a mouthful. Two fairs. How 45 at five, 60. And if anybody knows about a mouthful, it's John Madman. He hasn't missed all too many kills in his time. I like John Madman a lot. I mean, I don't know. I guess it's not politically correct anymore to like John Madden. Right Josh? He's out of the room. Oh, John. Don't come to guess. Oh, John. I'm not sure. What? Let me just let me go to the second team here. I'll do this little buddy that he's going to be still living in the past. I'll let's all be for us. That could be it. I'll do bad Josh. I'm going to be just got tired of the pressure. I was having to put a, I ate many different things on the full day. And it's a little bit too much like work for Josh Cortis. He'll be back. He's probably having a big VM. Here's line nine. Hello. I have two can you follow? Yes, sir. Go ahead. This is he. He's on Oakland with any cario used to do is a dance Denver? Was that with, was it without my grip and, I, I forgot, I think without around table. Remember that you get a 12 course meal for like eight bucks or a. Around table was great. That is absolutely correct sir. Okay. Thanks a lot. Around table. You got it. How can he get it if he hit a room? Is he come back in? Oh, you got it. So you can actually do it there on that side. Oh, yes. So why do you keep chewing him out every time he screws up and keeps who's up and keeps miscecling and putting them in the, what the hell could have heard us? What do you put under the cock-out tree or something like that? That was bad. Cock-out. Ha ha ha ha ha. They were one out of business. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I remember a couple places. One was at Keefen Bar on the corner on the US Warner-Mount 173. It was open and always used to think cars were going to class in the end. Keefen and Bar? You know, it was like a pizza place. It was open and you could sit outside right off the sidewalk. Well, I don't ring any bells with me. That was a long time ago and then dirty. I remember a pretty anchor bar on the corner there of the house. Yeah, it wasn't pretty anchor bar. I was in the house. It was dirty earnings, but I think they changed the name. Was it really dirty earnings? I don't know. Might have been. They served the good pork sandwiches and carbs, jouter. I know, uh, all you, I don't know where you're talking about. Where you could look over and see all the cars on federal. Now, what about tarfs? Are they still in business? I don't know. I live at West Palm now, but you know, got you to go. You're going to be able to move it in the right direction. I'll tell you then. I'd like to move further north and north. Get an example. We're on the same. Just keep on going. But anyway, take care. You two, thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. It's tarfs still around. Tarfs, cam strips, you know? I haven't seen tarfs at a long time. Yeah, because they were also right up on there. And I had a little bit north of where she's talking about and for a long time. Of course, they were also a lot of other places as well. Tarfs is pretty good. I like claims strips. You know where they have the best claims strips? I give up. It Quincy market in board. I always not can seafood and you like claims strips. Yeah. All right. I like clam chowder. What's wrong with the good clam? I am. Huh? Man, nothing that's what I've always said. Beard of other lands. Yeah. Just cut the cramp. I just don't like oysters. They just don't like these. Oh, I don't want to get into it. It's right in middle of lunch hour. I'm a little bit on the side of it right now, because we've had this food intensive show today. It's probably just as well because I'm like torn all between. In other words, if we talk about ice cream again all day, like we've done some days in the past and I'm embarrassed for that, I know exactly what I'd be doing in four. But because we first that was that taco's all day would have squirty cheese, you know, the melted cheese. I'll let that lead all with the from your taco bell. You taco. Have you ever heard of the Viva? Or taco Viva? Well, your back was it like a moving experience? You could say that. Give me my knife. Back. I tend to want to think. There's only a problem is it's a piece right in the middle of the show. That's okay. Wow. I mean, well, of course, the 16 sandwiches this morning and then of course, the pizza from bread that kind of probably like to help move things along. So, just pick it. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Yeah. Tacos, Olae was another one. I'm a little bit confused. Is the one I'm thinking of taco Viva with a squirty cheese or was it also taco's Olae? Well, I don't remember tacos Olae. Oh, yeah. You better know your taco is Mr. because you sure don't. Yeah, well, right. Actually, you know, you're going to be hanging out with a bridge tender right over the edge of the bridge. What if he still live or not? I heard he died. Really? Yeah. I know somebody else who died. I'm dying on the hair. He shouldn't have said that that guy. I mean, he's been dead a long time. But God, the color that said. I'm dying on the hair. Yeah, he was waving a white hanky when he said it too. I'm dying on the hair. Tell me to QAM. Hello. I'm pretty good. QAM. Definitely not there. Tell me to QAM. Hello. I'm good. Yes, sir. First of all, there is a car on federal highway right around being, I think. So that's where you're placed. Yeah. That place is great. Part of where you're just coming here to go and drop some sulfur at the bank. That already is still there. Right. That already is still there. And. I asked the teller there. She, uh, levered listening to me, rogers on WQAM. It's a guy. I asked him, well, sounds like a girl. Asked, uh, it, it, it, it ever listened to the show. Hey, I got to tell you a driven us story. He's not going to ask him. He's see you're talking to the door shut. Good. Sure. OK. I mean, I'm at the drive for the one evening when he comes back. Um, driven us. You know what that is? That's five onions, right? It's done either in our own hands. What you can skin and let you can fat. Yes. I'm watching my wife watching the food channel one day and they're talking about caramelized onions. I'm listening. Carmelized onions. It's the same as driven us. What they do is they burn them up real good with them all the way. Right. They get sweet. Um, they're crunchy. They're absolutely delicious. I love onions. I'm going to say this may sound ridiculous, but I could eat the rest of my life. If there was like only one thing, I could like mushrooms and onions. Good. I love them, especially, so I'd like that. Oh, man. And now I finally took it out. What I'm going to have for lunch. Yes, sir. I got something for the poll. OK. Um, the water plates and the landets that closed in that in its place, they build a shop at center in the shop at center with something that radio-shacked on, it was called incredible universe. It was a fantastic place for. Right. Computers, TV, stereo. In their gone. They were there, they're long gone. I think it's long gone. And you're going to go now. And, and you know, arm-dillacassee is the guy. I think a long-dazane was Kevin McDonnell. He opened up a place. He's in a place now called the Grapevine. It's at Broward and University. And he just does dinner there. They do lunches and they have a gourmet shop during the day. And his night he changed it over. It's called KM at the Grapevine. And he still does that Grember Ray ex-doin. And so he's still around. But that is the original location that you were talking about earlier. They flattened it. They're going to put off the pound hole. That can get up with the starting price of the pound hole. He's going to be at home. He's a million. You're close. 400,000 dollars. Yeah, perfect. You can get a pup cent for us in 400,000 dollars. So we're taking a look at the real Rogers. Good luck. The other Risen's Indian Rogers. Okay. I was just on the phone with them right now. He wanted a check and see if you... What did he say? He's hurt with me. He's hurt with you. Good thing you're bad thing. Good thing. Did you hear that, yeah? Yeah, give me a message for me. You're fairie. Have a great day, pal. Okay. See you. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. He's hurt. I mean, we don't want you to hear of me. We want you to put on your Sony Walkman right now. I was going to show you Bozo. Guys, we're going to bang probably making like three bucks an hour. You know? See people think that folks who work in bang, like bang, vice president. You know what I like? They make like 30 grand a year, right? Do all the tellers anyway, sure. No, no, I'm talking about bang, vice president. Oh, it's a big business. But it's our only everybody. But good man. So we do love all of our things. I think it's terrible. The rate to leave me. We love them. We... Like that. Especially mine. I'll tell you some stories. WCW AM Hello. Hey, how you doing, pal? Pretty good, pal. Listen, number one. I'm on my second bottle of liquid soap. Oh, the way you said it. It sounded like I was ripped. Like I don't know. I'll spice. Hi, I'm sorry. Spisa. You know, as a guy. Yeah. Well, you're going to smell like the assault of the earth pretty soon. If you keep doing that old spice deal. Yeah. And also two other places for your pulp. Grenders with a good place. Grenders was excellent. Grant and the studio. Yeah. The studio is on there. It was bad. And it was the best. They had that bowl of chocolate mooster. You know, you could die in. The amazing. Not so much. The question. What do you? What's your take or spit on these breadplaces? The Atlanta breadplay bakery or the panitarities? These high end like you. Red comes. You think it's a fatter? You think it's here because it's a good thing. I'm on the other side because being diabetic, I don't eat bread. I don't get near it. I don't touch it. I don't touch it. So the only connection I have with bread is like when you're on the palm metal. You drive by the bakery there and you can sniff that smell in the air. Oh, that whole someplace. Yeah. The very unwholesome place. So that's the only connection I have is sniff it right. And it worked too. And also there was not going to pay for the TSP and is dropping their contract with hockey could say. They drank money. That is correct. So now it's not even a six or six. So they lost the 60 million there. They're losing their fan base because people don't care anymore. I tell you one thing, man, you talk about rocket science. That's a very good number and Bob Goodnan, all those guys. They're a big trouble aren't they? They sure are. Good luck to us, pal. Screw them and good luck to us. I mean, yeah, what are we going to do? I did my best from Odin Hockey in that town, which is like from Odin, Chopler percentages in Greenland. It's just probably one of the really good ideas. You know what? I hate him, bread home. I can't stand him. Although he looks like a good man. I hate him bread home. I can't stand him. Although he looks like my uncle, high who's dead and who is very nice guy. My father's brother. Simon. That was his name, Simon. You mean you never had him in Roth? Sure. That's a nice Jewish name, Simon. Although many married this glacier cup. Now she was very nice too. She's also dead. What? Should you want me to go through the whole history, the family tree or my then I can do my mother's family. If you don't know I can talk about Mugsie Solomon again. My bookie Uncle who was also a great guy. He married his big chicks. I called the Evelyn. Right? Five six seven. Five five six seven. Five five six eight. You're right. I got a right of book. Oh man. I got so much stuff. Seriously. Nobody would believe it. Nobody would believe the crap that I've seen. The family stuff, the radio station stuff. Just the all-around general crap. I just, you know. Kind of a chapter on fat rich in there too, Western peace. And there. Yes. How about you, Perme? I said, either. How many two way in? Hello. Hey, hey guys, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. What are you going? Uh, yesterday at the close of this show, you were trying to remember Crazy Greg Null from the book. Right. And I had two other ones for your list for today was Coconutston Broward and Bubbles. Bubbles? One time ago. Where was Ann? Uh, that was sunrise Boulevard. Where that toy store is the, uh, the, uh, for our shop or whatever they sell. Oh yeah, right. The toy store. Right. It was a great jazz club. That he niggins played. How much fun of a car there with the toy store is a matter of fine. I want spot a Ferrari there. Get out. You belong to a lot of time ago. So have it? No high solder. I made some few bucks on it. Hey, these probably are nuts? Yes. Absolutely man. You can me. Yeah. Yeah. I go out there and buy a 2000 Fed right now. I'm going to be the greatest purchase of your life. Well, I, uh, I just restored a 75 rack top and I've got a 66, uh, AC cobra. Those are the old Ryan. Next one. My year year year year year year year year. You got a good start. Get that 2005 man. It's, uh, it's the middle deal. Hey, yeah. Tell George. I still haven't seen him. I was waiting for him. I didn't build it from the show. As I haven't seen him yet. Tell my daughter. Talk to them last year. But he, uh, haven't seen him. Yeah. He talks to you. You know, you know, He, you know, He, he's really talking about. See, yeah. Yeah. What would you like peddling this guy? Drugs or something? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. No, no. He's like a total invitation. He's the piano player at Shula's. And he said, listen to the tape. Right. We're like, sir. Everybody sounds like a weeping nice guy. Maybe he sounds like he wants to like wine and die in you. Yeah. And yeah. What about the house, which in your case is always in right. But I'm very, very excited. I'm done with all the family and I'm not allowed to have any fun with my family. I've got like a special treasure island here going on. Yeah. Like you do on most Friday. But come to the sports. We will be at the sports. We will go to a sports for you by six years. Some way. Yeah. You see, they're loaves. And you know, more would be listening to a and you'll realize that there's one too round. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. On the flag on. Oh. Shake it through a set of flags. Where the head just go. I can't think that's a set of flags. All of us as new. We're here to set a sign of serenity. Because he quits it, she will always think he's feeling. Why should he just speak, going here instead of all? It's like he's been missing the word one by his friend full of love. All of that new, all of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new All of that new, all of that new I don't remember what I did this, but I'm sitting here I realized that the mic is on, how long have I had the mic switch It's all great, we turned you off Oh, did I really? Why didn't you do that? I don't know, it's all excited about the numbers I guess I was reaching over actually to do the numbers here To figure the numbers and the numbers and the figures And lie about the whatever But I had the thing on the whole, I didn't realize it I don't think I would have done that by here I was doing a live, hacking and confident That was not hacking or coughing, you're wrong about that I wasn't hacking, in fact, that wasn't even the room I got up And I walked out and picked up a couple of pieces of paper And I had some old numbers on it, and the other room And I wasn't even in here, Mr. Hotch, right? Okay I wasn't the other room going like, like that, not at all I wasn't saying anything I mean, I really began talking to myself Although of course there have been some days on the year in this town Anyway, here's the deal, what's your favorite self-order business That no longer exists? Oh God, the list is way too long, I'm not re-knowled These, I'm just gonna even like the double digit ones Oh, face 627 posts 6 Fagget line is 67, Paris World 49, entirely a park 46 Playboard club 42, Burton Jax 40, Wolfi 37, Sambo's 27 The buttons have 25 and Greg Null Sam remembered for two minutes She radioed WS-1822, she's only rock and roll baby and she's long gone That was a bad, that was bad, whoever who did that was at the pass Yeah, you bastard The studio 21, Jordan Marsh 20, my sister was team with a Gorgonzola I think Gorgonzola is now ready to go for it And it's like real rich, good you got, hadn't heard I think, at least too much Spring, great 12, Dawlt's 11, Taco Viva 10, Hollywood's squad of 2010 Hemingways 10, Gold Triangle 10, this game cannot club 10, that's it The famous has only 9, that's how can the famous have only 9, your steak house has got only 8, 10 Well, I guess that all the old Jews who did the people who really enjoyed famous And probably from eating there too many times There will never ever again be a place like that in town That's just my, I could be wrong about that Nobody ever told us the name of that Chinese restaurant was it, it was something Lee, not Christen Lee, which we know about Christen Lee, which is still around It was something Lee, I believe, like Pinky Lee, okay 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, or maybe Brenda Lee, huh? Or Jackie Lee, maybe with Jackie Lee, you ever see Jackie Lee and Moda together? Oh, Jordan's name, oh, hey, trust me, come in a queue, not there and a very loud dial tone too Wow, that was extraordinarily unsettling Come in a queue, I am hello Yes, I got a couple for your bold please Go ahead and It's a Victoria station right there by the airport Sure, Victoria station was legendary, right? Oh, yeah, I love the ribs, love the ribs Yeah, I got a Graham Union supermarket Graham Union, yes, there used to be a Graham Union right out of the corner of sunset And hundreds and hundreds of miles of them kind of right that could throw a rock from my house Yeah, yeah, and also, I don't know if you forgot this one, the way it's getting better Never heard of it Wow, what I want to get, I need to go to all the time Jordan says absolutely, okay, thanks, Sally See you at Grand Union What about since we're doing supermarkets, what about extra Extra, extra read all about it, huh? Okay, where you had a bag you owned, great B-Wi will be bringing your own bag I don't remember there was nothing wrong with the other one, the problem is they sold everything And industrial strength, the size, boxes and bags and cartons and cans And there's only so many guys like Al Goldstein, the conetal, like old family sized boxes cereal Extra They didn't last very long, didn't they? That really, and since we're doing supermarkets, what about Panty Pride? Huh? What about them? Let's get it on there, and what about was the other one that they turned the Panty Pride into That RC Farsi supermarkets, I don't think is around anymore Remember down on the 79th street causeway? There was one? Oh, hi Park? High Park, are they still in business? Oh, it looks like they were very fancy Well, I don't mean fancy, but it was supposed to be a world of kind of a health food Okay, I see, I see Healthy, you're free, you're kind of supermarkets, I don't know, I don't know what was all about Never know, nobody else did either, which is worth it, not there anymore High Park, yeah, I hope they're not around anymore, and if they are, we like them a lot 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound Farsi, see this rating trend that came out, I realize it's only a trend, okay? It's only a trend, but once again, we continue kicking it old style, okay? New style, old style, medium style, lukewarm style, we are seriously kicking ourselves, okay? Kicking the can, kicking somebody in the can, okay? So leave me alone, uh, uh, a car, a car, whatever your name is, Clarence, and of course, Ma, for a few fairs here to say that one, you know? This leave me alone, you know, you don't have any problems on this show, this show is easy And there is no maintenance, the only maintenance I'm doing here, you know, doing the engineering Got the modern, taking care of it here, the Den and Lucy V, Desh, I install them, I mean, I'm like my own radio station for Christ, I say, right, just line me up and let me go, okay? Just crank up the old cheery, let me go, let's hit Start worrying about taking care of some of your other problems that you may or may not have, just start just creating certain things out I think there's said somebody up for a fall, you know what I'm saying? I don't know if I mentioned a name is but I'm gonna like straighten his ass out tomorrow during the crossover Okay, or don't you think I should give my opinion? Well, of course I do I mean, I, because I want to see him do extremely well, and remember that stupid ass facts, I got, oh yeah, you want him to fail But I want anybody to fail, especially our leader, yeah, especially the guy that's gonna leave me, you want us to fail What a stupid ass thing that is, we want Hank with double digit shares in there, and it can only have been a fit us and of course himself But that I, man, he just, oh, he just, uh, rubs me the wrong way WCWM, hello, yes sir, oh, I've been honored, hey, how wonderful, okay? Fairfoot, milman, fairfoot milman, you know what that? Yeah, sure do, we can buy a hat with the third on it That's right, I got a ticket from you, I love you Good idea, oh, it's bigger than that, now let me ask you this question because you've seen, you know what I'm talking about Even though you pretend you haven't seen me, can't miss him because he's all over Mark Felskranson on it I would say my own guest is that he's like between like 22 and 25 years or whatever my guest Okay, would that be a good get? Would you agree with that? Sure, okay I just mentioned that in passing because I don't know what's legal to think No, I'm not talking about legal, I'm just saying that's just a nice age, just what I'm saying Oh, no, yeah, yeah, he's so much like fresh face in his eyes, I said, not quite as glossy as Jennifer, but I don't know glossy is the word with that pitch, for she is he They showed her this morning after that court deal and she did, I don't know what it is, those eyes, I'm How big they will actually pop out of her head one of these days pretty soon, you know, for WQAM, hello, hey, how you doing? What did you speak to me? Speaking, hey Neil, what happened there in our unit? Pretty good, what is nowadays to you? I'm like, why is I'm sure, how about Anthony's pizza rhea? Anthony sounds very familiar, where was that? There was two out in Kendall, one out Terry Grove, which was 97 in Kendall and one out That 137 in Kendall, one out in the eight street, that's where Jeff Cohen got his start, that was fired The pizza law, Bobby Dan, okay, how about that? I'm trying to make on bird roads. Trying to make, I don't know, I do hear the name of the two, because you obviously are Dave County, first, you know the one that we're all about, I was talking about. No, no, how about cold start, Delhi on eight street, about 60 seconds? Okay, and how about having a great day? Thank you, got those? Got them? I had the feeling he was going to keep going, you know? Which is okay, I did say you know, well, I want to get at least 40 per 50,000 people on here by two o'clock. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, the fact that we put him on here. That really, i mean, that's it all. And then we got that hockey season, maybe it looks certain promising, Yelding, in fact, I would tune in at least lunch right now if I were you and see what go orders are saying. free and silly and then hopefully two back on the crowd picking up in Chicago. Well they're always good you know what I think we'll have to leave it. Oh it's the Carter Cup finals the fannings and the walls are you whipped up about that? How about you guys got that on that series right? Oh yeah. Two. W 2 a m hello. Yes sir pretty good. I was thinking of Heidi Island. Honey Island. I'll call you. Right. I think we got it on there. I'll take it. Okay you won't. Five. Who is thinking of Connie Island? Number Connie? Yeah they should hear her. Yeah that's exactly the Connie I was thinking of right. Five six I remember Connie Francis. She was a little bit of a problem there. And that's because she kept to go to Fort Loderdale. She would have been okay if she just stayed out of there. She kept doing that where the boys are. Where the boys are and she could lining up at the Marlin Beach. You know that's not the kind of love you're getting on it. You're fair. I think you're a part of that movie. Was it really? Was Turkey Evelyn in an orbit? Yeah well whatever. I sure liked Turkey Evelyn for about five minutes. He was a no talent. He couldn't say he couldn't act. He was pretty good. He sure had more talent than Fabian. Boy who was he doing? Fabian was a real sister. He was kind of like an Amazon. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. W 2 a m hello. Yeah. Speaking. Yeah. There is a why a puncher fight is not in business anymore. He's the guy that were owned by a pleasant food. Who went to a business a couple of few years ago. That's why a puncher fight and a high-depart closed down. I see. Yes. There are a used to working planning and they supply a puncher fight and extras. And a puncher fight. We're under business a few years. Why have they obviously did a hell of a job right? I know. They have a minus touch and reverse. Okay. Thanks a lot, man. I'm coming up. I'm coming up. I can't believe this. Well, I've said it once again. It's a little relief. The no pressure anymore. Now for another month with that trend. It takes a little bit of pressure on. Once we lose that march. We might have a stellar and as kicking spring. You know that? Good. We might have a humongous spring book. Which means the extra motorboresmen of the station. If we can do something else, that's another day part. And of course, now that the marlins are going again. And of course, the basketball thing. Now what's the story? One of the playguns is tonight or do they play a bit more? Oh, it's being forced tonight? Yeah. The heat are being there because I keep thinking, Now this is, this is a... This is a... This is a... This is a... This is a... I'm gonna bring you a part. Eight, five, it's two, two. Oh, that's where I was asking. I thought the piston started up. One, two, two, and it's been... Two, two. See, there's that two, two again. If you talk to Eira and two much about five, you might have for the two, two. So you need to wear it or hang it around your neck like an albatross. You're in my stand-lead answer or hairy harboury. Harvey, whomever you prefer. Well, I'd say my knowledge of harness racing is so vast and useless. I hope that Dick Fine versus thing, because he's the only person at any time I make any of those references. He is most definitely the only one that's got any idea what I'm talking about. One, fourteen, it's QMH. If you think you got termites in your home, you've got to call our good friends at Riddit Pescontrol Day for free, termite inspection. Because once those termites get out of control, once they start mothafine like termites, you got real tourist man. Your houses are gonna start falling apart real fast. Riddit Pescontrol uses that amazing orange oral treatment that kills your termites and termites on a percent of contact. I mean, they're gone faster than you can say we're number one in kick-and-serious asshole style. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them for every end of best part of the deal when you call Riddit. They don't put that circus tent on your house. Well, that is, we've got to be one of the biggest pains in the ass. They put the tent on there. They like close the whole thing. If you have to move out to a motel for days, at least for a whole weekend. Not with Riddit, there's no worry about food or pets in your health. They treat your home with this amazing orange oral. And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they don't treat you your property, you're with who left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. They specialize in private homes and apartment buildings and condos, town homes, all of these things. So it's true. If you have a termite problem, here's the smart thing to do. No more tenting. Call Riddit Pesh control right now. And they'll give you all the information about this amazing orange oral treatment that kills termites and the legs. 400 percent on contact. No tenting. No BS. No kidding. Call right now for free inspectors. Absolutely no obligation. Call Riddit at 1-800-447-4348. That's why 10447-43-48. But it comes to sports. Just believe for the off story. 4-3-0-56. 2-8-9. We'll re-nakes some re-mates. Our judge can be being re-named. So best of themselves. Returns has rocky bountiful up to defend his title against the formidable Oh, how we dated in Rocky's art 27th. You want some of that bum? I could have been a good controller. It actually doesn't have it. It's a good controller. No, no, who is this guy? He's my hammer David. He was known as the ring as the mighty moment, David. A lot of trouble green was just a dummy. Well, I don't want to use any epicance. But when I get you in the ring, I'm gonna mobilize you. Up the world for this. No, get out of here. I can tend to challenge you to be a while to the champion. Oh, I said get out of here. You don't scam me. Why I'll make my speed out of here. You're on part. I know. Like it's you. I'm your role. Then I'll tell people I'm the assistant. You're a tough guy, huh? Why are you? Hey. You're not a good boy. You're a good boy. I did it. I missed. Get ready. Who took the go? Exactly. Why didn't you open the door? No, no, no. I missed you. He's got a couple of days off. Who's on tomorrow? We've got Curtis Stevenson on tomorrow. Who's our favorite Curtis in the building by very far. He does a fine job. He'll be on for the moment tomorrow. I bet you'll all be back on Monday. What do you think? Right? Well, and then we can say, hey, thanks a lot for participating. And keep in mind, by the way, that just dawned on me, that these trend numbers are 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Croclinks for partnering for a spectacular trend mole. Assuming he had some to do with it, you think? I'm sure he helped. Are you? Nope. Are you sure? Do you want to do Q.A.M. Hello? Hi. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. How are you doing? Okay. I was going to tell you the pub on Coral Lake. Right. And John's ice cream parlor on Miracle Mile in the Gable. Okay. Okay. Gables, what do you use to be, is it? No, it's a toilet. Okay. Thanks. And I love you. I love you so much. Whatever you do, if that's the case, don't be flush in the correct way. Don't be flush in the Quran in the Gables. No. Well, we've placed everything. I bet you do. Have a great day sweetheart. You two think? Okay. She's a flushing clushing. You know, look at his brushing and cheese flush. But maybe she's got some crust. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got a little crust around the edges. When you get to be an old fart like me. You know, Tom's dick is speaking of the bald people. Okay. It just sticks in my crawl. I don't even know what a crawl is. But if I had one, it would stick right in there. That idiotic article he wrote, which I'm not trying to look. I'm not a thin skin. I've been having plenty of criticism in my time. There's plenty of people hate me like poison, including inside the building. And that's okay. I'm not here to win popularity contest. And just here to make people money and make some myself. And do it for decent job. But that business about, well, the real challenge will be of Neil can keep by. I'm, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I used to have that article. I finally Schmidt came to it. You know, I'll be out of touch because I'll be doing a show from Toronto. Well, guess what, Mr. Balls, Marty pants? I'm not doing any more shows out of that studio in Miami. Ever, you could bait your life on it. And how do you like that? And you can throw in a very jackass to why you're at it. I'll throw us around paper. But in the Jim Sarni. Throw him in there. And he never like, uh, yeah, it's one of those things. It's, you know what, it reminds me of it's like Sarni and the pull on the rich walls. You take the pull and then you're going to see how it turns out. And then you just pretend like it ever happened. You know what I mean? What do you mean? And it's the same thing with jica like, well, we'll see now if he can, you know, and here we're just continue kicking you mongous, smelly, and nasty, grow, test, uh, breath, oh, mass. And he's like oblivious to it, you know. I know you're listening Tom, okay. I'm not saying that you've got to like kiss my ass and your column. But certainly, because he has to write about the ratings anymore. You know, like the last book you even acknowledge it. It just doesn't exist anymore. Which I think he may have a pretty good point. 560560, palm 560, maybe Verizon, singular wireless line. What's your favorite software of business that no longer exists? Does K1 or 2 have any votes? Because that guy was pretty adamant. And of course that that was kind of a cult thing, you know. K102, but oh yeah. Let me take a few kids. He's got two votes. K102 is got two. WQA, and hello. Yes sir. Talking about groceries or to get a takeaway wiggly? Tingly and wiggly. Now would it be really in software, huh? Yeah, there was one for a girl and about 50 times a year. You've got your brand. You've got your brand here, NN. Then it would be wiggly and now it's a mile on it. I'll be damned. I don't want to thank you. I don't want to have that a brand new. It was pretty good story. In fact, I remember the one by me there. I'm 107 and son said. They had just like read down the whole story. And I'll have you know, and they come in and they re-model the story. And they have the deli, the fresher, all the takeout stuff. And so I just beautiful. And then all of a sudden there was something else one day. Right after they finished doing that. And then they switched on like a lot of beans. And then I moved. 560, 750, 60 pound, 560, the Verizon and singular wireless line. I've had you if you eat too much of that, then you want to be in a has. Being? Yeah. WQA, you still want to eat? Hello. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I just turned it. What about number talk? Clamp said? Yeah, but you're still open. We found out. I talked about them and tarps is great and the good news is they're still around. And in the other one that I thought of was the down under. Where it was at? That was, it was on the other coast like think. Oakland Park maybe in the other one. I remember that. Yes, the down under. I do remember that. Yeah, it was an actual restaurant. And log on. Okay. Thanks, pal. I feel. Down under. You got it. Nothing like having a little thunder down under. There was another one with a similar name. Oh, come to me. There's only like 75,000. You'll notice all these people that I've known over the years. Oh, I went open up a restaurant. I went open up. You know, something. This should prove to you. It's not just that we're all about your pigs and buttons. Which, of course, we are. But when you look at the percentage of the businesses that have mentioned on the pull here, except for a couple of race tracks and a couple of, you know, amusement places like six flags, the over and pirates were the overwhelming majority of places on here are restaurants. Right, reason for that being that the restaurant business is just brutal. It is very difficult. So if anybody likes to rise, it's been around for a long time. The odds are pretty good. That's going to be a. It was Henry Lee's. That's the name. What? I'm like a. Huh? That's the death of the military. A mind like a steel trap. Henry Lee's Chinese. That was the name of that place on the corner of. U.S. law federal highway, U.S. one. And state road 84 and four-laradell. Henry Lee's. That was there. I'm sure it's not there anymore. Could have been now. Huge place. Big guy in the food was magnificent. Very, very good. W2AM. Hello. A big one, Neil? Speaking. Yes, Neil. How about our leap of sunrise and, uh, U.S. one? You must have tuned in Lake, because not only is on our pool, but the guy that used to own it called in earlier. Oh, okay. Yeah. I've been in it out of the car. Yeah. I'd like that. Must be your second powers. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Yeah. And even this is gone. And the guy called in the, give us the son of the answer in the story about that beat. That a book, but what if they couldn't do the kimono bread because of the salt and et cetera? Yeah. It's very difficult. I've never been able to really understand that fully, but I guess anybody that understands making good bread or like pizza though or any. Uh, understand that, uh, which is why they say one of the reasons the pizza in New York is so great because the Hudson River, uh, and again, I don't understand why. Because probably a lot of guys have peed in it, but the Hudson River is supposedly somewhat of best water in the country. Were you worth that? No, I was. So the water in New York that they use in their baking helps to make that kind of dough and it's almost impossible to duplicate it in Florida. In fact, there were some places where they were like shipping in bottles of New York water. In Florida to make like pizza and they could stuff like that. I mean, it sounds a little bit bizarre, but it happens to be true, which means here the water in the Toronto must really suck because the pizza is just the absolute worst. I mean, it is bad. It is so bad. And of course being diabetic and not supposed to be eating that in the first place. When you find a place that's like puts sugar in the dough and sugar in the sauce, it's like a double whammy, you know. It's kind of like double whammy. And not only that, but plus it's not saying anyway, you know. See with me, like I've told you many times, it's a good model of bi, all you fat people and diabetic people and dying people, which is all of us. I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying. If you're going to cheat, cheat with something good, you know. Oh, all right, I'll write that down. I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about food. I know exactly where you were going. And of course, anamore isn't in town anymore, but never left. We got a really hot blonde on the website today. I guarantee it. There isn't one head of our sexual in this audience, so I wouldn't like to cheat with her many, many times. But third man. In fact, I don't think you considered that cheating. Would you? I wouldn't be cheating. I think treating not cheating. My house is like you've got this. I think it's person now. Thank you. Thank you so much. I believe the life heart of all of you is not a part of anything. But whose name is Birkuejen? Bilkuejen is 13. Borgeueh known as hyb winds. Borgeuehehem. Louder, booder. NETABARET A little bit late. Borgeueh known asotlord. Every time I lay in the kitchen, I make a Vermaids Bloggord. To break my right hand, I make a fluffy and white geweest doggy for Colore. Oh no, the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door door door door to the door door door to the door to the door to the door say let him stop or I will stay here because I tell him before this we are getting out of the door to the door, come back and sit down, go in the door and guide him to the door to the door in the door to the door to the door, there only a door door full to the door door to the door and door to the door door to the door door to the door to the door, you can now see, just listen and have a drink of permission, will you see, freely just be quiet then sit down and think something to do with a drink? or can I geen one that? Just be quiet, try to know what you're doing with a drink and be talk with a drink and carry a drink, gently do not jump at your door It's too late, of course most of you don't care, but to us it means bonus money eventually when a whole book comes out. And it would like once again, lifting up the entire joy fire, boot by its bootstraps. Oh, brother, they just, they're just never going to get it, are they? I'm just, I just, I get my arms and discover this. Yeah. We're just concentrating on what we do here. Just concentrating on us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and we've arrived in a single-to-wilded slime. You're favorite, I like this idea for a pool to borrow my shoes to do this. You see this face that you said, me, I'm sure you did. What place out of business or current was the best place to pick up women or men and well, yeah, that's good idea. I do like that pool. And then their photos for area code 305 for the slutty women. Let's praise the question correctly. Okay, I'm able to erase the name of place. Yeah, I'm done. That was great. Name of place. In fact, that could be our pool every day. Name of place, name of guy. Oh, my God, that's not right either. Name of person. Name of person. Yes. Name of place. Yeah, I like to speak when I'm out there like that. I mean, I'm just getting a bit of emotion to play. Yeah, I'm going to go. Right up there by the count of his age. I'm surprised nobody mentioned the cactus. Maybe they're back in business normal would know. He probably knows about all those hunts. How many Q-A-M hello? He'll go neale. Yes, I am. You're absolutely right about the water in New York, by the way, because the vehicles are the best there also, and that's the best. That's true. The vehicles, that's another reason they can't duplicate those vehicles. Even if lender came back to life. So what, can I give you two to say God before giving you a list? Sure, can. Wag the service was terrible. I love the way we mentioned that a million times on this show, but every time we do one of these I forget about it. Wags, I ate there as a million times, night and night especially. Yep. And E-Mac and Bollyow is just a favorite. They made a comeback. I remember exactly where, but somebody called them a few weeks ago said that they opened up somewhere there. Really? Yes, we'll find out. I'll go check it out. I think maybe in Boko. Oh, okay. I'm on my way. Okay. Thanks. Bye-bye. E-Mac and Bollyow is now there was a place, remember those days on Zayn, of course you don't. Nope. They were due. E-Mac and Bollyow is in fact, I remember the young man that worked there at E-Mac and Bollyow is 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he bought his Zayn a days. They were sure that was a lot of fun for a little while. And of course they made Tim Williams a GM over there at Guy Gannard Broadcasting. That was the end of that. What a worse man. Oh, but he's got kids who listen, and of course by another adults, you know, after all these years. So if he's still alive, Tim Williams, I want to say for all of his family, he's still the same. I'm sure he's still the same. He goes back then. He's a real joist, full. God, what an idiot. Oh, you said, pissed off. Yeah, that goes to show it. We can even, even with all the restrictions we have now, we can still say, pissed off. Okay. He was having a kitten about that. He said, I'm nervous right now because I said, pissed off on you. Oh, my God, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, yeah, right. See what he's still saying that on here, Tim Williams. You fair, you were quizzing you. Of course, the fact like I've told you a million times that he was the son of law, the owner of the radio station, didn't hurt his chances for me, the general manager. And he replaced Gary Lawrence who happened a little bit pretty good guy. And was certainly one of the best people, I've ever worked for was Gary Lawrence. The only thing I didn't like when we had our first, the didn't Gary call them on the year one day was, what was the occasion was it my 25th anniversary show or something? Something like that. One of those deals. In fact, Bill Toul from a W. J. and OS Palm called him with his line green pants. He actually called it and I wanted to say either 20 or 25, whatever it hell they are, you know, 20, trying like a football game, the 20, the 25, the 30, you know, the 30's coming up. Next March, well, I'm just thinking what is trend that came out today. And I'm just pat my self on the back. Real good. It's good exercise. They got something like real special like balloons or stuff. Of course, I won't be there, but nevertheless, you can ask an enjoy thing. Bring in a whole feast. They can all the restaurants. Right. You guys can just eat until you're sick and to your pass out right on the counter. That's not like a real plan. I mean, it's only June second here. It's a long way to march. But I'm still, I mean, you know, and then after the 30, just forget about it. Because they only think of the important numbers. In fact, I'm thinking again that both those papers, they have like a major flood page stories if I live that long, you know? And that'd be great. That'd be something. Yeah. Like unlikely is what it is. Line nine, W. J. I'm going to go play. WQAM. Hello. Who has cooking? I have no idea. He's online. My name is California Jack. California Jack. So, okay. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. California Jack. She got it. We got it. That's why people are so sour about the surface. Not so good because most of the good places are closed now. That explains part of it. I'm not sure what the rest of it is, but that's definitely part of the reason. Now, today we've had all these nice people call them. This has been a real machiah, hasn't it? Yeah. Because we got something that they can think they're teeth into. I told you. Oh, no. Nobody wants you about all these old places that closed up 30 years ago. Well, they still don't want to hear about it. But they'll call and talk about it. In other words, you don't like this pool. I can't believe it. Oh, no. I like the pool. Fine. No, you don't. I know Joshua and like it because he never heard any of these places. Well, you're right on that. What? You don't like it or you haven't heard it more both. Let's go with the wolves. Oh, okay. Well, maybe you want. Maybe you need to go out there and give us some more out of your system. Maybe you left a little something in there. Okay. He's going to put the list up and go visit all of these places. Hey, you can kind of like pass this long type it up real life. Pass it along to the sales department. So in Berkeley starts making those cold callers, she can start right at the top of it. It was like six flies at night. It's a big good job. Which is a good job. She'll have mine by Monday. So long as they bring us free food. There you go. See? Let's get some fries from adults. Oh, boy. Which is on it. How much did they have the first cheese fries? Must have been adults. Seriously, I'm not joking about that. Dulls had, and of course being a cheese lover, which probably oil clogged your arteries really bad. I love that place, but it's just they just had sick that sick melted cheese on everything, you know? Even on the plate, if you just ordered an empty plate, you'd still get like a playful of cheese. W2QAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Hi. Yes. Sure. How you doing? All right. Every time you bring up the rest of them, except that always reminds me of the worst cheese, too. And that was quirky, if you remember, quirky is a mighty good. Right. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I knew sooner or later, we finally had the jackpot. And I thought it was a big jackpot, and it is just a... I could just see at least two fingers reaching right there. Yeah, we don't really want to worry. What was it up there? How about the button? 20-two-two-a-two, and we got the gullie, my chair. The gullie might dare at foot, so for more, the saffin' nose. What comes with a team? What goes on those wheelbudges? Your life's been changed. Which one of your five statistics was the most important thing going to happen? It was almost every morning, exactly a matter of four, but nothing could prepare me when I've not found rallys or he was browsing, he was going to be in his bad need of a shame, he was just about to put a can into the macro. I am used to pass through many cities, cared he was reading the sun's end, and he's overware, I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be, and there was exit crucifix, a face for all to see. I didn't see except me. I had held him to mold a hole, but I... I've used his in red by me's charm. Yes, brother, Ricky, change my mind about all that people think. Cos fun and I watch my hands, I watch my sense of weight, and I learn to be in government, I watch that Robertson, and I'll vote for that, you can't even be this rough. I'll pretend to be a mixture, but my liberal laser gunball is I found Jesus in red by me's job. All right. Back, back, back, back. 145, don't forget, SUDGE is going to be on with George's several times during the summertime, I would imagine as many times as we can get him. Is he still doing nothing? He's still doing a whole lot of nothing, and quickly. Wouldn't mean by that. He does it frequently in Dockham. I'm not talking about that. Oh, nothing. Oh, seriously, I don't understand that. I mean, isn't he like... Doesn't he, well, I guess, say, if his wife is going to support him the rest of his wife, or is that fine? He's right. If he can get it, he can get it, he can put up with Rick all those years, and be treated like crap. I'd like to have that. He gave me about 2% of what goofball there was making. That's kind of scandalous if he has to. Yeah, and it's considering that most people put up with Rick because it says, They exactly. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Two things. First of all, I wanted to mention the wagger I stomped the way to beat me to it. Yeah, why isn't he very good? Yeah, I picked the hell out of Denny's right, how I bet he said. Oh, by a minion mouse. Yeah, I've fooled him. Which is good great, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And other thing, you need to take a swindling off the risk, because there's still one way. I'll be damn worth it. Hey, it's in top Miami on US one right next door of the factory. Which store you were talking about. No, I see that. I guess that's conspiracy right there. So yeah, I just want to give it those two things. Thanks for doing those values. I think, okay, so we got to get specs and the swinds and stuff. They were very sorry about that. There's the swinds in Plantation somewhere, I believe, or Matamrak, at least it was. I'm sure it's long gone. So I just noticed that I loved you in a, and in a mission, all these years found me with Middivy. You hate, like poison. What? Recrawing. That's not what I said. I didn't say it, but you said there. I mean, my goodness. And then you get that feeling, uh, giant. But he just said that people tolerated him because of sides. Yes, I said it. A little angry. Sounded hostile. That's the fact. By the way, why do I do it? That's why the joke goes that most people put up with the right. They could hear funny questions. The show and also, personally, two-extension. Well, little teeny tiny baby steps. I've got you this summer. I bet you one day George comes down. Those days out of the blue. There was a time. We can't go over this. There was a time, but we, uh, we meant that our pets, you mentioned you. For the end there. Yeah. Okay. And by the way, so yes, I happened to enjoy the Rick and said show a lot. Before we started doing the stock market stuff, and that's such and so on. Well, I'm going to tell you one thing. I'm just disturbed that you said that because, uh, figure this year up about 30% yet it's only training at a 13-peasy. I was thinking, and maybe I'm going to do a little, and I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you, like, ten David Cohen for an hour every day and put him on the air and do some of that boring stuff from the gambling. That's a spectacular idea. And that's a great idea. And then see if we could whittle that six, six shared, I don't know about a one-six. I think we could work on it. And I should they have a hockey season. Yeah. The river hour. Oh, the hockey shows are definitely making a comeback. And we know who could be on a co-hosting with the river. Yeah. Yeah, we had a guilty and remind me of the East River and so on. Sure. Right. At least lose your lunch. At W2AM. At W2AM. Hello. Yep. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Good. Couple of things. Somebody just stole my thunder because that's the direction that, um, Swent is over next week. Right. You can see it's almost like you can spiritsy just to prove how stupid we are. Right. We have a little dessert. Okay. But the two things I want to tell you is that gentleman who called about Don Carder's. Right. And Kettle? It's a Gauder. If you want to judge with Sanders another Don Carder's somewhere else. Yeah. I've been a lot of them. Yeah. Yeah. Timber. Okay. So as long as he's one of a round. We'll just go one lap. But you remember Don Carder? I mean, you remember his, uh, that lift hand and the style is that we're unusual. I did it back in the day. But he is. He is. He is. I'm like, Paul was like the big teacher down there at Don Carder's. I don't know what I'm going to do with that. Yeah. I can tell all I am now. Oh, but you can't. Okay. Thanks a lot. Do you think? Yes. Okay. Your father's mustache and stuff. Yeah. Remember that? And your mom. Oh, I don't know. We're five as much to it. Right. But 24 hours right there with the, uh, We're the whole some bakery center used to be. Okay. And then also you had, uh, mudways. You had to know mudways. Yes. I did. And also says canobar. What is it? Did you know bar? Yes. That was one of the greatest places in the world. Well, I'll be damn not normal. Well, I'll say, well, okay. Nothing around here at all. Exactly. You got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Got to play. Five six, seven, five, six. The time five, six to the early Verizon and singular wireless line. So many places run. I don't think this is the least bit boring. Of course, if you're under the age of 70, it probably is. But then what are those people know? Yeah, nothing. I mean, all of these things that we're talking about here, well, you're just limited in your scope. You all say, well, sir, beans, you're on any part of it. That's not true. If they don't do a lot of drug, sir, beans, or if they're in a bunch of brains, land around or, uh, billion, uh, bulling bulls, that's got shot out of people's orifice. Maybe like pink on bulls. How about bulling bulls? That's it. Well, maybe can't they will some make it come back? Five six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, sixty, sixty, sixty. Speaking of dying part, or right, see how that all kind of fit in? Uh, pound five, sixty. I'm super rising and singular wireless line. I have no idea why, but they just kind of like tickled me there myself. Probably nobody else, but that I'm a little strange. In case you haven't noticed. WQAM, hello. Hello, me, yo. Yes. Uh, yeah, there's another splints in light off point, too. Well, thank God we're taking that piece off our list. Yeah, uh, how about the splinty factor? Yeah, it's on there. That was the Allen. Yeah, that was the Allen, right. So for law, it's okay. But, Peter, you know, that's on there. Uh, Freddy's anchor bar? Oh, I mentioned that before. I was only halfway joking. Is that gone finally after 100 years? Yeah, yeah, there's a car dealership there now. Oh, boy, Freddy's anchor bar. I was like, uh, like a landmark. Yeah, uh, a cool spring or a few alpine deli? Okay. Okay. No. And then the pink Buddha? What about, uh, what about the Golden Buddha? Remember the 125th in this game, blah, blah, blah. There was a Chinese restaurant called the Golden Buddha. Oh, blah, blah. Oh, yeah, but to that's gone. How about Rosewood? For water off the boat. Okay. All right, yo. Thanks. Have a good day. How about the Golden Buddha? What do you say? Yeah, your name. I think it's gone. I'm not positive about it. I've owned a bigger life on it. Huh? I don't know. It's gone. That was a pretty good place. How many am you all there? We just north have a living 125th in this game. Full of heart. Now, these pizzas fill air. We decided on that. What used to be there? There was a pumpkin if they're on the corner. The big restaurant. What else used to be there? Do they? You're what I'm talking about? 125th in this game across from a city bank. Whatever that bank is there was. Oh, I mean, I know the intersection. All right. No, what used to be there? I'll be there. There must be something there now. I think Sarah's pizza is just like, like, each of there going across, uh, to take a dive and dip into water. I think Sarah's pizza is over there. Remember the guy called from Sarah's room? We're doing the pizza thing. I guess I did. It's delicious. Oh, I see. For any of the, uh, even the glass shard is, it's okay. 153 at 560QM don't forget gilding. Got some hot hockey news stuff out. What? What? Some sports. We're the out four. Super Spangled Bikes. It's back. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. We're the out four. Yes, Sarah, you can always pay us out of all in biobiles, man. No matter what we're talking about there on this flush and right down. I wouldn't have to be using the first of us. Really bad for your rum. All right. Right, Roy. Anyway, here's the pull result. I'll take me to five o'clock tomorrow morning. I'll take you to five o'clock. What's your favorite soft photo business that no longer exists? I don't know. Before I do this, I noticed that Waxi, seven ninety, starting to make a little bit of a move. I think that's because we left the door open. Typically, when we did all of it, we didn't around back in January. Even though it's early June now, but nevertheless, we left the door open. We are like, I left it open a crack. And once you do that, before you know it, like a whole bunch of people start jamming away in their jamming it. What's your soft favorite soft photo business that no longer exists? Six flies at line is 73. It's been the leading right from the get-go. I guess they just like that tube, but that slides you right down the water, right? Right. Or maybe they just like hanging around watching all those of people going on the water. Maybe they're much of petathals that want to watch those little kids naked. Maybe that's it. Tyrant's World 51, Burton Jazz 51, highly of Park 49, playboard club 49, Wolfie 39. She is got about thirty minutes. Sambo's 29, the button South 25, the studio 24. And that was just too good to be true. George March 21, 14, Fr. Taco Viva and Mineros, 13 for the Hollywood sport of toy. Or whatever it says here, spring break 13 and missed that bad. We don't want them pucks in here, man. Young and drinking in there, a sectioned up and doing stuff. Gold triangle for Elb, this game channel club 12, Dolce 11, the famous 11, Hemingway's 10. Now you said your wife used to work in Hemingway? Yeah, she was the host of Lobby Dan. And then they went out of business. How about that? Castle Park 9, New York Statehouse 9, almost Peach Arena 8. Oh, that's not, it was Peach Arena Uno, but that's okay. Whatever today they'll know. That's my bad. Porky Zade, Villadele 8 and 8 and 8. Peach's records in tape 7. Neva 7, thanks again for the roast beef guy calling in the Yagada. Open the Neva's there. Open it, Shane. Jefferson 7, 9, he served in teriams six. Art, play, art, stock, tape in. Art, play as stock pen, six. Or a stock, big pen. The Swedenhouse 6, Peach, they Charlie 6. Well, they have that, all you can eat peel in the eat shrimp and that the pitches is sangria. Would the lemons in it? Why did they put lemons in sangria? I guess for the same reason they still didn't do it because white is a orange is in the stomach. Yeah, they can get a little fruity. You fare what you eat about it. I know about fruit. Spice Apple 6, Piccolo 6, Junior 6, the Cave 5, K-pop tree 5, K1, O2, 5, K1, O2, they had a bad signal. I guess that's magic now, right? Magic one or two points in my right? Magic at a good trend, by the way. That's because Rick Shaw has played his own music. K-confetti for black eines for Marlon B. Cho-Tel, four. I'm never going to get through all these. A Coney Island tree and then Coney Island another tree. So it's under twice, so I don't know what that means. Most of them tree Marshal Major's tree, stand majors in getting any. Teenis for getting house three, rubies three, turf pub three, Prince Hamlet tree, the toast tree, two for figaro's, my pie, our donuts, stand dows, the ranch house, ill-tool-a-pano, bodega steak house, place for steak and one of these for down under. Pigly Bringley, Bairfuck Mailman, extra supermarket, grand discount wrong, grand union supermarket, incredible universe, dirty earnings, Lindsey Lumber, the alley, Jan's, Jackson Virgins, and Rocky Grazianis, and everybody else has got the big... Bye, bye, bye!