America's becoming the most fanatic over the just not job country in the world. I mean it's just it's unbelievable. And the media there and of course, they'll jump on anything. Anything that sells, you know, anything that's hot right now. And of course, they've always been terrified of not to religion anyway. So now that they feel that there's this new wave of religious hysteria sweeping the country, that that's all they got. We got that guy with his the positive. What else that thing called the prayerful positive purposeful life? I mean, seriously, I looked down at the bull this morning. I thought I was clushing him down there, which I only wish it would have been him. Everywhere you're looking is there. Oh, speaking of that Tom Delayman, who let Daddy die by the way, that was a daddy or grand daddy. We got that story out of it. Yeah, had them pull the tube on him. He's a day. He let his brain damage father die. 17 years ago, yeah. They maybe, or they didn't take extraordinary measures to extend his father's life. But that was then, and this is now. Hi, perquitable. I think that there's a blessing in this though. I think that the the right wing, the only problems that Democrats are, you know, they're a wall because they're screwed in everything, they're screwed in their own shadows, they're missing, they're just missing an action. But the public is now finally, a lot of people starting to get really scared to death of all this religious insanity. I mean, when you got Randall Terry out running around with a rabid, Reverend Pat Murphy there, whatever hell his name is, I don't know. I mean, Jesus, God, all might just screaming and carrying on. And I don't know, that, I don't know. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. He has Jesus, he's fighting. Can't you see the fighter in there? That's our office pull this morning, Terry, or the pope. He can't even speak. Talk about a dead man in a chair. She said more of the privacy, he did than he had. Yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. Yeah. I know that I want my MTV, I mean, I was a little bit over the top. God, what were these people going to cut their crap? And just, it always a Florida thing, always, whether it's very on, whether it's, you know, the two people got hurt, just felt would be chug, chug, chug, chug gate, Jesus. When the hell is it ever stopped? And I guess never, because like Tammy Facer, the media are much of lunatics, they're crazy people. Okay, let's, let's, let's, you know. Oh, bad news, got a celebrity death, nine or celebrity. Although I like the group a lot. The drummer from the 80s are Australian rock band, Crowden House, hanged himself in a park and so then Australia, Paul history 46 when missing on Friday, his body was found Saturday in a park Saturday or that's, they're on group. Remember that Saturday in the park? That's where they found his body. He was home in the southern city of Melbourne. He's to play in several small bands before joining the New England Group split ends in 1983. He and split ends, singer-neal Finn from Crowden House 85, would bat a bass player and Ximor. Crowden House is one of Australia's most successful bands in late 80s and early 90s with international head such as Don't Dream It's Over and whether, with you. He's dead. Well, I don't know how they like that. I guess Crowden House pretty much is dead too, huh? Yeah, for a while. Well, there you go. At least they won't have to worry about pulling out that tube, right? Oh, that, that nice work on this. That went over really big, man. Me, between... You're fair, man. And you! That was just had them all rock and roll on the 30. Jordan's pull on Friday, which I think is an extraordinarily bad taste of I enjoyed a lot. What would be a good job for Terry Shirebo? Maybe she could be the interpreter for the Pope. Huh? I mean, I know he speaks a lot of different languages, but lately he ain't, not he ain't seen that either. He couldn't even must have one of those. And there's all them Getskies out there and say Peter's Square, and he comes to the window. I say he comes to the window. They shoved him to the window, and he's like, you know, making the PR approach hearing the whole deal. And there are, there he is. The Holy Father, that little Polo can address, you know, what is wrong with this world, man? What if we're taking that pull today? Because I'm just fooling it to mouth. Ordinarily I can't stand it anyway. But I've reached a saturation point. It religious people are just, you're, you're a Columbus man. You're killing it. Believe anything you want. Any fairy tales, any crap, any garbage of leave us alone. That's, that's all. And the very simple thing to ask, that's supposed to be what America was founded on is, you know, separation, search and state, religious tolerance, colonialism, all the, all the things. Yeah. Are you trying to be right history? Yeah. No. Oh, there he is. This is your fat ass governor. I'm asking a lot of attention to this given as you make nature. Yeah. You fat ass, Tony Lyer, would you dysfunctional, fully fat ass family? Man who are you kidding? Gotta despise him. Anyway. Sure, guess what being the job for Terishravel. A CTOV passenger 455, very poor taste. Total collector in a sun pass lane, 228. That one came in late and divided it well. WCWM receptionist 158, there would be a big improvement for most of the time. Speed bump 98, tooth model 63, door stop 58, Venus fly-traffed 41, bed warmer 29 and mannequin 24. Very good for taste. Two lower hog guys, not for that. No, we don't. We don't. We'll tell you what we do on our pod drives for. And that said horrible picture today, Kylie Menogue. Yeah, well. So today will be the last, unless we come across from a great new one. Right. The last celebrity we do curtain and we're just, well, but we don't have celebrities. If they're hot they look great, who the hell needs to know their name, right? That's what I always say. Who needs to know the name. Let's start sending a new batch today into more. Well, good for you. So we're Italian and old today with a tennis racket over her movies, and this one kind of one little nip showing it. But it. Yeah. So we apologize, but we're, yeah, she's well known. Where did you learn this? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just the helpers. Does that seem clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living. You company man. You're fairing. The H1 celebrity fifth club is helping overweight actors to up on one of the towns. Now, except for the skinny stars to put on a few, it's the H1 celebrity thing club. Lara Blimboil, last week you weighed 91 pounds in your goal was to gain four pounds. Step on the scale. 91 pounds again. I thought you were going to double the size of your breakfast. I did. I had two more of a world in four techs. The H1 celebrity fifth club puts these slender starlets on the road to weight gain with their own personal trainer. Okay, ladies. How did you reach the entire pineapple? I can do this. What do you think we're going to do next? Marricade Olson. My? No. Who is the floor hard? I'm her old, pretty Murphy. I'm just wrong again. Everyone on the couch and started pieces now. Let's go, moon. No. Don't fear. Yeah. Celebrity then club. Only on the H1 with big stars gets falling and small stars hit bigger. I think I called Pat Mahoney a Pat Murphy. Do not think different Murphy Mahoney. Oh, the run. The irreverendly hysterically anxious Reverend Pat Mahoney. That one. It was 20 past 10 at five, 16 WQA. We almost had a major contra time. So I've been very excited. We almost had the showdown of the Penelis Park Corral. Oh yeah. Our exact red red order, the Terry Shival, was not to be removed from our hospice. The team of Florida law enforcement agents was on route to seize her and have her feeding Jew re-inserted. But they stopped shirt when local police told them they would enforce the judges order to Harold his learn. Agents of the FDLE told police in Penelis Park. They were on their way to take it to a hospital to resume her feeding. We insert these. Jew. But for a brief period local police, with officers around the hospice to keep their families safe. They were on route to the scene. Said an official, would he say police are requesting the judge to be prepared for what sources called a showdown in the end of the state agents and the Department of Children Families back down apparently concerned about confronting local police outside the hospice. If they could have done a good job with her as they did with the radio Wilson, I mean, they could have solved the whole problem. We told them unless they had the judge with them when they came. They were not going to get in and said a source with local police. They said, we are inocent but you can't come in. They were requested to end the remedy. When the sheriff's Department of Children's Department told them they could not enforce their order they backed off. The incident known only to a few underscores the intense emotion and murky legal terrain that the Shavow case is created. It also shows that agencies answering directly to Florida fat ass governor Jav Bush had planned to use a wrinkle in state law that would have allowed them to legally get around the judge's order. They're exceptionally law-lossed public agencies to freeze a judge's order whenever an agency appeals it. The judge said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the government's case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They said, we have a lot of people who are not going to get involved in the case. They did a bunch of things, they told about why we are not going to get involved in the case. And they said, we are looking for something Dr. Kimberman wouldn't let us get involved in the case. Those people are looking for something about saying that American people are going to get involved seeing or seeing something about that movement is visible. They said, we have to doulate business. Look now, MSNBC, CNN, every five minutes, there's another special show about religion in America and a great resurfacer religious inferber, and even though we have all of these national polls that show overwhelming, overwhelming, that the public including evangelicals, by the way disagree with the government intervention in the Shival case, yesterday we're to see an end-go, they go into some fiscal church. No, no, I take it back. It was St. Thomas Catholic Church in a dark neighborhood. They were all doing the revival routine, and of course overwhelming, that they were up. They wanted to stick that to right back in there. Oh yeah, that's a good place to take a survey. Let me like take a survey. What do you think about the Pope and do we get the Catholic Church? That's your media for you. Oh, here's another CVV, I mean, we want to go into this stuff that I get, huh? Anyway, getting back to our poll today, what is the most divisive thing in the world? Now I thought I came up with a several pretty good categories, maybe I'll have something out. Oh, I got one for the poll, I don't think so. The most divisive thing in the world, in fact, we got a lot of votes in there already. Guess what's the number one by a mile? By a million miles, gee. Religion. 101. You thought it was going to be more. No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to pick on the hump or, but listen, I don't, I know I'd be dead if I ate in as many restaurants as you know, you just can't go out. I mean, more in zero league is small meal at Morton. So, okay, I didn't have to have more than there by either one Chicago. Yeah, it's like going to Ruth Chris for a snack. Eugen, you just don't do it. What would be the point? There's no way to do it. You don't do that. And then I hear that Moe is in there and both camper, well, what's going on at that radio station? I mean, what is that? Please. Please, what? Cracker, please? What's what's going on at this radio? Tagger, please. I mean, what is the deal, Erim? And just as I'm talking with Josh Curtis about learning to eat, you know, free, he's a schlepper, he's making 15 cent an hour. Plus out of baseball, he can steal it to Marlon games, no one even got to go to the exhibition game. Not a way we got some good news boys and girls. Marlon's and the Orals in Fort Lauderdale. Game time on a five to set noon, we'll have it at 12.54 with Roxy Schwartz and Dave Van Boring. What kind of the name is that? Roxy Bernstein. Sound a little bit. Oh, it's already. Roxy Bernstein, by the way, quoted in the one of the commas over the weekend, being a big fan of Joe Rose when Joe was playing college football. Was it the USC Josh? Yeah. 100 years ago. And then he went, you just can't wait to meet Joe Rose. I guess nobody told Roxy that Joe Rose doesn't work at this radio station anymore that your games around Roxy, even though we like Joe Alon, he's a good friend of ours, but nevertheless, he's on the other side. Roxy, you better get your ass straightened out. We're going to pull the shoe if we even get started official. So we got a Marlon game which means no more. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, the late news. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. I'm going to sour old cool here, you know. And then we got guilty for it. Seven. I think the Easter Monday thing must be, and nobody told us about it. Because I took off Easter Friday, but nobody told us it was on the other side. Because most of the sales department is taking off on a fake sick out day today. That's probably because they're like protesting the stiffy. The sales manager. And we got no man dog today. We got no more. Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. That's because we're the volume. And look at that. Look, oh, oh. My eyes must be this seemingly juicy. What's that? I'd scheduled between seven and ten for today. Yes. The beast and Troy straffer. Troy and the beast. All look twice good on here. Not a very good sales guy. I'd been like to. What made services accounts? Right. Yeah, he's branching out. That's a good idea, Troy. Went to South Branch now. You went to branch the video. These in Troy straffer and seven and he came ten. I'm telling you it's a holiday. That looks like a holiday scheduled a minute. He always liked a holiday. Yeah. That's it really. Bye. I'm Sally's brothers. And every day millions of children in this country don't have access to the food they so desperately want to eat. Many will go to bed hungry tonight. Hungry for that fourth toaster's trudel. Won't you please help feed the fat children? Yes. For only $1.89 a day, roughly the price of a box of home host. You can sponsor an OB's child through the feeds of fat children's foundation. In return, you'll get a wide angle photo of that special child plus 10 written notes written on crispy cream napkins. Won't you help feed a fat child a child like Timmy here? They hide Timmy from time. I'm Timmy. Help me. I'm Jeremy. You'll swell with pride if you watch your child swell with sound. So please, so precise your heart and call now and help feed the fat children. This is Sally's brother, and thank you. Timmy, can I have a bite of your ring? No, it's mine. Give it to me, I'm a couple of lines. I'm kidding. It's that small, that small. 2711 Sally, if you were excited when she hears this, you know, it is a holiday today. And of course, it's, see, I'm confused because spring break here. They had two spring breaks this year. One for the cat-like schools. That was two weeks ago, and in last week was for the public schools. So they had two weeks of a spring break. Okay. All right. Now spring break there is starting to this weekend, right? Yes. Well, there's a lot of different ones. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's, it all depends on what part of the county are living and what your quality is. It's like high school and colleges, different to. Yeah. So it's always like, like, aerosmith would say permanent vacation. Everybody's on the including a QAM. And I hear Hank say that there's a trend coming out this week. That's what he said. Now, do we have any idea what day that's going to be or what time or what, uh, because I think I might be on sick that day. Uh, it's going to be. It's going to be really ugly. We're losing a really solid November. It was really rock solid. And then we got to December, January, which are both the ZASTER months for the entire radio station. And February, and last February is just huge. I mean, gigantic. We got to stand to be looking really bad. I'm saying, not so much that the other guys are gaining. You know, I mean by the other guys, but that we're just losing where you're loading. Because we keep changing and changing. That that's stern business. Well, that was really, uh, but I quite a good experiment, you know, all all the way around. Everything connected with that just was really a fantastic positive for QAM for the company for the license for everything you could imagine. We just are really positive experience. Anyway, get back to Sally. Burger King. They don't want that hearty's video only ones who are peeing to the cows out there, including me. Burger King's reportedly central unveil a large new breakfast sandwich that pets not everyone is looking to watch their diet. You want to say today reports the number two fast food chain will debut its enormous omelette sandwich today. The sandwich will have one sausage patty, two eggs, two American cheese slices, and three strips of bacon. Now, that name no thing. It works out to 727 calories, 47 grams of fat. While the sandwich goes against the trend of the sub that some competitors to offer healthier fare, some analysts said the new sandwich is likely to be a sales success. That's more than the company's Wapa Burger, which the Burger King website said has 700 calories and 42 grams of fat. Well, that's not much. That's like marginal, right? Yeah, look at this. A little bit moan. In fact, if you had two cheese waffles with all kinds of good stuff on them like ketchup, which is older with sugar, you can just goose those numbers way to hell up there. The critics will still label it food porn. So, Sherry D.L. Scott editor at QSR, a fast food industry trade magazine, but the average male fast food customer doesn't have a problem with this food porn. Well, the average male doesn't have a problem with any kind of porn. Poorne porn, poorne. Quite poorne. Poorne. The new offering could also make Burger King more of a player in a breakfast market, where US indian says it's seriously nice to be having McDonald's. I don't know why because the only good thing they got is their breakfasts. Those croissant and those croissant, which is right, right? I mean, Sherry D.L. If nobody had a right mind wants to eat that rubber meat that they give it. Burger King would good news about this thing is it's got like a sausage patty, which I can only imagine. And might be good actually. Burger King has been probably held since it was sold out here in the end. So, okay. But if we go for Sally, okay, go to Burger King and take out honey. Yeah, we were really food intensive last week. Oh, and I look at this. No, try to not. We got to change in the schedule now. Just came in. Just taught off the press. It's Curtis and Wendy Martez. You see, if we put Troy on there, who actually can be understood, that probably would be a pretty smart move. So instead of the beast and Troy, we got Curtis and Len. Well, what's going on here today? Huh? I mean, that's not even OIC now Wednesday. We got Beast and Troy at night. I guess that's the way we try to keep guilty off here as much as possible. Although, squeaky will be on for the second. It's happening on the side. See nothing's perfect. We got no mode today, but we got guilty after the Marlon game. I might not even take a call today, because I don't want to put any pressure on your audience. What are they going to call about? There's no pull to build today. This is a closed pull. Huh? I mean, can you think of anything I left out? No. You got religion on there. That's all I need. Ah. Here's a fact from Phil and Gainesville. He says, while I greet, we've seen this. You know, I, this is where's me out. While I greet, I religion doesn't extremely distract the force of the world. My vote for the most destructive influence of the world at this time is George Bush. Yeah, we could put George Bush on every regulatory pull and he wouldn't buy a landslide, but that's not the point. But George Bush isn't a, he's not a constant, right? Although he may just, they may keep, they just might keep him in there. That caught the national guarantee. Guess what? No elections, no more. I hear laughing. I know what I'll see you going to do. Cry. What's this? Oh, crap. Just the headlines, buddy. Man eats underwear to be preparalyzed. When I was a good idea, this is from Burian Orlando. I can read this. It's wrong with you. I could barely read it on my hand. And 18 year old, something man. What does that say? Stetler? Stetler. Is that, where is that? I don't know. 18 year old, Stetler man tried to eat his underwear and hope that you're right. I can't read this. And hopes the cotton fabric would absorb alcohol before he took a brutalized test. Okay, this is much of a better way. Very, very vague coffee. The original coffee was bad. Now I got a coffee of a bad part. It didn't work. Okay. Line 6 is probably some nut job. QAM, hello. I was really fine. Yeah, see, I told you. See. Yeah, how does that get? I was wrong because he's been on here since I said, down since half of I started to convertibleize. I know all these got. 9.5. He's six. Well, I got nothing to talk about. Like Hank was, I heard Hank go out for 25 minutes this morning before you showed up. About not having any calls. All of stuff they went on. Even I, who we didn't care about the basketball at all. Even more during all of Stetleria. Even I got all whipped up there that Michigan State can tuck you in. Oh, now you're coming around. Well, it's my alma mater, baby. And I saw that I just found it by accident. I was channel surfing a little bit. There was the last form in it. So the game Spartans rup by eight. I believe that they blew the lead. And then of course, that kid hit that three point of their, there's a clock ran out to tie it. Double overtime Spartans win. Oh, oh, oh. So even I watched that. So there's all kinds of stuff. Plus of course, the Terry Shabo thing. And these people have got nothing to say about it. It's just part of the course. And like you said, it's a, it's a one course. I've been trying to get that for years, a bush league town. It's the dolphins. You think that that's for us going to make a difference. I think that, you think that the mall had a like a double-sized stake at Morton's. Yeah, they think you pay the check. I'm sorry. I don't understand that it kind of grosses me out. The thought that all of our people are always even at these expensive, just pay And of course, both camp. I mean, he's a tall guy. But he couldn't, he could afford it. Losing out here too. Also, you know, that's why they put that cow out from the university Dodgers there. I think they're trying to set a message, you know. Yeah. I could joe his eyes. They're going to send the, uh, Kimba, a message. Losing out into a sweetheart. You're a good guy, but man, oh man. Just a giant in the football field. You better be fup and be ready to play with the big. Well, that's what he's doing at Morton's. I was like, you know, Roger. That's inclusive. I'm 16. I've never seen the butt master of the series like that. In the 60s, it was the twins. In the 70s, it was disco. In the 80s, it was energy. And okay. In the 90s, it was success. And now the latest craze sweeping the nation is, Now the latest craze sweeping the nation is, Now breathing. The thought that we were that we got the thought that we got the thought that we got it. And I'm like, oh, you like to, uh, I'm not that much. You see, uh, you're so lucky. Yeah. I like local TV news. The director of the third work 24. The heroes. They're not thought of driving. They're not doing. We've been there. They know what heart hitting Brazil does. God's life. Yeah, blah, blah. Yeah, blah, blah. She's vibrant, man. She's ready to get in the dance like crazy. Do the twist right? That was wrong with you people. She's fighting for her life. Don't you understand that. Stick that to you. Back in there right now or else. 170 votes on the full. I never did read the poll. Did I. I got all whipped up on our religion thing because it just crossed my fat ass. And see, we didn't say who's the most divisive person in the world today. Right. I mean, wherever it was. We say what's the most divisive thing in the world? 170 votes. Religion 201 money 27 politics 17 race 13 language six. Education level three. History ethnicity to sexual orientation gay. A solument to uno. So that's what we got too far. I don't think I'll have to anything out. WDQAM Hello. Hi, I'm Coleneal. How are you? Okay. If I may put my consent in about these religious synaptics. Please. They're either just stupid or incredibly insincere. I don't know what they're thinking. You see this guy's trying to cross the police line with the bottle of water. Yeah. I'm thinking, okay, let him in now. You see, you see, you have a lot of it. If he's going to give her a cup of water, if he's going to open her mouth and drown her because if he's trying to do that, he's just stupid because that's why she needs to be feeding to because she cannot. Wow. I mean, just bring her a bit back and fly. It's the same thing. I don't know if I knew breakfast sandwich from Burger King sounds pretty interesting. The new sausage patty. You know what, either way, that it doesn't make them look particularly smart. Of course, then, there are much more on their crazy people. It's the flat earth society. These are waiving lunatics. Totally, totally out of it. I love you very much, Neil. Don't give up. Bye. I'm a fight. Have a great day, sweetheart. Happy Easter Monday. Easter. Something. Happy for a Monday, see you. Happy. Bye. Happy. Bye. How's bigger Tom Delay? It was a real piece of experiment. Has helped lead a congressional effort to keep the brain damage to her life. Join family members nearly 17 years ago in allowing doctors not to take extra, not to take extraordinary measures, to extend his father's life the L.A. time has reported yesterday. Just like all these other writers, phony, hypocrites, claw-crap, finger pointing, closet, whatever they are. And I'll fill in the blank. Closet. Something. Delay had just been re-elected through a third term in Congress in 1988 when his father Charles Delay was badly injured in the crash of a backyard tram he and his brother had built. That's nice. And Delay's vital organs began to fail. The family chose not to connect into a dialysis machine or even to a cue or take other measures to prolong his life according to the at times which said a cork documents, medical records, and interviews with family members. There was no point to even really talk about it. My senior lay the congressman's 81 year old widow mother told the times, Tom knew we all knew his father wouldn't have wanted to live that way. Oh, that sounds familiar, doesn't it? Hmm. I thought that didn't make any difference. I thought that it was in our, we had, we, we, we had, we, two always choose life. Isn't that the line? Just like that stupid ass photo license plate, choose life. And some of those lines he threw out there about the husband that we put on the website. Well, kind of eye is this. Right. Well, that's always the last resort. This is to make an upstories. Delay helped push through Congress of federal law line in the parents of Terry Shabbard a good, a federal court in an effort so far on successful to have their brain damaged daughters feeding. What the hell was that? Feeding you? Oh, sorry, wrong one. That'll like, uh, Rhys, or, well, things are coming apart. The Texas Republican is also a criticized Shabbos husband and the course for allowing what he called an act of barbers and again Shabbos, who Dr. St. isn't a PBS Florida, a persistent, vegetative state. Delay to kind of be interviewed about his father's case, but a press aid said it was entirely different than Terry Shabbos. Right. entirely different. That was then this is now when they political hei offer that back then, but now different story. Here's a fact that says you bastard. I must again, 30 pounds. Not 30 men. I gained five with all the food pools last week and I think Ben and Jerry stock went up 10 full thanks to Thursday's pool. I'll have to pull my two for a couple of weeks to get back into fighting shape. Well, don't put your two hard, please. It might just snap right off. All of the methods and calls come in and the little ones I want to take or not, you know? What do you think? Come in to QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm not a challenge. Okay. WQAM, hello. Thank God. Thank God. That Hank wrote the story about us for a lot this morning. Yes. WQAM, hello. Hey, have you noticed how big Jim Bush's melanin is? It's bigger than Joe Roses. Yeah, that's right. It's bigger than Joe Roses. He has a 10 and five in his hot side. It must be at least. Ever seen we're in a half. They don't make one that big, pal. Oh, you know baby. Five, six, seven, five, six. He has had his almost as big as black film asked. Yeah, he's just, he's the most despicable creature on a face of the earthy Jim Bush. Him and that hold, the functional family. I mean, well, what do they have to do? They have to go out like and kill somebody in broad daylight before the public and Florida finally gets onto them. I don't understand it. What is it? What's to like? Like I said last week. You know, I would say what's not to like in his case? What's to like? What could you possibly like about him? Is it the way that he, you know, follows the wishes of the electorate? Whatever, whatever you people say, it's always he'll do the opposite. They'll find someone that's inverted just like this thing. Let's do try to do what his spot machines now and make him class two instead of Class three and put the same crap that they got to be Indians in there. Not going to succeed. I don't think but nevertheless, it's just another example. Well, that's because he opposes Gamma. We don't care what he opposes. It's like his religion. I don't give a crap look kind of cockamy, Garbagey believes. And he never believed in any way. He had rubbed off on him. He was no Catholic. He was a good Christian just like all the other, Protestants, they were well-want a verbabank Christian. And then of course, they had rubbed off on him with Columbus. Then he got the Catholic religion. Religion is sick. It is evil. It is twisted. It's written by idiotic simplistic morons from 5,000 years ago. Who didn't know anything. And every time there's any kind of a discussion that they instead of using intelligence instead of using rational reasoning logic, it's always, Oh, the good books says, who wrote a good book, okay? Bad people. How much does no, not just bad people ignorant people, stupid people. Men, right men wrote the good book. And I'll say it again, if dogs wrote the Bible, only dogs would go to heaven and man can go to hell. That's how we see it. Oh, no, dogs don't have a soul. That's because men, that's because humans wrote the Bible. Maybe dogs have their own Bible. There you go. Yeah, I think that because a lot of dogs that I've known, it sure is how many of the people out of encounter, including these lunatics out there in Penelis Park this weekend. Crazy people. And just rabbi just fooling it them off. And did you see the woman who brought her down syndrome daughter who was standing behind the podium there? Did you see that yesterday? No, making all of them, I mean, I don't want to make fun of it. But she's, I mean, she's got problems. She's like, that spazzing out all over the place. In fact, I think that generally describes that, and it wasn't much of a crowd was about like 30 to 50 people. Right. Spastic. Much of spazs. And the media courses right there, oh, there's this giant protest. And Bob Frank and man, so help me. He's, he's just lost it. And I mean, it's like that thing in Iraq, where they had been embedded. I think he's been embedded with those, or wackos, their in Penelis Park to law. Saying all of the wrong things, all of the stupid things. And I thought Carolyn was going to like punch him in ahead if they would have been side by each. She's another one. She doesn't do the news. She just editorializes as she goes along. Carolyn, you know, that the chink on the CNN. No, I don't. There you do. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. It's your, uh, nurse you student, uh, at my, listen. Uh, did you read the paper on a, uh, they were having this, I'm ex-feet or was having this, uh, movie. Had the story last week, pali. Uh, yeah, two-way old news. That's the religion is, again, man. And I'm not going to have a lot of the, I'm actually any of these things that refer to evolution because it's the work of the devil. And so I'm asked, is that like it? Because it cost you fortunate to make those movies. And so now they've been duly intimidated. See that, that's what it really boils down to. It was that most people are very easily intimidated by the religionists. So therefore, mine as well join in, you know. And thank God that America, you know, that the Americans practice civilized religions as opposed to those gutter religions, those barbarish rulers, you know, like, a litter and a middle East stuff like that. Oops, that's inclusive. Jews are going to. Happy porn, by the way. Was, was poor, I already, do we have that Thursday, so they said? Lying Thursday? Yes, sir. Um, excuse. Well, it's good thing I didn't know about it. I probably would have gotten some homotoxin and Montreal over the weekend. They got good food there, but although I had it, let me unreccomend the restaurant. Okay, even though you don't have it there, called back on Rouge as a chain. Okay, back on Rouge as a very like, huh? So it's French. No. Well, there's a bunch of been Montrealers, one here in Toronto, at least one. And first time I had a good experience there, and that's because I didn't get a steak. They have all, they have great potato soup. You know, would like chives in it, like cheddar cheese. Mmm, really good. And they've got a, uh, not so dip that'll knock your socks off, just one of the all-time best. But I had a revised steak that was so tough and made the burgers seem at Burger King seem tender and juicy by comparison. You know, when you keep chewing on a piece of meat and they take it and you like keep putting it, the gristle down on the plate, it's not a good sign. You know what I mean? I mean, it was not good. So if ever go to any of those places where they have bet on Rouge, I would say. Uh-uh. Oh, speaking of not a good sign, it's definitely not a good sign with the water, not to keep putting the same spots on, back by, back side by each, but it all something I'm not going to effort her log out to. I'll have right now. 1056 at 560 WQA, I'm sure you're familiar with our good, close personal friend Anthony Kelly and the main main at acceptance capital mortgage. So before you call any of the mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know. Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products? And if your credit is less than absolutely, positively, or absolutely. Perfect. You're ready to hear the most famous, the most obnoxious tool that are worth of the English language. Oh, if you're not working with the right lending the chances for getting approved, our 50 city advice. So do yourself a big favor. Call right now one triple eight for way three loan. That's one eight eight. That's what it lasts two weeks. Eight eight eight eight four eight three loan. I'll let the main man understand what you would a mortgage immediately needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe being turned down altogether because you called the wrong number. Call Anthony Kelly and though the main man at acceptance capital mortgage at one triple eight for way three loan. That's one eight eight eight eight four way three loan. Every time they close alone, a portion of it is donated to kids in distress. So why would you want to call anybody else? Avoid the wait and switch to the deal that you want by calling Anthony Kelly and or the main man today at one eight eight eight four eight three loan. Four of the things that Neil Roger, I'm asking for you. On five sixty sixty. Two eight and. Neil Roger, so. This is your brain. Any questions? Hello, Neil. I would like to ask you questions. I was watching your program on the on when me on my Emmy the date was. The 15 and I know if you have some kind of anti crisis or something because not my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks he's cool and you also want to just as lady and then ballistic are now. I don't know if the whole channel 69 is the anti-crack channel. Please, I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-crack. Thank you and see if I see me somewhere. I wouldn't stop in a TV water because you know you're trying to make sure. And you made my son for the anti-crack. Thank you. And have a nice day. And that can't be so hard. I'm a lovely neighbor. Be careful where you stick to. Right. It's a big deal. A big part. Yeah, even if you save a lot of for Terry, okay. She needs a more nice. She's got those crack chapliffs. Get her get her one of those. Chaftics. Nice good idea. There you go. I got some right here. All right. We some craft stick would be good. I mean, well, we just cut the crap already. Will you people stop at his madness with his lunacy? Always to life. There's no life there. You notice that the right wingers, these these Randall Terryites, these terrorists. They don't they care only about before you're born the fetus and then after you're brain dead. Anything in between. Atstria, you know, always said that. And now they're taking it to a new level. What are our session about that? You. But they don't worry because Pat Mohn is on his way to Washington. And he's going to go there outside Dennis Haster's office and you know, interrupt then he's lunches and stuff like that. But there's a lunches name Tom Miserow. What is his heart is ached? And Wig. Now, one interesting note is that the uncle of the nineteen. Looks like an afghan, how I died on his head. Do you have a notice in Tom Miserow? I didn't thought of it. But my coach Jackson according to the inquired this week is injecting demoral. That's why he's spaced out all the time. He's like bad drug addict. Which we talked about that. How many times did they show? But turn it man. Thanks to the inquired. He's been a drug addict for a long time. And now he's the shooting of demoral. Well, he can afford the good stuff. I'm sure. Well, he in back in the day could afford a not no mole on. They fall on hard times. That's a lie. That's a lie. That's a lie. And of course, Jesse Jackson, leave it to Jesse. Either a Johnny Cochran or Jesse Jackson, they do a better than anybody else turned into a racial thing. You know, all these black luminaries, they always get this kind of crap. You know, of course, Jesse Jackson, he's a very good moral man anyway. What's the most divisive thing in the world today? He asked 357 votes, religion 270. I mean, there's no contest. And you people out there that continue subsidizing the state. Let me just read the rest of the poll. Money 35, politics 22, race 15, language 7, educational level 4, sexual orientation to FAMING and ethnicity too. So religion's got like 76%. Ernie plays you look in the world today. Ernie plays from the Middle East to Northern Ireland to the USA. Everywhere. Most of the battles are between my God is better than your God. My very tales are better than yours. My God is going to beat the hell out of your God. And all the other crap. Just like that simple and big stick called there. But have a nice day. Could she can put towards together? She couldn't put a sentence together if you put a gun to her. If you stuck her gun on her. She knew. Yeah. Genius. And by the way, what are we going to do about this Jamaican problem? We have work. Ha ha ha. Oh, let me give you an easy two word answer. Yeah, man. Yeah, we got one all right. What are we going to do about it? Not at all. And we're getting back to that pool. These people are continuous subsidizing like the thing with a pope. Now, they show this deal yesterday. When are we having the Easter Sunday service? And you know, I'm always amazed by all the trappings of the Catholic Church. One thing about them, they sure got all the other's beat hands down. Oh, they're content, man. With the show and the. Oh, I mean, if we're not a floor show that even if people in Vegas would be a fragrance. Yeah. Yeah. What is the thing with a fragrance? What is that thing he keeps blinding? Yeah. Okay. We're going to blow in smoke. This is hot. All the senses. You see. The senses. All of it. The sight sound fragrance touch. I like the touch. I'm saying. Full five cents show. Yeah. No, but I'm talking about that thing. He keeps swinging back and forth. That's what it's. Smoke out of it. Yeah. That's what it is. The sense of. Yeah. Is it what the ultra-bois are hiding? Just the rashes. Yeah. They're what? They're the talk. They're ass. Oh, asses. Yeah. And you subsidize it. And it's here coming in like this thing yesterday. The where they from these brothers. The. The most. Yeah. The most with the list. I mean the screaming here. In fact, there are actually people with a butterfly and a grabbing the flyway. Sises. They were speaking. Yeah. I never saw anything like it in my life. What about just screamers? Believe me. I know screamers. Holy moly. And we have to. We have to save Terry and save the guy. Yeah. The camera has to do. Man, I'm just a like a freaking gay floor show. It's what it is. But you keep subsidizing it and go in there because you've been brainwashed. Just like all these traumatized people standing there and seeing Peter's square. And it was interesting because they couldn't find anybody there who was attending. They were all they were all like from the US and the UK. They're all tourists. Like I've told you. All those thousands of people in same Peter's square are 98% of Mark's to resist. And most of them are from the USA. Because they're the only one who's or sufficiently brainwashed and stupid enough to go there and subsidize this garbage. And hopefully, she let them to the window. What is that? If I'd even, like I said before, Terry is making better sounds in the Pope nowadays. So I hate to tell you, but the next smoke maybe blown from the Vatican might be from the chimney there. And when he started blowing smoke from the chimney, it's not a good sign. Oh, hey. WCWM, hello. Thank you. I am. How you doing? Okay. Real quick question. Is Neil going to serious? Because I keep hearing these illusions. Well, who do you think you're talking to? Oh, I don't know. QAM, I found. Yeah, you're talking to QAM. This is QAM. Oh, sorry. Yeah, me too. 560560, Paul 560 in the verse. He just out of nowhere. I don't know if I'm going to serious. I don't know what's going on. I don't know what Norma can't. It's going to whip up there with his boyfriend, Jeremy Coleman. I don't know what that lady did in the team up there in New York. I have no idea. All I know is that when he walks in there and he sees Alex Bennett sitting in her studio. It's not a very good sign. Well, you didn't hear about that. No, I didn't. He got the tour of the joint over there in New York. In fact, anywhere there's a joint norm is always their real fast. So they gave him the cooks tour and they're sitting inside their police studios. There was Alex Bennett. Oh, wow. If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now. Take your teeth. Right. How do you like that? So between having Alex Bennett on the air and Lynn's Samuel's, you can see, of course, Howard's not on the air with them. They, you know, they talk with the game so far. I haven't seen too much action, you know? Haven't seen anything specific. Haven't seen anything a lot of money. Anything about any really game plan. And then they want the numbers, you know? I told you that, did I? No. No, I know you were on vacation. Normal and you to handle a project. I told them I have to go to give them some to do. They want the male 25 to 54 numbers for the last seven years. Like we keep the books sitting around. Oh, yeah, they're here. Now, wouldn't you think that when male farmers in his running the operation, if they want anybody's ratings, any demographic, you know, all they got to do is, you know, get their friends at arbitron. And then they're on the key in the lecture last 400 years. When you think, you would like to really say that. These are the same. If they were a serious group of people, if a moment pop shop like this one has it right there on their computer. Right. That's right. Let's say Paul says, Complaint, this was emailed to me via Jeff Heitz and emailed that he received. I see. You're on the air, people at UM, 10 30 marks 25th. That was you. Yes, it was me. Are the most ignorant people and spelled wrong about PEEPLA people? I have ever heard on radio ever to make fun of and actually produce a commercial Ontario Shavo to make fun of her and her death is the most disrespectful thing I can think of. And the mock Christianity is unacceptable. He is ignorant and knows nothing about Christianity or Judaism in Shoudar Mane, Silent. He sounds ignorant as he talked all the name of humor ratings and list news question mark. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Tell your sponsors I will not purchase any of their products and will make a conscious effort to remember who they are by carrying around with me printed copies of your website to remind me of who they are. Well, guess what, they are not on our website, but you go right ahead. I'm sure you are talking about the QAM links. Oh, I see. It's a shame that you're a lone voice regarding the dolphins, but I can get my info from other places I'm sure. Well, we are not alone, boys. Turn over to 790 palm trees. I will come in there with open arms and legs. Anything give you a free shoe to the district where we are true. They are good Christians over there too. He will be happy to. Oh, yeah. Says Paul Burns. I wonder if he is kind of George Burns. And Burns. I don't know, but Paul is really whipped up to a frenzy. Uh, yeah. We can't give our opinions. See, that's the way you good believers always are all like crap. You know, we don't believe your crap. We don't want to keep perpetuating your crap. We'd like to be one of the very few places in the world where people can come and get an alternative point of view. Based on science and reality is opposed to based on focus, focus with some super-ass focus group. And I know more about the Bible than you do Paul. Yeah. I write all the crap back in the day, Paul. I believe you me. It was not easy reading. And I still have one who had the cleanup concertion there on Noah's Ark. That's what I want to know. Hey, one out there and he got two giraffe. Let me ask you, how do you get two giraffe? How do you get two elephants? How do they sluck him with a leash? We got brought them all. There's that one. No, he did not bring them all. He had to go out and get them. Don't you remember that? You better read your Bible. I mean, alright, the Marooche back here to read it. Yeah, I've reached back there and grab it. And the two, two, all these ridiculous stories written by every time there was a clap of thunder and a bolt of lightning. Oh, it's an echo. Oh, it's an echo. He's a rat. His rat is actually hot again. Oh, yes. His rat is waxy hot. See they keep getting into the lacy grant. Yeah. And I can't me. Don't forget we got Marlins on deck in 1250. Marlins and the Orioles at 105. Some good healthy clean baseball. Probably some steroids. And I didn't say that. And say the Marlins doing it. I probably does Orioles. You know, Sammy, soapses on the Orioles. Now, right, Josh? Yeah, just the Orioles. You're so full of crap. Were you just tell me last week about the Royads? I thought it was hemorrades. You said, we're going to see a lot of people. He said, working with the overdue. They've had boring as a real pain in the ass. I didn't say that Dave don't take everything anything I say seriously. Just a joke. He's probably thinking it though. Probably wished to hand you would wake up. They made a bad bad mistake letting the booster get away there on play by play. I mean, talk radio and I think you're bad sweetheart. But they made a real bad mistake there. I think he made a bad judgment himself when you come right down to wood. That's because he's so tight with his buddy there. Dan will have answered. Dan will have answered makes landmark tests on like water crunch. Okay. That's how good he is. He ain't no stew guys. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WTM. So we're just here. Kind of like a pregame filler. Okay. We don't want to talk. We're going to get upset. We're sure that he's not listening right now anyway. Because we make fun of a poor Terry Shabo and her. Two. And all these are good Christians and Jews and Muslim. All I know is no see in mention the Muslims in there. Or they'll do his witnesses. I wasn't talking about them. Oh, they hand you to those other Buddhists to ran those other, Muff tribes. You know, spring is here and it's a great time to get down to Armstrong. Ford home said with some great deals on New 05s. Right now get your ass behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and 0% financing. How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing? Check out the 05 for the explorer right now. Armstrong Ford home said with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing. Remember only when you buy from these folks. Armstrong Ford home said we'd get that unmatable. That exclusive Tyres parts and batteries for life program. Plus our free Florida Sun Pass 2. Armstrong Ford is proud of our service mentor women if you're in the military. If you have a role in the military and no matter if it's active, do any reserve or national guard or co-strike, you'll get your military appreciation discount. David Rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford home said we'll guarantee the best price. And because they're looking to not afraid that they will just about stand on their head. Just about not quite. To treat you like family, make sure they make you a customer for life. Armstrong Ford home said $3,075,000 cash back and 2,000 cash back and 2,000 cash back and 2,000 cash back. And how are you going to find them just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them out on the web Armstrongcars.com and give David or Victor recall at 305-247-51. Whatever. What I said, 51. Trail. Travel a little and save thousands of them and move forward at Armstrong Ford of home stand. Your seats at me will run your devil's gun to come soon. I'll try to get some of that. Got him in and. Those that the Lord even love see your address. I'm not going to let him go. I'm going to let him go. I'm not going to see where it's going to be. I'm going to let him go. If David Rich in the team, you were not born. They have the big connection. They're looking for a three potential. I don't like you when I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in town. That made me a very love. I was kind of fun. I was like, what the fuck is to get out of my mouth. I was like, what the fuck is to get out of my mouth. They got me believe in the tongue. And we need them from size to size. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know what to do with that. But the Lord will now embrace me in your tongue. I've got my tongue to the beat. But the Lord has a mouth. Whatever I do, he'll forgive me. You're fair, but now I speak in town. Not at the key of every day, but not at the end of having fun. All right. I'm going to talk about interest in fighting, bravely man, she's fighting for her life. And you bastards, they won't stick that shit back in there, you're going to run and hell. It's murder, peace fighting. Yeah, like a beta. Right. A judge will hear arguments today with a jury should learn about previous tell-in-law station allegations against petta-five Michael Jackson. As Jackson's travel station trial enters its fifth week, Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Rodney, Herman Melville, a set aside the day's first court session for the hearing for which the jury will not be present. I wonder what the verdict's going to be in Harley's trial, by the way, in grinding light. Melville, as said he would wait to hear from both the prosecution and the defense before deciding if he let either side call witnesses to Bolster's position, he has not given indication which he would rule when he would rule. Although I think he said that pretty quick, like a few seconds. Stop, turn the man! Prosecutors are pushing to allow testimony about previous allegations against Jackson, pretending that they will show a pattern of behavior that Bolster is the current charges against him, but the defense is fighting the move saying the information will be prejudicial and that the prosecution is not meant to even ensure the threshold required to allow admission. Among the earlier charges the prosecution wants to introduce our allegations from the 93 civil suit, which a 13 year old boy accused Jackson, of sexual molesting him or a peddley or a five month period, that's the kid that he paid off. He paid off the family and he said, oh, we don't know what that. They started talking like a poof. They're smoking a f***er. Why? He can't even do that. Hey, you're going to piss that guy off if he thought they're going to do that. Well, too bad. I guess what, Paul, guess what? I just checked to read the break, our sponsors don't want your business. They don't want to know you. They don't want to see you. They don't want to smear you. How's that, Paul? Get lost. Go away. Cox a hoist. But what? That's the Japanese. I got a whole bunch of stuff here rather than taking a bunch of silly ass calls. Is Neil going to, is this QAM? I love the people that call say, is this QAM? Like QAM is like, it's alive, you know? It's a lie. Right. They give it this kind of anthropomorphic quality. Like the radio station is living and breathing, and believe me, when you see the numbers on Friday, you'll find out it's not. We're dead of it at Dornale. But hey, we had a good run, you know. But that, we had a lot of it. Is it a QAM? Yeah, this is, it's either QAM or Stephen Hawking, one of the other. I got a lot of stuff here to be. What are you smirkling about? I think it's because you've got all of your system with that oil oil. Did I? Don't be in that stuff that Dave Halberstein sends. It may be turned on us a little halve, you know? I know you've said it before, but seriously, the warning label needs to be big. Bigger than a way left. Let's sign line, Barley's great point out. Yeah, there we go. Anyhow, we're standing great, God, we love you, Dave, but the quits out of this candy with the sorbet's all in it. Good God. Quits out of this lack of this stuff. And if you have Hankwood eatin' that stuff, man, we don't have to earth quick. I know we don't usually have earth quits in Florida, but believe me. Seriously, what are we gonna do about him? I guess he and I were hopeless, right? Well, you're doing things. Good, what am I doing? I'm just gonna do my pond. You're walking more. I was down to 190, I was 195 today. Right? Yeah, that's because I live on a high floor. I see. No, seriously, I wouldn't be, I said he would lose an ounce. He's in the wild man. He is in the wild man. Even, even, what's your name? Was never in denial as much. Clear. I was an ink clear, a patrera. God, get with it. I gotta get to my stuff here. Please. All right. Now that we got to get the hell out of it. And by the way, we had fun last week. Yeah, and when you say Josh, we had four pretty good days with a lot of food. Yeah, I'd say we ate a lot. Yeah, and that's about all. I'm not sure there's any good, but we ate a lot. They ate a lot. I ate it too. But what Miguel knows about anything other than a castor. And I don't think he knows much about that. But he's just a great guy, but very limited. Very limited. I mean, he knows nothing about anything. Well, he's young. Yeah. Anywhat's the school here? Oh, I see. I guess that explains it. That dulce de lait, too. Let me say it again. Hagen does is watery. It has a high water content. Good ice cream can never be watery, okay? Now, maybe when I see how we can see that, I can't try it. I can't be no ice cream. I was thinking about it. I think publics makes a dulce de lait. Don't even notice. It's too sweet. The concept of the flavor, while I like sweet, the concept of the flavor is good. But watery is no good. Don't get the Hagen ice brand. Try somebody else's making. I still can't believe the Benadiery does make a rocky road. I'm offended by that. And I'm also offended by the fact that the coffee topic, Cransk, got relatively few votes about 30. I think it's a more good. Huh? Did not do well. No. And why is that? I don't know. I put the right up there with fish. It's really good. Right in the same category. Top five. I mean, it's over no, but hey, we'll have to do. New records show that the FBI helped Saudis leave the US after 9.11. Now, I realize it doesn't do any good for me reenull this stuff. But if there's something for me, it gets out of my system, okay? Even though I'm farting into a windstorm. Right. And so there's been retold so many times in last three and a half years that has become the stuff of political legend in the frenzy days after 9.11. Some flights were still grounded. Dozens of well-connected Saudis, including relatives of Osama Yamama, Mages, to leave the US, especially chartered flights. Now, newly released government records show previously on the slowest flights from Las Vegas and elsewhere and point to a more active role by the FBI in 18. Some of the Saudis in their departure. The FBI gave personal airport escorts to two prominent Saudi families who fled the US and several other Saudis were allowed to leave the country without first being interviewed that I can make sure. The Saudi families in LA and in Orlando requested the FBI escorts because they said they were concerned for their safety in the wake of the attacks and the FBI, which was then beginning the biggest criminal investigation in its history, arranged to have agents escort them to their local airports to the documents be showing. But FBI officials act to react at angrily both internally and publicly to this suggestion that any Saudis have received preferential treatment leaving the country. I say, but Lonnie, to any inference we read carpeted any of this on to Raj and FBI official said in 2003 internal note, another FBI official speaking on condition of anonymity said this week regarding the airport escorts that we do that for anybody if they felt they were threatened, we wouldn't characterize that as special treatment. The documents were obtained through a Freedom Information Act of Lawsuit against the Justice Department by Judicial Watch. Oh, by the way, stated a judicial watch, you know what I said? That wacky Larry Claiman is also there. From judicial watch along with Randall Terry and the Reverend Pat Mahoney. I don't know who that is. Oh, Larry Claiman from Judicial Watch. It's another right wing judicial wacko. What's your right now? Once in a way while they do something that makes sense, but more often than not. You know what I mean? He's there a screaming about the tube. Right. Oh, she's parched and her lips are cracked and this is murder. It's murder and we've received the governor to get his fat ass in there and drag portary out and take her home and like, user is a door stop. Oh, I wonder how Diab voted on that poliars. Now, seriously, he's the anti-Christ, right there. Is your fat ass governor. He's the evil one. You may think it's the brother, the brother is small potatoes. Believe you me, the brother is like, he's like a puppet. He's a mannequin. But the gibster, there is the real, real dangerous. And in fact, really, when you look at the way he's behaved, although of course he's covering his own political ass. But it's almost surprising that he didn't send them in there. I mean, he had sent them, but they didn't tell him go ahead and drag her out. Right. Wouldn't it have been nice since they would have been like the Iotola falling out of a plane and this can't get fell out that time in Iran? Oh, they're bringing Terry out on a gurney in their fight. Oh, she just fell on the ground. Look at that. You're right, she's rolling down the hill. She's as vibrant as they come. That brother or her's boy, he really, he really frosted my ass. I want to keep seeing about how she was vibrant and alive and, you know, communicating. Right. She's vibrating. Right. I want to give him a close look at that. You. 28 after 11 at five, 16, WQM on the Marlins pregame show. This is QAM, by the way. We don't have any names. It's just QAM. Fritz and Fron's beer house. So much as they're going to bring food next week when I'm around. All right. And it'll be brought worse. Yeah, I can eat that. I can do atkins. Fritz and Fron's beer house in the game. This is bringing the very install fund back to South Florida. Why not come by and say good and tag and sample some of the most delicious German pervary in cuisine anywhere outside of Northeast Europe. In the near future, in the near future, in the near future, in the near future, in the near future, in the near future, in the near future, in the near future. Fritz and Fron's is not only making the hills come alive with a sound of music, it's turning curled cables into a veritable little Frankfurt. I thought it already was, because at Fritz and Fron's it's October fest every single day. Located at 60 Mhz, it's the ideal meeting place for those who like to march to the beat of a different tuba. So call for directions, and monthly worst-under beer festival information. 305-774-1883 in Tom Edel, brought worst-lover Neil, since you buy it. That's 305, no comments. 7-7-4-1883 for Fritz and Fron's beer house, not your ordinary umpop place. 4-Lessings and Neil Rogers, the legendary 35-6-6-8-A. The exploding ball. Abraham Lincoln, he held our nation together, he freed the slaves, he may have liked dudes. Now, the Franklin men's incooperation with the San Francisco Federal Reserve is issuing a limited edition commemorative Lincoln $3 bill. The front of the bill features the stoic face of our most liberated president in his stretching stove pipe hat. On the reverse side, a totally redecorated Lincoln Memorial with lovely window treatments and more closet space. Each of these notes is printed in green ink with a fuse of red white and blue and a wonderful fuchsia. Order now and receive a special edition Donna Cohen, featuring the image of Eleanor Roosevelt and a rainbow-coded question mark. The Lincoln $3 bill and Eleanor Roosevelt Rainbow Coin are available for a list of limited time. So, act now. Before we, these coveted collector's items, returned to our vaults never to come out again. 1133-27-056W. Carlin's odd deck in 1250 are your Florida Marlins and the Orioles in Florida. I guess Hank's not. I'm going to let me forget tomorrow morning on that crossover. Okay, I'm about to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of time. So, act now. The boy, these coveted collector's items returned to our vaults never to come out again. You're fairly. 1133-27-056W. So, I guess Jeff E. Lurries got him off his list for the time being. All right. Now that screw-ann is no longer wrong. I guess Jeff E. to want to get Hank suspended again. Let's not have to wait until at least after Friday when we see that trend come out. But that's going to be ugly. Oh, you think that those of us on the air on the station are we wait till you see those numbers on a Friday? Is it Friday? I don't know. Well, I don't we know because I don't. Well, why are we in the dark? Why is that on our calendar? Why isn't somebody in that place putting their notes to the grounds doing to get with them already? And given us some information after all, this is your rating central headquarters on this show for last about 75 years in a market. This is where everybody even a janitor tunes in here those numbers. Doug Thompson who writes the rant in Campittal Hill blue and I don't care what you say. It's a great website and he's the best. He writes, Shane takes a holiday. Oh, of all the nutcase activists who've literally in the landscape of America, few are more hypocritical in the so-called right to life movement, one by a fanatics who tried to turn the private family tragedy of brain damage, celebrity and Terry Shabo, into the latest political play. So, in the past, the authorities' fruit cakes stick to abortions, their issue of choice, bomb-barding us with images of bloody feces and arguing that life begins whenever a sperm encounters an egg. For years now, they have tried and failed to get the U.S. to pay him court to overturn their roe-ve weighed decision. The one that legalized abortion in this country, abortion they claim is murder and they want nothing to do with murder. These tans are, of course, a hypocritical crack of balshmit and these same humanitarian stand by and share when some of their flock bomb abortion clinics are killed doctors who perform the legal abortions. The advocate murdered with banster cause, urged citizens to break the law to protest illegal act and have no problems about turning the Shabo case into machine-pull circus of photo lobs. The right to life was from the poor, the former core of the social conservative movement that has taken over the Republican party like a flesh-eating cancer. Social conservatives compromise a frightening collection of hypocrites, digots, racist and homophobes who fear what they can out understand and want to government to outline anything they hate. And they hate a lot. And that's if you can stomach it, reviewing some of their propaganda and you'd find hate filled bile that avoids fact and ties on emotions and gulla ability. Like so much of the GOP agenda, there are pillars aimed at the ignorant conspiracy driven masses. Right to life is with rather see a poor woman carry a child of terms where can be born into a cycle of poverty and crime. They don't care for pregnancy occurs from rape or incest. All life they claim is precious, except, of course, the lives of anyone who supports abortion, or send abortion clinical performs the act. The laws lives are expendable in the name of the sword of their so-called humanity. Take a close look at the heart of the right to life movement. You'll find these same humanitarians often support the death penalty, or politicians are sending young men and women to die in senseless wars. They're hypocrisy-knowes no bounds and they have no shame when it comes to supporting their cause, which includes illegal acts and try to stop something that they claim as murder, but which the courts in accord in the most polls the majority of American people say is not. Soon Terry Shavable will die and bring long overdue peace to a poor woman who's been nothing but a political pawn for too long. Sadly, the right to life movement will not die with her. It'll simply search without shame for another tragedy we've explored if hypocrisy is never die. They just fade away. In this case, they didn't even fade away. You know, it's right, it's good stuff, Doug Thompson. I don't know what you beef is with him. Oh yeah, I hate that guy. Yeah, you just don't like that beard. What's the most divisive thing in a world of data that's our pool on our website today? We could have done another tasteless pool about Terry and that, that way they hadn't called Burns all upset. I'm going to make a list for me or website. Everywhere he goes now, he's going to make sure that on the list, I'm not going in there. Well, guess what, Paul, every business in South Florida, every food place, every restaurant, every automotive place, every gas station, they're all on QAM. Every one of them, every single one. So I guess Paul, you're going to have to sit in your house and maybe we can send you that. He's not using it now. What do you think? That's right. But if you want to pull on that tomorrow, what do we do with Paul? We get in the hook or send him a tube, send him the cheers. Excuse me, sorry about that rush. 489 votes and religion, like I said, 497 votes. Religion's got 376, almost 76%. You see that, 76 from bone, 76%. See that's British 76. Union 76. And by the way, Mr. President, thank you for those low gas prices again. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. We can't thank you enough. And all those dead soldiers. In 1945, politics 32, race 20, language only 8. That's interesting. And stuff for us only 8 say language. Education level 7, ethnicity 5, sexual orientation only 4. 5, naming. You're fair. So what does that say? I don't almost 500 votes. Religion, all the fairy tales, all the time. God is waiting. You know, you just take a look at them. And these pictures by the way that you're seeing your head these are four years old. Oh yeah. This video tapes that they've got. Right. They keep showing them. Oh, this was a couple of hours ago. It's Terry. And she's knocking on the door. And she's ringing that buzzer, which she wants to room service. She's vibrant. He's vibrating. Here's a fact that says this one. We're out here. We love you until you come and tell the articles you read. Better than the shows dedicated the polls on best foods. I see they can't say something nice without a shot. Right. Can't you? We're not going to change the world here on a show. We're not going to say it's main kind from itself. We're not going to change almost anybody's opinion. But anyway, it says, I may be in the minority based on the feedback you've collected for work shows people like I just wanted to send something in with my offices of opinion. It's refreshing to hear an atheist slash agnostic perspective in the media. It's amazing how we're going backwards as a society. Absolutely correct. Taking big gigantic leaps back into the Stone Age on language, on sexual attitudes on everything in the US. While the rest of the world is moving in one direction, the US is taking gigantic huge leaps back into the Stone Age. It says, keep reading. Don't say it again. People tell me what to do. Keep reading. Don't dump down your show to mesh well with the sports nerds. Keep up the great work. PS, that did you play with the crazy lady. He reminded me whatever happened with to whammy. You see that? That was a silly bit. That was a nice change man. Yeah. God, it sucks. So anyway, thank you for the nice comments and the bad ones of this presented. I'm in there. Okay, we'd like to food shows last week. Josh and Miguel liked all the free food and it's one of those things. Okay. I was in a food mood and I ever have any problem with those shows last week. I thought we had a good time. I'll second that. Yeah. Josh seconds. He takes some free meals anytime and I still don't know what's going on over there. Morton's take house. We got Moan is why. Timba and his wife. Timba and his wife. I hope we're all there on the same night. What's that all about? or I don't know. there's some kind of a free deal going on because, uh, you know, I know, nobody from this show garden invited. I'll say that. That's right. I don't understand how anybody can be under 700 pounds and eat all their meals and restaurants. You just have to have a little something to refrigerate. Okay. I got my snatter's frozen hamburgers in there. When it shows over at 12.50, I'll go in there. I'll take one. I'll put it in a fried pan with a lot of oil, all the oliva. And I'll take some onions, top them up, put them in there around it. I'll take some most shredded taco schmoco cheese and put them there on top of the onions and the burger, no bun. And that'll be my lunch. Let's roll with that. That's supposed to end well restaurant. I'm going to tell you, people who eat all their meals in restaurants are doomed to be fat-growing. Whatever. Such is that McDonald's thing. They got a bad rat. It's all the restaurants. Whenever you see those new stories, that is right. You're going to restaurant and a starter, the waiter, butter, butter, butter, and then with all kinds of stuff, man. Everything they make, of course, is loaded up with sure- It takes a taste-so that makes it really the dish, man. It does a casasca on your taste bars. But on your inner-sman, it's a killing-yeah. I'm going to give up. Who might have talked about it again? Five pounds. That's my first, it's my first bad couple of weeks in a long time. I've been hovered right there between 180 and 180 to for a long time. I've been on the not-so-straight, narrow path for a while now. So I had a bad week. Blank Josh and McGill for it. You're the one that ate the leader of ice cream that you didn't even like. Yeah, I did. I did do the right. I didn't have to tell you that. I didn't have to tell about that. It was Cadbury's crispy crunch. Now, see, like I said, there's a lot of great candy bars here that you haven't had in the States. Like crispy crunch and crunchy. So what's the... Huh? What's in that? Crispy crunch. There's two whole candy bars in the whole leader. Who? Take me to your leader. No, it's not good. It's like the base, like a vanilla base. It's like a vanilla taste, yeah. Like all the... Have an eye-torted candy ice cream. A vanilla base if you can use a chocolate base or something good. Right. Now you're talking. I see if I can find that. So 17 till noon at QA, I'm hey, when you shop for quality for where there is a store that everybody that's got a brain loves. It's brandys and popular beach where you'll find an unbeatable. Let me say it again. Unbeatable combination. They got the vessel, I shouldn't have the largest vessel. I shouldn't have men's and women's brand name shoes in the market. They got professional sales, also care about you. Monterey's sure you're going to perfect fit every time. And they got unbeatable prices too. What's not to like? At Brandys top quality names like rock ports, floor shine, SAS, Spirory, Timberland naturalizer, all the others, you'll love it. They're open every day, seven days a week at Brandys, Monday through Saturday, nine till nine, and Sunday's 10 to five. When you're five Brandys at 1290, North Federal Highway in Papua, Bits, it's worth the trip to take with your career feed. And this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandys. Take 30 percent. 30 percent off an all great naturalizer women styles this week. So be sure to get your answer to the store or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandyshoose.com. You're the season. You're the New Rogers. Exclusively on five six. You're a... Santa Hooters, you'll become clearly underwhelmed when you visit this far less-end-out franchise. Welcome to Flapjack. How many I help you? Flapjack's. Where the only place you'll find rest is on the menu. Here you get your father. I guess I don't need to pretend it's up my fork at this place. At Flapjack, you'll get great A-service by an A-cup weight staff. Why don't we? This place is a real nice idea. I don't know. Reminds me a thrive in the Royal Flapjack. It's flat out fun. I'm 48-cold in the world by the way last week. Port Joshua has never been anywhere, even fewer places than you've been. I told him that Omaha was a pretty good place and great food and really wild people. He and my gal neither one could believe that. I don't know how you can say that by the way. I think I've been in quite a few places. Does he really want me to play along? Have you been to Boston? New York? New York? Yes. You haven't been to New York. Are you a buffalo? No. Good. Still a lot of people in backwards. Still a lot of Alphia? No. Well why not? Pitchburg? No. St. Louis? No. Detroit? No. What does that mean? Not in Albany? Not in Albany? By the way, Albany? Whatever. What does that mean? In New York? On New York City, in other words, that covers the whole state. No. Rochester? You've been to Rochester? We're going to go with cities now. As opposed to, like, counties, states are bigger. How much is the state? States are giving you a little more credit. Have you been to Michigan? No. I rest my case. Do you want to say? 5667. Let's take some calls. Okay. We only got an hour to go and then we got the Marlon's game. I got a couple more things here. 3. I don't know. I don't want to do a lot of reading because then the people in the offers are with it. I'll say he's reading a lot of stories today. He's listening to what I'll do whenever I want to do. Okay. I don't like these people give me instructions. I have a lot of people out there to try to satisfy. And especially in a market where, ah, we don't mind. Wait a minute. I want to say what they do. They're not happy with that. Maybe if you do it tomorrow, they might like it. But definitely not today. It's always been that way. They're always will be. They're much American tense. But we take one week out of 52, which I work with. How many we should have about 5 weeks a year? And I won't wait. And we, you know, have a few shows where we just had. And I did not read some stories last week. Did not talk about Terry Shival last week. I've talked about all the stuff that was going on. It's just an in between. We did a food pool. That's all. And we're actually not keeping reading. And we're going to see this is, you know, this is one of those militant atheists, which is good. I like that. See, I'm very, I'm going home for that. But if that's all we did on this show, we wouldn't be on here. So what we've been affected by then. This business is about, well, don't pan during it. Look, we got to do whatever we have to do to get the biggest possible audience. That's the reality of staying on the air, schmucks. Okay. Students have all the facts as you want with audience instructions. In fact, next that, my not just make a list of all the things we ought to do on a show every day. You know, the top 10 things we ought to be doing right. That they satisfy your office. And by the way, get back to work. Do something useful. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and even rise in singular wireless line. I think the next, of course, pooram was last week. We got Eastern Monday and we got Spring Break. We're like, you know, we're just trying to water right now. So why give them the good stuff. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you today? Pretty good. Fantastic. Let's now listen to Georgia Show this past Friday, sir. And someone called about 13, after noon, talking about a band that saved late Thursday night on the last call with Carson Daly. Yeah. And this full blown, has critic Jewish guy doing reggae. And it's absolutely incredible. And I thought I'd give you the website and the name of the band. At least to check it out as well. If you're time and I thought it's a fantastic thing to check out. I was going to have a family to shoot a botanist. No, almost almost got to write. I couldn't even pronounce that one. The name of the band is not to suy it's M.A. No, no, no. Listen, you can really got to listen. If they have a website, you'll have a picture of the guy. I'm not to suy it's M.A. Jews and jams. No, no. You got this is well worth your time. Okay, it's M.A.T. I.S. Y.A. H.U. That's the name of the band and the website. W.W. That's acidic reggae.com. And I will guarantee you, put a smile on your face. I think it's, I looked over at this TV and I saw this full blown. Has critic Jewish guy in a blast at the bed. I would not know. Say, no, no, say full blown. Oh, I'm sorry. I know. Okay, P.P. P.P.P.P.P.P. P.P.P. Okay, here we go. I'll re-viders. Happy Sukey. Yeah? Huh? I'm only playing with it. Just a little face. I don't want to get to people that are for the subject. I want to put a voice melody. The answer is Christ. I'm certainly certain to ask. You're fair. As a new bro, I'm certain. You're a little bit just so far. You're rich. My God. It's my fault. It's the way that we do the show. The aim is to be realistic. We're at God of Faith. We'll be called a free machine. Oi. Oi. Oi. Oi. Hey. I'm not so smart, I'm so man. Come there, push it, this car came. Heh. And hopefully that's 100 years away. You have it. Probably for the reason. Anyway, be sure to look up that website and check out those I see them. Okay. Make sure that we're not wearing all that heavy clothing because I understand it's like in the 90s already. It's still in the Martins already like 90-90. It's 100 degrees in the human-made shade men's going to be a long hot summer. So I may not be there quite as long as I was suggesting. How many QA and hello? I see how we're using it. Pretty good? Good. So I want to be a hypocrite or anything but a total of shy about things. I already gave a lot of too much. But I guess I'm going to say something because her husband's dancing has been a financially from her demise. No, we're already guys. And actually he already got the money and the money is allegedly all spent and that's when the shenler started knocking law with him so well as when they said, oh by the way, you always some of that money and he said there's no money left. And that's when they stopped talking to him. I think it's just her now that the gas was going around that. Well there's all kinds of allegations going around. Now because that was the last resort of these lunatics is he beat her up and he eats up the first seven years that she was in this vegetative state that he dedicated his entire life and education to try to find a cure for her. Not to me doesn't sound like somebody that's trying to exploit his wife and that he did do a crap. Exactly. I agree with you but there's so many people saying that he has life and shenler. But the whole life and shenler's talk is ridiculous because when they went she was fine, they were barely scraped and threw a whole get to a million dollar life and shenler's policy. When you can't afford the urine apartment, it's ridiculous if people come up with these things. Yeah, well, making up is you going along, pal. Anyway, they're quick crying over this woman. Millions of people, although are everywhere that dying, whether they're hunger or whatever. 5000 every day. 5000 people that you know that by the way, I'm sure you didn't know that. One of the people who is especially isn't dealing with end of life first situation like this, he was on more of the 80,000 talking hit shows over a weekend. 5000 people die every day who would have life support removed. Hmm. And that's his new S. Hmm. Okay. In other words, were they removed the tube or whatever other life supports a ventilator that keeps him going? I mean being fed, being fed through a tube is artificial life support. There's no question about that, but nevertheless, I'll guess when you get to food, we'll get your nutrition through your navel like that, it gets into your stomach a lot faster than that way, right? Right. No. You should try it. Yeah, let's give it a shot. Okay. If I can imagine having some of that great, nestle turtle ice cream in a tube, oh, yeah. Just put the tube in your navel. Woo! Man. A portal. A whole team of problems. Double to Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, anyone has to worry about all those cavities. Yeah, that's right. Five, six, I've never looked at this phone man. I wonder what the humper was psychotic this morning, man. Very nothing going on with these people. The good part of it is those break time. And of course, we got tomorrow game at 12.50. It's a damn good thing we got that morning game. We love the barley. And they are the best. Yeah. Ah. Sprets of winter playing day games have stirred like nice and early. I'm thinking like a new game tomorrow, be good. Yeah, my, let's play four like any other day. Oh, say, let's play 10. Four minutes still noon in QA. I'm going to forget we got guilty. Right after the ball game, that's a word of warning. Curtis and Lady Martez is just to show you that we got a sense of humor seven or clock tonight. That's one of Martez. The Emerald Coast is thought as number one, Asian gourmet, the phase-rated by Zagat restaurant review and out every night. You can enjoy crab face featuring a last-hand snow crab legs, golden crab, Jonas Stonecrab and crab cakes. Remember, don't end the whale? Yeah. Well, this is a whale of a place. The menu still includes hot-funginous crab fresh oysters on a half-shell and a sushi bar with over 30. Not totally man. The epinitum, so the dish near Mokos has hand-car per minute of cook just the way you like it. And from their flaming grill near our sticks for 3rd or 2, top off you dinner would deserve it the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain where you can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, other definite treats too. Don't forget the Mokos for most healthy living cause they don't cook with any crab. No MSG, no cornstarchs take off all their fine quesine with cholesterol for you can all oil too. Don't forget, take the whole gang to one ammo-coast relocations for a real feast in sunrise, sunny out speeds and pepper pines. If you talk to Richard really nice, maybe leave him sticks some of that food through a few, right? Right, right in your puppet will be completely hooked. Oh, an epidolish. In sunrise, sunny outals and pepper pines, column at 9504, 572-3822, 9504, 572-3822, for the unbeatable, ammo-coast Chinese buffet. You're listening to Neil Rajukets, who loses the year of five six. I am fraily an hour rush laden and I like scrubbing my smelly grill house with so night from jewels and listening to the near roke of an Easter hour. The guy is from the ro-coast. Another serial killer Dennis Raider has ended his 30-year reign of terror, Burger King is commemorating this event with a BTK kids meal. Yummy! A wapard Jr. Small fries and soft drink, with a different toy surprise in every meal. I got a roll of duck game. I got some needle nose pliers. Sixth there's no new pitch hour movie out this week. This is the only promotional tie in our marketing geniuses could come up with. Hey look, each catcher package are filled with fake blood. Yay! It's the old new BTK kids meal. Have it your way. The safe way. BTK has been put away. Okay, I'm looking at the air radar there. This is the line of showers. It's a little thin line. This is a tip of it. Maybe some 40 mile hour gusty winds. Okay. Maybe it's already. Huh? It's like southwest of Miami and then like move into it. It's just move a through a quick. And the reason I'm saying both panic is because we got that ball game. Right. The last thing we need is everybody's post-pulments or crap like that. The game is on. Believe me, whether they want to play or not, that game is on. I'm looking at the log here. I don't want to start picking on anybody but the water not seem much to offer a feed. Maybe somebody disconnected her. Thank you. Because we could easily be doing three breaks to the shower. Since then, we have like all real commercials on today. Like all day long. The ones at Paul Burns won't be going to a subsidized rate. We could easily have other break in there and probably a thousand dollars that we're just flushing down the toilet there. I mean, a thousand bucks, you know, to some people like George and the Josh and they were like, we would get probably, it's none. Whether you're listening to me. To some people, it's a significant amount of cash. So evidently, this outfit is doing so great that flush in a way of grand like that. That could be, I mean, it's almost criminal what's in here. See what I'm saying? Why couldn't we be doing three breaks this hour instead of two? Follow where I'm my, yeah, that's my girl. What does that make any sense to you? Of course not. Of course not, but I stopped questioning them here a long time. Oh, don't ask. Right. And we won't tell. Okay, there's not a call on the board. We got 45, 40 minutes to go. I may read the Santa Spiders people in that office. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 1 shot because you would think that with all the stuff that's been going on a week in, like the hopper said this morning, that these people would be like foaming at the mouth with stuff. But they don't. All they want to, is this kill I am? Is the other one a serious? Are you people serious? You know, same old crap. Nothing will move these people off the dime. Not even time will move even the father time can't do it. God, it's amazing. Do me the QA, it'll be a quickie. I told you, there was no doubt in my mind. The pros that kid. In fact, pull the QA, that clown. Right now, please. WQA, I'm hello. Hello, how are you today? Okay, how are you, Nacer? How are you? I'm doing great. I have a five report for you. Yeah. I saw, know how our David had been in Morton and somebody else picked up the jack. Somebody else picked up the jack who picked up. The couple next to that picked up the jack. I thought you liked that. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. You've got a good day. And you too, that sounded like Woody. Wasn't him. He would have said it wasn't. No, I know. What do you do? Woody, you pay off the other guy. Didn't pick up the jack. That's the question speaking of Woody. Woody, pay off. So it's always nice when somebody else picks up the jack. That's the movie. WQA, I'm hello. Yeah, what do you think this often is going to be a draft in the fifth time? Probably, probably out there in a draft right now. That's 40 mile hour wind. WQA, I'm hello. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to say there's one fantastic irony in this whole shival. It was in. And that is that guys like the Bush brothers and Tom Delay were pandering to the lunatic fringe. And in Saturdays, Harold, the spokespeople are saying they haven't done enough. They haven't been enough for these wackos. Yeah. So, I'm a time of honing and these other end, Randall Terry and these terrorists, they wanted Jeff. They wanted him to go to jail. They wanted him to go in there and kidnap her, where they were on the verge of doing by the way. And the whist her out of there and take custody of her, like maybe go spirit or off into who knows where. Well, maybe they've learned to learn to get free. And you know, it didn't work out for them. One more thing, Carl Heisson's call, yesterday in the middle of the day. Yeah, he's saying a good call. I read it. You put it on our website. And then, you put it on the website. Yeah, I've never heard for example that there's a shadow of parents and the shenlers that actually at one point signed off on the fact that she was in a persistent vegetated state. So, right. It's a good article. It's only after Michael didn't cough up money for them that they all have a sudden start getting sorely. Yeah. All right. Keep up the good words. Okay, thank you. So, I'm going to give you a hand. Yeah, I'm going to give you a hand. Okay. I'm just so much about this a little way. I was at the ArtSuspual and I went by 1660, you know, on the AM and they switched their format. Yeah. And I sent to a white piece of cloth. We have still been it. As I read it, I said, I'm going to heal all of you. They are a man, you guys. And he gave me my back. He said, you asked them to liberal bastard. Yeah. Who is that? Who is that? He was the person from 1360 AM. The director, they went from classical to... Well, I'm not sure. Just calm down. Okay. So, that's all we know is we realize they put a bunch of white on the six sun area. But it gave me my official badge. I'm an ass of liberal bastard. Excellent. Well, we're probably palying. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. WQA and hello. Well, I'm listening to other call on radio. Hold on. Okay. Yes. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Let's meet. You want me to hang up now? No, yeah. Yes. We too. It's me. It's just me. It's just me. It's me. It's me. Not gonna happen to you. That's... I have no line. That's a desperate... I would say disconnect is you. Right now, we got a lot of tubes in it. We disconnect it. A lot of people in a vegetative state. And a persistent vegetative state. It's me. I got a little... What a... WQA and hello. Not there. Uh-oh. I got the out of the way this. The darkness has come right, Stuntulli and the LA sun. Last year, the oily and corrupt oscillator congressman Tom Delay personally used the Department of Homeland Security to track down the locate members of the Texas State Legislature. It fled to Oklahoma. After Mr. Delay tried to be district to some state into illogical shapes that were straight off a sushi plate. This week, Mr. Delay subpoenaed a brain dead woman to Capitol Hill to score political capital from the religious and rigid right. And distract from his vast legal problems, including the illegal use of campaign funds, and his current successful attempt to literally change the state. The attempt to literally change the House Ethics Rules written in secret. Texas of course is where they execute, re-tarded people and adolescents. Irving Crystal Sun Bill, the Neo-conservative Dreamer, and top propaganda for the Iraq invasion since his founding of the project for New American Century, had his experts say on Fox News the other day. He claimed that one of the neurologists who at examinamentically did woman said, she can recover substantially if she gets the proper rehabilitation. It almost makes you long for the days of uninterrupted Atlanta courtroom killer news and video. There are approximately $8.8 billion missing in Iraq, completely on the counted for, according to the US-led coalition for visual authority. Never wonder missing opportunity for irony, President Bush nominated the other chief architect of the Iraq invasion poll wolfwists around the World Bank. That's a perfect triangle of failure with a secretary of state who did a miserable job advising the president on national security and attorney general to try to find legal legal allupals and torture laws. Lugally pulls. A recent document uncovered how a burden is newest over charge of $18 million for Jordanian Turkish fuel, the cost stated did not reconcile the count of 2 KBRs accounting and added a countless over charges totaling close to $2 billion. Meanwhile, Congress decides to investigate still or use in professional baseball. They must not know that Sean Relievious still missing. The media swines scoff and smirked at veteran journalists and rather final plea for courage as they ripped apart Michael Jackson for wearing pajamas and blackened at the air waves with coverage of money. It's always hard to figure out weekend and weekend who the biggest media we need is. George Will and David Brooks could both hardly wait to make a media cheeky, mealy mouth references to France and discussing the Syrian mess in Lebanon. Everyone in the cool kids media club was praising the president for his bold leadership. Although almost two months have gone by since the Iraqi election, and many sides are still fighting with countries of bloody mess. Or is it they three headed liberal we need the Evan Thomas Howard Feynman Chris Matthews monster with their newest stick that just so wacky it might work. George Bush is an idiot genius who had a lot of America to get us into a war to bring freedom to the Middle East to subtitle we won't know for 50 years. Talk about mission creeps. In fact, all three men were performing at Brigadly last week after about 20 minutes of adolescent discussion of Mr. Jackson's wardrobe and Mr. Wartome coming on radio legend Don I'm Mrs. Program. That hardly left them any time to discuss the brand new appointment of America's chief diplomat to the UN, Mr. John Bolton. The little covered in criticism media did get the two of the third nomination usually referred to a bad joke that Mr. Bolton had once told about cutting off the top floors of the wind building and not mattering. But they consistently undeclomatic Mr. Bolton once seriously asserted that the United States we are at the security council. One of the three reporters left in the sea, Mark Shields remark that the nomination was like naming Howard Stern as your chief of protocol or Murray Baker Eddie as your surgeon general. Back in the middle of 2003 before John Stewart was a big star, Mr. Matthews was on the daily show and was asked about the presidential election and the long list of democratic candidates. The war that Mr. Matthews had passively aggressively cheerleader had not been going well. The questions that he failed to last the politicians and leaders about the preparation and planning for the war were coming home deruished. With all his experience in war, Washington as he calls it in his Pennsylvania draw, working for the late great typo Neil among others, this would be a perfect opportunity to educate young people about the issues on a cool TV show. And discuss the politics involved with him. But Mr. Matthews tried to be hip and irreverent and summarized the whole field of candidates by giddly telling Stewart that Congressman Dick Gibhard had big eyebrows. hilarious. Tip O'Neill was probably rolling in his grave that summer night. I just about the same time I'm proud of an old salty dog named Hunter West Thompson was doing about the story-state of affairs in America. The journalist and author of the film did his genuinely incredible. The US Treasury is empty, we're losing that stupid fraudulent chicken crap war in Iraq, and every country in the world accept a handful of corrupt brits disguises us. We're losers and that is the one unforgivable sin in America. Beyond that we've lost a respect to the world in law's two disastrous wars in three years. Afghanistan is lost. Iraq is a permanent war zone. Our national economy is crashing all around us. And the Pentagon's worst strategy has failed miserably. Nobody has got any money to spend. And our once-mighty US America is paralyzed by mutemies in Iraq and even Ford Bragg. The American nation is in the worst condition I can remember in my lifetime, and our prospects for the immediate future even worse. I'm surprised and embarrassed to be part of the first American generation to leave the country in far worship than it was when we first came into it. Our highway system is crumbling. Our police are dishonest. Our children, our poor, our votted social security once the envy of the world has been looted and neglected. And destroyed by the same gang of ignorant Greek-crased vatures who brought us Vietnam, Afghanistan, the disastrous gans of strip, and ignominious defeat all over the world. The stock market will never come back. Our armies will never be number one again, and our children will drink filthy water for the rest of our lives. He ended his diet cry-by-gative clearing. Big darkness comes soon. The day after Thompson killed himself, the beat up pile of pine and tear-looking Mr. Radda declared simply a dramatically. Gonsaw is dead. The fact was immediately evident upon watching the cable news channels. CNN's duty would rough introduced two young women, computers, or reading weblogs to gauge the reaction of the sad news. One little woman stated that Mr. Thompson had basically pioneered the practice of Gonsaw journalism. Mr. Thomas's producer's doge, burning a cork, and sports dudes, Sid Rosenberg, just could not forget a life of them, figure out what all the fuss was about regarding Mr. Thompson's death. What did he ever do, shortly-a-poolball headed producer, who was this guy, laughed Mr. Rosenberg? But their questions would soon be answered by the news bunnies at MSNBC, who were broadcasting live from the studio, with in-depth coverage of the top story, the darkness head and deed come. Getting dark? Yeah. By the way, I see him. So they say in Detroit, where it's always kind of. For 13 and 5, 60, let's take a look at that poll. Who is the most divisive force in this freaking world of A? You've got 627 votes. Religion, 76% for 175. I don't like that. Oh my God. Money 61, politics 40, race 23, language 9, education level 8, ethnicity 7, sexual orientation. You're fairie. For. How do you like that? Okay. You got to believe, baby. You're a CG, a real Roger Ferrell. And we're going to the studio, 8. And. The guy. I check once so. Thank you for coming. I'm 50 cent. And I'm the guy. And we're here to put the answer to his final wrap wall. My call in its roast. But truth. I thought we was calling a ceasefire. No. And they'll cease fire. The truth. You'll step off. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. It's a ceasefire. Yes. I'm dying on the way. You're fairie. From 19 and 5, 60, WDQM. Let's take a couple of calls. And before we go to the top of the pregame show. I. Time to go home. Have a couple of lunches will be good. So what do they bring on Friday? Just the ribs. We get like rip them like fries and you know the fries. They're triplets. But we do get the ribs. Some kids in city stay house again. That is correct. Very, very good ribs. That's too sweet. Well, I see you. 10. Just perfect. Just right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound by. 5, 60. I need to rise and see get a ride on this line. See if that changes season thing man. Right. From winter in the spring. And today, I think is hopefully the last day. It's going to be like 7, the day which is 45. Tomorrow. 11. 7, 11, maybe 52. Starting tomorrow in the fitties. They're like that's being a 50 cent. So many Q.A.M. Hello. Let's try to keep George. Yeah. Okay. Let's try to keep Reverend Jones off the army. We're going to die. I got it. Come to Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think we should use a cherry silo as like a bargaining chip. The gate makes sure these slots are class three. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. We'll give her to the depther. We'll give her a sign up on those class three slots. Right. Then we can take that too and put it in the right slot. That's a good idea. It's a slot problem. What do you say? Raccoom. WKOM. Hello. Hey, deal. Or is no well bush would say a crack problem. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. Hey, listen. Maybe you could check it out. I think it was over the weekend. They had a thing about a brick stances getting zapped by one of those 50,000 full t-d. Yeah. We haven't had that last week. Gold. Yeah. We've got it on the website. How many QAM hello? Is this a 90, um, you scared readers? No, it's not. Why would you want to call him? No, that's not. I was going to write it. Call them instead. QAM hello. Line 9. Yeah. Deal, please. Speaking, please. The, uh, megabots is a problem. Oh, isn't it? This is Bob Lincoln. There he is. Okay. Get out of here. What? I don't like talking to him. It sounds like it'll drug for a grand-eye line. Get him out of here. I'll write. Well, I said, like I said, get him off. See if he has to have people if it's public. And sooner or later it is. WQAM hello. Hi. Hello. Yes. The idea. We got disconnected. All right. WQAM. You got disconnected. Birth from the issue. Q. QAM. Yes. Yes. This is called the legal. Do they do? Okay. Great. Time to lay. Now I got an act today. WQAM hello. We love the marlin. They are so good. WQAM hello. Yes, sir. Two furrier. WQAM hello. Hey, me. Yes. I know George might have watched the sentence last night. They had a tribute to Rick Sanchez from the news anchor Kent Brockman. The lady come along and said, how about that guy? You nailed with your car. He's still dead. He's still dead. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. Yeah. Okay. Well, I've got all the water to say. Have a good one. Okay. Thank God. WQAM hello. You. Yes, sir. Dave Wellington told me you were a racist bag. Okay. Great. I'm real happy to hear it. WQAM hello. Is this put the line list show? Yes. Samson speaking. WQAM hello. People's personalities are devices. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM. Oh, what these people are just wilder. Like I said, only the losers are left in town now. Sorry. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know what is off the topic? Off the topic. Yeah. The poor are waiting. We haven't heard that for a while. Today's poor. I love the boy. Okay. It's not poor. I'm poor. I'm sorry. I'm just a little bit. I'm still home and talking about it. The poor and lady. Do we have anybody ever called her the poor and lady? No. In addition to which, schmuck, we're already. Played it about how many times today. What? What? They're poor and they're poor and they're poor. And don't forget, top it all off. Have the season pay. Yeah. See, spread it around. 560, 505, 60. These are the best man. This is what it's all about. Hope that you people in that office over there that's something that cost it. So I'm doing these intellectual calls. Okay. Because I sure am. Because it's already almost like a half hour before the pre-game show. Right? Good. So, how many kilograms? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I am. Neil, I'm fortunate. I do not have good news. I don't know if you heard I'm CNN about an hour ago. And earthquake of the magnitude 8.2. Yeah, and so my fries are. Yeah. Can you? And I'm not only that. They're saying that this earthquake is categorized as a thrust first quick, not a side to side, which if you know what that means in geology. Yeah. It means it's a, it's an aftershock from the tsunami. And what is the, what's the point? Well, this is what they're saying. The thrust occurred upwards of 19 miles of death, which means the light is a lot of a tsunami happening just like the one in December 26th are very good. And unfortunately the plan with that is it's a 20 at four hour difference between us and then that means most of those people are going to be asleep if the tsunami is going to happen again. Well, isn't that a good way to go? I'd say I don't know where God was. I guess he's paying so much attention with the Terry Shival and the Pope seems to have forgotten to, you know. And Justin, in Jackson, Demerall and Condondal, but we'd a place Jesus. God Almighty talked about whipped up into ways psychotic frenzy. And of course the divorce level kept getting higher and I'm thinking of Jackie Wilson and that song higher and higher. Yeah man. God, any higher is in glass would have started cracking, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five this flen thing. Now what are we going to do about it? Yeah, I got it to it. I think we need to have a suction tube. There you go. And it pulls all the flim out. That way, 2 a.m. Hello. You're high, you know. Yes sir. I just like to have a couple comments for you. Throw it in. Okay. Number one, with this Terry Shival thing. I don't understand why these religious people. If they believe in heaven, why are they keeping their lives? That's understandable. I can't figure that one out. Number two, I want to be in the casino this weekend. I'm so sorry, yeah. The place was mobbed. Right. For nothing to do. But I at least owe less to a couple hundred bucks for their money, even though I didn't know how to operate the machines. Well there you go. Have a good one, man. And back to you. Take care. I got off a machine and launched you all in some punk set down to put $40.000 in it got $3,000 in the line. Is that an interesting story? It's, uh, how it goes in this. It'd be pressing. I got a great slot story for you. Do you have a friend of a friend goes in one pole of the machine. Yeah. He grand. I want to put a baby grand. A grand, one pole. First pole of the machines. Oh. And then just walk away. Just walk away. Yeah. 70 in a check 10 grand in cash. Where was this at the the one I co-conocrete at the engine place, huh? Yeah. Wow. Your friend must really be a. We're in my friend. You would have been jumped if you were my friend. Yeah. There's several ways we could look at that. 50, 70, 50, 60 pound, five, 60, whatever it is. The rising signal around the slide. I'm just thinking about it then. Yeah. Yeah. A lot. WQAM. Hello. The oil has a go today. OK. All right. Got that. This is my two cents on Terry Shiro. Please. All these calls for these, these, uh, Christians and everything are not exercising. The one power that they have, they're actually the power of prayer. And if God wants to answer their prayers, then she will live. If God doesn't want to answer prayers, then it's his plan. And then when you got those, maybe he has busy right now. Maybe he got some leftover home and stuff. She made him for him that he's eating, huh? All these people are trying to do is just to get man to save her. Why not use their God? Well, they are. They're praying up a storm man. They're praying. They're doing back here. They're cute. They're not praying. They're not. They're not cute. They're not cute. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not praying. They're not praying. They're not praying. Remember, tell me that you are. Remember to be the two of them. Cute. Cute. Yeah. OK. Wow. Man, oh man, if we got the power to show is just it's incredible. Scary. It's like a religion. Anyway, look at that. The earthquake preliminary magnitude. 8.2. That's a big one, baby. That's huge. That is gigantic. Uh, basically the place that I'm sending now is quite high level. So meaning that I can go into this people. I don't believe you're thinking about that. Those people are, you know, who are they? Oh, my God. My TV is starting to smell like curry now. I can't stand it. 29-pass noon at 5.60. But you can't. You know, even after all these years that I've been telling about the virus, there's still some cowards out there afraid to buy a mattress over the phone. What's wrong with you? When you call 1-800 mattress, the number for dial-a-matte. You'll find out that they've got the most liberal exchange policy. So there's no risk. Did you know that 1-800 mattress has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry? So once you try it, you'll never go back to a shore or again. I'll bet your paw burns life on it. We'll get no nonsense. No, what aroused no shore or machine at again? Just factory direct prices on the best brands. You know, when trust, when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be calling me company right number one in the world in customer satisfaction too. Whatever brand you prefer, they got it. They got them all. See, sort of, Simmons King coil, tempered experience and foster a human, whichever one you like. They got it. They're going to shut up right to you. And I dial a mattress off as you know payments are interest to you in 2006. So call dial-a-matte's toll-free for all the details, 1-800 mattress. I've been using them for years and even more. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Enjoy your dollar. Best  aus booked overlooks in your daha on 560 60 accumain. Seg the MDs. uphold taxis. voice-over. And you're like advertising apps. segundo your Fox. I saw you ran into a decision coming asleep. View indicating patter like raining. All right, we just took care of the beautifillist. Would you noodle for Fox? TP Milk. lm Cook-a. unlock Cook-a. darle Cook-a. mush m tamb. Delugified, dry, glassy consistently. . ait. Rec Juice. with testosterone. Testosterone is the one hormone that rich pasta that really sticks out. Ooh, well, it's it. That's right. Now there's a way to increase your sex drive and endurance. Hey honey, you could get the testosterone to provide the sub to the boss. And best of all, testosterone can benefit the whole family like mom. Oh my god. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Grandpa. Oh, no. Nothing yet. Testosterone. It'll do wonders for your noodle. You're still nothing. Oh, wait. Some food. No, no, partial arm. Oh, god. Come on. What a truth. Okay. I'm going to have to look out of this thing up on the website for when the attorney's coming out. Okay. Seriously? Yeah, what are I? I can do it. I just click my me for lower deal. It's pretty sad that we have to like go online now. That's how little information we get from our powers that be there. Okay. Survey schedule. Survey says. Uh. Uh. How can that be? Then. Well, I see that's rate is April already. I'm a froth for froth for froth for froth for froth. No fooling. Frighty 1130 in the morning. Got it already. Pretty sad, situation. We have to look up online and go through that whole sum of this arbitrage and survey schedules had as a post having like somebody like a real person involved with us. But that's okay. Maybe they'll stay out of our hair from now on. Five six seven that's what Mozart. Five six seven oh five sixty. That's right. You haven't seen me with my new short hair yet. No, lines on all time short to some is a room. Not like this though. I'm sure that skin heads short. If I can't make sure that I'm going to shorten up real real tight. For I come there. And my hair too. W Q A M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Speaking. Neil. I don't know if everyone's asleep but the wheel of the media. But over the last couple of weeks while the whole cherry shiver thing was going on. There's a huge. Yeah. There's an act in front of Congress called the Constitutional Reform Act. I have some gentlemen named Shelby at Alabama, which will essentially Richard Shelby of Alabama. He ain't no gentleman man. He's a Yahoo. He is a Yahoo. And he has this thing before Congress and the Senate called the Constitutional Reform Act. And if you google it, there's only like three things on Google about that a very minute fuel. And also all the Christian rights who want to complain about this judge. Greer is a conservative Republican who would just stick out of his Baptist church. This is ridiculous. That is correct. And no one is no one's reporting it. Because it doesn't fit in what their game plan. No one to understand is to pan during to prostitutes and hoard themselves to the highest bidder. Absolutely correct. And when all the religions to got that tax-free cash baby, you figure it out. That's right. 80% of the politicians in Washington are controlled by the Christian right now. It's very scary. That's the true doctor. No one can imagine that. Okay. Now I see the border. See you, Paul. I've been goose stepping right on my way down. 560, 0560, pound five 60. We got the Marlins and Orioles. Any interest coming up at 1250 with a free game on 05 the game time. guilty. Follows the game till 7. Curtis and Lady Martins. I had seven or five 80K 10. Eddie who's like a rock. WDQAM. Hello. Hey man, what is this for? I'm a good friend. For a good friend. I'm talking about for a good friend. Yeah, it's her people are where Guiabbeira is. You wearing a Guiabbeira? Guiabbeira? Yeah, Guiabbeira. Yeah, Guiabbeira is what it is. Okay, like Mary and Barry. He also had a rectum crack problem. One of your little beiner people there. Yes. He probably knows your buddy, uh, beiner boy. Oh yeah. Yeah, I was waiting for that. 560, 0560, pound five 60. What are we going to do before the volume? I really want a good one. It's my good buddy. Burton's coming to the gas room. Let's talk about. I beg your pardon. Burton, who would have been proud of that talk? Woody, really. That would be said in the previous casino. He said, Nanya, he just, I don't want to talk about it. Don't talk about it. That's the right answer. 560, 0560, pound five 60. We love them, Marlin. Come on. Let's get in that baseball fever, huh? Let's get in that NCAA that College Hoops fever. What are you saying? No. W't a QAM, hello. Yes, Neil. So let me have a happy season going again. Yes, sir. Oh, oh, hot, you. The left college just pulled up about that church, Greer. Yeah. And said to tell you, as kicked out of his church, well, he was. But Republican conservatives Democrat, whatever. The reason he was pulled out of his church is because he would not order them to put the Qs back in. Q. Yeah. He was not going along with them. It had nothing to do with either right wing conservative and they would say, a little amount of the back. Are you in a conservative church, Doug? Oh, he is. You know, what's the about that? But he would not put the Qs that he saved back in. Right. And then after one of the other men there, they stuck the tube right in the him too. Right. They should have never put the Qs in her years ago. Much less worried about pulling it out. Hey, man. I think there's a moreable that story. And don't stick it in unless you're planning to pull me out. Five six and look at this. Here's some college hockey for you. A huge goal in that game. I think you're going to Colorado College. Can't score eight. There's great defensive play. Is that cool game? I was going to. I was just too fast. Last night, it gets cold. Don't forget this call. This is not cool. This is a Colorado color. Something like that. Some, you know, it's Michigan. What do you expect to find some little girl school? See the way sweat kind of did this splits there. I can't say that. Five six seven. Five six. Here's that. You see the way that splits there. Sound like a bunch of flamers. Do fairy. Doing at the broadcast. Oh, by the way. I don't. If I ever have to see Dick fight, Taligan. Oh, stop already. You know, they got these commercials with him on there. Now to get him out of my life. I'm going to my face. He is truly nausea. You know, and of course, the sports were turning. That's for us to say that. Well, Dicky V. Have we ever seen him? I know Josh here. Let's see. I haven't. Oh. Ozzy. Talk about a nice haircut. Oh, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Loud, unconscious idiotic. Go to the desk. When a much less to fall on TV. One minute to know you mean. Yet the words about it. Dicky V. I said it wasn't anything right. Nothing like that college hockey man. I don't really believe that. I'm gonna show you how to be a good player. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six. The pound, five, six, six. The univerrisen singular wireless line. Come on. Let's get this down. Energize. What are you saying? I'm just kidding. Double to Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Can we look for? WQ.A.M. Hello. Yeah. I, I just wanted to give you a heads up. Yes, him again. Double to Q.A.M. Hello. We love this part. 10. There number. Yeah. How about the Spartans? have a rooting interest and I write about that, John. That's right. And if you're a real sports fan, you have a rooting interest for a team for some reason. And if you have a bet on the game, then you're a sports fan. It just means you're a gambler. Which means okay. But that's not what a sports fan is all about being a gambler. That's all about Michigan State doing real well, and then you just start rooting for them. Now what's up with all the Zadnean? Just kidding. Come down. What a jackass. We're going to take that fluke battle with two lathe. We got a few A.M. Hello. How do you say about it? To the Flemingman? Yeah, Flemingman. Flemingman? Or the Plantman? Plantman? He's coming on top of the ballgame, the Plant Guy. What that was his name? Chris Baker. No, Chris Baker. With another Plantman. He was Chris Rollins. After his Rollins, the Plantman. He was a headman, a hell of a show. He'd like to plant it. WDQA.M. Hello. Hello. Let's get back to the George J.Factor. Oh, man. Just obsessed. Just obsessive. The same WDQA.M. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to find out how to spell Hacetam. Ah, a spell? Yeah. Yeah, like that. Yeah. If there would be a lot of flame with a big one of those. Okay. Just put it right on the page. See them. And suppose to know C.M. Well, I've got your one thing. Thank you. I've got these religious holidays. You know, if that's the one thing religion is good for. He would not have good holidays. Just put it in the secular holidays. Get going. Yeah. What kind of holidays do those damn atheists and agnostic say? Anyway, what? Like freedom day. WDQA.M. Hello. Nobody there on six. There's a warning for you. WDQA.M. Hello. You. You. You. Yes. First of these people are imitating me. I haven't called. Okay. WDQA.M. Hello. Hey, big guy. Can you put on basketball Jones? Basketball Jones? Yeah. What would that mention in this card? Civil War. So what would it get for a shot to? Chip. Tamalini. I'm a power player. What? Nothing. Michigan. All right. Oh, my dog liked that. I hate Michigan, man. I should only. Yeah. I mean, when you went to Michigan State even for five minutes, I got it. You certainly despise. Michigan. And everything about them except the course for Tom Brady. WDQA.M. Hello. And back at you. WDQA.M. Hello. KEZ devastated fine. Anybody. I said you can make it. It's my triumph. Very good final result. Gid, all already been a chef according to Huh alert. Really cool. That's my dream because he was like, great idea for me to get me to do this by his wife. I've heard K Kickstarter interview often. I mean, half of me doesn't count anything, zero. He's good. Very good. He's just trying to have his ex-stud day. You're right. Where did you go? How did you do that? flush. I'm not sure if I'm here to play. Do you have a short show today? Tomorrow's playing today? Tomorrow's in about five minutes, baby. Great. I thought he was going to get it's gray and it's the wind's blowing, but I know you're going to play. I already checked it right now. Are you not going to play? I'm going to play. Hey, my mom. No, what is this, buddy? How can you even want to come down here for any reason? I don't. I know you don't fit you have to, I guess. I think I'm going to run your car just around here. I just have him stand by passport. Oh, my God. I get so many hot things as a born right here. That's not anyway. Take care, buddy. See, how do the skaters for me, family? I'll see you soon. I don't think I'll ask the week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60 in the Verizon signal. Right this time we've got a lot of time here. 5 minutes to get in. You're very important comments. All. Yeah. They scared it. Go in there. There's a similar again. For sure what I'd see. Oh, he says he has the father says he's still responding. She's pointing like crazy. Just think the dreadful strength. The live. So all we need is it's not too late. A tube is someone the same pair. When when did they stop? One of these people stop this insanity. When will they stop the madness away? Which he's good. Four of us. Oh. You know, I pleaded again. The power is to be, you know, don't give up on her. We haven't given up on her. And she hasn't given up on us. That's what she's saying to people. So thank you very much. You're welcome. Oh, I said, I think they Marlon came up. I realize that we're small potatoes. They're just too kind of like one of them. They're not for different. Lori and David Samson and Marlon. I think everybody did do another. World series. When you think Josh. That's right. Another world championship. I can smell us. I can smell. They're just like, kind of late and low. They're in the preseason. My wife's your time on this crap. There you go. I can hear it right now. We did it. Two. Two. Two. Marlon. One. One. Two. Marlon. One. One. You're fair. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Have you seen a no forget to stay to an active volume or tune back in. Check back with us later. Cause then gel these on. These four and seven. They're not bad. Wow. These men apply open them. They're up on the grud. Burners in one bar. Pazards seven. And the Ed Kaplan. One. Two. Three. Always that. That was so good. It scared me. I didn't find racians on that. That's so good. They were part of the song. Good. Let's stay away from me. Two. One. One. One. Two. One. One. One.