I'm not out. No, don't go away. Here's Neil. That was your special one. I don't do the promo. Man. Don't go, don't go, don't go away. We try to find promos that want to make people want to do a send. That'll do it. How you doing today? Don't forget, Moldo Saktano is going to have the Bill Scourron's mother-in-law on XNK First Basement, Moose, Moose Scourron. So I guess his mother-in-law would be a Moose set. That might be it. What's going on? This is Moose. What's going on up north? Everything is great. It's been a little on the hot side. Yeah, I've been there. The little on the Toasty side. 90's every day, but that stops tomorrow. It's a nice storm in here this afternoon. It's going to kind of like clear it all up back into the middle of the upper 70's tomorrow. We're having a sandstorm here. Really? Yeah, I saw that coming from Africa. Yeah, you don't really notice it, but it's there. You can see it on your car. Yeah. The sand is a little bit of a cop or. It's not a downpour. But one of the skies, a little disaster stuff seems to come in from Africa. Like the hurricanes, I'll start off the coast of Africa and all those tropical storms. This is not a big dust storm. Yep. Which came along with the storm. I guess it came along with one of those other storms. It just came up the Caribbean. So speaking of Ricky Williams, are we getting sick and tired of that already? Or what? My god. Pop, pop, pop. You know, just when we thought we were done with that, and here we go all over again. I Ricky, Ricky, Ricky. Ricky, Ricky. It's almost like Jimmy and Danny all over again. I was kind of curious to hear about his search for the meaning of life. Yeah. It's amazing how much not just here, but the national media is obsessed with this story. And thank goodness that it gave up that grandeur mind. That's good news. Because we sure don't want him to get in the suspended again. All right. He could be right in the morning. He can't take one more suspension. Right. And even if he misses a test, if he doesn't show up for us, I guess he gets frequent testing. He's facing. Yeah. He misses a session. It's like a failed test. You know, speaking of drugs. Yes. I was watching a little bit of, I was tenels here from last night, and I don't know who Detroit was playing. But anyway, so a little bit of the type of game. And, and. Pudgerad Riggas was betting and looked to me like a shot 100 pounds. Is that what it is? I don't know. Yeah. And everybody's one. He's very, very resentful of the question as to why he lost a lot. Yeah. And I said, that's the first thing that came to my mind. This is he's named in that book. And then of course his ass is about a quarter of the size they used to be. He used to have one of the biggest asses in history of sports. Yeah. He's a Mickey Lola, which in the course, who is the Red Sanctuary's one? No, von. Yeah. But he wasted a way. His guy is on half a punch. He got that big ass no mole. No. But I always think of big ass and mole in the same sense. Oh, I haven't noticed. We got the space shuttle, a big launch at 10.39. I guess we can carry that live here. Everybody's on the edge of their seats to discover. You know, how I bring in a baseball game? There would be good. Do you be a little time off? Right. I mean, you're only here two days a week. Look who's talking. Well, you have to, when does this big schedule your start? You're going out to Del Maran. Well, that's maybe it's using my vacation time. Yeah. You've been a good student. I'll tell you that. Hey, if somebody writes it to the bank and the less work to better this. I'll be working. I'm doing your own to the million. I was thinking of myself. If Greg Reed went to England, you know, did you think, because I thought that with that haircut, he can work like a terrorist. Oh, I thought you were going to give him a subway pass. That's what I'm talking about. Look how I can terrorist. Two first ask questions later. But they are very sorry about it. It's true and nearly sorry. Oops. Yeah. It's a last place I would want to go right now. I love this. The trouble made launch even a censor problem recurres. So they're just under a lot of pressure to get this thing up there. And you know, if we have to sacrifice more people up there in the sky, it's still be it. That's the way it goes. Do you even New York posts every non-in? I'm not digging a Rupert Murdoch. Although I do read the Toronto Sun, that's not a rag at his but the Vidsports station. Front page today's class. Osond and Lyon tried to buy a massive amount of cocaine. Spike it with poison and sell it to the United States. Hoping to kill thousands of Americans one year after 9.11. Yeah. The evil plot failed when the Colombian drug lord's been lying on the process of being bad for their business. That's not really. Some of the gunfire. Yeah. And possibly for their own help. This is according to law enforcement. We're just out of the dolphins organization. We've got a lot of rips, snorting guys been on that team for quite a while. I think the fact that they're accepting Rupert's back. I was saying this before this morning that it's usually the state of the organization. They got real problems. They're desperate. I think for a guy to dump on and the way he didn't just spit in their face and like, oh yeah, everything's forgiven and come on back. So it's going to be great. I asked this question earlier today. What do you think would have happened to a guy who stood up and said, I don't want that guy back. He killed my whole season. I don't want him to play this game and he robbed me of a year. Right. But you think, you know what you're all like? When the team went guess for what? And AJ Tuskey's feeling, or flying for starting quarter. I think he's going to be on that. And I hate interpretive journalism. But the reality I think is that the saving is just, you know, making sure that everybody says the same thing. And he's going to play it that year and then if he gets a chance to trade him, he's turning dead in handle. Right. And somebody is somebody who'll jump at the chance to get him. Believe me. Because I can play football. And they'll be a team out there who will lose the starting running back. Like, you know, fall them all or San Diego. They're starting running back star. You know, they might give it off in something for him. I see what Dave wants to say to about the organization. He said, you mama or something very similar to that. There are less. He couldn't care what happens down there. Sounds like Sarah Griggs to me now that the wants to do is over. Ever? But we got some big stuff coming. I wonder if Jelby's all with the talk about the hockey season. And it's a same old story. And Mike Keenan says, oh, the panper's going to spend all this money. How many years we've been here in that now? Yeah. Well, I guess it's a very respectable 30 million dollar payable. And they're going to go out there and they're going to compete in a Peter Forth. Birds available in this one and that one. I'll believe when I see it. Well, they have a week to do it. This is the week that they can sign players. And they can tap into this and promote it anyway they want. But the fact of the matter is that this whole thing has been geared toward salvaging these horseball franchises that never should have been a league in the first place. Carolina, the mighty ducks, the panthers. I mean, this is joke. The mighty ducks. They'll end up trashers back for another round. Yep. That's true. And yet they insist that that. Like, like, selling halivime on the North Pole man, there's just no market for it. There's not, I had this idea. He helped me forget about it. I've come up with a new scape. And that's not going to sign out of flying. I thought they were talking with a space shuttle. They got skymels of drying there on CNN. Really, a weather roi. He's the space to that expert. It keeps him in business. Yeah, it keeps CNN in business, unfortunately. What a bunch of grave robbers. What a bunch of bastards. People in the American media most of them, they should only rot, especially the electronic media, and they're just evil doers. Suckups. They got, they grew up there a ball there for a couple of days when they were like questioning Scott McLean on the Carl Roe business. And they got all balls either for two or three days. That was the end of that. You won't see that again soon. Yeah, that whole business. It's, you know, somebody had a bag. And kind of was no blue dress with a stain on it involved in that. Somebody wanted to know the other day if, you know, now the Carl Roe is, is, uh, is in trouble. Does that mean he loses his face president function to change? Right. And don't forget about scooter liby. Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Say God, their things like the racetrack man and the little diversions like that to get us all away from these. And then of course we got the ratings coming out tomorrow. Yeah. I'm sorry. I mentioned that. Scooter's 87 years old now. Scooter liby? No, Scooter was 0. Oh, Scooter, the scooter. He's 87 on the coffee car on. Come on home. And you know something I really pissed me off. He said the fact that he was totally incompetent. One of the worst of all time. Is the fact that he got into this big thing about how he invented holy cow. Harry Carrey was doing a Cardinals games in the 40s and like 45, 46 to and holy cow before Phil Rosudo ever like. He's still wearing a jox draft. What is he talking about? Holy cow, my ass. And toward the last couple of years when he was in it. Every holy cow. Oh, he said was only cow. That's all he said. He said put on the coffee car. I'm coming home. And he would literally he would actually leave the game early. Yeah. Yeah, I did not. And the only reason he stuck around that long is because he tried to retire a couple years before he did and Steinbrother told him he'll retire when I'd say he could retire. Well, he loves to be really pleasant working for a guy like Steinbrother. I think we got problems. Man, I know some people who did and you're right. No, what a bastard. See, I don't know about you, but I just don't have a lot of women in my life for rich, spoiled brat rich people a lot of money, you know. You know, like Wayne, here's another one. They're all the same. The long one always got to have their way. I see you want to talk about Ricky. Yeah, we're doing our whole show today. I'm Ricky. Yeah. And shit. We're here in Chad. Jack and Ricky. That's it. Have a good show. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'll see you. Sorry, it's over. It's tomorrow. There you go. You'll be a plunging on Sarah. I'll be a woodbind making my contribution to the betterment of mankind. Yeah, me first kind. Okay. See you. You too. Did you lose your action? I'm like you on your honey. You said yes. Do you have a match? I need to like my shoe base. I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna. When there's a bomb in my shoe, and the weather is in my heart. I can take a big deal. When I blow the flames on my face, I'll show the blue that my fate will pass. If you don't search for a lot, Your life is worth to take me. When I'm in it, there's a reason why. With a bomb on my face. I'll be with a wet spot on your seat. I'm not doing my life. I'm an outwriter. I'm a new witness of all of my shoes. I'm a man of the night. I'm an outwriter. You're going away with your eyes this way. You're going away with your eyes this way. I'm a fighter. I'm a fighter. You're going away with your eyes. You're going away with your eyes. You're going away with your eyes. I'm a fighter. Five, six, seven, eight, four. Bonstra. I can live and swim more. Bound the track. We're going to drop the bomb. Around my last moment, drop 10. The bottom and the girls dance Loved that red red officer And they're going to fall Around the clock tonight We're going to walk on the clock Up there like three on the clock And they're going to fall And they're going to fall Oh, right! I'm here I'm going to take you I'm going to take you I'm going to take you I'm going to take you I'm going to take you I'm going to take you I'm going to take you There's a wheel going on So, I'm coming to the blast We're going to go back Up there like three on the clock Around the clock Two night Went around the clock Up there like three Through the clock Going around the clock We're going to take you And they're going to fall He's still stuck The one that was Ricky Blake in the sun. What is our church? Exactly. Forboding a space shuttle. We got 28 minutes to be who's counting. How come they took away their little clock they had on their countdown? It's 1039's lift off time. Yeah. And what are their technical problems? It's time to send it up there. It's 27 minutes and 33 seconds to be standing. So we'll recover it live for you on a CNN. That's not that. That would be great. And of course we got our fingers in legs crossed making sure that this time nothing goes wrong. All the last time it was on the return. Remember then? Yes, I did. And of course the atiles, the broken tiles, and this and that and my all. See, there's really no reason to be spending these billions of dollars in our realize that a lot of space could have stopped there. Oh, gee, how could you say that it's so important? No, it's not. Because most of the information and technology that we get are from unman's space flights. Right. Like the Hubble spacecraft. But nevertheless, no confusion. I mean, this is like much more dramatic, right? Absolutely. What did you say? Absolutely. That's right. Service pool in yesterday, 1,036 votes, who is the most annoying commercial spokesperson of all time, the spokesman. Matthew Lesco asked Lesco books one for you. I moved fast. Jared from subway, 120 to a Jared. Do Ferry. Carretop, call ATT-192. Can you hear me now the Verizon guy, 68? Billy May is actually 162. He's annoying all right. And he's always shouting. He's a screamer. David Spade, capital 154, David Singer, 52, that's bad. Pop it on Honda, 851. Tony Little, the workout guy, 44. The monarch Dodge family, 41 King Paul, I think he's still dead. 50, how he's in he craiged, 40. John Bastow, fitness made simple 33. I don't think I know who that is. Smiling Bob from inside. He got a third man. What is it? Fantanist? The parenthesis? Yeah. 26. Uncle Mel, Philip's in Toyota 23. The Big Bo, Ford Rock Solid, 19. The Dietek, Com guy. 19. Lost it at a moment. Dietek, lay me. Steven, the adult guy, 17. Haven't seen him in a long time. Thank God. That's right. Susan Powder stopped the insanity 16. Tom Carvelle from the Carvelle 14. He's been dead for 100 years. The rooms to go people. 12 Dan Reno for 11th and 12. Lindsey. Dolphin Carpet in town. 9. Who was John Madden for tonight in 7. Ben Stein, theorized 6. Terry Bradshaw, super cut 6. Bill Schatter for price line.com 5. Dan Delsky, we've a houses 3. Mr. Whipple for Sherman, don't squeeze it. And the Sherman either 3. Robert Conrad for Railway Batteries 3. Tom Voo, peddling his tapes 1. And poor old man, you're soaking in it for a couple of years. Yeah, I want to start things out. In fact, I think they embombed her in it. You see soaking in it? She's dead. And so I think what she did is to Rosie the bow. She was annoying. How come the quicker pitrop away? She's going to Hollywood Square is Rosie. The quicker pitrop. This is the way she said it. We'd like to hear a muffle of a muffle of a mush. But anyways, she's dead. 1014 at 5.60 WQA and happy Tuesday. Two weeks after waiting is coming out tomorrow. We got the Spacer of the launch. 10th or nine this morning. There's the Ashrenots. There really is. I don't know really is something. You know, for years, Armstrong for the home set is always treated everybody just like family. And they want to stand it off for the you to join their family. Ford is just announced their Ford family plan. That's right. Right now, Armstrong for the home set. You can buy a vehicle that employed this compresses. Now, to July 31, which means about another week, Armstrong for the home set. Give you the same great pricing that air-reforward motor company employ and the families get. And not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong for his exclusive unbeolievable tires and batteries for live program. And for a little bit of time within a new car purchase, you're going to get a color TV free too. So what could you possibly be waiting for if you want the best deal? Pick up the phone right now and call at 305-247-51. Trump asked for David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place. No bait and swiss, no phone deals. This fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong for the home set where they feature like family. Armstrong for this product will be locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich has bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong for it. It's US-1 at Southwest 307 Street. Just 20 minutes drive south of the 36. Check them on the way at Armstrong Cars.com and give David Rich a call at 305-247-51. 12 an hour. And as David about the Ford family plan. Drive a little bit extra, but save yourself thousands and billions at Armstrong Ford of home set. 20 comes to sports. We've got a story. Sports where you'll find six feet. Two, three, four. This is an ABC news special report. One of the most consequentials this is the President of NACE. This is the point that a budgetess is to Supreme Court. And so an nominee to that court must be a person of superb credentials. And the highest integrity. I have found such a person in judge John Roberts. My decision to nominate Judge Robert for the Supreme Court came after A thorough and delivery process. Conducted with fairness and civility. He made me, my name, my name, my name. See you, King. Go away, my name. May I offer my brain? Judge Robert thank you for agreeing to serve, and congratulations. Please, this is the presentation of ABC News. You're going to be able to push like you know, see PENCO ROV. Wait, no, don't, don't, don't. That's incredible. Let's just play that all the way through. It'll be a clock when you say. Okay. So here's a thanks from my big army about Phil Rosino. We're still about he cares about that unless you're in a old towed, like me and Hank. But the scooter, he sucks. And he has to hold me to you. Hey, Corp. Put the coffee on and put him in a can. I've just got a task yet. Let's get Phil's task yet ready. Do you not think of getting his? No, I've got it. I can check. Nice, well be. Anywhere we're like only 18 minutes and so, 47 seconds away from me, you're discovery launch. Oh man, is this exciting or what? No, I think it's a lot better than Ricky. Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky. So what do you think about Ricky? I don't. And I'll speak about that. I'm glad you said that because if anybody knows that nobody's quit smoking pot, you know that. Okay, I'll, well, you're going to say people will say they're going to quit eating ice. Cream is a lie. They mean, they may mean it when they say it, but of course they don't do it. I don't want nothing in anybody particular. Josh. He just got a wizard later. A bigger part. You know, he probably discovered the wizard later. Oh, the wizard, and an area. I've got a great line for that. Oh, no. You'll see the reading, psychotic. And anyway, here's the next pool question. Which I'm trying to think of what inspired me to take this. I was thinking about the driving in Boston, my little bit. I was like, well, there was this a long time ago, but nevertheless, everybody tells me it's not any better. And I've been back. See, there's some places where you go and visit any reddit car. Biggest is every time I go to take a certain way to car. Boston. Most of the times I used to go to Boston, I would read a car, but then I stopped doing that. I don't know why. And I think I'd do no like as I hated driving or terrible. But anyway, when I lived there, I had my first car, my little 60 blue corvare, should be growrbear, but I was a really nifty little car. That fanbelts, but I'd rather than that. Oh, seriously, I think I put about 180,000 miles on that car. It was a real-a-workhorse. But they're driving is the worst in Boston. That was my photo and this pool. Where is the worst place you've ever driven? We have 193 votes. They'd tell the of course, 102. Boston, 28. And see Boston is my choice because having driven in both. They'd tell these bad, but nothing like Boston. And especially in the wintertime, it's still like about it. And 18th of an inch, you know, and it's like, oh, gee, what do we do now? How do we handle this? Although I will say this, can you imagine if it's snowed in South Florida? Oh, I have bought them, thought and discussed that with people. Wow, but it's snowed. Holy, holy, Mary. What's that? We bought them 28, New York 18, Broward County 16, which I don't see why the biggest third between Dave and Broward, it's an ethnic thing. Trying to put it on the old, absolutely not. What? The driving in Broward is a picnic compared to Dave. I don't know what you say that if you ever driven in Holland there, that's better than I checked out with every award. Yeah. Maybe if you get on university, North of sunrise, I mean, that is like, you know, Kevin Man is an old name. Nothing. Okay. Oh, okay. For the best part of day. Kevin, I lived in both Dave and Broward County. Oh, you're full of gravity. Broward 16, Los Angeles 15, role 6. I wouldn't grab their feet. Me by the kilometer. I mean, but I just thought the key doesn't know how they do it. There's no markings on the roads. You like 8,000 lanes and they just pick and choose where they want to go. It's just, I don't get it. Tampa 3, Chicago 3 and Vegas 2. See, Vegas has got the several problems. One of which is the strip was never designed to handle the load of traffic they get on there. So it's impossible to get anywhere if you scoop it enough to grab on the strip and don't know the back rows and number 2. Similar to South Florida only worse. Problem being that about 90% of the people driving on a rows in Vegas, at least on the strip in that downtown area. They're from out of town. They don't know where they're going. They don't know what they're doing. They're like the lanes of the lost. Let's see, here's a fact that says, Panthers will be buyers in free agency and that says, Ride. Reading this from old copies of the Sun Sentinel from 2001, 2002 and 2003. Ha ha ha ha ha. It says, if the salary minimum is 21 million, which it's a little more than that, 21.5, I think. Expect Alan Cohen to spend 21 million. If you continue selling 29 million, like the last time, lost payroll and leak and still not have anybody on it. We'll see. We'll see. I don't want to be a party pooper, but I just dare track where if it isn't too promising. Here's another fact that says another religious fanatic pushing their beliefs on others from Brian and Papa, no beach. Capital Hill in Illinois. And Illinois pharmacists told a congressional hearing that he'll close shop rather than comply with the governor's order to provide the morning after pill. Pharmacists loop vander bleak. I guess he's outlook for as a pharmacist is kind of bleak. Testified that is a Roman Catholic. He can either provide or help a custom retainer pill that he believes is too easy. But where did this all start for me? Or it's like an epidemic in starch with one jackass somewhere in all of a sudden. Oh, that's a good idea. Let's stop for film and prescription for pills we don't believe in. Religious crazy people, man. That's the problem of the world. There is no debate about it. You can listen where you want. That is a bad. Religious crazy people. But I don't remember how all strikes right the bait of the world. And advice with the governor says the order only applies to pharmacies that sell other contraceptives. I see. Like condoms for example. You know any pharmacy that doesn't sell condoms? No. No. Hearing was hosted by Illinois US representative down man Zulio. Who the list pharmacies should have the same right as doctors to refuse like against their personal role. And what a cracker scrap that is. It's that good old. It's like the crazy in yellow pages only carried one other further agree. How about the muslim yellow pages? Are they yellow? Yes, who died? Some of you never heard of. I give up. Although I think Boca Brown alone. If I cousin isn't there one of the bits you just did here into something about WMCA in New York? Which one was that? Out of it. Oh. I don't know what it is. Hey, this is a big one by X is in your home. Is that one of these? I don't want to play there because that's not one of my favorites Brian. But nevertheless, I do like to part about WMCA in New York. Anyway, Joel Brian died. Oh no. Is that even New York radio challenge Joel Brian died? Not to be confused with the harness driver Joel Brian fresh Yankee and all those other great horses. Oh Brian, a 50 year New York air personality who worked at WMCA in New York from 1935 until 1969 and later enjoyed Stizzle WMBC New York. And WATUD in peak skill in New York. By the time they followed him out of a wheel crash in the Berkshire as a Westerman. He was 90. That's a how the thing. They have a car crash in Kirkwood in your 90. If you survive that long. Oh Brian, a cruncher Lenny's Massachusetts police is carcolated with another vehicle at a town in their section. His passenger Ruth Meyer. The first PD, a former double-day country WHN New York in the state's general manager was not injured. All Brian worked as WMCA's warning man traversing many errors in the station in history, including legendary runners as the main top board of competitor of WHBC New York in becoming a good guy. That's what they call the people on the air WMCA, the good guys and the process. From 70 to 72, we had a morning show WNBC. He was replaced by a dead man. Guess who that might be? Sorry, right. No, somebody is still dead. Don, I'm a. Oh. From the mid 70s till the official retirement 86 he worked at VEZ WHUV, I know what that means. Oh, giving beautiful music from radio terrorists to the entire Hudson Valley region. Good guy. Joel Brian's dead WMCA, good guy. Look at Brian's got a cheering his eye. So what's your brand? You like better? The one from harness racing, you get a one from WMCA. That's our pool question today. What are you talking about? That's the whole idea. To talk about all kinds of things that people on self-loat haven't got to clue but it is. Which could be this about anything except of course. And Ricky. We're only ten minutes away from our trouble. It's whatever it is from the discovery shuttle launch. Are you excited or what are you whipped up? To a frenzy? There's the mission specialist Andrew Thompson, he's specializing. Good like credit ask you this question. Dig in, what's on your credit report? If not, remember this number. Write it on your sleeve. 866-625-0444. It's the fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors but effect your credit score and we all know the problems that come when you got a band credit score. And if you ever try to contest an error that appears in your credit report, good luck to you. What a pain that is. Good live credit is here to correct those mistakes for you. Good live credits in how certainties will do all the work for you and there are no set-up fees. Good live credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus and all right letters and discrepancies and straight out any inaccuracies. So please don't let somebody else's mistake pass you a high-quitted score. Before you visit the dealership caller, we'll hear whatever new yourself a big favor and call good live credit. And right now the first 10 colors we'll do call will get a 10% discount just on the Neo4D to call. 866-625-0444. That's toll free. 1-866-625-0444-0444. Call her right now or run a web check and amount of good live credit dot com. 1-866-625-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444- 34-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-0444-ianoett Plumber myander and weeps deep. Be gives a shot. With thanks to reap Sustainer, From his church and my name, we are the school of winter dreams And the downwind of the day came round and fell Cherry fall, oh boy And his magic tail, and we fall, oh He may have just been viable, say Hey, here you look like a little girer There is to be run fast, you're basking Who's sorry? 26 people are all the hour, let's see here's one for the pool It says Jamaica And of course if they have a really stiffy car in Jamaica They don't say nice ride, they say It's a good machine man But this is that what they say, that's what they say Isn't it? I know it. Anyway, I'm sure we'll get some other ones called You're on honor, in case maybe if I ever get a man taking a few calls I'm nice to make you an honor, you never know We got a nice Christine schedule today How do you like this on this? We got a low-mise too Much of reviled moment and how we're given it to We got two managed in four Marlins on deck It's six dirty Marlins come home finally Paris at the state of the United States and in a five It's interesting that as many of the workers in Marlins have been playing Which they have, that division is so bad Which have been trying to tell Josh a long time I never believes me, but they're all like women just a few Get a handful of games, right? Four five games, you have a division so bad that nobody's under five hundred It's crazy. Well, first of all, I'm not sure if you're going to be a Well, first of all, because they're all playing each other a lot of times She said it naturally. He just don't get it right. A lot of weak sisters near, even the braves are a shadow What they used to be and of course those nice walked in Anassials man, it looked like they were really going someplace And I think they are in the tank now, but they, you know It surprised a lot of people, right? They're children there. They're in the hunt as they say as these sports people They're in the hunt What the fact is, let's say London is at the top of the list They go back up there with omni-things way They're driving on the wrong side of the road. They're a little Asked back with their brits They're going for London on there and you're going to make them on They tell these winning hands down now so far. Don't drive in They tell if you're bad you're alive and whatever you need to know Okay, I'm one of those little mini buses. What do they call those? There's didn't these? That's right. Don't get on one of those and don't take a cab I think that's stay home Yeah Frank says, and so glad you mentioned the press with Hank Goldberg this morning I watched Tony Blair's press conference this morning And while we both know he stole a crap that was refreshing to hear real questions from the press For example, considering the new British version of the paper deck, they asked They asked the question about laws being covered if we do the freedoms that's Supposedly protecting. However, the most interesting thing that was Was that in the full report is Tony Blair called on a report from the Algesyr And network to me, that's true freedom of the press. Would we ever allow Algesyr And as they know, I'm not must say we're like, yeah, yeah, then we go there Unless they were sleeping with somebody in the administration like Harry Fliesher Maybe that's why that group ball was in the Jeff Cannon cooker Yeah, that would add up. Maybe he was sleeping with gay Maybe he's got McPhillum, one of those guys. Treatment, it's a way from forming in the top. Yeah, well, you know, these people are always whipped up about marriage and anti-gamer's How much of heterosexual marriage during the White House, Condolisa, and her all roved And all the other, yeah, old mazes that we call it? Yeah, right, all roved and old maids and of course, Condolisa Feliza who you can, honey. Ken is my tomato, Hillary or Condolisa. Yeah, on board power supply now. Or Charlie Chris. That got in the plants that clothes and locked their biders and do the... Those are like your biders boys and girls and don't forget about two things and Ricky. Now, one new thing here. I'm taking the one word I'm going to give you right now. And the whole world revolves around it. And this encompasses the religious bullcraft everything. You know what the word is for? Oh, I was going to say sex money. That's fine. Oh, yeah, well. HYPE right at down in Delible Incone, you're wrist okay? Limp or not, right at down there. Everything is about hype. Rawls are supposed to be whipped up about the religious bulloney and your God. And my God, in this God, in the 7 virgins and over the 72 virgins of the vegetable virgins and out on the crab. And a wider shade of field. There is a discovery on the launch. It almost belongs to him. He must be eating lunch. Kind of like a Madrid and reverse. A travel sandwich or one of those channels last night. I guess PBS to have that travel show. Well, I sure I can't recognize you. I mean, other God, if it's always a show is on travel through Europe, you're paying this paid for that. Or the ticket does that too. Oh, what a tough life. Anyway, there were a Madrid. And they put it up. They don't eat dinner in Madrid until like 9 or 10 o'clock a night. And then they go out like barhap and starting to mingle. And then I just said weekends, but every night. Right. So, God has been there. And then, is absolutely too. The only thing about Madrid I would say it's an interesting place. But the buildings are all they'll look to see them. They're all white. Not all of them. I mean, no, no, seriously. Like it's very bland looking place. I say, doesn't have a lot of character. I think Barcelona might be more interested. I'm going to say it all out. Alright, can you just arm? Oh. Sounds a pressure. Water system is active. It's been already. The race is a success on it. T-Mine is 10 seconds. Go for made it to start. 7, 6, 5, 3, and get it up and burning. 3, 2, and 1. And list off of state-show of discovery. You have to barhap's new journey to the moon. Mars and the old. Oh, my God. The vehicle has cleared the path. The state-show of discovery. Right away. How's that? I think that's a big thing. I think that's a big thing. Well, a lot of violence, you might say, to get them to space. What should right now I'm going there? Right now they're feeling a lot of safety. I'm going to find out if they're going to go super-side. I'm going to look at the moment. I'm going to look at the moment. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be right outside the solid market. Boosters. And you can feel that. I'm going to be up inside. I'm going to be up inside the vehicle with sharks and water right now. They're going to all super-side. Another. They're going to actually call a shot collar. And that aggressive, basically, makes that water vapor condensed as it goes through a supersonic stage, right? Exactly. And in fact, they're forming a shot there. Continue to be sober. And so whatever, by the time it's going to be the sound. Yeah. When we sit in the water, we just go down. So I'm going to go down. I'm going to go down. Go down. Right away. There was your money boys and girls. Right through it. I think I made this game for the study now. I'm going to be down nine miles. I think it's getting rattle to the round of the business. We hear the famous low-end shot-of-lapse call. They're absolutely. But they're going to throttle up and hear about another less than a minute. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. We're going to be here. Let's play balls. Come on. As we're doing. We should point out that once you let your solid rocket go, it's just like no turning them off. And that first couple of minutes. Very critical. Because I've been here for a scenario. So I've been working that day. Yeah. It's two ways to turn back now. We're pretty much a long-for-the-art for that first two minutes and 17 seconds on the solid rocket boosters. Now everything happens pretty quick after that. But the next six and a half minutes on the free-man ends is we continue to accelerate up there as they will today. So you hit orbital velocity here at eight and a half minutes at 17,000 by the amount of an hour you've learned. Right. We can see the rocket boosters drop off. You can see a little flare. Off they go. Like tossing a couple of cigarettes out of a fast-moving car. That's an important thing. And that's an important thing. You do all the best. So we start off with the solid belief that moment because of course we've got a challenge. Just be careful. I'm 30 miles per hour. I'm 23 miles. 40 miles. Not bad. No way. Not bad. Okay, scam miles of runs is all clear not bad. But what does it have to do with fine and rookie Williams? Okay. You people see and then better get your ass together. Okay. You ice holes. 1041, 19 to 11 and 560 WCQM happy Tuesday too. We're just killing some time until those numbers end up on. Of course we'll leave that in Georgia's capable hands. All of this lecture one. Just one number. Yeah, I know the number to mention. About third man. Hey, if you're looking in the mirror one ringer at all that hair went. I can probably give you the answer on the floor down the sink down the tour. Just away somewhere. Went away. And it isn't coming back. Chuck Alpierre has been helping the famous and not so famous and even some anxious people over the years. Look there best. For over 30 years now. Third man has been doing it. He would never recognize his work because unlike those nasty straw and mousey looking musk red pieces Charlie's hair system, the natural hair line system looks like real hair that's real not your scalp. That's the difference. It is 100% un-betectable. And like I said Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You try it. Have nothing lose but they've shiny balls but they make sure it looks so much older. You try Charlie's system for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. After a month if you don't know what the way looks in feels if you're not getting laid 15, 20, 30 times a day. Make the call today and you can return it. What did I just say? We turned it for a full refund. Here's the total of your number 1-800-321-2413. And tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York Router Show and get to your summer special QM-200 dollar discount off their regular $800 price for the natural hair line system. The secret to a great hair system is make sure that nobody knows you're wearing one in Charlie's skin light care system is as natural as it gets. Call him today and get your hair back. 1-800-321-2413-1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web. Charles L. F. E. R. Dot Grant. When it comes to a 15, it means me and my dress will run by some of these units. I'm not sure if I should be too fast with you. Happy to hold that five six-hole. Double UQA. Well. Uh, okay, I mean, because we were good Labour. Hey, when you bring the important to be having a closer glitch in two are happy to play a heavenrğa&拿ngey to go and Mid-Esc then completely ready to spend his full anniversary. What's going on? Oh,!] oh, accurate camera guff they'd find that fast. High kicksδem peoplePlusnt Here are some great news for the British people, O'Cams, you'll be very relieved to hear this. Hundreds of thousands of Muslims have thought about leaving Britain after London, Bommers, according to a new Guardian, full. And the British people say, oh, we're so sorry. We'll pack you a falafel. And get out of here already. The figure illustrates how widespread fears are of an anti-Muslim backlash following the July 7 bombings which were created out by the British born suicide bombers. The pool also shows that tens of thousands of Muslims have suffered from an increased Islamophobia. With one in five state, what was that? What? Just had like a little power surge here. That was scary. What the hell was that? So no. Wait a minute. No. Now I guess you're leaving this copacetic. The pool also shows that with one in five state in the day or a family member of face abuse or hostility since the attacks, police have recorded more than 1200 suspected Islamophobia concerns across the country, ranging from verbal abuse, go back where you came from, schmoth ahead, to one murder in the past three weeks. The pool suggests that the headline figure is a large under estimate. In other words, there's like a lot to Islamophobia. I can't figure that out. Can you? No. I wonder what that's all about. And speaking of that, speaking of crazy people with rags on their heads, 14 Iraqis were killed yesterday in two separate suicide carbombs in the countries capital. And the first attack, proper Iraqis died in 16 wounded when a suicide. And things I want you to understand are going extraordinarily well over their okay rights. I mean the insurgency is just about in its death throws and that's what dictates us. How come he's not in jail? Lire, liar, that's all this man does is lie and lie and cover up in the, oh man. The bomber girl was vehicle into the checkpoint at the severe hotel around 6.50 in the morning yesterday. Let's see, there's some other stuff going on. Food to more dead American soldiers. On Sunday, a suicide truck bomb killed 25 wounded, 33 others near the hour shot police stationed in Baghdad. U.S. soldier was killed yesterday when a bomb was been in the nearest vehicle near Samara. It said it was so on. And just goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. I was a little bit ricky, what are you talking about? I don't want to say there are a lot of dumb people out there but you know what? There are a lot of dumb people running around on the loose forced sterilization. Those are the two words you need to keep in mind, okay? Force sterilization and we're starting way too late but it's never too late to start. The frog here. This is a life that had Washington DC, Northern Virginia. Well Washington DC has been a lot for me. Never, we haven't driven them many years ago. Yeah that's a pleasure. Haven't. Yeah. Even though C.O.L. You have great things there. Thank you. Monument. A capital building. The White House and the grants to them and Lincoln, all that stuff. So who's very interested? Joel Bryan. Cole Christen so far. Where's the worst place you've ever driven? 237 votes in big counties. When it hands down, you're paying the looys. 130. 130. Man 3.0. Boston 32. The York 23. I mean, honestly, then I haven't been in the York for a minute and a half. But I used to win a car when I go there and compared to what you might think, I'm not sure, crazy person that gets on a expressway during rush hour, which I could be anywhere. But I found grabbing a Nerf was not so bad. Then, Rower County, 20, which I think you're full of it. You're being bristle, sorry. What? I hope it's like more out of the way than it is. David, I don't have more than 20 votes. Maybe. Driving in Howard sucks. You guys just don't hang on the right places. Look, those judges, we're all the young people are hollywood. Right, right. Parti tell us. 16. Rome said, don't even think about doing a Tampa for. There's, I don't know what it is in Tampa, but look, I'm Dale Mabri. Every time it is a traffic light, the traffic is back, even in the middle of the afternoon for get about rush hour. Traffic is back at about three miles. I don't know what it is, because all the damn trains. Is that what it is? Yeah. No. Can't go for it. They're all going to do a mama's awareness. Must do what it is. Chicago is free. Los Vegas too. Washington DC London, Jamaica don't have any. But it is a good machine, man. Very good machine. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Neil and his Jamaican problem. I had a lot of problems, but I mean, not there anybody cares, but I have many problems. When I become, every day that I live, I become more and more big. It isn't that just the way to, they can't make a loss in it. You can't become big at it. Okay. I just don't like people like smell bad, then actually we'll be arrogant and I'm not just, and of course I'm not singling anybody up. That's the good part. And I don't care where their family tree is all about or who was hanging in it or whatever. I just feel like reasonable people like humans, you know. And if they think like they just came out of the subject tank, which there are many of those people and it seems like most of them hang out of wood by. Somebody QAM hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? I want to put it up. Chicago is at the top of this because I've been there last year and I worked there for a month in it. The places up big chaotic circle of roads and you know, you could be driving out one road and you end up on another road. Not even. You're going to be grateful what neighborhood you want to do. And I want to go out and try to put it in. I want to put it in believe you me. I want to put it up off the old cold second because it's a face of a self. Okay. Okay. Okay. Don't put it on their bundle. Tell me a QA and hello. Hey, Neil, I'm doing this. The ghost of Rev Weinstein, we'd be very upset about that. Yes sir. What are you going to do? Beautiful. Hey, just a quick question. There's any chance to get in the sound bite and tell these boys, you know, you have the chat and all that can do on the road. I'm sure we can work it out. We have this. I'll be good to chat and lose in the about it. It's a great thank you sir. Okay. Thanks, Tony. Have a great life. 567. 560. 560 in the hang out of second. I wish a little bit of it. I just want to make sure that the powers on that. I mean, this one was on that thing. Yes sir. Fine. So is this the time of the show? Of course you have those there all these time every time a bird flies over. Sure. I think I have a little bit of a problem. But then again, that's the way that goes. If a bird flies over, you'll be the we the end of. Well, there's little jobs on the end. We want to see him go away. Or Louis can't stay there. Go chase him and leave. I'll be there. He's going to get out of here. I'll go out of here. Get away from our face. You quizzing. You're fair. WKM. Hello. I'm back for a few. WKM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I would agree with you. Boston is pretty bad. I've been there four times. No actually rented a car. No. No. I've actually rode around in the case. But I think one said to hash it down the edge. Well, you answered him as an excellent choice because between the trains and the bicycles and the idiots and the one and the narrow streets which nobody knows which way this is supposed to go. Yeah. You don't know when the street ends. You don't know where you're going to be at. Travel on the street. Also, there's no place to park actually. It is pretty much a 24 hour traffic dump in the city of the whole time. And not only that, but they handle streets with those things pop up out of the street. Whatever they call them. All right. You want to talk about those. There's electronic things. And it will be made. It will pop up in all of a sudden like, oh, you can't go somewhere. Because not as many guys. No access. No access. No entrance. All right. The only thing is one is a lot of exit entrance, but it's a different story. In that place. 560, 50, 50, 50. I need Verizon single wireless mine. More Howard David warm up, sure. How many QAM? Hello. Yes sir. Worst place I've ever driven in the Baltimore, Washington Parkway. Okay. You could put your car in park and read the Hillies in the Odyssey before you try it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And one thing that really makes me laugh. I don't know if you can play it again. But is that Jimmy and Johnny little thing. You used to play a long time ago or reminds me of these people talking about Ricky. No problem, man. You got it. Thanks. Yeah. I wouldn't be able to play that. Do they say, uh, they don't say that. No. I'll make sure you want to say it when I think of those days. So we have Danny Danny and Jimmy now we got the teamwork and Ricky and Ricky and that brother. 10, 56, at 560 there's come out so proud with a big smile on his face. That's the find the car. Yeah, there we go. Kind of sound a little bit strange there. I'll scum out. Maybe some hanging out with that bitch. And then they said, so we that'll Brian over to London like, and then he'll you know, she's over there with a shy like Holmes who would scot on the yard. Who are you people kidding? Are you crazy? What? So we that'll Brian my ass. I'm a guy. That's the sense part of it. A Joel Brian died in that bitch. He's still running around on the loose like a real journal. I strike our way for a quarter like a bimbo like a simple den 10 57 at 560 W QM TV's got a new schedule yours on demand is a setting new feature that's been added to come past digital people and you can try today for only 29 90 90 for three months. Tom cast on demand puts TV on your terms. Now you can choose from a library shows with over 3000 hours of free movies. TV shows kid shows sports special interest programs from a variety of TV shows and a much for charge to a huge library of movies for what's used to paying for with a video store. Tom cast on demand will change the way you watch TV for whoever plus you can start them whenever you like whether it's 9 17 in the morning 11 23 at night whenever plus with hv on demand. You can have an entire library of programming of hv original series and movies. Write it to your fingertips all free with your subscription to hv. Oh, and don't forget about control too. With on demand you can start. Stop. Pause me while in the fast forward programs using that remote control. If you only have basic people of the satellite this you're missing out. So make the move to Tom cast digital tables today with the power of on demand. Call 9 5 4 Comcast or 3 0 5 Comcast. Then get yourself contact digital table and hv on a 29 99 on a month or three months. Service distance of five call for the sales in day 305 Tom cast in Howard 9 5 4 Comcast. What it comes is for you. What you're sure. This is the Neil Rogers show. What? What? What? What? What? What? Any questions? G29, G29, We atMA Mobile From Mer disclaimer hello. There are familiar. P security for traving your understanding. The moral of Dominion Danny Cooper. in the morning of Virginia and Danny after this word from Valley Alonza Houghton's wherever he a bottle comes with its own frigid A. And don't forget, and Ricky is a law of no three or five 60 WQM and training general Alberto Gonzalez had submitted he spoke with one house chief of staff Andrew Card immediately after learning that the justice of government began a criminal investigation of Alicobase II operatives identity. But Gonzalez, who was at the White House, who was the White House counsel at the time, waited 12 hours before officially notifying the west of the staff of the inquiry. Many details of investigation led by a special prosecutor, Patrick Fitzgerald, are unknown. Sources go to the case instead Fitzgerald is looking into possible conflicts between a president Bush's senior advisor Carl Roe and vice-presidential staff chief Louis Schoedor Libby told the grand jury, and the United House of reporters just spoke with the two men. Gonzalez said something on Fox News Sunday that he's among the group of top current and former Bush administration officials who testified in the grand jury about the unmasking of allure claim. A CIA operative, Gonzalez would be accused himself of the case when not discussed details of his testimony, but said he learned about claims work from a newspaper account. In the Sunday New York Times, Congress ranked Richard Porter that one Gonzalez was notified about the investigation that evening of Monday, September 29, 2003, he waited 12 hours before telling the White House staff about the inquiry. A official notification of staff has meant to quickly learn anyone who might have put a report in a report that had been reported in the report that he had been informed about the report. Gonzalez said that the Justice Department had informed his office about a PM and that White House lawyer said he could wait until the next morning before notifying the staff, he didn't say why he called Card. Specifically, when our lawyers go back to the Department of Justice Laws and ask him, you want to signify the staff now and immediately it will be okay to notify the staff early in the morning, and we were advised, go ahead and notify the staff early in the morning, that would be okay. He said most of the staff had left by the time they just department call and they didn't know what knew about the investigation. But he acknowledged telling one person that Chief of staff and immediately the next morning, I told the President, he said shortly thereafter there was no vacations and I'll tell members of the White House staff. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware, putting on the same program, question-wide Gonzalez, would not have notified the staff immediately by email and suggested for the serial should pursue where the Card may have given anyone in the White House advance notice to prepare for a criminal investigation. The real question now is who did the Chief of Staff speak to? Did the Chief of Staff pick up the phone and call Carl Roe? Did the Chief of Staff pick up a phone and call anybody else? Biden be asking? And the people are saying, I'm Ricky. That's what they have to say about that. Scotty and for a lot of me will say, add the Avega strip from Avega. That's what we're talking about. We're going to have Avega start on Avega. That's what we're talking about. This strip we don't need to put specifically like Roe. It's going to be like saying, how about on some rice boulevard between the university and Pine Island? The vagus strip from the MGM, the discharge of Ireland, could take you an hour and a week in sustaining for a lot of the last two weeks. But if you want to clarify that what you really should, all of the drugs doesn't get it. But if you want to clarify, don't drive on the strip. That's all. Grabbing the back roads there. Get a little bit of a map. Just put a block over. That's right. Get a little map and learn the ins and the house. See, you're going to go to Vegas. You don't really have to have a car even though some people will say again, rent a car. You don't have to have a car. No, you don't have to have a car but rent a car. That's right. That's right. I mean, you don't have to. You can get on the, they have that little whatever they could shuttle. Right. Caves, linoes, trillions. Now, feet. See, the problem with the canches, some of those canbodies still get on the strip. They'll take you out there because it keeps the meter running and it's going to cost you like about 150 bucks to go from the MGM grant. You have to wherever you want to go to the it's the seasers. Don't go to seasers by the way. I'll take go there to eat and shop. Do I go to the gamble? Let's shop. Go there. Check out the shops and seasers. And that back and out, we talked about where they had the fantastic feast. And what do I still, I don't know. Still, go. Yeah, it's like, do you know about it? I went there. When, when, when, on one of our trips, on one of our trips, on one of our, on one of the, 100 years ago, you talked about the Bob Lincoln troops. Oh, God. Ziva, last thing. How those were the days? Man, maybe he'll call in more of these days, but let's hope not. I'm sure he will. Accursed and active as Jane Fonda, and Lloyd Jane says she intends to take the cross country bus to her to call for an end to US military operations in Iraq. You go, Jane. I can't go in any detail. I said, to say it's going to be pretty exciting, she said. And way you've heard about what they're going to be using the fuel, the tour, the fuel will bus. The vegetable oil. How did you hear that? I just took it again. You can get out of here. Seriously. Fonda said her anti-war tour in March will use a bus that runs on vegetable oil. In fact, it'll taste well. We're taking the Gilbert and the Prozac Rahn that they're going to grind them up. I'm going to go to the track today. She'll be joined by families of Iraq War veterans and her daughter. They plan to return to the Santa Fe area where she was promoting her book My Life So Far over the weekend. Founted by a question from the audience, Fonda said, War veterans, she has met on nation by book tour of Encouraged through the brickery silence on Iraq War. I've decided I'm coming out she said, oh God, what a thought. Hundreds of people in the audience cheered loudly when Fonda announced her intentions to join the anti-aircraft war movement. I haven't taken a state on any of the worst things Vietnam she said. I hear a lot of baggage from that. She got it. I don't know what to say. Yeah, what an understanding of that is. Speaking of what's in your baggage, well, too bad you can't see the picture of this. We could probably put it on our website, but that would be grossized. Hold it up to the mic. A stulpid and polished palace found an adjournment cave is among the earliest representations of male sexuality ever uncovered research you say. The 20 centimeter long 3 centimeter wide stone object which is dated to be about 28,000 years old. Oh God, I've never seen one at all. I was very familiar famous and you lived here. It was very than the famous whole fell on me back to think about it. All fells came here all in these swabby and jura, whatever I have no idea what any of those words are. The pre-historic tool was reassembled from 14 fragments of silk stone and it's got the word tool in like quotation marks. It will just be bad as it is. Its life size suggests it may well have been used as a sex aid by its Ice Age Maker Sciences report. It is to be in symbolic representation of males in a tale. It was also a times use for napping flints explained for freshenicless conrad from the Department of Early Prehistory and fortunately something if ecology is tubing in the university or tubing in they know their optimuses there. That's why they call it tubing in. There are some areas where it has some very typical scars from that. He told the BBC was website from napping flints of course. If you get him hot enough they say wait. Researchably the obvious distinctive form and estrings around one end mean there can be little about us with symbolic nature. It's highly polished. It's clearly recognizable for Professor Koonar. Did I call him Conrad? Well whatever is thinking name is. The tubing in team working hole fills already had 13 fractured parts of the palace in storage but it was only with the discovery of the 14 fragments last year that team was finally able to put the gym solve puzzle together. Perfect. Different stone sessions were all recovered from a well-dated ash layer in the kit complex associated with the activities of modern humans. Not their prehistoric cousins in the end are false. The date says one of the most remarkable in Central Europe, full fells and more than 500 meters above sea level than the art of River Valley and is produced thousands of upper-paying illicit items. Some have been truly exquisite in their sophistication and tail such as a 30,000 year old avian figurine crafted from mammoth ivory. It's believed to be one of the world's representations of a bird in the archaeological space and whatever we're just thinking about dropping the soap. Let me just say this here. Zest is not a body watch. Have you seen that? No, I have. Now anybody out there that complains that Zest isn't manly enough for you. I mean, you get serious. Zest body watch. Yeah, with a little bit of that. Josh, you've been around. I'm getting some of the champion. No, I'm good. You don't like Zest? Is that right over there? I don't use it. Well why not? Do you ever use this soap? I like it. It's probably. I have. Yeah, it's fine. It's nice. It's nice. It's a nice manly soap, man. But like I like two different or our fragrances now, of Zest body watch. Shmirit. Anybody there? Other still not just known to science. They're obviously fallow symbols and slightly older from France and Morocco. But that any representation of males in the city from this time period is highly unusual. Female representations with honey-accated sexual attributes are very well documented at many sites. Representations are very, very rare. It's plain Professor Konar. And it shows a figure here, a female form, a 30,000 year old Venus Abylendorf, was very, very saggy boobies. I mean, this is really, oh God. Yeah. Probably to scale. She has a body like, what was her name? Like, on good times. What's up with her name? A good times? Yeah. Like, it's the worst role. It's the line factor of big jelly role. And then, it made sure that every incident in the case of the Swabby in Jerusalem, Southwest Germany was one of the central regions of cultural innovation, after the arrival of modern humans in Europe some 40,000 years ago. Oh, what's there for the Bible crowd? Huh? The Jesus Christ, 40,000 years ago, and the Jews. You devil worshipers, you crazy people. The whole Phil's palace, I'll go on show at Blubber and priestoke museum. And I said, I should be called Ice Art Curly Mabel. Oh, I said, they found it very near famous cave. Because I said, that's what the article said. Yeah, I just made it. Who was it was? Well, maybe they're going to well find out. Maybe belong to somebody at 2 am. Probably, it's after 11 at 5, 60, WQ am. Maybe belong to Mal, a lot of people are called him a big. Or do do do do do do. Name in the business. Do you get a good nice sleep last night? Were you tossing in turning all night like poor Bobby Lewis? That small cramped bed, maybe your old mattress is worn out lumpy, but it's just had it. Time to step up to a new queen or king sized bed from our good friends at Dalam Actress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king sized beds. Ready for same date of the break. And you choose the date and time and a 2-R-1-07 days liquid is convenient for you like say Monday between 8 and 10 in the morning or noon and 2. And you can do it between 8 in the morning and 10 in the night any day to week 7 days. Dalam Actress carries the complete line of all the top names in the mattress business. You like it? They got it. It's sort of silly. Simmons King Quill. Stearns in foster a human. They're everyday low prices in the stock make your shopping a breeze. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll sleep at the nice bed bed and consume who listens to your needs. We'll suggest this style of cover low-less perfect for you. And the reason you need people know bedding so well is because that's all they sell. Just about all the QM crowds, sleep like a baby on the Dalam Actress. Red knew what to be doing the same. And if you'd like to start real soon, just make that one easy call. 1-800 mattress around the web at smatress.com. Dalam Actress 1-800-MATTRES re-valkalastas because it stands for saving. That's what it comes to sport. It's your job who had a night bed. She called out the mother who used to act for it. And that was the daughter who made your life. Oh, father! That's all he's got. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. She's got a lot of stuff. Somebody are doing. Please go ahead, Samantha. I'm just so happy. I need to go on this. I need to go on this. I need to go back. Please. Please. I've got a ton of love. All over the. I've got a couple. Hey. You. You. I have you done. Was it worth it? I've got a ton of love. It's over. Everybody knows what she did. You got a call red and head. But you're okay. I'm an 18 and five, 16, WQAM. Happy to be here. Who are you? Who was your favorite? O'Brien. Skylarls of Ryan. So in that of Ryan. Joel of Ryan. The MCA. This is Jackie. He just died. Joel of Ryan. The harness racing driver. Edmigo of Ryan. Or Patel of Ryan. Huh? Can you imagine all the famous. Brian's. We could start to list them. I was pasty. Irishman. 314 votes. Where's the worst place you've ever driven? They counted more. Nobody can touch it. And who the hell would want to? In a language. 107 in day. Boston 39. You're 29. Brower 24. LA 22. Rome 9. See. I just figured out why a day this so far. I had a Brower. Yeah. I know this because anybody in South Florida who drives. I mean, in both days in Brower days. Exactly. So naturally they have to choose one. The other is no reason. I see. I get enough. Rome 9. Don't even think about it. London 5. In fact, just crossing those street in role is taking your life in your hands. Move real fast. That's my suggestion too. And Milan. Whole man. One thing about Milan. If you're crossing a street, they don't care. I mean, a lot of play like you like here. You know, even crossing street. And you can be racer. And that if there's a car coming a little bit. And they're going to slow down. They're going to slow up in a void in the night. In Milan. They're going to accelerate a little bit just to make sure they can hit you. London 5. Tampa 5. Chicago 5. Washington DC 4. Jamaica 2. Even if you have a good machine, man. Be very careful. Vegas and period. And then don't have any. Which means they probably most of our audience. I know a lot of you have been to Amsterdam. But you just haven't driven there. Good idea. You can write a bicycle real cheap. Don't think I've always wondered about. Let's see. I drive hasn't been an Amsterdam. Your friend was. Did you say I've had budget friends? No, him. Well, maybe you've seen pictures. And even maybe you're just seeing some pictures. And they show you all those bicycles, you know, part of those. Right. The thing I always wonder is, I mean, like by the buying core, which is the big department store on the, by the name square, that damn square. There's a place where they got like eating my own bicycles part there. And when I was wondering, since they all look almost exactly the same, how do you know which one is yours when you come back? Well, you know you're in bike. You do? Yeah, if you're just walking by looking at a whole bunch of bikes. You're not going to need it for a whole load of anything. It's kind of like living in suburban Buffalo. You know, we're all houses look the same. And if you're a little bit tipsy, you had a couple of belts after working you come in. I guarantee you're going to drive it around driveway. And maybe you're lucky who knows. But I always wonder that about all of them bikes. Yeah, you know. And of course, there were stolen bikes in Amsterdam. And well, give us a description of your bike. Well, it looks like like all of these here, you know. I don't get it. And then of course, there's the train. Let me just make this a gift into you. Try to sit down before they hit the accelerator. I thought I'm just ran. Remember, I totally destroyed this. It was right. Right about the time when I broke my hand when I had that bad fall. And it went like this, right there. And I'm on the train. And then just to, uh, was one of my early experiences in WAM was flying into the, uh, pull on the pole. And they got those poles hanging under. Right. And then, uh, this one I got myself settled by. He, whacked. And he was sliding down the thing again. And I went, sign on the other side of my wrist. So if you like good the ribs, that's a good place where don't eat the food and answer any of these by the way. You, all you two, reached us out there. We still got all of August to go a little bit of July. Doug Thompson, your favorite column is to write the rant and capital Hill below. He's got another really, really good one here. And I thought I want to read a lot of stuff because that would be very bad when we be on today's week and sitting here reading bedtime stories. But most of you won't read on our website anyway because you're too damn lazy. And we don't have any naked pictures on there for you anymore. But you know what, too, stick in bad. I think about that a lot. At least 20, 30 seconds a day. So is this frost my faddle ass. But I mean, first of all, I'm in history. How stupid I am. I'm an idiot. People don't give a crap what's going on in the world. And care about anything. All I want to do is look at nude pictures. That's all. There you go. John, get a light already. I have no light. Bush is not a American right, Doug Thompson. He says some of the diehard rabbit right, winger's who still supports George W. Bush's Immoral and Legal Actions. Try recently to overload my email system by flooding it with bitches and moans over recent columns about their poster boy for destruction of the Constitution. Their grand plan didn't work. My anti-span filter caught most of them because it quite properly considers GOP generated mail spam as it does for democratic generated mail. The handful of messages that got through quite about the language I used to describe their president. Your crude obscene language disclosure credibility said one line I just shut up and go away. Better wonder who writes these misses for Bush I since mostly right wing warrants who clutter up bulletin boards like free republic can't swing together a simple deterrent of sentence probably computer generated. They're not the only ones who get upset in my line, we're going to come to describing the peep fist called abortion administration how my mother confains in she's no fan of Bush. Too damn bad I don't care if you're really give a flying F who gets fan out of shape. That's their problem. With Bush in his game of goons at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue so a health vent and destroy the Constitution in America I don't have time to be polite. Bush is a heartless bastard who doesn't play by the rules so why should those of us who still love this country too much to see the story by this madman. This is no longer an issue of differing political opinions or philosophies this is war a fight for survival of a one-squared nation called America and war calls for street rules in other words no rules. Bush in my opinion is criminally insane a tough-popping dried drunk who is erratic behavior in reckless actions threatened world peace and the future of this nation far more than any Islam-spotting religious dynamic. He's an enemy of the state a moodswing desperate who's who threatens the very freedoms that form the foundation of this country. He's created a police state where basic American freedoms have vanished under politically exaggerated to our national security. Mostly human tragedy of 911 for his personal agenda and ripped the Constitution to shreds through the USA Patriot Act a rights robbing pre-seal legislation put together by the former Attorney General the Bible something John Aschrop and an former senator who couldn't even when unless he's against a dead man. George W. Bush is also not an American he and his daddy sold their souls in a long-goed asselty oil interest especially to have been ladden family. As the same bedlabs his role that if master might have 911 attacks. The bedlabs laundering money through W's old Texas air guard buddy James Vath the North American representative for the bedlabs family bank veiled out Bush on his first failed business adventures and then bankrolled his first run for Texas governor. According to Craig Onderroctor of House of Bush House of South the Bush family has over the years received some $480 million from the Saudi business interest including the bedlabs family. Bush is a politician and politicians are by road for sale by the highest bidder so you tell us there's anyone up with the Saudis and the bedlabs for Bush's loyalty. Having a president on the payroll of the family of the man who killed 3,000 bus Americans on 911 raises a very real concern that Bush is illegal and more than just politics is usual. It may explain that the citizens will all but abandoned the search for bedlabs canister and move American military resources to the ill-consuming invasion of Iraq. It's a request any year to capture Saddam Hussein you have been laddened over the largely 4 years after 911 attacks. All of us suggest to me that the president of the United States owes a lot more to Saudi money boys than the country's foreign to serve. It tells me the president of the US is a traitor. Traitor should not be president. They should be arrested, tried, and upon conviction punished for their crimes against their country. And as far as unconcern anyone who continues to support this traitor to America's equally guilty of treason. Don't like these characterizations. Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn if it pisses you off because I do give a damn out my country. It's just an ending bad that you know. How's that that funny guy's hands? It's nice and pretty good stuff, you go Doug. Yeah, you go boy. 27 after 11 at 5, 60, WQ and 3 years have been carried out by 3rd concepts, the best carpet cleaning company in the university have used them for over 20 long excruciating years in a variety of homes. But if you know the drug concepts can also save you hundred's even thousands of dollars in other areas by doing other things for you. 3rd concepts also specialise in drake reclining your pulse where another closer and further furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, or you have a rug cleaning and repair pet order treatments and water damage. Broadconcif can also clean and restore your talent, ground quickly and efficiently, too. Broadconcif's pro-fagional staff is always improving the serve you, their customers with the most advanced cleaning systems ever invented. And during this month during the month of July, its drive concept, some are sizzler sail, taking advantage of great savings and all the drive concept services from carpet cleaning to talent-ground clean. It's the only place to call drive concepts. The daybrow in the Palm Beach is called toll-free, 1-800-248-5-071. Don't forget no repost, no scams, no gains, they can be guaranteed written price upfront people who they start to job. And number again, toll-free, 1-800-248-5-071, the wicked way of this drive concept, stop-com. It's a very good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to get a good way to make a good way to get a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way to make a good way. for this is not the song Love a 304 to voice of the Panthers baby don't mess with the valley my story and I've watched you upload a Panthers any interest Anyway, who's there? You're really this should you be an idea of what's going on now? For years I've said why can't we have like one state just one? Like What would be good state stop there later no Kansas South Carolina you are you doing your safety stuff again because the story about South Carolina I heard the story already. Oh I can't we have one state where everybody who like New York would be good Yeah, it's big yeah room pro like many many millions of us and that we can go there And just to live our lives and we go everybody alone and let people believe whatever fairy tales they want and that's it Keep your crap keep your religious bullcraft yourself Frank and Tammy Jnowski the Pennsylvania pilgrims have landed Greenville South Carolina With their four children they've settled into a little subdivision in the country the first transplice of a movement There wants to bring leases of conservative Christians here to turn South Carolina's government into a Biblical and spirit oasis They're even gonna bring in rust oasis honey like that who the problem put on some bad radio stations? In the South Carolina that their dreams abortion will be illegal the 10 commandments would be probably displayed Public schools would be a thing of the past taxes would be severely limited and property rights would be paramount And if the federal government tried to win it for a while they succeed So far the Christian Exodus movement hasn't been a mighty magnet for change only four other families They're followed to genoscis lead a far cry from the thousands of Christians Head of the groups website even the founder of the group is still in this California home promising to move in 2006 or seven or eight or nine or what it gets around with Their idea however is as old as America I haven't for like minded people with a government one according to their particular religious beliefs Pennsylvania Massachusetts Rhode Island and Utah all got their start as religious sanctuaries And it touches a leafsy tension within Christianity how much to withdraw from a contaminating influences of the outside world and how much to Engage the world and try to transform it Historically even health Christianity is an a vacillating relationship with the cultures of James L. Dooth A professor of local science at Furman University who studied the influence of religion on politics For much of the 19th century evangelical Protestants were the culture a lot of that changed for while in the 20th century They tried to wall them themselves off from the culture that shift from engagement to withdraw Notice the great reversal give a hit the great reversal Look we did now Forms of fundamentalist branch of evangelicals intent and protecting themselves from such worldly influences is the theory of evolution and the selections of Hollywood Conservative Christians often said they biblical injunction Therefore come out from them and be separate from them and says the Lord and touch nothing on clean then I will welcome you don't touch it is Unclean that for at least clean off first That stands began to change by my century is more moderate evangelicals broke from the fundamentalist and in the 1980s The emergency such groups is the Christian coalition in the moral majority But make conservative Christians back in the political freight invoking Jesus German on the Mount you are the son of the year If you are the light of the world let your light shine before they're so that they may see your good works and give glory to your father and heaven for your father for your father That reversal the great reversal Some scholars call it is now a full swing Politically active conservative Christians were crucial the Bush's election victory in 2000 and 2004 and their vocal support is his pink card nominee John G. Roberts Jr To cry brunette of founder of Christian Exodus that political activity isn't enough He wants something more radical a kind of Christian free state Well, could we have like a Christian free zone? Oh, a religion free zone. I'm I'm Jones and forever religious free zone We believe that Christ admonition to go and make disciples of all nations does not exclude any facets of life We're now said telephone from his valley sprints California home. We're asking people to move and do something new Our intent is to put in an office who will do what else in Alabama Supreme Court teacher's is wearing more did Define the federal government dang it The group school is they have 2500 members in two upstate counties by September 2006. They've been South Carolina and as many as 12,000 by 2008 That pronounced it would be enough for like local candidates and snowball into a statewide force Soon enough right thinking officials will be in as far white thinking officials will be elected to force a confrontation with the feds Just like in California, they pop crowd out there look how a successful a event. That's right Your performance a federal conflict brnaille said people ought to stand up there to flirt with the rest Brnaille 29 used to be original director in Texas for the league of the south A secessionist organization Robert Hayes director to league in South Carolina said his group is working with Christian exodus on the common goal of self government The last time South Carolina succeeded from union was December 20th 1860 Lighting the fuse that touched up the civil war this time on a figure succession if necessary could be peaceful It makes the state couldn't fight the US military well that's why an admission on his part I don't think it'll come to bloodshed he said I think will come to compromise Many South Carolians including conservatives are skeptical about the new group It doesn't seem to be the kind of thing that would have much impact said volunteer or greenville county Councilman who also has as a dean at Bob Jones University the fundamentalist Christian college here Active in Republican politics Taylor said that even the conservative religious writers not where they want to go and State or said the notion of secession that didn't turn out so well last time did it Brett Nelson a Christian who's political science professor at firm in university said what kind of balance do they expect a Spective tip the balances already strongly were Republican and from the religious right This is a conservative part of the state and they conservative part of the company Nelson said many of the elected officials are seeing as Christian men Who bring Christian values to the decision making? I don't think Christian exodus is going to make a big dent here They'd been asked these however state have only gotten the support of reactions from their new neighbors At least to my face no one has said anything negative said Franks and asky 38 and I have a whole self-employed computer engineer I haven't met anyone who said y'all need to go home y'all need to go home now here Yeah, the genus he's moved here in February for Moore'sville in Burst County They have lived in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania for 11 years Tending group in nearby late and before moving to Moore'sville two years ago They learned about Christian exodus from a church friend Teravit churches down and the trolls all that crap in the mosques Here I'm down right So I'm saying right now. I'm telling dad to it just worship at home, okay going to a little closet somewhere Pick all that money and feed disturbing people instead of like praying for them The Santa fine with Republican politicians Franks you're not she said the Christian exodus philosophy resonated with him The Republicans control government. Yeah, things are getting worse when I found Christian exodus I thought here's a bunch of Christians like me Yeah, that's right Frank Just like you We want to take an area that's conservative to begin with with and bring in more consumers and have an influence What we turn to a country waiting protect a life of the unborn to find marriages a man and a woman and protect family values You you're fair Joe Elster 41 brought his wife and three children here last month from Omaha after you hang about Christian exodus I'm consider radio talkers Sean and these program. Oh my god More in philosophy and weird in Buffalo Rectome health care saw the chance to be closer to family in Virginia, North Carolina while advancing his political beliefs I've been a Republican ever since I was able to vote but I voted for the Constitution party in 2004 Elster said I want to be skin to Kevin Elster never come in Elster Josh hope mess No Sitting in his new home in inman the Republican party you don't remember Kevin Elster sure stop for the match you idiot The Republican party is vandaly from those who got from elected the judiciary's outer control It's time somebody is something and that's what Christian exodus is doing About doing something We're now the Christian exodus found where now said hopefully we further along by now, but if it takes two years or 20 years We're making progress and as we have successes I'm sure more people will join us hop aboard Right hot dogs more or this Chris more would say remember Chris more I can't believe you know who Kevin Elster. I can't believe you know who Kevin Elster was Very short stop for the match he was hot out there in left it's 18 till noon at five 16 WC away and hey raising fans Compatible park racing and poker is gearing up for its final two weeks of live harness race in poker Before they take a short three-way break in mid August Every Wednesday is dollar night with draft beer soda half dogs in other food. I'm just a book of peace plus the sunshine Stakes series for Florida bread counters and paces even Joel Brian would be proud And of course they're a great poker termist every afternoon and evening in the poker room with three drawings to win 50-hour betting vouchers Every live racing day in the poker room between four and seven p.m. this Saturday Topical park will feature some of casting from the metal lands with their one point two million dollar Hamiltonian trap preliminary races and one point two million dollar classic series finals with special five p.m. post time That's this Saturday It pays to come and play a competent park racing in poker this half mouth of both i-95 and the turn-plight Competitor work is easy to get to and best of all they give you free admission and free general parking every single day Live harness racing in the poker room are all free wins day Friday and Saturday poker room is open from noon till midnight live racing gets underway at 7.25 at a p.m Topical park a black south of Atlantic a bullbard on power line road for the curracing schedule go online at Topical park dot com or call them at nine five four nine seven two two thousand Where are the back wordzony And the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that how the fact that the fact can be given the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that any fact and the fact that it that it does not You can't move lovers to the program of the two people. They want to see Charlie Bigger, but Charlie Bigger, but back to the world. Don't end violence on our backs. Charlie, death of the Slime. TMI, strike. It's not going to still learn if I'm 60 WQAAM. Can't blame John. Can't say John, if that was one of those guys who took advantage of his pretty face. No, he could have. What's happened over here? Something in the window, and then Cindy had a room. I could go in and look. You haven't seen me at him. He's up to the window. Whatever the hell that's called. We're windowed. No, not we're window. You seen we're window. Sure. Josh hasn't seen we're window. What are you going to go on George and get it for him today? All right. He's got some cash left to do. He's got to see you. I got a long way to go. Haven't seen 19. Any four? Right. He's got it on. What else? I got to watch a bunch of stuff George. He came to me? Yeah. Well, that's down on the list. Why is that? Because we don't have it yet. Oh, I got it. You're not getting it. Lionel. Well, I mean, how many movies can I send on here for credit? I was right. I was right. What was that? Huh? They got movie stores. We got ways. We have to do it. Lionel Chase violation of probation hearing has been delayed. And so at least October 17th after he was given a court of footed attorney to defend him on charges that he robbed a pizza delivery man. Maybe the pizza delivery man looks like a terrorist. They failed. So they'll shoot first ask questions later. We're flying over to just later, October 1. Assistant Public Defender H. Don Williams was appointed representative 18. T. Spilis for probation hearing was changed from August 8th to October 17th. So Williams will have time to prepare. That was that H. Don Williams are Ricky Williams. Taylor or Maine and proud County jail away in the hearing. Ricky Williams come on. You're a take. Let's hear about Ricky Williams. Not. Take the speed on probation. I mean, let's face it. Okay. So the guy likes to smoke a big fat. Wouldn't let's roll with that all right. And if I would as drug crab here, they got all these guys, all these athletes that have been doing all these steroids for years and all of the professionals for it. And even in Olympic and amateur sports. They've been taking all these performance enhancing illegal drugs for a long time. And all would be smoke a big joy while hoop here. Okay. Grow up already. When you please. How does that enhance your performance by smoking a fat one? Are you going to skinny one? You can tell me Mr. Rex worth it. It does. It does not. No. There's nothing to do with it. And then there's something to do with it. Anything else. I said, we're just being a bunch of hit for Chris. Yeah. Yes. You know that we've written there. Those athletes. Anyway, Taylor's returning to jail in May after the feature of our returges, which are his second and most serious personal lawsuits is released. In September, police caught Taylor outside with a knife at two o'clock in the morning. When he was supposed to be in house arrest, well, maybe he was flailing a fish. Maybe he was flailing some anchovies to put on a pizza. What do you know? That's right. If Taylor's convicted of violating his probation, it could be returned to prison for lengthy term, which might not be a really bad idea. Jim Lewis takes long time and turning with Europe in the case recently saying he painful divorce is left in unable to divorce a fishing time to defend his case. I think like that. It's not where we know that. I got a good idea. Now a whole bunch of good stuff here, but man, this one is forever. This would be the longest article I ever went on. I'm not going to do it. So on our website, John Charcman, Hitler's shadow in the coming storm. I want to take a look at it. Probably you won't. Maybe you have somebody read it to you. And then maybe a good idea? Yeah, I could charge for that service. Maybe Josh and his spare time in between doing the morning games to get laid. In between, I think, I'd like to have a, let me read the article to you over the phone service. How would that be? No problem. Like for a 10 sense of word. Yeah. Well, this is for a lot of sure in our article. It's not because most of you people sure as I work on it make the effort. There's no question about that because there's no naked pictures. There's no girly pictures. There's no chance to end the boobies and no, no, no, no. Don't play us, okay. Play in your fascist government. Blame your president and your representatives and your Spindless budget, fully hypocritical, full-end Remember, as a Congress, blame all of them. Because they always have to give you the goodly two shoes approach. Well, I've discussed it and I say, tomorrow, I'll write. These are guys men who are getting laid more and more week than most people doing a lifetime and anything that moves. And why? Because they can. Bubba, he wasn't even doing that. He was just a little, you know, action under the table there. And, oh, we got to address what a stand on it. Oh, my God. And the rest of the world was like, look at that. Are you people insane or what? Were you people ever grow up? No. Grow up already, America. And of course, our response was, I have no right. Right. We want it. We like it, but we just were afraid of it. Man, it must have come from those stars. You've braced. Don't you think all that tourcannacle crack? Well, they came over here. Remember the piercings were too tainted. The brids were too tainted for the piercings. That's why we had it. Right. And we didn't think that. Yeah. Oh, speak out of that. He'd just pitch right in, so to speak. What a great segue. Golden, Colorado. Not a pervert out there, man. A woman who told police she wanted to be a cool mom. She'd go to the sexual assault charges Monday for having sex with high school boys. At parties where a therese, she supplied drugs and booze. Oh, right. So the agonist in 40, she'd go to the two-list meter council. Social assault and nine felony council. Contributed the vacancy of a minor. These are high school kids. What's wrong with the little aboos in the sex and a? It's just a little bit. It's okay. Little weed, little wacky weed. As partly up to agreement, prosecutors dropped two council, distributed odd, distributed, distributed a month-end fed of me. Oh, how unusual. That is. It was struck herself as a cool mom, detective, RJ Vanderveen wrote in the F.A. David. He said, Johnson told investigators she was never popular with fastmates in high school and now began feeling like, what did that group? It was kind of like a group group. She liked it. And I guess they did too, I would think. Prosecuted did not recommend the sentence, but each sexual assault count carries up to two years in prison. And each kind of concluded to the vacancy of a minor carries up to six years. The age spokeswoman Pam Russell said, Johnson was free on bail-held parties for boys almost weekly between October 2003 and October 2004, if I were to reset, she was accused of providing drugs and booze to eight boys and having sex with five of them, the other three were probably too ugly. Or maybe they were a fay. Police said the investigation began after one of the boys told his mother about the encounters and reported it to the authority and he said, not a good idea to raise their snitches in there. Some little snitch to out the bitch. That's bad. Sit back to see her dinner homework better. She should have found out who would be out there. I guess what will be I saw again a bit of a day. I couldn't turn it off. I can't think of the name of it again. Though, we talked from Dawson's Creek that I can't stand, but it was very good in the movie. I don't know anything. Yes, you do when the movie where they're all having new orgies and he's like his eyes are popping out of his head. You know exactly what I'm talking about. One of the best movies of all time. Am I going to have to go on the other room and look up and look at the little more than that? The punk from Dawson's Creek, you know what I did, that goofball looking guy, James Vanderpeak. James Vanderbend, what's the name of the movie? He didn't want to. He was talking about a little bit of a trash in the morning. James has gone on some books and he will see now where I'm going to go. You're supposed to be the one with Jessica Beale and what I would have guessed it. I like Victor myself, whatever the actor's name was, Victor. Remember Victor and I had great little synopsis we had in his trip. I'd say I want to have him to Europe many times when I ever had quite the trip that he did. Victor and Victor when I was a taste and trio was singing hang down your head time, Julie Victor must have been listening. Because he let it all hang out and I wouldn't see him in a charlassina. Victor, what's that? But anyway, that's a great movie. Not good, great. And of course, you're always complaining about the ending of some movies. Yeah, that was, that was a great idea. And the way it ends is like, huh? I think that was perfect for that movie, yes it was. And there was poor quality. And then of course, they'd been away with his camera roll there and the other mother, the other mother. It was a fantastic course. It's perverted in this costume. It's just a cool thing. You'd be touting on your show, Neil. All those good Christians in our, and if our business is used out there, we don't improve as much, Bill, and even the omniscient pretty peo about it. All of them might enjoy it. How, I mean, how would the omnis know if they enjoy anything? I must say try it, right? They would have those stupid little hands that have been. See, on you people out there, they're living in a stall. They're living in a stall, age, okay, the orthodox dudes, the herced and the omniscient, fundamentalist Muslims, audio other people, they don't want to come even like it in the 18th century already. I think the South Carolina is a good idea. Sure. All like minded people, people who believe that crap, and one living in a stall, and age, you've got to smother's over there facing under his fine, go to South Carolina. I would have preferred go with Dakota for them, but South Carolina would be fine. It's a perfect place. So they're going to compromise all the way out of the way. I know you're in who, you know. What where is the worst place you've ever driven? They've counted 190, Boston 45, New York 32. Brower, Brower's got, Bop, dirty man. LA 25, Rome 10, Tampa 7, Washington DC, 6 Chicago 6, London 5, Jamaica 5, Monday, Mysterion, Amsterdam has so many funerals. They come to sport. We've got sport. Super speedy. So what's going to be? We've got sport. This is goge dance. You're a nice, hell-like Bob Holpa, NASA. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or the hour or whatever. Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography pro past story. They revolutionize rap music with politically charged tunes that scare the living crap out of white business men. They, we're public enemy. People get scared, and will attract many self-tape people. By the time they're sung, the company being sent here is so much more. By the time they're sung, the company being sent here in Spike Leefield due to right thing. Cockpages were shaking in their boots. He's got what an archive, so one made a design by the white pack who would support our fear mind-waring theory. And make you think it's representative of the classic in America. And here it is. Oh my god of me, once all dead! The truth is, he inflates the blade, called for no less than a revolution. Only years later, can we see how the critique of the system really changes this kind of squel. Only the bitter lessons learned by a trench poverty, and unspoken classes them, and subconscious fear of African power could culminate in slavery appearing on the surreal life. Oh, dear god, I've been sinned not to do that. I'm beginning to be manned here. So I can do all. Frigic, nails and fat freakish thyroid days, and slaves still wear them. Let's stop it, walk around as they're exposing me up right. Just be honest with you. I have this to say. Hey, we tried. I have a look at me. Truth that in a free United States, you can say anything that's on your mind. Just manned, we have short attention spans. It's a big juicy, shopping with looking at service. That's the night. On inside the barn. Prof. Shriya 56, you've got to be QM all the hype all the time. We've got more Howard David, I did it coming along with two Jim Maddy's, some add all the four in it. And in a six story, as Marlon's on deck, any ifres are, should be a huge crown out there. What is it about? 110 degrees in the shade. Yeah. Tyrant's at the Marlon's play, parts are always an attractive draw. No. And any can for the baseball game, Marlon's are hot, though they're starting to make a little bit of a turn around, and they sweep the giants this weekend, I believe. No, they took two or three. Like I said, they took two out of three, but in the giants said that it lost 86 to first game or something in the game. Somewhere there. Some like that. Oh, Mr. Marlon is not the same thing. That first thing was rules of attraction. And now it's all the way to come up with James Bander geek. Or, now, I can't stomach him. He just gives me his skill piece, but he's so perfect in that movie. I mean, he plays that role as his executive way needs to be played. And the role too. And then in the end, oops, yeah, I don't know if I'm really ending. Contrary singer, Mindy McCredi, anybody know Mindy McCredi? Any country music people out there? Give her her, huh? Good. Josh? Yeah. Oh, we've got a crank up chest. And here's some Mindy McCredi music, huh? A lot of country singer, Mindy McCredi. And of course, they've not like a little redundant. Troubled country music singer. All seem to have a lot of problems. Of course, they've been in bread part. That is a problem in the beginning. You know, they're in bread part. Give her. Whole country Western sing leads me really. Lymphs. The people who sing it, the people who listen to it. Trouble country singer, Mindy McCredi's been hospitalized in Florida. After an overdose, uh, according to authorities. The Queen of 28 was found unconscious, right in a hotel army. According to authorities in Phenalis County, and incident report to Nullis to nature of the overdose. It might have been just like, you know, Thailand or something. When you think, I'm sure. Last week, McCredi was charged in a result of with identity theft and other counts. Within the past two years, she's also faced allegations of driving out of the influence and a drug violation. She's got some problems. Old Mindy never heard of her. I'm sure she'll be black and son as about it. Dennis Tomlin, who might be related to, um, uh, what's the Terry Tomlin? Said earlier, Monday that McCredi had gone to Florida to visit her mother once she found out about the potential charges in Arizona. The stress got her, she ended up in the hospital. She said, he said that he said that she was an intensive care. She tells concerning the charges for our last weekend. Well, how big County Arizona would not immediately be able to also go. In other words, not that there's a cover up you understand, but, you know what? There's a cover up. We saw that identity theft charges against recruiting, including attempted fraudulent schemes and Artifices, unlawful imprisonment and hindering prosecutions. Tomlin said, nice to meet that the singer was something Arizona 30's apprehended Con artist who would build to another celebrities out of large sums of money. I wonder if he knew, uh, what's his name? My former agent, Saul Foods. Oh yeah. He didn't elaborate on it. He tells him to find the stress to Monday night. In Main Recreedy with Charging Tennessee, we're driving out of the influence. Why am I reading all this? Nobody has any idea who this face is. I feel she is there. I couldn't care less. If she's got somebody to do with Country Music, then count me out. Remember Jerry Lewis and Jerry Lewis, whatever his name was Jerry Lewis, and count me in, count me out. Okay, let's maybe we ought to have some more names on this pool. There's one other thing we ought to have on the pool. Never drove outside of South Florida. Yeah, probably. Huh? There you go. Never drove outside of South Florida. I've been to a lot of people. By the way, there are people that never drove. I know that's hard to do. You never? A few, like people who used to run the York maybe. Okay, we can put that on there too. Never drove and never drove outside of South Florida. There you go. Because we got a shot, a get in 500 votes on there. We're doing a shot. We got 387, a remote shot. All this face is they don't want to just pull it on. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound five 60, and they Verizon and Siggitor Wireless Line. Tell me the QAM Hello. I'm driving. Okay, do you have Dragonuss nuts? I'll tell you that. How much he used driving? Oh yeah. Him and Gilbert. Oh, you know Gilbert. Well, that's because he's got that good eyesight. Tell me the QAM Hello. Good evening. How's that? That's it. Those are our two calls. Okay. Okay. Like I said, we got a chance to get to Florida and votes on the pool today. Why do we even bother wasting my time with his grant? 5 6 7 0 5 60, land transfer calls. Maybe this is it. 5 6, and they've arrived. Of course, what does any of this done I'm talking about? How to do with Ricky Williams. Maybe that's the problem. Is that good? Good day. I want to start taking this personal, a second here. Do you think I should? No. Tell me the QAM Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple of stories here. I don't know if anybody else is next to this kid. But in my neighborhood, I live behind the house. I don't know if anybody else is next to this kid. But in my neighborhood, I live behind the house. That's Dr. James Scott. You know, the Westminster Church of the Courage, Question 3. Why? These games can't be yes. Yeah. Processing chief. The neighbors around my neighborhood now, sticking to 10 commandments signs in their long. Lovely. Yeah. Beautiful isn't it? I have a solution for a pal. What's that move? Move. Serum passed before they get your ass. The other spirit story I want to say real quick. My sister got married, but that's weekend. And we brought my grandmother who's 84 and has Alzheimer's for ceremony. And when the ceremony started, the priest walked out. And as a cloud of mind, as she had she's got. The priest comes walking out she goes, oh my god, he's a dragon. Hi. Hi. I thought she's a... That damn dragon. I can't stand him. I'll be damned. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news pal. Good morning. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, hey, hey, you bored out of the night. Okay. Hey, listen to the most craziest drama I ever saw my life was around the architrials in Paris, where they decided to be sort of live. G.K.L. G.B. G.B.B.B. Actually, I had a great kind of pair. They actually kissed our American asses over there. Really? I wasn't expecting that. I'll bring you back here if they beat me by the second. Really? Beautiful. There's only one problem with our friends here. What is? So many arms people. Yeah. All right. Okay, we got a colleague. Paris, give her down there. Perry, you got it. We got it. You didn't want to go there. WDQAM. Okay. Yes, sir. Hey, we got it. Quiet. I'm on. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. Regarding your sing-alop South Carolina. Yeah. I'm starting to think that this car is going to end up squinching anyway. We're going to have to go our own way. How are we going to do it? How are people like you, me and Joshua, supposed to co-exist with these people in the future? We're going to do it, too. You're in Joshua. I don't know if you want to. I'm just going to have a great day. I mean, what do we going to do? What are we going to do? I do the best you can. So, all due to the best you can, stay out of the country as much as possible. Stay away from all the fastest. Stay away from the religious nuts. on the two London and I said, this is the best you can. This is sky is falling, do me right, lose stuff. I'm way too old for that kind of crap. I'll figure this, do the best you can, put a base smile on your base, put a happy smile on your tongue and whatever you want to do. I have a magnetic Jesus station to put on the car when I drive through the area. And that'll straighten your ass off and I'll think you're one of them. That's right. Have a good rack and a Jesus. Right. Now we're talking, just in case you're going to our tuber first, you're going to get a dirty look for the looks like they're threatening to you or your property, your pet, uh, physical, and just blow their ass away and Governor Jambal say, nice job, eh? Are you planning me? Well, kind of madness in a media that you own, but we put it up for about five years just to just treat all this like it's the way things are supposed to be. And in a meantime, we got eight and million hours on sky miles of Brian here. There's a state of inertia. Get off my set. I'm turning on, I can't stand it. I'm turning on the SNBC. I can't stand them. That's what they're talking about. And put it in the side of the show. So I disagree with your initial problem. The assemble launch. How many QAM hello? 10 year later. Okay. I just want to get your cake on the London Police, I'm pulling up for anything guys. Hey, listen, he shouldn't. He shouldn't. He shouldn't. I didn't look on his face, man. Whatever it was. But you think when we get our ID card, so they're going to shoot first and then look at our IDs and the most. He's in the luxury. Later, that's right. Shoot first and check ID later. That's an excellent thought. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, guys. Maybe the London Police were practicing for coming to Florida, not to over. That's true first. I'm going to go with them. But they are very sorry though. They apologize for profusely. Well, you know, the family going to do that. Or do they have the same teacher that act that we do? No, they got the new England paper in that. They can't screw with them. They can't mess it with them. The Queen will succeed. That's great. They're all there. There are some Queen. Have a great day, sweetheart. You're seeing the big trouble, some Queen. You're fairery. Yeah, a lot of interesting things. Just like with the Nazis, they're always closet bags involved with Hitler and his onto our Jolkrends stories out there, you know? Jolkrends stories on the street. And the same thing with this bunch. Jolma Carphe would be so proud. And his buddy Roy Con and his boyfriend, G. David Schine, and all of them. How's Roy Con doing? Is he still dead? Good. Yeah. Probably a saffron. Let's see who played him in the movie. James Woods. Yeah. He's dead here. Now, that was I know, but that was a good role for him. Because we hate some roles like poison. And we hate his right tone, like poison. Perfect role. And that's much. That should have been on that pull. We did the last week. About a role where the accident has to do much, I think. Right. James Woods. 1213 at 5.60 W.2. And did you go to the United States last night? If not, if you were tossing and turning, if your mattress is worn out, it's time for you to do the smart things. Step up to a new queen or king-sized bed from the Great Folks of Dilem Actress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king-sized beds. Ready for Sunday delivery. And you still get that saying delivery deal. That's unbelievable. You choose the date and time on the two R window. Seven days a week when you want them to deliver, and they actually show up between 8 a.m and 10 p.m. like between noon and two and one and three and two 14 and four 14. That'll make for the series the complete line of all the top makers. See these sort of Simmons king-core and students in foster Hollywood. Their everyday low prices in deep stock make your shopping of breeze. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll talk with a nice forbidding consultant who lives at your needs. Almost if you just sell a couple of it, level free, that's perfect and keep in mind. These people when you talk to them, no bedding instead of not because that's the only thing they sell. They don't sell no halivar. Just about all the folks that you instantly click like babies on a dial-a-matte-sauce. If you get a lot of babies if you get a lot of babies if you weigh them. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RS. What is it again? Our 1-800-RS number was that good at spelling. MATT-R-E-S or another wicked web, it's mattress.com. What a constant score! What a constant score! The awesome score! What's the real price of the two? The real price of two. My, the splager with least particularly nice advice to buy a price-frient information. And I want to tell, I want to know the truth. What a woman, boys. She's still sticking together. It doesn't matter, whatever they lie. What is the deal? What we don't care is your best friend. This could be she's be put to end. Who said what thing? No, it's changing. This is not my then push you stuck again. To leave a rescue park without you. This lonely public standing. McLean on the street. No, no, no, no, no. The only, oh baby, I'm pregnant. Let the street know, make sure. All the bad we will all the things. If anyone in this administration was responsible for the leaking classified information, they would no longer work in this administration. Oh yeah, right. You tell them, Scott, hey, Scott, through February. Club 1965, 60, 72, I am happy to do two of you. And this article, you just asked to me that somebody sent to us. This is annoying to me. And you want to know why? Because I like the life saving time. And I said for many, many years, Scott, I'm going to be on day by day. All year round. I don't know, probably. It just stopped changing the clock. This is, yes, I'm having people for a big chunk of the year driving home for work in the dark. We get started five o'clock in the afternoon, like in November, December, January. That's a bunch of crap. In addition, which, stop and think about it. And in Florida, this makes that much difference. And you have to know right now. Like in most of the rest of the country, we were at snow, and ice, and sleep. Who wants to be driving home for work as five, 50 in the afternoon? It's pitched black outside, and the roads are like the end of the world. Right. Anyway, it says, all this time, we may have thought the farmers were responsible for making us a gesture of our clock choice year, but in turn. And this thing here, this is really for us in my eyes. It turns out it's the golfers. Do you believe that? Whatever. And shopping mall owners everywhere, also had their hand in preserving institution, and it was a very long time. This is ABC news, so it's so a ticket of what it's worth. And keep in mind that Aaron Brown started on ABC news. Does that say what they are? No. No, it's true. Anyway, it says that cynical. People love long nights late sunrise. It's right now that everyone turns out. Nonetheless, negotiating this from the House and Senate of Aguid, which is then daylight savings time by four wishes part of a sweeping energy bill. The provision is that it's designed to say a few of the ones that build sponsors also highlighted another benefit. The beauty of daylight savings time is it makes it just everyone feels sunnier. So representative Edward Marky of Massachusetts makes everybody feel sunnier. Okay. Hey, sign. The provision agreed by lawmakers with star daylights savings time three weeks earlier on the seven Sunday and March ended week later. First week, Sunday and November. Does it save energy? Does it save money? Does it save oil or lives for one of the state of course? It does. Appointing states this way for golfers to get extra time. You golf, they're going to golf crowd out there and kind of a life. Get a life. I have a standard. I don't know why I'm mentioning name. The year transport association of working for sure presents May the US Airlines argues that it would throw US international schedules for the out of sync with Europe. It says that too much extension the initial proposal with classy US airline industry. 147 million dollars with disrupt overseas travel. As if, of course, they can't exist for it. I don't get that. Can't get the adjust for it? I'm sure they can. Yeah. This is an ultimate disaster for airlines and all of our customers will be hard. Lee can be in such a James May. The group's president and CEO. The national PTA is also a further-darker than more kids will have to go to school in the dark. A hundred years ago, lots of good way to keep the surface population now when you think. I think. A hundred years ago, when he first proposed this, they said it was about saving energy. He said Michael Downing, author of Spring Forward, the annual madness of daylight savings time. I can't imagine where he's coming from. This has never been realized no matter how many times they say, instead of tremendous weight, it can be American suspend more money. The US first implemented daylight savings time during WWI, and then imposed it again during WWII, but for years the nation moved with a plethora of local daylight savings times. And then it just takes a few articles roughly in. It's going to be not maybe there's more to read. Oh, I think I could pay to this. Oh, it's here. Oh, here it is. Finally, Congress tried to pay some consistency with a uniform time act of 1966. In the wake of the Arab world embargo, along with the extended daylight time of the central month in 74, the current calendar was sent in 86. Two states, Arizona and Hawaii, still out of daylight time. The postman in the end and Eastern times, almost for years, is refuses being forward. It's played in the Winsal Med daylight savings time next year. And I guess like you said, just set it and forget it. Right. Just set it and walk away like you're saying away for a while. Readjust your body twice. How's that flavor wave coming by the voice great? We use it four times at least a week. I use mine virtually every day, every single day. I kind of discovered is a great low car. I don't know what the name of the brand is. I'll check it out. Low car pasta sauce that I would hit will be in my supermarket here. Okay. And so I take my fourth meatball as my delicious Italian fresh fourth meatball. He'd come up nice to make sure of course they've cooked all the way through. We don't want no tricky noses. And on the flavor wave and then put him in a pasta sauce. He'd come up a couple of extra minutes in that low car pasta sauce and then put on some Swiss cheese on top and melt that on there. Mmm. God. Sounds a little strange, isn't it? Nope. But you know me, I like cheese on everything. We'll just about. We'll just about. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty me Verizon and singular wireless line. I sure pine for adults. WQA and hello. QAM. Not for sound of that. Nice, I'm close. Clean and first. WQA and hello. Okay, I'm not going to waste my time begging for calls anymore today. This is an insult that's just laughing at faces. It's outrageous. But you want an awye. Physically I have to have many more things for this pool and it's all they got. That'll be the thing song. It's not for the audience. I got 20 enough. Because that's what they got, man. Right? I got a plighty, nothing. I got nothing. They got no material, man. And everybody I talked to is really kind of scary. I don't want to mention any of these, but I know a lot of people are telling me they're moving out of here. They're getting out of somewhere. A lot of people are coming in and buying off the over price houses, which is fine. But other than that, man. It's kind of scary. I said everybody I talked to tells me this one is leaving. This one moved out. And anywhere. Just get me out of here. Can't understand that. Somebody QAM hello. Hello Neil? Yes sir. Neil I prefer the original lot better, but just a couple of times. I can't believe it's not cars. Hello. Somebody QAM hello. You're moving ahead. You're getting out of there. QAM. Hello Mark. Yeah. Yes sir. That movie would try to remember it's called Secret Wendell. Secret Wendell was on a deck to see it. Oh yeah. I love it. No. I had it. Someone QAM hello. QAM. Who's that movie calling? That movie QAM hello. Okay. Listen. That movie is said. You can one meal on it with the media. The media decides we have to care about it. And I don't know if you thought it's a trend. But three thousand of words on the panel. Now I've got a priest to say why it's fair. You know, if there's not anything normal, it's a ridiculous thing. It's a ridiculous thing. It's very correct. Everything is called from the state. It has to go with the state. This is horrible. It's my main mistake. Okay. See on the bus on the banana boat or maybe on the internet. You or be a hop on. Just hop on it. Wow. Why are you guys even getting some really good causes? Oh yeah. The best. Okay. Oh the crap. I'm going to sit around here and listen. Not. Do you want to cry? No. Although tomorrow's ratings they don't forget George is going to be right on top. 1130. And we're not going to be doing those monthly trends anymore. Starting with this book. Not because they're good or they're bad or they're in different. This because it's too early. It's pointless. They're sampling like six illegal aliens who just floating up on an intershare. That's it. Even for the three months, it's marginal advice. But we'll take whatever luck we can get. And we'll find out tomorrow. We're going to look. We'll find out how everybody. And then on Thursday, Dough tells me Thursday my luck. We're going to find out the hourlys on Thursday. But love принципе. We're going to go to a team. Very kind. Chili got a d disagree. How nice is it to in a台. Yeah. Yes, I agreed to that. If I asked you straight up, was there a sexual encounter of Jennifer Farrell? Yes, she was so warm and a love that I wanted to try, and I think I'll leave it at that. And that was very meaningful to you. What would you teach you? Oh, what do you think? Oh, just go beat yourself and it was a good advice. She eventually swapped her husband bail for a woman named Paula Jones. So I was absolutely committed to make some kind of a relationship with a young woman. But ultimately, I had to get on my knees. Years later, under our center, deposition in the lawsuit, your husband did admit that you had your own first lady. He put himself into that position, and I gladly went along. But when you're in the White House, and your husband has a relationship with a young woman, and it is not a... Not a...not a heart. Or, oh my goodness, it took a long time to make it very, very hard. When we return, the decision that backfire makes no sense. Not to find you doing the young woman, very heart. That's always set my time doing thinking hard. And now she'll be close to the mom and that's good. And she'll make her mom, and that's it. I think any mom is also there. Right, comforting too, your mama. And five seconds, you know, I guess what? The Tani's a liar and a corrupt and a thief, jee. But a sharp and senior military officer in Bangdad says, all I'm in the he's a liar, but I sure don't. He says, the insurgency appears to be growing more violent, more resilient, and more sophisticated than ever. How do you like that? That's so lovely correct. Growing pessimism about a burning civil war in Iraq, as well as mounting concerns that you as an military President, they're made at self-e. And before I read this article and go in, we'll pond with Stinger. See, if my stupidity and you should be alerting me, this all you like to...my showing my ass on here. I'm sitting here doing the thing with the numbers, and then when I don't get the media response, I'm forgetting we're on this 85 minute delay. Yeah. See, mentally, I'm still living back in the day before the stern of the clock, you know, before we had these 17 five minute delays. So I can say, hey, okay, we're going to take some calls now, give the numbers. I'm like four minutes later. That's why I should stare looking for them. That's the start flashing on here, you know? Right. Hey, don't write about the delay. I forgot about it already, too. What do you mean by that? I can't remember the word at 30 seconds. No, exactly. So you think, go, do you have to make our responding right away? And that's because they're not hearing it for like another minute later. 30 seconds by ass. Oh, don't call now. I don't want your calls now. Oh, oh. They are so silly, you know? Growing pessimism about a very civil war in Iraq as well as mobbing concerns that he was military president there made itself a few willing the insurgency and Islamic extremism. I want to read this sentence again and again and again. Okay, especially for that pump that call last Thursday, who was giving me a shot in an answer that the stuff going on in the British shoe over there had nothing to do with their being in Iraq. Right, your mama, you're an idiot. You're a quesling. You're several than 20 Blair. Just think of how much terrorism they would have in London if they didn't. Yeah, right. A ton of time. Of course, so we in London, the same nothing compared to the, um, the IRA. Right. That remember those great days with the IRA. And anyway growing pessimism about a very civil war in Iraq as well as mounting concerns that US military presidents there made itself be fueling the insurgency and Islamic extremism worldwide has spurred a spade of new calls to the West of withdraw its 14,000 troops sooner rather than later. Oh, that's almost enough to make me want to play that bit. You know, although for that, I'll play. You do. In a minute. All right. Now, although resolutions to establish at least a timeline for withdrawal have so far given the support of one of the about a quarter of the members of Congress, the absence of tangible progress in turning back the insurgency is ending the fears on capital hill that the administration hopes of stabilizing the situation. Let alone getting Brooks and Prowester democracy in the heart of the air, world are delusory. Oh, do I love that word? That's good. Say to go, lose the re, as in delusions of delusions of delusory delusory delusory delusory. Right. Malmana, necessarily. In January, we had congressional staff hanging up on us when we called to say that we went to the Scottish shipping west policy from Lord Guns and more troops toward withdrawal, said Jim Kason was at Kason. Remember the Kason's come rolling in? Yep. Jim Kason came to the E-Friendly, even though who came and else there was, who director of the Friends Committee on National Legislation and Law of the Group, now they want to talk about it. While the George B. Bush administration still insists that civil war will be avoided and will be created in the next month or May on track. They continue on high level of violence and the strength and sophistication of predominantly Sunni and Surgeoning Foreign Fighters are currently having an effect here. Let me say again, American Senior Military Officer says, the insurgency appears to be growing more violent, more resilient and more sophisticated than ever, as opposed to the lies that were forced to. And immediately, if there's dignity of free pass and all, who said a girl take the flop off the fighting board on in those 80 million times, how come we don't see the real history of the place of the chain lying and lying and lying? Because he doesn't want them to. I see. And he's the boss. This was made clearest in two New York Times articles published on the including one and told the fine US efforts to represent Iraq, we focus on strengthen. And another by John Burns, a veteran star, time supporter, who spent considerable time in Iraq entitled, if it's civil war, do we know it? The latter story repented the recent intensification of Sunni violence against the CEO community, that provoked even the evapation CEO religious leader Ayatollah Ali Sistani to watch this increasingly deferred in fighting the political transition to call on the CEO of the government to defend the country against mass annihilation. From the moment the American troops crossed the border 28 months ago, Burns wrote, the inspector hanging over the American enterprise here has been that Iraq, son of Hussein's tyranny, might prove to be so fractured that would spiral to the next or believe a civil war. Now, if I said 40 more than ever to the possibility that the nightmare could come true according to Burns, in order that she had militias in she had in Kurdish-led army of police units, with themselves taking increasingly aggressive countermeasures, including abducting, torturing and executing suspected insurgents, and they're perceived to the lies within the offenders. That's right. If they look suspicious, that's right. But this like Scotland, the arts order a crap away. We're sorry if we were wrong if we overweigh but never lies. The second story by two other Baghdad-based times for a sponge, quoted on the Incean military officers reiterating two big frustrations that have been heard since July of 2003, that the insurgents he appears to be growing more violent, more resilient and more sophisticated than ever in that prosecuting the war is like so in Braggins' teeth. We are capturing or telling a lot of insurgents once he knew US Army insurgents always had told the times, but they were being replaced quicker than we can in the interdictor operations, and there's always another insurgent ready to step up and take charge. And we can't imagine why? Can we? No. No. I guess. 450 on votes on a full. We got a shot of 500, John. Yeah, maybe. If we really put our, um, nose to the grindstone or nose to the diving board, how many more times do we need to see that today? About 2 to 3, man. Where is the worst place you've ever driven it? They'd count it, 233. But you should have said other than Dave County. Yeah. Boston 54, New York 48, six, Broward 32. See, Browards in the high and I wonder if everybody's moved out of Dave County moving into Broward. Los Angeles 28, Washington DC 11, role 11, Chicago 10, Tampa 8, Jamaica 7-month, even if you ever really good machine, London 6, Vegas 3, never driven one. I'm just a down one. Paris, none. And never drove outside of South Florida. See what's going to do. Put that on. It's got none. It's got the big old. Speed up the big old. Don't forget the big old. Oh, we'll find out how well he's doing on Thursday. See how he's doing, how the Humphor is doing, how we're doing. How low is doing? Oh, my God. Mad dog. Racking mad dogs are given. Have we do this fine, right? Right. And then, of course, we can find out how those other guys are doing. You know those other guys? Like that, Danny LaBastard boy. What kind of swing are you? So the next year, you're watching the next year. Watch the next year. Subscribe. Who's video-fly? Can we get? You fatter. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. I'll be the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. I'll be the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. I'll be the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. You're the loser. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no one single is can come by there. I'm gonna show you this one, or I gonna show you this one. All I ever did was play this game. Carl Love has got three pitches on top of his forehead. You know, right? You know right I think all the bodies got right they were showing he was showing it a call Too far away anyway. Here's the I can't imagine I forgot the brand name of this so us you should It's holding Yeah, the same as the salad dressing remember to do all this good stuff car options. Okay Man, this is good stuff and I'm looking on the label. I have it in my hand right now. In fact, it's so good You know I could like you know stick my finger when the jar just eat it on that I could like put a straw on it Yeah, but really is it's good stuff and you want it like because they just splung them Because most spaghetti sauce they like have hidden you sugar in it Which is another reason why not just the tomatoes but the the carb content is so extremely high Oh, yeah, anyway 7.5 grams in a half a cup. That's nothing And a good that's nothing 7.5 grams a cup of half a cup which I have a cup is a pretty fair amount. I mean, you know I'm gonna don't be making your pasta with it No, if you sent it if they ever made like a real good low carb pasta, which of course I don't want to talk about that. Let's start 5 6 Ha ha ha ha ha 5 6 7.0 5 6.0 I'm gonna be so I just for September to take some calls. I got a pretty good pile here. Okay, and somebody almost want to climb Hey, so this is discovery shuttle Everything is a okay. They took off and there's still alive and everything's fine They're gonna be out there for 12 days You're gonna be hearing a lot about a pup pup pup like that scumiles a bronze gun We under 247 on CNN With information at the nobody use a crap about including the astronauts themselves He is ready for a minister to use our PO to the Pope. I'll take it out. You see this story? No, tell me that Oh, man, I really pissed off at this Pope He's ready for a ministry expressed its outrage yesterday that Pope Benedict the 16 Deliberally feel the condemn terror attacks against his rallies and it's some of the Vatican on boy through a meeting How do you like that you will get your ass over here and you will come to crap? So we'll peeing your pasta. How do you like that? Or do you be like a special company? I'm Sunday the punter prayed to God Trade for God just yeah, that's right Well God must have a hearing problem because they keep praying to him to stop all this crap and it goes on and on and on and then we got to stuff on the you On Sunday the punter prayed for God to stop the murder of the hand of terrorists he made the new time blessing from his out-fying retreat And it leads northwest in Valadasa region where he's vacationing Benedict we further the reason have horned terrorist attacks in Egypt written Turkey and Iraq but did not mention tax in Israel Oh, I I think he's anti-Sanatic this Pope Let's just put this mind the Pope deliberately failed to condemn the terrible terror effect that occurred in Israel last week A pharmaceuticals we statement be saying a July 12 suicide bombing in the Israeli seaside city of Natani killed five Israelis Islamic geohog famous Concevity is it geohod or is it a fat war? Well, they're different things a fat one Yes, it is what you like better a fat war fat one or a geohod Yeah, well the reason I say that I know what the are but is this because it's also stupid? Yeah We're expected that the new Pope who unseeking office Emphasize the importance he places on relations between the church and the Jewish people would be hate differently this statement said not still a same old anti-Semites The statement called on the public and democratic tax against Jews and assimilate can then terror attacks against others Ben and great said Monne he did not see an anti-Christian motive in the recent wave of terrorists attacks blame on his Blaine done his law of my extremist to truly name instead to a much more general intention He's leading the attack general intention The pot of also filled reporters while they're casting in the Italian elves He just he just started for Christ says what's he doing around the case? He must be taken lesson from the bushmaster that it was important to seek dialogue with the best elements of Islam But when are we gonna find those? After visiting a church Benedict first off requested about whether he believed Islam is a religion of peace I wouldn't want a label that he said certainly there are elements that favor peace it also has other elements I wonder what he meant by that like stealthy a man, you know Corridor I see and maybe magnesium or milk of magnesium think it that's what they put in a post tea One that they killed right the folks folks He said something that Benedict was placing immense importance on meeting with Muslim and colonial Germany While he's in his home blind next month to lead the world out of such a great place Colon journey while he was in his home blind next month lead the Roman Catholic churches world youth day Benedict has been less color like home since July 11 and he's doing her my last season France Because that name I read before Valet the October was the Shridden south of Santa Mason France until July 28 when he moved to the people somewhere He didn't cast old on golf money all been hill south of Rome during his vacation He's finishing a book these three years ago working at his foot and cyclical I'm sure surrounded by some loving altum boys and being protected by the swish guard a quote you're fairie The photographer who took topless photos of a 19 year old aspiring model named Cameron Diaz Then attempted to sell him back to her after she became a star and now he faces up to six years in prison. How do you like that? Okay, John Rutter It was convicted Monday a forgery attempted grant theft and purgery Rutter had testified that it gave the S2A to pay him three and a half million dollars to the photos before he shot them to prospective buyers for a campaign Time to go inside with the 2000 ways to fulfill Charlie's angels full throttle But he said he was only offering the as right of first refusal not trying to blackmail her Although I wish that this unfortunate situation hadn't occurred in the first place. I'm very gratified Justice has been served the as an astin the as the screen credits include shruck and there's something a lot of Mary Testified that she wasn't ashamed of the shots and it offered one point to go to partnership with Rutter in relation to some images She said he turned her down She said that whether told their that the buyers were gonna use this against you when he would not identify the reported buyers Diaz contacted the third days Superior court judge Michael E. Pastery revoked writers bail ordered him to jail willing to photographer was a flight risk He was a sentencing set for September 15 I like that George ass in the slime will take and cancel all as a subscription and prescriptions to Now we all knew in radio business that pay all was over Right, right, how can nobody ever offers us any grant? I know we just thought about that yesterday got it buzzed me But go on ever since I can remember since I as a kid you since listed WMGM in the your Peter trip to Kuroi Head of Kidd and the third row WMGM And it was all that table Alan Fried malam fraud and dick Clark. He's still alive by the way, but barely hanging on dick Clark. Oh, man Well be long before we say goodbye to old dick Commissioner once STC pay all the investigation Armed with a stunning results of the air continue general Elliott Spitzer is year-long investigation on the record industry and so many BMG's admission of improper conduct STC commissioner John of Evel Stinius to be called on his agency to investigate the pale-owned practices A practice uncovered by Spitz's office. We've seen a lot of smoke around pale for a while But now we know is coming from a real fire It's time to dump a bucket of cold water while it'll see and said we need an immediate investigation It's true. I'm about to be as practice as violent federal pale-log I've asked Mr. Spitz to ensure all the evidence that he's uncovered with the FCC with the answers He got an accuracy dick control FCC A little seen also noted that it's unfair to listeners if they hear songs on the radio because somebody was paid off Not because it's good music This isn't the first time able to spend the position of play for FCC F none pay for play issues and may he get expresses his our for an FCC investigation of potential violations of the agency's product placement rules Avalcing added the surreal tribute to a turning general Elliott Spitzer that he's blown the lid off a potentially far-reaching pale-o-scandal I've been expressing consider about this for the idea and this morning on the piece they had on CNN We were watching remember that yeah, and one of the things that we're given out was like your expensive pairs of sneakers and the way that we're doing is that They would give one of these sneakers and it would be whole the other one until I saw the song was played ten times on the station Yeah How do you like that? What are you gonna do with one sneaker? We said hop around a lot? God Indiana business man gets a big check in error in West Lafayette Indiana. Well Indiana. Let me be a good place for There's a lot of honest there anyway in Indiana the odors and the Yoders and whatever else in English Yoder and the hot spellers in the odors that's yellow. Okay. That's right Robert D. Adroer, the adoro Consciously deleted eyes when he opened a piece of meal and found a hundred and sixty thousand dollar check-up in sign The check for a large sum of the payoff is housed by a card go on a six month vacation at everything is name address and the company's name Peace companies name everything is except for his legal rights to run off to the banking can shoot Once you champagne dreams dissipated the adoro assume realize that the hundred and sixty thousand plus dollar checkless in an error I went a pet candidate based card you're limited, eh It's not immediately this happens. I was holding a piece of paper with so much power. He said The adoro who owns storm from productions in West Lafayette at first off to check and been sent from a client and in this place They're decimal kind of like a drug Storpsious Everybody's two weeks George wonders how come that decimal is over so stop them for That's bad. It's gonna be life sorry. Oh, whatever After checking while it's just humorous. I think kind of a sick way. I'm sure you'd agree I'll just think about it after checking storm fronts records over a fee of door to scourdy's company I've never done business with card bill limited so you call the companies win a take-and-gourders and I said go a Cargolized with the check to be voted in the turn in theater or city foot of the mail Thursday the companies giving him a hundred dollar gift It took a good to a local restaurant for turning in the giant size check Hundred bucks my ass thousand minimum when you say all right Everyone at work wanted to see it and hold it. He said If I Check I don't people like that. Yeah, if only I could keep the money, but that kind of stuff comes back to bite you It's just better to clear everything up and make sure it doesn't happen again Yeah, well you let him see it and hold it sometimes it come back and bite you He's starting to get the good to it. Oh look at that Thursday. It or a city foot of the mail Thursday the companies giving him a hundred dollar gift It should be into a local restaurant for turning in the giant size check Hundred bucks my ass thousand minimum when you say all right Everyone at work one that is seen and hold it. He said If I I don't people like that. Yeah, if only I could keep the money, but that kind of stuff comes back to bite you It's just better to clear everything up and make sure it doesn't happen again. Yeah, when you let him see it and hold it Sometimes it come back and bites you He's starting to get the bridge of it. Oh look at that Thursday Well, I say I'm gonna see I keep thinking I'm a zone CNN I'm on Amazon BC and since nobody watches it I can't figure out what it is that they're doing if anybody And of course it was really a brilliant programming moving their desperation to get an audience putting that both tide right when you lunatic Look else is named from cross-card is going to come up with mother Tucker and his pies Carlson put it in line back to back with Joe Scarborough They very untalented former Florida Congressman who's here to be able to get up And this is not a tumor if the ones to two hour So I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. I'm going to go to the police station. The police station was the bank of Do notese and it was the bank of Do Notese including his grandson. to go into the office. Sure, it's got to be. Friends say Lance Archibald is a tawn handsome former college basketball player and graduate of Harvard Business School. He's also still single at 31. You're fairie. And so they're hoping to speak things up with the billboard and a website. I'm Lance Let's Go Loud Reads to Billboard on an interstate near Lyndon about 40 miles south of Salt Lake City. It kind of came out of discussions we had that Lance is such a good guy but not married. You're fairie said Morgan Lynch CEO of logo works where Archibald is the director of marketing. What a great name that is Morgan Lynch. Some of you on the idea of getting a billboard. So why the concern over Archibald's marital status as the member of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints whose members typically mirror in their early plies, the 31 year old Archibald is approaching the male equivalent of an old maid or just too fairie. Friends say they're not sure what they bring among university graduate and former Mormon missionaries looking for but these it's taking a little longer than usual for God with these credentials. Team date lands the cadre of friends and co-workers behind the scheme are screening date applications. The site asks interested women to describe themselves including age occupation personally and to describe their ideal date with Archibald. So far the website has received more than 1500 hits with several women in the buying for a date. We're still taking submissions bait said as much as we thought we'd be funny we're serious about this. Archibald is taking the attention and spread although he says he's been a good amount of time explaining to others what his friends have done he says he's not bothered by singlehood and not only considered about marriages is I'm pretty happy right now I'd like to get married but it's not a concern. Probably a smart guy and maybe a gay. I'm confident. I'm very important gay boarder. Oh that would be really unusual too wouldn't. Next thing you're going to be telling me is that Alan keys daughter is a lesbian and that's Dick Cheney's got a bull-like daughter although he's got a joke about these stories again. And of course don't forget about time delay. I mean all of these it seems the furthest of the right till a shoe fly. All these people would they get offspring. For Ebony here perfectly pardoned in sauce of like eyes perpetually staring the life size Betty Booth said. In other words one of the kid that Jesus Lane do all are friends from South Carolina. When Ebony writes he just changed the name of it. Yeah and that way no then you could like North Carolina to just be Carolina nothing could be fine of it. He's in Carolina and South Carolina would be North or South would just be Jesus Lane. Beautiful. Anyway the life size Betty Booth statue became a local landmark on the city sure drive Virginia Beach Virginia but Sunday morning and papaya discovery 16 hundred dollar figure of block away from its home and further the cool and eclectic furniture and fashion without its head. Oh god I hate that. Betty Booth would know head. Six days later the head remained missing. Without it she's nothing said store owner Larry Esties who caught a place in Ford Friday. Esties collected Booth's body and placed it in the store room many began searching up and down sure drive. He's offering her free store item anyone who comes forward with Booth's head. She's made a lot of people smile he said for head. Uh while who would do this? Betty has had run into before two years ago hurricane Isabelle's wins tons of the statue done sure drive. Seven limbs and crushing her head from heel to head out of reconstructed. She's now off with her head and a bad Betty Booth tragic. I wonder if she's part of that law from Betty Booth. Wait till you hear this another reason to hate pants. God why despise cats. Oh man there's litter boxes the whole thing about there is useless as useless as a sixth toe. Pass like a sweet tooth. Study says I mean when you compare a dog in a cat what what kind of a jackass has a cat. I sure hope Josh don't have any cats in his house. So what do we say parents in? No well my my dad has some cats but it's not his choice. I don't like them personally. But what does any of them not his choice? What did they just invade the house? Yes they're choice. That's the white women like cats because they have like a woman personality you know. Torble. I see. Leave a let her resisted. Okay I don't want to ask you more questions. I don't know. Nobody's business. Nobody's business about that whole family situation. Obviously Josh is from a somewhat dysfunctional family and who isn't. Is that what I'm in Georgia course? Leave a and me. Leave a cookie in the room with a dog and it'll be four crumbs of time to return but with a cat that she will be safe there's one reason like cats will eat your ice cream. That's sauce is so good man. I'm looking my fingers. Scientists have learned the reason for the felines other than different sorts sweet tasting goodies. The gene for its sweet taste we set there is riddle with errors and doesn't work. Oh how do you like that? Another reason to hate cats. They're tongue-less screwed up. Well know that with genetic engineering they could make that happen in you. That's why I was thinking about that. I wish I had this problem. Oh please. Pretty pleased. The research to be published in the journal Pacific Library of Science Genetics was connected by scientists at the Manel Chemical Census Center in Philadelphia and the Welfan Center for Pet Nutrition and Britain. Previous studies have shown that cats don't care for sugar. Oh please. Let me just scrape my taste buds right now with a knife and a gene splice you with a cat. No thanks. The researchers at the Manel Center offered dozens of domestic cats choices of water either plain or flavored with sugar the cats drank equally from book bottles. Later studies in a zoo show the same for lions, leper, tigers and jaguars. If I were a dog or a monster human they'd immediately think of the sweet one a consumer in preference over the water said Joseph's he brand, a surgeon director of the Manel Center and co-authored the study. When the Manel Center was responsible for sweet taste was identified earlier in the decade Brandon colleagues and said it would best be what was given about a cast receptors. How about my foot and one of the researchers? Backbone that one. The extracted DNA from cats and examined the gene for the sweet taste receptor which consists of two proteins that sit on the surface of the taste buds cells. When sugar binds to the receptor signal sent to the inside of the cell and ultimately into the brain I must have some very strong receptors you know. Some sugar receptors. The team in fact I can just see that crew is doing that azúcar thing but I don't want to waste my family. The team found that the gene for one of those receptor proteins known as T1R2 was defective and came along to make it a receptor. The same genetic defect was found in DNA from a line and a cheetah. The scientists proposed that the cats extinct carnivorous lifestyle a render the need to sense sugar irrelevant allowing mutations to accrue in the sweet tasting receptor degree evolution of the cat lineage. The tons of things cats are going to be eating. Rodents, quick hits, spiders, snakes and birds small enough for them to catch. Our things rich in protein and fat no sugar and no carbs. So James Richards spoke to the American Association of Thelign Practices, practitioners and veterinarian at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine. The sweet receptor in Cassie said would be like me having a taste receptor for wood. Oh, if I got a lot of food out. No, we got a little rector said that Cassie's alive and digested tracks also run suited to carbohydrates containing lower levels of enzymes involved in digesting them. He said veterinarians were investigating whether the level of carbohydrates that domestic cats got in their diet was contributing to the surge of rates of pet die, beatings and obesity. See your cats not to put them in all of that cramp. Okay, puts them in all of them candy bars to your cats. All of a sudden second thought. That's tough. Yeah. 12 minutes after 1 at 5.60. You know, when you QAM on a fantastic Tuesday, oh, don't go. We are 500 votes on the poll today, which is a piece of cake. We got 506 already. We can get to 600 by 4 o'clock. You think? That are afternoon. You know, for years, I'm strong for the home set. It's always treated everybody just like family. They want to stand well for you right now to join their family. Four days just announced their four family plan. Right now, Armstrong for the home set. You can purchase a vehicle. I'd inflate this compresses. That's correct. You heard me right. Now through July 31, Armstrong for the home set gives you the same rate. Pressing that every Ford motor company employer families get. Not only you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong for exclusive tires and bad ways for a program. What's not the life? And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you'll also get a cover TV free. So what should be waiting for? Pick up that phone right now and call this number 305-247-51-12 and ask for David Rich. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no floating deals. And this fantastic, unbeatable offer is only available at Armstrong for the home set. Where they always treat you to slight family. Armstrong for your final, um, uh, at, where is it? US-1 at Southwest Bureau of 7th Street. It's 20 minutes south of the A36. I'm getting tongue time. I'm so excited to think about your friend, Pet Boy. That's, uh, US-1 at Southwest Bureau of 7th Street. Just 20 minutes south of the A36. Check them on the web. Armstrong cars are coming. Give David Rich a call 305-247-51-12. And ask them about the Ford family plan today. Travel a little and say thousands at Armstrong Ford of home set. I'm going to come to sport. What the fuck do you mean for the US story? I don't know. What will you apply to? Can't wait yet. Thank you all, again. Time to come with the special feedback maybe too. And then you'll look at the weekend for your wait for two. But since then we've been here if we haven't heard from you. Oh, what the? And now you're a thought you think will be great for you. You're a new way, you're a new way, you're a new way. I think that you've been ill and feel you got real good. And how long can you let me know when we do do Oriz, And then have a child, David Rich, a song to succeeded and a song to remain male star David Rich was once again a Disney puppy. Before a mother took the blame on make, I don't know what time I was that I said I had that little glitch and I felt like it was like a power surge it oops right over there How are you good? I just found this on the Toronto Star website. I was an hour ago. We like an hour and a half ago. A wise swath of the downtown core is without power today because of a broken pool of North Toronto Transformers station. It's possible the pool was brought down by lightning and officials are waiting the power could be out there. How do you like that? So I guess I just spoke that swath of whatever it was. What is that? Because I went out of the show on the phone again. I don't like that. No, that wasn't fun. Very uncomfortable and very you know have to slip all the stuff in my living room and I'm doing. Some places and says my sisters are teaching at an international school in Moscow. She said that when driving you can only make right-hand turns making you turns our hell. She's been all over the world and loves Moscow. Let's put that on her full way you say. I don't think it's going to get any votes. Probably because we don't have any of our listeners who have been in Moscow. Can't have been nevertheless. But never drove outside of South Florida still got. Oh, our people get around man. They get around. I mean you noticed? Oh yeah. I think they just got that sick girl just hanging around in town. Oh, they picked it up like a South Carolina for example. Maybe they're driving up on 95 and they were like going up to New York or New England somewhere like there and they had to go through South Carolina. Right. Jesus, ladies. Right. New York, diabetes tracking plan draws concern. At least I have many New Yorkers have diabetes. Many of them have risk for blindness, kidney failure, amputations and heart problems because they're doing a poor job of controlling their illness. The question is how much privacy are there when you give up for a chance at better health? Essentially, after New York became the first American city to track people with infectious diseases as a way to hold epidemics. Officials in New York propose a similar system to monitor people with diabetes a non-contagious foe. Conceived after a sharp rising diabetes deaths over the past 20 years, the time would require medical labs to report to the city that we saw some of a certain type of tests that indicates how well individual patients are controlling their diabetes. That's what they call it. I can't think of what they call it. It's the one over a period of week, whatever. There will be some who will say, what business is the government? Is it to know my diabetes is not controls? If Thomas, our freedom of the city's health commissioner, the answer we said is that diabetes cost estimated $5 billion a year. It was the fourth leading cause of death in the city in 2003, killing 1891. Pretty soon they're going to start checking on your hemorrhoids. Yeah. That's the result of the fat police. My pinpointing patient problems, then intervening every source slightly in their care, freedom of the city can improve thousands of lives. I don't think we're going to afford not to do anything you said. The board of health vote on the proposal is likely to release September, but has already drawn attention from other public health experts in privacy advocates. The list of illnesses before the public health authorities is grown over the years, but still almost entirely contagious diseases like HIV, or conditions related to environmental toxins like the lead poisoning. Now, I believe this is different. It's threatening to know under the people who've got it. This isn't small-possed. It's James Piles speaking of your roiids. And it's funny who represents healthcare groups considered with medical privacy. The state or in this case the city does have a compelling interest in they have. Does not have a compelling interest in the health of an individual that overwires individuals right to privacy. Yeah, we're not going to be certain the car behind police. Are going to be coming at supper time? We're going to be knocking on you door. See how many carbs around your plate? On your fork and on your spoon? Piles, praise the antenna program, but said, unless that best serence for their consent it would be outright violation of the Constitution right for privacy for the government to obtain their identities. How do you like that? Where the hell is it ever stopped? Oh, it goes on America, baby. Speaking of New York, New York City was in fear of Sunday as heavily armed police formed a double liquor bus tech with tourists in Times Square and we were shut down Penn State State after an highway past you said he had a bomb on a bomb. And it's romantic side of the city's egg emissions, they've London transit bombings. Cute, but cop selected elected buildings, shut midtown streets and forks about 60 terrified tourists to march off the double liquor bus with their hands up in a heart of Broadway. That great? Hands up or in a shoot? Option right, your handcuffs a group of apparently harmless South Asian men, South Asian looking men with British accents after a generally tour bus worker reported they seem suspicious. Oh, no. Guess what the bus driver's name is? I don't know, the old Muhammad's style. And here's a picture of Muhammad right here, wiping his brow. The men were forced to kneel on the sidewalk with their hands bound behind their backs between 50th and 50 first streets and formerly winner garden theater on a sunny Sunday afternoon with a city packed with tourists. People were really scared, Schmidt was saying, Jill, Sully, 29 of Saskatoon Canada. There were sharp shooters with guns pointed toward our bus, eh? I was scared out of my mind saying, another passenger, Amanda, Pissanoa, 20 of coming to Rhode Island. We don't have things like this going on in Rhode Island, she said. The dramatic face off on Broadway came just days after the N1FV, rationed it up security. After these last seven and twenty first London transit bombs in the Europe and began searching bags in the subway. I love that searching the bags in the subway. I think that's good. And of course they're only doing the random search. So, kind of like, well, Russian rule of life, maybe we'll be lucky and find some we've got a bomb. And maybe not. And if we don't. Because that's basically, I mean, only a very, very small number of people have backpacks. Right. They're almost never starting. Only like 95% of anybody under the age of 100. Oh man, it's just one of them things, you know? I got that push and blare decided to invade Iraq so we could have a lot of exciting stuff on them. It was and a whole lot of dead people. Fine, we can make 600 hosts by true fucking. Which actually we put a big full-board press on here, but I don't think you, you have that bulgain worry about. No, you don't want to exert too much energy here, right? It's a long day. The next 36 minutes, he's got the power to the Marlon Stomach and PP Park down the street there. The mosquitoes of being as big as bowling balls and the big hot and human. But the Marlon's, I think you're got a shot now, you know? I was sent out of nowhere, just when we looked like they were staggering and swooning. Because now everybody else in the region is kind of like swaggering and swooning and they're like all group, all lumped together in there. But why does anybody care about baseball? When we got hockey from them, huh? That's not all those big free agents. They're going to have an ass to a team, man. Come to the QA and hello. Neil, how are you doing? I'm going to have an ice kick in team. Pretty good. Well, I guess you were talking about as a human group in A1 city. That is the one, right? I also like to pronounce that the course of British cops shot in a thin guy. It was on page A17 at the Sunset melt. Really? Yeah. You know, the guy they shot was a Brazilian accountant. You know, how dangerous they are. Right. You know, I'm very sorry about it, Doug. They're very, they're profusely apologizing. I think they just have a big, spread free grip. Isn't that nice? No, Doug. You know what I said, he was profusely sorry. And is this that makes a difference? I, I feel much better about it now. Thank you. And I'm sure his family does too and everybody's friends and everybody else. He was a really nice guy, everybody said fine guy. There's no accountant for what he might have done there. Oh, that's bad. But teaching looks suspicious. That's right. And we have a back bag. That was pulled. He's like, okay, it's got a backpack outside your right now. I did, that's an idea. It's just to be on the safe side because you can never be too safe when you're fighting terrorism. Anybody with a backpack just watered kind of away. Okay. Those are the two of real quick because we don't want to give him time to like, set off the bombs. Right. If I have a soft side of briefcase, that's okay. Right. No. No. No reason. 26 after one at five, 60, WQA and the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one, Asian where maybe a phase rate advice to get restaurant review. You ask for it. And now you've gotten every Friday through something like lobster festives back at Emerald Coast by top of the demand featuring main lobster served thermodor style. And you can still enjoy crab fest every night with less than still crab legs. Funginous crab and Jonah Stone crabs. The main is still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items. In addition, you're most coaches got your handcar primary and from their flaming grills, succulent juicy delicious New York steaks cooked just the way you like them to your order. Top off their fantastic pieces. The coast of the desert at the unbelievable 40 inch top of the phone where you can hand if your own strawberries, marshmallows, other that could intrigue as well. Don't forget the Emerald Coast for most healthy living. No crab there to MSD no cornstarch. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free can know what oil. So remember walk out of there with a headache just a big topic. Look at reservations of one Emerald Coast relocations they were in sunrise, setting else beach and temperal fines for the Emerald Coast call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. The most important thing is to make sure that there are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs living in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There is no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are more crabs in the sea. There are no crabs that live in the sea. There are no crabs in the sea. There are no crabs that live in the sea. There are no crabs that live here. There are no crabs that live in the sea. Everyone in publicans have these. There are no crab in the sea. There are no crabs that live in the sea. I like this baby, I like this baby. Yeah, I like this baby. And in California, you can eat the baby. You can enjoy the time. Oh no, the water's the door to the door to the vehicle. In South California, I can go to the baby. I can get the baby to go to the garage. And in South America, I can get the baby to the home. Let's try it. It's very sweet. It's the question I... Two means of the door to the door to the vehicle to the vehicle to the vehicle. Thank God, baby! Oh God, it's been 0 3 times. And this is my last car with a back line operation. In Miami, Africa, Africa, Africa, and Africa You're not a doctor, you're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. No, you're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. You're not a doctor. I don't know what that's all about. I ain't never said that to the board. I ain't never said that to the board. I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. Funny day still soothing. Original joint man will be along with the without the adorabianicid. More Howard David of the two. The special guest is here. You know, he's an urban grandson. We'll set the market straight in a week. We won the 1954 mercom league batting crown. Set it about that. Oh yeah. Just like that guy. Who was it? Which guy? Kevin Elster. Kevin Elster. What a terror. I looked him up. What does that mean? What a terror. He was a... I could have hit a list of things. He wasn't a great hitter, but he wasn't a fantastic fielder. He sure stops. Generally the premium is under a fielding as opposed to their hitting. Right. But that he was bad. He looked good though. See? That's why I remember him. Anyway, a Jordanian plain suffered a type of punk tear from a farmland again in an airport in southern Jordan today. And Israeli rescue service said we're advising an early report The plain in Christ. Those is ready. Good time. When the same since a poor and timely year was peed in their home and touched. Man, it has been out of control. Little hysterical over the time. Oh, oh. I thought he peed out at the Pope do now. This was not a crash. The plain's tire burst and the roughest appeared like a crash. Your spokesman told. For a Zack at told, Roger is when asked about the incident near Akaba. I'm Jordan's border with Israel. I think the official's at your port city was at Cardinals Lane and had like a blown turn. I was in just calm down. Crazy views you with his own. The whole part in the end. You know, you think, Florida. I think Indiana challenges us for a crack that goes on all the time. Thank you for all the one at the different level. What? As it takes in the end. Yeah. Specited like Mr. Walker. You know that all the Michigan women in Michigan Walker? I'd like to hear. The owner of pet pigs has been convicted of violating the city's ordinance following complaints from neighbors about the obnoxious odor of the animals. Several fields kept two 300 pound hogs, bacon and molly. As family pets in a home in the north western Indiana city, Hobart. Earlier this month during the court trial in the Newstens charge, she argued that undersea coach he's allowed to keep pigs in residential area. Well, if the pack work can work in our building, the issue before the court is not whether they defend it may keep her pigs in the old days. The pigs were whether the odors generated or something were never must except city judge would him longer, wrote in the rule in last week. They are not. The two pigs who caught evidence submitted during the trial could generate as much as 35 pounds of solid waste and several gallons of liquid waste every day without getting too graphic. Fields testified there is no order because she didn't smell it. That's like being with litter boxes. I don't smell anything. Well, I think those think themselves. I can't smell it. And that the order detected by a Hobart code enforcement officer was attributable to swine flat silence. This is a true story. In his ruling, the judge said that testimony was not credible. The order fields to pay a fine of 250 bucks plus court cost. A forefiling the news and ordinance, longer suspended $200 in the fine on the commission and no other violations of crypto being to the end of the year. He also could have been fined up to $2500 to climb common after worst Thursday's ruling. He thought he liked that. She claims that it was swine flat silence that caused the rumor. Ah, as if of course that makes a difference. No. This story you're going to love. Bible singers versus breast implants. Oh yeah, out of one report. Hours before a 22 year old personal banker won a three set of breast implants, elderly churchgoers, and British Columbia did their vets have changed the minds of 36 contestants in the controversial competition. No good wakefield and her holiness Bible movement supporters saying out to Jesus, be the drum and dance on the sidewalk across the old nightclub. If you could see a picture of no good wakefield, she looks like Mithuz was grandma. She looks like killed McDuel's great grand grand mother. And most of them have on Friday. Wow. And her friend Penny's his door performing songs of the church outside Panic Hills in the nightclub. The members of the Bible on this movement protesting against the club that will be giving way the minimum of three grand for breast implants. You got to see these two. One of them is playing on a courtion and the other is going up at the public about the influence. No man, you ought to see this pair. We need to show these girls there something better out there for them. They don't need to be exploiting the sexuality. They feel said, why don't they come sing with us? She made her point as a club manager, Florio Vesselaccocus. I beg your pardon. Florio Vesselaccocus stared on from the other side of the street waiting for guests to start arriving and take in the six street makeover competition. And event that raised the air, not just of wakery, but women's groups and the BC College of Physicians and Surgeons. Vesselaccocus wasn't worried about the small but not catching in a lot of group of about 15 protesters. They don't realize they're doing exactly opposite from what they wanted to. They just give me more publicity said. Nonetheless, they showed on between wakery or her band and the contestants was prevented by the guys who sing with early bedtime. They packed it in long before the club got something around midnight Saturday. It's about 100 people took in the competition. Wow. Tiffany Friesen said they had their rest to believe whatever they wanted. But it's my bottom going to do whatever I want. And so she was a shipping golps of champagne, silver jewelry, golps inside the club. Freezy Bancel, night and spun off against 35 other women for a brand new pair of breasts. Names of the contestants, most of whom were 19 or early 20s, were take to a prize wheel for a chance of 3000 price. And that's better. Let's get the old QM. They spin the wheel again. For a new pair of boobies, what do you say? That's good. Wow. Names of all can say that one by one they filed up on stage of many reasons and high dresses to spin the wheel. The limiting the girl who's name landed on it. Freezy and Shriek in disbelief when she was the last woman standing. Other contestants, many from Edmonton, Calgary and the USA, saw suitant and the disappointment at the bar. They lost a chance of getting self-confidence. Many of them said, men are to clap worse, sounded at the competition. They're also beautiful. Every single one of the contestants is really good looking. I don't get it since Steve Jones. They're too visiting from Calgary. Natural is so much better. I want to tell all these girls. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't bother me so I get tickets. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. Don't bother me. The suitant will fight us, he will win. If you like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget to like, don't forget we got the jack of this giant we're shocking we're doing I'm not a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a child, I'm a We've got 32 boats, you get to 600, you never thought we could do that, they did your life. See, you're a little faith and if you would like to put your most of the grindstone instead of worried about that Marlon ball game. Well, we could have got what? 600, 700. No. 6, 8. Why not? We still got a shot. Okay, let's stay on the way. 800 boats, send a pull. Yeah, stay on the midnight. That's 12 minutes and we need 32. What do you got on yours? I got 56, 8. 56, 8. Not that it's important or anything like that, but I mean, this should be a 5. 69. Look at that. They're trickling in one by each. So let's just see if this audience came come through. Okay, the worst place you've ever driven a car, they've got, I mean, they just got it locked up, but just click on something there. Okay, let's see what we can do it. But make this feel like we really accomplish a minute. We're no problem. The church of England yesterday found itself in a potentially embarrassing position of telling its clergy that if they entered civil partnerships under new government legislation, they would have to pledge to remain silent. Oh, God. No. Oh, ordinance and vickers will apply to register their relationships with same-sex partners can expect to be called to explain themselves. A house of Bishop statements said, partnerships will be widely seen as being predominantly between GAM as being people in sexually active relationships. Members of the clergy encend their coordination with decide-winner and the partnership must expect to be asked for assurances that the relationship will be consistent with teaching. It is understood that several Bishop's of already said privately they have no intention of asking their clergy above other relationships are sexual or not even the ones with the altar boys. Looking distinctly uncomfortable announcing the policy of the right, Reverend Graham James Bishop of Norwich and System, there's not any intention to pride the lives of clergy if they question to be faithful to the teaching of the church, you take what they say to be the truth. And you keep your nose out of their robes. The statement which the Bishop claimed not a month of a change of policy had been forced on a church by the civil partnership sack which comes into force in December and will enable same-sex partners to register their relationships. This causes the feeble these for a church already ribbon by the Queen in splitting controversy over gay clergy. Conservatives as mercy and Africa and the U.S. already detect the clarification of the church of England over the issue. The statement says, Now how suspicious is not regarding entering the civil partnership as intrinsically incompatible with Holy orders provided the person concerned as willing to give her sure answers to his or her bishop that the relationship is consistent with the standards for their clergy. In other words, no touchy, you feel you. Okay? Not even any AJ feeling. Publication of the statement appears to indicate that the truth does share the assumption that civil partnership shall be like. It may be sexual. It's current teaching is that while lay people may have gay partners, lay may be gay. The clergy cannot claim the liberty to enter into sexually active, home-of-file relationships. You, uh, do fairly. But if the clergy cannot adhere to church teachings, the question arises, wasn't they ought to be in Holy orders? It is not clear what would happen if a vicar did not tell the bishop a lot of a civil partnership. A bishop load pink. A gold pink. A gold pink. When asked what would constitute a sexual act of relationship, it would just pissing with qualified. He said it dependent on the circumstances. The Reverend Richard Kirkker, who general secretary of the lesbian and gay Christian movement said this statement is perfectly consistent with the church of England's policy of double bewing duplicity and disregard for decency. It be praised content once more for lesbian and gay relationships and should be rejected as unloving, unpassable, unworkable. It had another charter for lies. Well, that's what religions do the best, don't say it. They lie like crazy. Why do you need them to endorse you to, uh, you like you haven't ever laid your hands. It's okay to touch this and okay to sniff that and okay to stick over. But, uh, well, because they got a lot of experience doing it. But some supporters refused to dance if they will like you. You can love see your dishwasher. Oh boy, if I feel the tip of the tree rather than five ends, bring it up, solve these tricks. Forever. I don't know now, get one of the brand new amendments I'm so so so sorry So make it really easy if you're planning nice And I tell myself if you're speechless Tell my child to be too sad But they know freedom of speech To burn our flag For ever since the burning of the plant will continue You will see my love of promise The cow was for trance of the sea of the land With burning flags But in flames You're more of a bunch of bunch of burning flags You're supposed to get out of the US now And so burning flags But they're in the burning flags So at least there is something So we need to stop Huh? That's what I do We need only four more hosts for six hundred We can do it, we got three minutes for four boats I mean we can do that All right? Easy We could like reboot and we, this way Five ninety eight, we only need a small pair Okay, why are you doing that? And of course, there are people don't live in their kids There's no question about that More than a hundred cent of clauses in their little helpers Dance, bellowed, hoes Or maybe they even ate hoes And raised up a rapidly melting, hellowed, made or snowed Monday, if the annual World Centric Loss Converse in Copenhagen And that cute? Lovely The spider sprinkled a grain in trees And full-nored summer bloom The pop and the wells St. Nixon's cinder clauses From ten countries were in a ULTI Screwed as a gift of a three-day commission in Denmark Including a Santa for eight And a chimney climbing competition To the strains of Rudolph, the Red Nosed Rain Dear, the bearded Santa's dressed in red and white Gathered in a northern Copenhagen amusement park As dozens of servants watched, children watched in astonishment I didn't know that with that many Santa said Susciae and workfast in eight-year-old Swedish euro While all Santa's professed to be the real thing One delegate from Arizona, Washington, can make a pretty good case He legally changed his name to Santa Claus Because he said he paid it to lie to the children In that case I'm going to change my name to God Because I hate to lie to the children Hey, how do you fit out there that are offered a summer time Your parents say maybe good people may be not in some cases But nevertheless either way they lie to you like crazy With a tooth fairy in the Santa Claus And God and Jesus, any bread and Moses And the Heinemanooish, all of his credit Okay, let's see if we've been in six or five No sweat Where is the worst place you've ever driven? They'd count these 307 When's hands down your steering wheel man? New York 66, Boston 64 For our 37 See, Boris Lackod, but compared to day that's like paradise LA 37, Washington DC-20 Jamaica 13 is a good machine man In Jamaica even if he's driving on a wrong side of the road Still a good machine Tampa 12, Chicago 12, roll my 12 Don't drive there If you want to stay alive, go to Roman don't drive London 7, Paris 6, 5 Never driven in my life for Probably like little punks when you think Right, never drove outside of South Florida 4 Las Vegas 4, Amsterdam 1 And my sky, which went on by property demand There are things that have got to be big Oh, stick into the big boat Rock solid, waiting for tomorrow man A lot of pressure on you, I'm putting the I'm passing the torch to you counting on you for some I don't think I'm going there anymore And speaking of a number, he's coming up now I'm going to die When he comes to school Arizona There's no big black dog