AHHHHH! Yeah! That was real man! Meal Rogers, we came from TNT 1-5-6-2-8-8 Alright, my favorite time of the day, I get to leave. Yeah, what's going with you? Do you know that on September 21st, 1970, would you probably know this? The first money I had football game to get lost to the Brown, 31-21, and the same score. The same score they lost to the Patriots on the last one, and football. How do you like that? Yeah, like the striking twice in the same place. Yeah. So this moment I didn't know that. And the jets were on a losing side of both games. Yeah, that's what I just said. Yeah. That's what I just said. It lost 31-21 to the Browns, and then the Patriots. But anyway. So how was your lunch with Alan Cohen yesterday? Well, he spent the whole afternoon together doing what? Fetting horses. Well, what is that? We had lunch with Calder for what purpose? He's owns a stable. I know that. And he owns a big horse farm up in O'Calla. Yeah. See you guys, we just over at lunch and played horses. How did you get there? Once a money? Not me. He's a good handicap, or by the way. He's really, yes. And you know what? He's a pretty good guy. Huh. I like them. Well, he's got you one over. Yeah. A horse player was a hockey team. He was a pretty good game last night too. Like I said, the pants would beat the Bruins. Yeah, he did. Yeah. But I got home from woodbinders at a highlight. So you're phenomenal. He's in people there. You would, he disold out for Friday night. Really? Yeah. He came to straight information on attendance. And he said it's been gradually climbing. Yeah. With the winds. And you know the other thing? You disold out for Friday because it's the Frogs. Yeah. You're awesome, right? Yeah. It could have been it's 4,000 frogs there. Right. Oh, brother. But you know, they're going to make money this year. It's going to make money this year because they got a pretty low pay roll. And not anywhere near the salary. Well, and you know, they're what they're thinking of. I guess if I'm profiteering, he's looking to feed out of the trough. You know, that what they did was they saved themselves. You know, coming back after the strike, the, you know, this collective bargaining agreement is going to work for both sides. It would not so well for the flaggers. But it's going to work for the owners in a big way. Well, they're already saying that that the league is going to make money. And the cap is going to go up next year to 45 or 46 million something like that. Yeah. And of course, that again is going to like tilt right back to where it was before. And it's going to be a big, big market team like Philly and Toronto, etc. And he was saying the way things are right now that the league can be very competitive. Yeah. I guess. Of course, if you're looking at a line is kicking ass into division. But they're happy. They're playing better. He said, Horton is, you know, step up Gary Robbers's plan well. Yoke and then of course has been to rub. You're looking to win like a selfie. And so with hockey talk, bye bye everybody. I said, I have nice to new year. So that by the way, the coach will be on next Tuesday. Jock Martin. Yes. Oh, as in other words, he, uh, what do you mean he'll be on next week? We have nice evening usually every other Tuesday. Right. But keen and it's going to be in Vancouver. Oh, we will have the coach have to throw that frog Jack Martin on. Well, let's go ask him how he lost all those playoff games in Ottawa. It's okay. It's a period of team. I'll say we have a question from Neil and Toronto. Yeah. How come you choked in Ottawa every year, Jock? I think I got a nice team. I said that at the beginning of the year. They didn't jell very well. But now they're even more, more ten jell and I had a nice school last night. They're playing pretty good. Shocked did not, uh, you know, did not panic when they were losing all those. Well, I got news for you may say that, but there was a lot of rumors when they were in the, Oh, yeah, when they were in, uh, with the ass into that tailspin man. When they went on a road and like keen and went on the trip, that is correct. See, I'm keen to be able to go to bigger and better things like 2 a.m. So I was sitting there losing it woodbind. I was trying to conjure up in my mind what this meeting was and with Alan Coln was all about. I didn't know you were going to the track. I really wasn't a meeting. You were so happy to be able to get to you. You made it sound like there was something sinister involved, you know, nothing to mention. So I was too bad. Because I was thinking, well, maybe he's going to buy the radio station and then pay me off. You know, you know what I thought would be a good idea. I understood him to buy the station in the morning. I was thinking about it. No, not pay you off. Yes. But that he buy the radio station and we clean house and get rid of the people we don't. Or are you out here anyway? Well, is that for good business sake or is that just for, I was spying? What's the difference? It's at R.A. I don't care about the business. It's his money. I couldn't squander in any words. Yeah. The previous administration. There you go. Well, it's kind of hard though to sell a station when you don't have a license. Isn't it? Well, there's a little bit of a technicality. What happens if you don't have a license? You get stopped. Like driving a car without a license? Yeah, exactly. It's kind of hard to sell something that you don't have because when you sell a radio station, you're selling the broadcast like you're selling a license. Your asset. Our license is in limbo. It's still doing the limbo rock. And then, and like anything else, you can't get a straight answer about anything. So as each day goes by, before I go on the year, you're very, very, and some people come in. And the rumor is that everybody in the building is like walking on egg shells because nobody's got any clue what's going on, including clearance, whose is clueless is ever. And nobody has a clue, which is so classless, man. It's so typical of this business, you know? We're all just a bunch of p-ons. Never mind, man. I think you know what? I think you sky and I think that we can be friendly enough that I can course them into doing the Suity one gear rid of it. Yeah, and I thought we're going to get Alan Cohen to buy the radio station. Yeah, so, and we'll make a list. Now, tell me that that didn't come up in a conversation yesterday. About him buying a radio station? No. Oh. We talked about you a little bit. Oh boy, I bet he's a big fan of mine. You know what? Not. Why? He's, you know what? He's got the right attitude. Well, well, what is that? You can already know. I'm not so ready to show. Yeah, and doesn't bother. What doesn't bother me that I ripped him an ass? Yeah. Because he thinks he knows something. See, this year we find the left out to the hockey people and they brought in some good players. Right. And they got a good balance of veterans in young players. Yeah, you know what he had knowledge of these been learning as he's gone along. Yeah. You were like this guy. I'm not kidding you. Okay. If he's got a lot of money, I'd like to ask. Exactly. So what did he say about me? I'm curious now that you brought that up. He heard you when you were ripping him. Yeah. You know what? He's got the right approach to it. Some people when you ripped them, they go over the top. You know, when they start taking it out on other people. You mean like Wayne? No. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. Yeah. And I see how long did that take? He was the furthest thing for he's not even on today. Yes. And you're hoping that that trend continues. So another reason I don't know about what you're trying to say is let's get Alan Cohen to buy this station. First of all, most contracting inspires him. Mark. Now this is already the end of the year is over. This is my last show of the year today. Are you on tomorrow? Yeah. Oh, well, happy new year. I got the worst contract in the place. But I'm all one day. I'm taking my mom off Monday too. So I'll see you today. But anyway, so it's my last show of the year. Happy new year to you too. Yeah. So other than Mo, who else would you like to blow out since we're mentioning names now? Well, sales sales. How about the Curtis Raymond Burr? That would be long before I'd worry about Mo. I'd get his ass out. We need a sales manager, man. That's right. That's Raymond Burr. You mean old iron size? Diffy. Yeah. That's the situation back there. I think you know what. Our Raymond Burr is iron head. Let me give you an example. Now I noticed I was listening one morning and you had for Christmas Vermont Teddy Bear. Yes. Okay. You had a couple of spots for them. You know, I'm going to use I've been doing that spot for Easter and Christmas and whatever. Me too. They went around this show. They weren't here. I mean, I mean, this last time before Christmas. They were going to run this here. I don't get that. There, no, I don't either. Everything is falling to the cracks because the left hand back there hasn't got any idea what the right hand is doing. People keep leaving and flying out the door. Nobody's got it. And everything just gets dropped. Everything just falls through the cracks. And they're running around back there talking crap like, oh, well, our rates are too high. We don't get response for crying all this other crap. Well, anybody that's not added to that attitude doesn't belong in the building. Right. And that's the kind of losers we're having off the street. Really sad. So a lot of new people back there. Yeah. Every time you turn around, every time I would come to our sales staff turns around. Every time I would come to our sales staff turns around. Every time I would come to our sales staff turns around. The kids do a few shows there. They would march in at least one or two people. Oh, I want you to meet Billy. We want you to meet the so-and-so. This one on that one. And who the hell are these people? What do they know about any of us? So this radio station and he answered his zilch. Absolutely zilch. Well, we have two minute breaks now. Oh, I got all threeies today. I think. I got a lot of good. Thank God for those tradeouts. Oh, you got higher numbers. You should have more of something. Yeah. I'll share. I got higher tradeout numbers. Somebody must have a lot of Rolex watches laying around. I'll tell you that. My God. That thing must run 45 times a show. Oh, you got the Rolex. Oh, you got the Rolex watches? No, I don't have the watches. I just have the spots. Oh, I actually have two four minute breaks today. Let's hear it. All right. For that fantastic sales and then fat boy refuses to get me copied. And in the yard story, there is something's going on with his family. They're all exploding from fat or something like that. I don't know what's going on there or so. They've all got excuses, but there's nobody around. If I would have known this, that is just said, okay, after I come back from Amsterdam, I'll just recuperate for a week and take the whole week off. We're really not broadcasting this week. We're just faking it. We have an empty parking lot downstairs. That's what I heard. Even Clarence said he said this place is a ghost town. I would never have had the beef with the win of the parking lot was in the shape. Yeah, she probably would still be there. You know, something I don't want to like lay it on your fat shoulders, Mr. But you know, she would probably still be there for wasn't for all the grief and angst that you caused lovely screw in at pitch. I'm proud of it. I mean, everything you said was true, but you could have said a nice thing. And it beats you miserable slut stuff like that in a very nice tone. Yeah, exactly. Instead of flying off the handle and getting all emotional and getting your blood pressure up, not good for it. I know yesterday I was in oven to read trying to get out of trying to get off oven to a bullet of order. Yeah, I'm going to cops screwing it up there. And I heard some guy yell, you know, the window open because it was cool. And I heard some guy yell, something in the cop yells back at him. Who your pepper, or you're going with me? And I'm thinking going where your kid's good luck. Can't get out of there. Yeah, I was tempted to say that to the cop, but I thought, you know, I don't want to get suspended again. Exactly. You're saying arrested to the sentence on the outside. Exactly. All right. Well, colon is going to buy QA and let's start that. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. We don't find her going upset. He could afford it. I'll say that. See, I can't see. I mean, this is just me guessing. You might as well, inject your nobody can criticize any of us for Conjectoring because nobody's telling us anything. So all we can do is sit around and guess what's going on. But the fact that long time, you know, all the established people like Ray Perry is out to do already and certain other people are being like Demoted and pushed one step toward the door. That's a tender right there that the old regime is over with. So that whole business with Frank Sinatra and my way. That was just a last of the way is saying goodbye without things that are going to be a good decision. So you can call these a corporate decision. Well, that's what I'm saying. He's gone. So. And that voluntarily either, in spite of what it'll be like on Shula again, there'll be a memo that will come out and say, Greg Reed is, uh, we're very sorry to announce that Greg is leaving our company and to pursue other interests and we thank Greg for all these years of year. And that's what's going to happen. It would be great to be able to find, you know, some fish should would, to just got a big bank roll that you could bring in here and buy the place. And then yeah, and it was, I think it was on the beastly's and up the two and they're, they're insane. They're obsession with Greg and all the bummers he's made these last several years. I can't see them being able to operate this place without him. In other words, who are they going to bring in that they're going to have the same trust and confidence? Yeah, it was me. Yeah, we'll run a joint. Yeah. Now, what kind of cars he was? He got a Cadillac. Oh, yeah. We, that would be my first move. Okay, well, I got my two Corvats. You didn't have the Cadillac. I haven't infinity. I'm happy with it. Who gets the Jaguar? I know what, Warren Henry has Jaguars too. I could, well, there you go. I good. Get one of those. I could have one of these. Here's the deal, parents. It's not personal as business, but you're back to being sports-lucky. Okay, I've got higher like a real program director. Yeah, with all due respect. I mean, he's like drowning in a sea of incompetent. I mean, he's just over his head. I'll take care of clients. I'll make sure he has a job. Yeah, there you go. Maybe I'll put him in jail. Or something. Yeah. I told him that yesterday, I said, he's for it. You're going to be good in sales. And then this morning, to make him feel better, I said, oh, you're going to be a great GM. Might as well. He could have a general manager, just like Howard Primer was PD and KT. I told him that story. That's a great story. Yeah. Waiting in a hallway to get fired and the program director quits and he goes in there. She says, hey, Howard, how would you like to be the program director? That's a true story. That's a clever story. Wow. What's the hell was your name? Well, I wish to have the senator from Nevada. Yeah, I know who you're talking about. I was trying to say, well, tell you. Next time you have the same guy. Yes. And he told me, I forgot. I should have written it down. Yeah. He'll tell you that story in detail. Of course it was long after he departed, but it's most amusing. Well, I hope you have a very happy new year. Happy new year, sir. Happy new year to Sid Lavigne. Oh, yeah. They're other. Great people in the business. I can't think of too many of them. Gary Laura has happy new year, Gary. Who else do we like in a business? Anybody else we know? Everybody else I knew is dead. Did you know it? I can't very well. Boy, Dick was great. Now, there was a see, that's a very unusual thing. A radio guy. What a concept. I mean, yeah, he wasn't his background. Wasn't sales, but he was into programming. And he was sitting and have lunch with the in brain storm and make all kinds of moves. He was a fascinating. Well, he had a television background, too. Oh, did he? Yeah, he ran channel 13. And it was a New York station based in Newark. He also had a circus background. I don't know if you know that or not. I didn't know that. Yeah. But I ran into, I think he was, I think I ran into his widow, not too long ago. Yeah. Having breakfast someplace. You know, his name was Richard Rose. Yeah. Was his real name? See, I was an advertising when I first met the castor. And he was a taste of him. I had a lot of people call on me. That guy was the best sales person. Yeah. I've ever dealt with in any media type. He was an amazing guy. That was a lot of fun boy building that station. I was just, and he let us all be a part of it. You know, as opposed to this paranoid, to keep everybody in the dark, everything's a big secret. You know, that's what goes on a QA. And it's very unpleasant. And now we got a whole staff. And mostly good people. You know, we joke about this one and that one and, Generally speaking, we got a lot of good people. Yeah, that's so joke. And they deserve better than to be like, all left in Lingo, like, you know, Well, somebody's got a big ego. And what does that mean that Acty put on it? It's not right. It's just not right. Especially holidays and everything else. People got families. All these things. But nevertheless, you know what? It's interesting, though, you know, when somebody is let go before Christmas and everybody says, ah, how can you let somebody go before Christmas? So what's the difference if you wait two weeks? Right. Exactly. It's the idea that they're letting them go. It's just like giving an extra stuff as the Chinese say, a little stab in the back, you know, And not only are we firing your ass, but we're doing it right before the holidays to destroy what Ordinary may be a pleasant time of the area. And yeah, like a little extra stuff as the Hungarians say. Okay. On that note. Yes. I think we got, I think we, listen, not that you're bonding with Alan Cohen, Tell them that all is forgiven. The passes are playing great like I expected. Well, this is the way I thought they would play a little longer play very good. Hey, invite me to come out and watch a game in the sweet. I mean, what can I do? You're not going out and watching any high world. Do that. Can we make that crap? I'll take you with me when you're in town. We're not sure you're screwing you will. I will. Dr. Gerl. I don't, I don't need you to go see the hotpot. I understand that. I expect. It's for, you know, but I wouldn't mind spending an evening with you at a hockey game. If I had to go to the track at Pomp and O Park. Okay. We'll do that in the much better time. What do that instead? Okay. I'm going to go see my friend Derek. They're very soon as a matter of fact. Just let that go. I'm not too often ready. Our prayer mutual friend Derek. Okay. Derek knows where the bodies are buried. Believe me. In fact, maybe I'll sit in the fat-rich memorial seat. Okay. No, I know, sir, so when you think about that, isn't that appropriate? They should not seat for him there. Huh? No, but seriously, do that in the press body. If you would ever ask him and I'm not joking because I knew him for over 20 years, we went to the track together. Oh, I know that. If he had to choose a place to dial, I'm sure he would have, you know, not want to do with that way, but it would have been right there at the track. Now I think he had the super or something like that. He had the winning ticket in his pocket. And then, well, we all over on the table face first. And that was it. Yeah. I would prefer champagne room. Of course, I've had a lot of my horses croaking the stress, but that's another story. And anyway, have a great meal. Yeah. It's been fun. It's your meal. And we're still here. I think I got to another one. I got to remember one. The fat old Jews are still here at QA and my other guys have got there. Oh, share across the street talking a lot of crap. We're still a kick-and-ass. Alright. See you Tuesday. Best to you. Bye. Oh, RAD! Sports Labs? Hey, boy, how did it go? We can control it, don't you? No, see here. No, see here. No, see here. Pants. Are essential to a man's attire? No, no, no, no, no, I got all kinds of things for my parents. The machines, it didn't do to do to dingle berries. Who knows what I'll find in that, and many things have been said about my pants? They may not be wearing any now, but that's only cause and a flurry of excitement I sold them. But bit more for parents. Fred Moitz, a James Koko. Ta-ma! And another thing. Pupit more for hygiene. Some are as evil on this new whip-le. And I think you damn the answer to that one. And while I'm on the subject of sports, who did more for the Dalton's offense? Flow more wasn't all? Well, Mr. Kittle. Let me do something else, I think I'm fine for smoke. Who did more for Glade Missed Bethroom spray? Poor hay, thug a door and run regist? They were a biennity. And... Danine. Get away! You can't insult this, I'm the fact, see it. If Joyce will lead die! Wait, wait, there's your go. You can't go nowhere! I'm not the... Pfft! Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's a beautiful thing, isn't it? That's good. So I guess parents' expressions are played a lot of bits today, so I guess we'll do that, so keep your finger on that yellow button, because you never know what's going to pop up like that thing with a Hummer boy yesterday. That was a very... That was my band. Yeah, well, you're bad. I never realized that there were... Well, I... I'm banged on it several times in a button too. 10, 17, at 5, 60, that's almost time for the second break, you know? That was a good cross over day. We made up for the previous couple of days when I was in a coma. And I was in excellent cross over a lot of inside stuff. That's what the audience likes. They like to be... They like to feel like they're on the inside of the abyss, you know? Getting some real... And of course the audience knows exactly as much about what's going on in a QM as we do, which is nothing. Zipo. Hey, the truth is, when you dare to compare, you'll see why Ford is still a vessel in brand of vehicles in the USA. And it's not for the only Ford dealer to shop at is Armstrong Ford of Homestead. The holidays are here, maybe your car was damaged during Wilma, or maybe you just want a new ride. Whatever your story is, now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich. And let David put your ass behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford. Because right now, Armstrong Ford Homestead, they have fantastic officers and incentives waiting on you. Get yourself a thousand dollars cashback, or financing as low as 0% on a 4,500 or freestyle. Get $5,000 cashback on a slower rest edition. How about $2,000 cashback on a skate and $2,500 cashback on poker, certain restrictions applied? When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program, whoever heard it such a deal, but they have it at Armstrong Ford waiting on you right now. tires and batteries for life. David Rich and the staff will guarantee you the best price and because Armstrong Ford Homestead is locally owned and operated, you'll get treatment like you only dreamed of before they'll feature like family with velvet gloves, because they want to make you a customer for life and have to come back again and again. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch, no phone to deal. So do yourself a big favor to save a lot of cash. Call David Rich at 305, 2, 4, 7, 51, 12 and tell David you want the Neil Deal. Armstrong Ford Homestead, you'll find a material of 725 South, Dixie Highway, 20 easy minutes out to the old 836. Check them on the way at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a few miles back to the save thousands and billions of dollars on the best deals going anywhere at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. You do not belong here today in Turkey. Both will get back, please. This is an ABC news special report. Let's go to President Bush. He's an ageer addressing the Chinese President in fact right, is in this nation's name. Paiza. Unlike seasonal bullgarh, up in Chinese, or is he studying English? He's saying, next Mr. Dahl. Both are starting to understand. Chinese is a little rusty, but the Chinese President just called George Mr. Boopie pants. That's the time that's gone. That's been a presentation of ABC news. Anyway, I'm a words of religious sermon at the end. Anyway, you know, you're speaking of religious sermons, your fat ass governor who was obsessed with Terry and her Q, which was one of the very big stories of the year. Floor to governor fat ass, you have Bush's portrayed himself as a friend of science going so far as to spearhead a deal to bring an arm of the prestigious scripts resurgence to to South Florida, but don't count on him to defend one of the pillars of modern sciences the same P times today. Bush said last week he didn't think Darwin's theory of evolution. In the part of the state's public school science standards, according to an account in the Harold. I think people have different points of view and they can be discussed in school fat ass Bush said they don't need to be in the curriculum. Points of view. Bush's comments came in response to reporters questioned about a corraling in Pennsylvania on intelligent design which holds that life out of his two complicated, to been created by chance, like those mosquitoes, for example. And it was pesky little aradal snakes. On Tuesday, Bush folksman Rushhall Shwish, clarified Bush's position somewhat, evolution is a scientific theory and he's not opposed to a being taught in classroom Shwish, but he doesn't think it should be necessarily dictated in the standards. There is whatever fairy tales you want to believe that's okay too. Florida science standards didn't mention evolution by name but do reference some of its core principles that were slated to be reviewed next year, but state education officials decided a few weeks ago to postpone the process till 2007 or 2008 or 45 weeks from circus or Bush, a forbicent Catholic who personally believes God created life out of it, also thinks science teachers should have some discretion to discuss any scientific theory Shwish said, but didn't know what the Bush would put until the design that category and Bush refused to comment on the issue. You're fine as governor. But he's still very a wildly popular because the people are massaculous in Florida. That's probably why most of you are still there. Now do you think we're going to get any calls today or what? Yeah, why not? We've been doing pretty well so far this week. Yeah, but I don't know. Yeah, you can mean kind of and by the way, it's fast Eric the new pool already. You might want to give him a note in the box there. I'm sure he can hear us because it looks like we're streaming. We're streaming over here. So anytime he wants to get around to put that new one up there because I'm probably put it up a little sooner than one I did yesterday. Okay, as we got some stuff to add to it. Anyway, let's take care of yesterday's first or is it today? Is well, well, yeah, today's pool. What have had a 2005 was the most significant to you? We got 1336 votes. That's not too bad. Considering Hurricane will look 453. Gas going over three bucks a gallon, which was a late addition, but it moved up nicely and it was drawn second place 236 Republican scandals in indictments 206. Hurricane Katrina 179. I had no sex life on 38. I got late a lot, 46, which is Josh and 45 of this friends. Terry Shivoh, the debate on her cube. Only 23. I thought that would have done better when you. Yeah, did slots get okay in Broward 19. Pope John Paul the two thighs and get slept around on a slab 18. John Roberts appointed the Supreme Court 13 and he wrecked the elections only five. You see, nobody cares about Iraq. In fact, that we had no business carrying about Iraq in the first place. You know, let them lose their souls. Let them worry about their own problems over there. They had it so much better under Sodom and now we got all these people dying and all this bloodshed chaos and bombings and terrorism. Yeah, at least he had things in order pretty well. He had them under his thumb, you know. But nevertheless, all look at that the phones are actually ringing out. It's kind of shocking. I mean, I only have a few bedtime stories. So probably play a lot of stuff. Last year Rodgers showed 2005. Oh, he didn't have the to bed of a year all the way around. And okay. Yeah, okay. Deputy QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, do a man. I'm doing it. Happy Hanukkah. Back to you. Happy to Newtka. Exactly. Hey, I haven't actually called you for a while. But I want to tell you that. Even though all these things are going against books, like all these things, all these things, they're just push all the poles in the 30s. And you know, you see these idiotic morning shows. They pick one pole or he's again the 40s. And they mark on that. Like suddenly. The minute his number is 12 to their lowest level. That's all the media could talk about was the big comeback. Oh, well now the comeback. You know, like, uh, welcome back. All you, you, you've started. Yeah, listen. You did the same thing. You started the same thing. That Nixon was found that I'm the commander of Chief of the San Jose articles. Like I read the articles. There I get up here and I get up to wires and meet you. I'm the commander of Chief and do whatever I want. And here's, here's what really kind of focused different me. Is that a friend of mine read seen in a while was a bush liquor. Right. I was given them a ride. We were invited to get us. You know, I'd home and we, I kind of just stayed with the popters of this guy because he said to moron about everything. And he brings up because yeah, I go to a business. You must be laughing about bush. And I go, well, I go, I don't know how you could say anything about this. What he says to me. Well, I'll admit this. Bush is a moron, but I still think we did new rappers right though. Because, you know, they were there with red sauce. Yeah. I was, I was stopped the car and maybe we'd get out. Even when we were in the middle of nowhere. We're waiting for the day. It's as candid as it is like the Paul Martin's attitude. They might be mad. I just look at the guy and look at the, and the best few people out there. And then you, what is the matter with these people? And what does what does he have to do to be clear people are finally standing up? Don't you know, they always say water seeks its own level or likes to track. Those people are dumb. They're covered in sod dust and he's dumb. So, don't I'm dangerous, baby. I'm scared of showers for that for the, for the upcoming lunches. But you know, they got to, they know they're going to win. I mean, I'm scared. And this is ridiculous. Well, they do a good job. We're going to once in Iraq. So why not to once here in November, well, it's a good luck to you, pal. I'll see you today. I love you, man. Bye. Bye. Bye. 10 27 a Q and we got no mode today. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, geez. We got Curtis to the full instead of mode. Then we got guilty of the several hard rock, uh, cafe between forward six, 30. The Roberto LaWango show from Doris to Teddy market and where, which one, one in the plantation, maybe, uh, choral springs. That believe choral springs, like I said, that's 60 to seven. Hey, Bobby, you let him some really greasy goals last night. Not to good. A hurricane hotline at Bernie Coast. There's at seven nine o'clock. It's the FedEx Orange Bull College football show and tend to do it. It's just the angular, a big improvement over what we hit online. This is Neil Roger. This is five 16 team. Hey. Yo, yo, let's grateful. Three, the old big child. But we're doing this now. We've asked the time away in the game. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Tired of being embarrassed by asking what everyone is saying. Loud or loud or until you can hear? I said, louder and louder until you can hear. Loud or louder. It's really good here. Hey, a mask in your son's head. What do you guess? I'm trying to tell you on this radio spot about your hearing. Your hearing. Listen, William. Get this thing and you'll be able to hear me tell you about this. Hey, David. What the hell is wrong with you? Hey, I'm wasting my time. Well, I won't go any good to tell you this. But board an air air can't be able to fire now. And receive a free box of cute tips. Oh, maybe they got Waxy build up. 1032 and 566. Oh, look at that. We got some dead people over there in the Middle East again. What a surprise. Really shocked. Just in half of the holidays. Most companies interviewed about the government back nine, eleven loans. They received have told investigators. They weren't hurt by the suicide attacks. I didn't know they were getting terrorism assistance. Biggins in loans went to businesses that weren't hurt by the attacks. And as the government once again, piece of away your money, like it's water coming out of a faucet. The small business administrations inspector general also reported yesterday that lenders who build out billions of dollars in such loans failed 85% of the time to document that recipients were actually hurt by the terror attacks and therefore eligible for the federal aid. Oh, here you want some money? There you go. The IG, the agency's internal watch, talking, took it only nine long recipients in the 59 cases sampled appear to be qualified for the special disaster loans. The reports at SBA officials told lenders they wouldn't be questioned how they gave out money. We believe these communications were intended to and did send a message. Like said in the message to Joey Zaza, send a message to lenders that the agency wouldn't question lender of eligibility determinations in Inspector General said. Investigate reports of Stanti is key findings in AP story in September that found similar problems with SBA supplementary terrorist activity relief program star. Star. The AP found that terrorism recovery loans went to businesses including a South Dakota radio station. Oh yeah. A Virgin Islands perfume shop, a Utah dog boutique, and more than 100 duck and donuts in subway sandwich shops and various locations. I'd be like that. Well you're probably happy about the Dunkin Donuts. Yeah. Meanwhile small businesses near ground zero in the York couldn't get assistance that they disperse on. SBA administrator, Hector Burrito, put the best space on the fighting, saying they ought to didn't find that the loan recipients were unqualified for the program although he didn't note that lenders documentation could have been better. His statement, however, was calculated by Senator Olympia Snow of Maine, chairwoman of the Senate Committee that oversees the SBA. These initial findings are troubling and the committee will continue with its own investigation of star program to get it to truth and inform Congress for the future, etc. The I.s. report found that only 2.42 borrowers interviewed were where they had obtained a star alone. In cases where eligibility couldn't be established 25 at a 34 borrowers interviewed said they weren't adversely affected by the terror attacks. And 36 out of 42 borrowers questioned said they weren't asked or couldn't be called if they were asked about the impact of the attacks under Venice. The reports that I.g. investigators were told by lenders that their participation originally was low because of unclear requirements. SBA officials then embarked on a vigorous marketing campaign and lenders interpreted their remarks to mean that every small business could claim was somehow impacted by the attacks and therefore eligible to receive a star alone. You're a money being flushed down the credit while the public is worried about American Idol and crap like that and survival reggiana and all this garbage. Wow. The truth of the year and we're going to do something about it on some stupid ass radio show. I don't think so. Is Eric in the chat room or not? Is he awake? Is he alive? Yeah, he's in the chat room. Because I don't see. I told him to do you know to post it on the pulse which he said he was having connection problems. So action problems with one with life computer computer. He's having connection problems with a computer. Oh no. He's already got it up there. See, just as I said that every time I treat every time you try to make him look bad, he shows you up. Well, it's not me. I love Eric. Eric does a phenomenal job. Even though he can be very irritating and annoying, but he's a great. And you kind of think it's the computer thing. I think there's this rivalry between computer nerds. That's what it is. That must be it. Five, six, seven. Come on. Let's take a whole bunch of calls. It's the last show of the year for me, man. We got George tomorrow and Monday. Well, we got out with you know, who was saying that? Was it you? I think you said it the other day in your right. It's been. It's been more months than we can count since you actually went to a whole week on a station. Would like to pristine regular lineup on your everyday. Just, well, well, what's going on here? I said, I said, actually, I don't think you can go an entire five days with. No, cool. I mean, this week not even close. This week, we don't even have one day because mad dogs ought to let us to their until a new year. This is like a your patchwork radio station, okay? Two minutes and seems going to be on today. But then again, when you've got everybody leaving and all sorts of people being demoted and shoved to the door and don't let the door hit you in the ass and a way. And just a general nightmare going on around you. And what would you expect? They ought to kiss the rabbit. Anybody shows up just like you heard me asking parents about the book of Brian bits and Oh, well, what? He's cool. I guess we're going to listen to this now. Huh? We're just playing. By am playing and we already heard two of them. I am just playing them. But that's another part of his, we see instead of just making up stupid schedules and write about ball games and doing UM basketball on that crap. Now he's going to have to actually do a little programming a little bit whatever is capable of which isn't much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's not personal parents. We like you lot and the J. You are really looks good on you. But boy, you are way out of your leagues sweetheart. Pound five, 60 and he Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Hello, little. Yes, sir. Hey, I've been new year too. Back to you. Thank you very much. I was just listening and thinking about the Iraqi democracy over there. And I was thinking it's going to happen right away. And when you really think about it, it took almost 400 years after the English. Hello. I'm here. I'm listening. You're still, I'm sorry. I'm still here. Well, okay. I'm still here. Well, okay. I'm still here. Oh, yes. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. I just tried to radio going. No, I was thinking it took 400 years for the United States to have a democracy. We have a democracy. I thought that was that went out in 2000 with the first face relation. That's true, too. But we tried to add a chip 400 years after everybody had equal rights here in this country. And we should expect it to happen overnight over in the Iraq unbelievable. No, he doesn't. That's he doesn't expect anything to happen. It's just, they're just looking for a, to say face. They're looking for a way out. We caught him with our hand in the cookie jar. We know that they put us all those troops in their base on lies. And now they're trying to find a convenient way to get that out. And where's the bottom? And the Kurds by the way, we had a store in our website. The Kurds are moving south and they want to let Koke up to all day. They're own two of the oil fields in the civil wars already going on there. It's just a matter of moments. All right, I believe it. I would like to them. Thank you. That was good. I'd like to hear our troops. I'm going to tell you about the new poll for tomorrow on the weekend. Well, I mean, Georgia probably put one up for the weekend. Okay. When you think I would think like Georgia would put up a poll. It's goes, which of these dot dot dot and then that's it, you know. But he likes doing that stuff. It's easier than doing a real poll. Don't be not in George now behind his back. I'll all squeal. Okay. You want to find a result on this? I do. I know, you know, what event of 2005 was the most significant to you? Hurricane Womaphord, right in 60. Gasko over three bucks a gallon, 243. Republican scandals and indictments and there are so many. 210. Hurricane Katrina 181. I had no sex life on 41. I got laid a lot only 46. That's why there's so many unhappy people in Florida. Terry and her. 25. Slots get okay in Broward, 19. That's not too big of a deal of these people, I guess. Pope John Paul the two thighs would have nice little slippers on 18. John Roberts appointed a Supreme Court in between doing CBS evening news. 13 and a lack of elections. Solumenty Cinco, Cinque. Five out of 13, 763. Now he magically, thanks Eric. Now you can just go back to better do make some money. Do something useful Eric. So he's probably happy that we got that out of the way. Now we doesn't need to, we got no. Because you're going to have to add one on your right away. Okay. What's your number one wish for 2006? The one we need to add is QAM gets sold and he'll get paid off. So I can vote. Okay. That's my number one wish for 2006. That the bees leaves finally decide, well we don't know anything about radio, and especially we are clueless. So they're going to sell to a bunch of, to a bunch of our business Christians man, and the last person they'd want on here would be me. So they'll just pay me off a few minutes and for the last three years and bye-bye. See ya. Yeah. What a nice. And of course you would George, if you'd like to make a lot of money out there in the street corner. This is Neil Rogers. Well, this is 5.62. 8. I do believe that sucks. Why do I drink so much? If you're using your tape resistance, when the ball comes down, I'll be on the ground. I'll be with all it. I can't believe my liver's not the bees, and I can't sell a A. Don't like to buy your bees, end up a year means a vendor, fund up our tender, bring them a vendor, who knew he is doesn't end up? I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll blow chump. I'll pretty chump. I'll be killed again. If you're using your mom's cooking, don't remember eating fat, and when did I eat fat? When did I eat fat? When did I eat fat? I'm pretty sure I'll be using your cooking. If you're using your mom's cooking, don't remember eating fat, when did I eat fat? When did I eat fat? I'm not my fat. In other words, New Year's coming. I think you've got to be trying to say 10.44 a QA in happy New Year. Or not as a case may be, some people are like, I'll be happy when the whole thing is over. I just am so tired of this time of the year. I want to sound like the Grinch or Scrooge or like that. I just, it's just a pain in the ass. 29 votes on the New Pool. That's enough to exciting. What's your number one wish for 2006? Here's what we have so far. We can add lots more to it depending on what you wish for. In Pete's George W. Bush 10, what does surprise that's leading? Isn't it? Yeah. When the lot of 07, to have lots of sex 5, QAm gets sold and he'll get paid off too. Oh yeah. Thank you so much. Whoever else voted for that. Good health too. Of course whoever else voted for that probably wants me off the air. But that's okay. Thank you anyway. Democrats, we've elections too. Peace out with one. Get a divorce. Get a better job. All our troops come home. None. None for all our troops come home. Wow. That is pathetic. You know what? That's tragic. Zero for all our troops come home. Well, we don't know who any of them are. Ever since we saw Tucker and He was like... You know you're a little kid. Don't, no. After early... F That's good. essas. Dick Clark, who suffered a stroke last December, is suffered too, actually, but they're trying to keep the second one a secret, a massive one. Last December, won't be in a wheelchair when he appears on ABC's New Year's Rock and Eves' Coach Ryan Seekrest. It'll be 76 year old Clark's first TV appearances as stroke, which forced him to bow out of last year's show. I'm not a doctor and I'm not his wife, so I don't see him on a daily basis, but he will not be in a wheelchair on the telecast. Seekrest will AP Rapew and a recent interview. Seekrest will make his debut as a co-host of mirrors and he's special, said Clark has gotten better and better each day. I don't think he's 100%. Maybe he's not good in me. Yeah. But I think he's better than he was last week and better than he was six months ago. As for Clark's voice secret, I said, it's not exactly as it probably sounded when he was his healthiest in the stroke, but it definitely sounds like Dick. And I think that he's been working on his speech and making sure that as soon as it can be on that night. I know that he's one of the most driven and focused individuals on the planet, the 31 year old Seekrest said, Clark, and so when he puts his mind as something, and he's going to be doing it. Seekrest and Clark will appear from New York to the ball world drop and the co-host told me that we'll like her and perform at the Hollywood this segment of the show. I was just saying about that. Oh, we got to be out there and LA watching the balls drop. And it probably won't be the first time. That is really something. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's your number one wish for 2006? Got a whole bunch of things we can probably put on there. Maybe we'll actually get a couple. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you doing? Pretty good. Excellent. I've got two things for the ball. OK. One is obviously a long and healthy life for you. And number two, you get a written subject on the air. How about that? OK. All right. Thank you so much. So hold your hand. I'll put it on there. Thank you. OK. Get a written subject on the air. You got it? Got it? Or is that subject in Rick? We want us to put such in Rick. Put whatever you want on there. OK. So you know, December 29th, last year, or do you put whatever you want? We like such a lot of new show, Rick. And you know, 5, 6, 7. By the way, how's that? How are the stock features doing? Rick, how's fair of value today? 5, 6, the only Verizon and SIGITOR wireless line. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, like to talk to now. Speaking. Yeah. Like the call that you said, I wish you a long and healthy life. And I wish for the 2006 or a Pink Floyd tour of your night and make a world tour. OK. Have a good one. Now you two. For Pink Floyd, do we unite? There's a guy that's really got his priorities in the right pecking order. When you think? Sounds like it's like we unite and goes on a world tour. How if you want to phrase it? I'll leave it in your delicate hands. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Don't forget, Curtis for the moment. I did two this afternoon. There's a nice change of pace for you. WQAM, hello. Okay, nice. Yes, sir? How about for a real six-first ball, healthy and happy New Year's day? Same view. And let's try, how about in teaching a bunch in a six? Thanks. Leaving the pull. That's number one with a bullet. All right. Let's go up and out. OK. Thank you. I just, on second thought, I just dumped myself. I probably wasn't a good response. Like I said, it's number one in a pull already. You have to be real, very nervous about things like that. You don't understand? Is that right? Yeah, yeah. Unless you want some visitors at your door there, which I don't think you really are interested in. 20 for imputes towards WB. When the lot of 15, a lot of some schmuck here, when almost 16 million cash last night, it wasn't me. It wasn't me. I wouldn't be here right now. I said, that I want 10 bucks. It's all. Going for 16 million, I got like 10 bucks. Not too good. What are these days when you least expect it? See, that's when it is when you're expecting to win something big. It doesn't happen. Like that old bag that won a 3.2 million casino nag, or two days ago. For dickers. Well, what do you mean, it's ridiculous? She won 3.2 million. On one point. What? On a slot machine. On a slot machine. It's a progressive jackpot, baby. It's the megabucks. Why do you think they call it megabucks? The big bucks, baby. 3.2 million. And that's cash. No tax. No annuity. No BS. When you win something here, they just hand you a check and that's it. The full amount. Packs free. As opposed to the Florida lottery, which is the most stupid. That goes to show you what a hypocrite you're fat ass governor in the legislature are. They're running the biggest scam in the history of the human race, a lot of. Well, if you win, you could either take it in one month or so, which is much less than the announced prize. Or an annuity, 20 years, you know. Well, I guess depending on the amount down here. Not everything is taxed because when my buddy won that 10 grand, they just wrote them a check for 10 grand and they gave them a room. I hate to break the news to you, but he's got to declare that. Any gambling winnings on your income tax? I mean, you know, you just don't give your buddy's name on here, but I won't. You have to declare that. Well, very good. But he's supposed to pay tax on that, but here when you win something like that, whatever it is. They just write your check and there's no tax on it. That's the way it should be. I mean, life is so short and you're very rarely ever win anything of any significance. And you win something big and you've got to like pay taxes on it. So they can flush it down the toilet and pay all kinds of 911 relief to businesses that weren't affected by it like in South Dakota radio stations. And subway, what was the other piece of it? And Duncan donuts? Come on, man. It's a lot of coffee there. Take in all of our money. Just squeezing the blood out of us, whoever like our human sponge, they just squeeze the damn life blood out of us. So they can pee away our money right down there, you'll tear it. And I'm talking about it. It's not a political thing. It's both parties. They're all a bunch of crooks. They're all having a big party. And you're a spence. Although there's people in the world in this now, if you just wait, this hang on. Help is a common. And it also is common. Remember that song? Mmm, boats is a common. Let's have a word that goes before boats. See, boats is a common. That's it. See, I finally gave a chance because the Raymond doesn't advertise and shrimp in the animal coast, but for a while now. So we've got to keep that word. Keep it polished up. Yeah. You're a polish up your. See you. 560, 560, pound five 60 Verizon, sing it a rye of the signs. You never wish for 2006. WQAN, hello. Any idea what happened to me? I'll read you to you about that money getting stuff down the dunking dough. And the dunking dough is on by the terrorist. Once you get it, push it into the terrorist. Hopefully make more bombs. Make a bomb, if you get it. Okay, great. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the effectiveness. Let's say, we should know what. Now I didn't know anything was anybody else because I hit the button. I'm just not putting that kind of crap on you know. We just don't, not a saline stay at the ear. Do we need any grief, any follow from that? Because you know what we, oh, did you hear what they said about, Oh, whoever you know, anybody who's doing business anywhere. We love everybody who's in business retail wholesale, whatever. Does anybody QAM hello? QAM. Yes. This is me. This is me. Is this happy new year? Same to you. I can't believe no one has involved in covering the troops. Oh, that's a vote for, reading the lottery. Yeah. I vote for covering the troops. Okay. And, you know, I guess it's a lot of selfish people are going. Yeah, you know, you know, you're not kidding, man. You just discovered that? I guess so. And guess what, President Lickons got a bad headache too. Listen, happy new year, Paladin, all the best. How about getting a raise for 2000s to get your raises good. Put that on there, getting a nice raise with the excellent. It's my vote. Okay, getting your raise. There's the Josh's voting. Another one. Getting a, how do we phrase it? Getting a great general manager at QAM. Okay. But you laugh at a bot. No, we liked that. We would like that. Getting somebody who would set aside their big fat ego and their pomposity and sports nerdyness and just, you know, you just want getting a good general manager. I get a good GM at QAM. Kind of has a little ring to it. Good GM at QAM. A 98 votes. What's your number one wish for the year? In Peach George W. W. Bush has got, look at how many votes. Stop to admit. I think it's a dunk and donuts thing. When the lot on 19, all our troops come all my embarrassed people. They're voting for that. Even though they don't really give a crap about our troops, which is very, very sad. 14. To have lots of sex 12, good health nine, Democrats with the election seven. Get a better job three. QAM gets sold in the August paid off. Two. That's dope. Uh, you think the voice one, peace on earth one. Pink Floyd, we didn't do that. But he put, such a brick back on the year's got none. On the first, uh, I bet you we got 100 votes. We take a puke at it. Now that we, uh, 105. See, we didn't do this pool before we wanted to lie. Why? Because it was never going to be 2006 before. Is that why? I mean, it's probably pretty good reason. 560, 0560 pound, 560, the Verizon singular wireless lines. Any big games coming up. We got the Montreal Canadian's Defrags in town. What is this quite a homestay in we got? How about that chick filet peach bowl? Yeah. You know, I don't want to pick on coach co-cad, but that's just that is so embarrassing to me. Why does he have to say that? Talk about being the ultimate chill. I mean, couldn't you just say the peach bowl? We know that all these bowl games now have these sponsors. Not everybody, but all about like that. Yeah. It's throwing a plug. But she's, you know, you just been, you're just doing like a little promo here to where the chick filet peach bowl. Get out. It sounds so tacky. It's so cheesy. Chick filet my ass. Anyway, we got the Montreal Canadians tomorrow night at the end. Look at that. Now that's right. You're right. Tomorrow's the night for the chick filet peach bowl. The Hurri Keynes and the LSU Tigers in the Chick filet peach bowl. Wow. So that's on QAM and the Panther game is on 1360 on KDL. That is scandalous. That is outrageous. The way the panthers are playing right now. Playing really hot. We're trying to generate some interest in Alan Cohen is thinking about buying a radio station and sucking up heavy duty at the track with Hank. That is really bad. Hey, we love you Alan. You're making all the right moves. The Panthers are great. We love everything they're doing. They had 25,000 people. The game last night is crazy. It's real Rogers. This is 5.16. This is the real Rogers show. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is your brain. Any questions? Hey, would you like to become a sports color commentator on plan? Time television? Why not enroll in the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting? Okay, please. Let's start at Square One. It's not a fall. It's a pink skin. Okay. It's not a plate. Feel the secret iron. Never ever call them a crowd. But you can refer to them. It's a teaming. Well, the team is kinetic and fills you. Okay. At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down to work better to which the working neck and easily relate. Okay. Class. Repeat after me. Here we come. I haven't seen blacking like that since the cavalry sequence in preparation. I haven't seen blacking like that since the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting. Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire sentence using nothing but made up words. Man, I'll let us to taste a smell of Brazil of Unfiliated Ninens 6. So if you're a fan of such legendary sportscasters in John Madden, Terry Bradshaw and John Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting. And become nothing like them. I've folks that Dennis Miller reminding you that classes would start this way. Well, I view on the air making references to the house of plans. Paginated just six weeks. But Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting. It will today be for Dennis as I'm ceremoniously fired at the end of the season. Oh yeah. Well, guess what? He likes. He likes to hold season. I don't remember. Yeah. That's how memorable it was. That was a real great experiment. That's another reason that ABC Monday and football is gone. They are between them and ESPN with rush and with Dennis Miller, some really brilliant moves there. And I go out ABC and by the way, we'll stand prayer for you to end the newscast overnight. Maybe we'll just engage in some of the good Christian wrestling sounds good. Yeah, let me know. I wish you would have seen that segment. You would have just shaken your head and wondered, I mean, what is this? I thought you really made that up on it. No, what is wrestling league? Have to do with the religion. Although, of course, a lot of lifeless people. I have no right. It is a religion. You know, the WWE and the WWE of WF and the WWE of WWW and all these other W's. Of course, there's only one W of this audience is obsessed with net is we want him out right now. Bye-bye, W. I see him peaches as now before the New Year would be good. That's leading so far in Pete George's WWE boy, 36. You know, Baba had a little hummer situation going on there. And like that, all of you, he lied about his sex life and a ride. His nose was grown like Pinocchio. And at the meantime, here's a guy that's like sacrificing over 2000 American lives. And thousands and thousands of Iraqis, they estimate, like, maybe up to 50 or 60,000 dead civilians over there, men and women and little kids. Not to mention all the people who's like missing body parts, minor things like that. Based on a pack of lies, based on a whole neocon plot and plan. That was a good article by Marine Dowd yesterday that I read about Dick Cheney. I mean, that she put her thumb right out of his usual. Cheney and Rumsfell that goes back to Ford and Bush one. And this is just a, this is part of the home and Wolfowitz and Bill Christone, all these other Nazis, man. These people, what way you've had is a bloodless cool in America, bunch of right wing elunitists, and taken over control of the government with two fixed elections in a row. And it's like the media is oblivious to it. And the public is like worried about Dick Clark really going to be on New Year's Eve in a real good house Ryan C. Chris. So it's just amazing to kind of craft that they keep people obsessed with, you know. You're out. You're not eating now, are you? That would be bad. Yeah. How could you be eating food today on this week? I'm actually going nuts today. You know, I really haven't ordered anything this whole week in. So I went to town today with, I got my house on. Yeah. But I just ordered all of this food from bread. No, that's good. Yeah. Just a good people at how he's hooked it. Or just from how he's nice to how he's reporting up with us, okay, and feeding everybody. And push me in the hand. Okay. We'd like to have him alive for the New Year. God. Does anybody Q.A.M. Hello? Hey, I'm Camille. How you doing? Pretty good. Happy New Year. And I'm back to you. My wish for the New Year is that the New Year, the older show gets syndicated nationwide. Okay. Oh, yeah. Or is that the day? Or is that the day? You must have started drinking early for New Year's. I'll tell you. Oh, God. No. No. Nothing like that. Just, you know, it sounds like a good idea. Yeah. I think it's a great idea. But then again, when you got an agent like I got, you know, it was a silly, you know. You're fair. Yeah. Maybe it's time to tea-tire ground. No, I'm just, I'm just phasing out. You know, I'm just counting down the days. But I'd love you to count, you know, count your days down, you know, to everybody on the planet. You're because everybody needs to hear the truth. Yeah. Well, they can't handle the truth. Have a great New Year's. We'd like to make a shame with the cross-trail. You should do it. Not a lot of things. Okay. That's, that's okay. Totally clean. This is clean as against. Okay, man. You killed him. Bye-bye. I'm Tom Bealsbub from motel 666. Here to tell you about our Halloween special. If you're a satin worshipper on a budget why not stay at motel 666 over Halloween night and take advantage of our special rates package. It includes a cold and uncomfortable room, plenty of floorspace for rich old ants and Vustity V said that gets the reges and Kathy Lee show. There's even a hell hole behind the bed and to top it off the manager will come by with complimentary drinks. Just specify type A type O B or A B. So bring the entire family to no child 6, 6, 6, 6 on Halloween and we'll leave a burning go-to out for you. All right. And you'll get syndicated. Get that on there too. Okay. Not gonna get any votes. But put that on there anyway. Make her happy. And she actually, and I mean, how many other people on the audience would know that bit by name when you come right down to it's a little on the obscure side. So she's a real student of this show. Maybe she stayed there before. Could be. Maybe she was hanging out with Tom Bodead. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60, leave a rise in singular wireless line. All there's your line nine. It's Josh's line. Hello, QAM. Yeah, there he is. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah, good afternoon, Otony. Good afternoon. Good evening. Yeah. I'm just wondering if for next year my wish was that one of the local teams go on defeated maybe the dolphins. Yeah. And I was trying to get to the other day for the other poor because David Spina think would give a very spirit to the run. David Spina. Yeah. Yeah. Watching your wallet. I don't think David Spina is on what's in your wallet. He's on his back. Yeah. Why didn't you know that was David Spina? Which one is David Spade? The one who's not funny. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. OK, now, Alan. I should have sent him with your friends. Yes. You remember the old movie with a wrong day? No, no, we can't play that. Good luck, you pal. Yeah, no, no, chance. No chance. George would have a nervous breakdown. She'd have a stroke right on the spot. In fact, maybe that's why we got a plan. So that's David Spade? Yeah. I never made the connection. I love those fights. I kind of like his old Chris Farley movies. Those spots are really funny, but it's not because of him. Yeah. Those are one of the best-aid campaigns I've ever seen in my life. In fact, I enjoy when I do it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. I enjoy it. It's a beautiful thing. Yes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, let's put David Spade on yesterday's pool. What do you say? Oh, two-lates. Sorry. Or would just put him on some future pool. Whatever pool George does tomorrow, Tom put David Spade on it. Okay. WQAM, hello. 2AM. Oh, yeah. I am trying to reach Neil. You're speaking to him. No way. No way. Well, okay. I made this a somebody else. This is his first. Oh, of course. It's just great. It is great. No, but I just wanted to thank you for all the years of enjoying your show. I wanted to add something to the panel possible. You bet. I'd like to see in the tip of the six Jerry Falon, Pat Robertson, caught that in team and a smoking crack. You know, we're a trans-Spanth Propsitude and drawings. I'm right. Okay. Thanks, Fale. All right. Well, we're kind of maybe Jim Baker can hook him up. Okay. I'm going to give him a little bit of credit for that. But, you know, because we get to drift five six seven and let's see. How about the for the other guy that called me for How about a soft photo Championship? A soft photo sports championship. Okay. So that work for us, but you're sure picking out, man, what are you going through? Oh, man. I would not say I got a. Well, why is that? Because I don't know. I just felt like it. I had a nice wood by day yesterday. It was an expensive diet. I mean, it lost a few bucks. Not made not a major disaster, but not too good. I'm going to keep me keep me full till Bernie Coast our steak out tonight because I'm going to tell you oh, you get to go to that Well, they asked me to today, so I said yes, and so you get to you get a free meal over there Now maybe what's his name will be there? Maybe a bread from New York will be there hogging up some free food too. Oh, I'm gonna guys hog and discendant and does What a what a shmuck Goes in there and he starts showing his way around. I want the steak and I want dolly Cooprimants and I want this and at What even if anything do in the account Out Gonna go in there and suck up a bunch of freebies because he thinks he's a big shot Quases our sales staff all the There there are there are more By far there are more prestigious people at Camille House having lunch today than in our sales to staff believe you me I You know, it's gonna be really interesting. I know I keep belly aching about it instead of my business because I'm not there anyway But it just grinds my fat old grizzled ass that there's just nothing going on in there It's like a whole place is doing the limbo rock and We have gotten we got no idea who the manager is who the operations manager is if there is one We got no idea who the sports liaison guy is if there's gonna be one We got the carousest has gotten away the which side is up for the is like his Jaguar Even though he says the screw-in left the distinct aroma in it and nobody meant by that He said it's in aroma that could put you in a coma. I'm not sure what he was talking about But I think I got some idea. I'm getting the drift But that there it's just there's nothing People think word and Hank you know saying the same thing. We're not just making this up Nobody's got any clue what the hell of the new year holds a QAM because they were like orphans now. We're like step chillins Nothing worse than being a step chillin. Oh Nobody QAM hello QAM hello Not you QAM hello Back to you I have one for the ball Yeah getting rid of Joyce and getting a real attorney for your station. Okay. That sounds good. Joyce gets fired. That sounds good to me. Joyce gets canned and measly Got it bye bye Joyce. Don't let the ador H&S on a way out. Oh We better speak nice about Joyce because she's a corporate legal. You're good. You've got your war. Yeah, totally into I put her in a same category where clearance although personally we like clearance see So I put her in a same category professionally way over her head no experience no background She's drowning in a seven confidence can't play the parts sounds can't say it as can't and we reach the point where we finally stop asking our Middle-level management types to ask her because no matter what though We would ask her how can we do it? No, no, can we say that? No, whatever it is. How about hello and goodbye? What do you think? No, it's all offensive everything is offensive to that picture, okay? In fact, she probably hangs out with Donna Shalili. She probably had her fine finger in that whole deal with at the billboard campaign We got balls. Oh, well the University of Miami does not be a social yeah the uppity University of Miami with all its long history of slime balls and criminals man Oh, give me a break. What a joke You can drive all over this town near the fan has got all these billboards everywhere. We got balls the fan whatever it had her frequency is Is it just you know every sports station America's got that but not Q a M not what the we had actually I'll give credit for it to Greg for that. There was a one thing we did we kept the billboards up. We just took the hurricane logo off of it Because Donna Shalili whistle offended hey Donna you fair your pathetic honey This is Neil Rodgers The bitch Asyficzy With gang rather reporting absorbing CBS news headquarters in New York This before has they confirmed that present George W. Rould's are raging pot-head. A gun is a smoking river man's stone. No, really, we didn't make it this time. According to recently-or-least tape recordings, made several years ago President Rush was clearly indicating that he and me have tried marijuana at some time in mass. This sparkling revelation is when he is heard of speech, questionable intelligence, and this evidence from National Guard duty during the Lamb era. No, I just can't let that one go, sorry. Not wanting to say I told his own, this reporter will take the high road and say only. And that's part of our world. The satisfying vindictives, I hope you're having all in stupid, great-state bastards part. And then, rather, according to our citizens, get ready for the glorious CD you've ever heard. Dan Watter, sorry, do it! I'm sorry. So, sorry. Not only does Dan say a sorry do what we've rendered leave. He sounds even sorry or would Chicago. It's hot to be the same. I'm sorry, Bruce. Dan, rather, sorry do what. Features did. Sorry sing along with Rubik's sedicates. Like a mist to shut. It's like a trap to fall. I'm sorry. Order now. And if you're not completely satisfied, Dan, rather, will personally say, I'm sorry. I may be the only one, but I sure is how Miss Dan rather than CBS even knew. I'm going to say that right now, I realize they're rating sucked in all the other cramp, but I watched that for years. CBS, but it was Walter Cronkite or Danny Boy or whatever. And I would go to old-spuddy-nittybob Schiefer, which I watched once and wouldn't be caught dead watching the game. And I'm stuck with the Martian-looking Brian Williams, I didn't see. And then even got shoved over there a couple of times, they'd be seen to get that religious sermoner, that a little sermoner at the end of the show of the night, about the Christian videos and the Christian wrestling, and the Christian news, and the Christian bowel movements, and the Christian chafties, and the Christian everything. Oh man, like I said, go ahead and go on wild. That's the motto for 2005. It's a miracle the rest of us are still alive. They hit us with five shots. And we're still alive. How do you like that? I just loved the way he says that in the movie. Yes. We hit him with five shots, and he's still alive. He was good, so let's go. Good with a knife, but only in matters of business. 217 votes on a pool of light. Is this one of those things out of none? At least Josh has seen a godfather of a bunch of parts one and two. I have, yeah. Not three, though. No, not three. I would see it. No, no, no. So it's got some bad acting. I would see it, though. You just, your life isn't complete until you see the third part. I'll tell you right now. I'm going to see Magnolia, Vio. Maybe sometime in this weekend. Really? If I can get it from the world. This weekend, you're going to watch it? Well, I didn't expect that kind of quick response. I'll try to watch it over sometime during the week before you get back on Tuesday. Yeah. Just to force me to watch City of God, which I don't want to. Right. Well, there's always one. I'm so lonely, it's no longer that's whoever to love. See, you know what? This reminds me of it's like, Flavors of Ice Cream. I, nobody needs to tell me that Heavenly Hash or Rocky Road or fish food. That these are phenomenal sensational flavors of ice cream. You know, so if you like vanilla better, that's fine. But don't try to tell me that I know what I'm talking about. I know my crap. Okay. Okay. That's the same thing with movies. Magnolia is one of them. I would say if it isn't that everybody's top 25 list, then you haven't seen it. A wall time. And then maybe top 10. It's just a fabulous movie. It's, I mean, granted it doesn't make it a lot of sense. But then again, it's a movie, you know? Okay. I'm supposed to make a lot of sense. Including when the frogs start falling out of the sky. I should have said that, but you already know that. No, actually, I'm pretty sure I know absolutely nothing about this movie. Oh, well, like I said, there's no frogs. The frogs will love me at the hockey game tomorrow night. That's what I was talking about. 560, 505, 60, 50, 60, 50, Verizon, Singular Widersline. I used to have played like little segments there. We had a two or three a Danny Rather, but they were in a row. Maybe we were like, do segments. Okay. It's not where they have of mobots. We'll be good. Yeah, just play it all. See how long it is. Come on. Don't start. It's more out of here. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, maybe we will play them all. All the ones that we can still play. We can't play that around day. And who was it? That was it. Chris and a rendezvous and a rendezvous. The other one was. Can't do that one. No mole. Believe you, me. But we certainly got enough to make a nice segment. 560, 505, 60, pound 5, 60, and you're wondering, how come he keeps giving the number out so much today? Well, it's a last show of the year. And it kills a lot of good time. You're just anxious to talk to all those good colors. No, I'm not. WQOM. Hello. And, you know, yes, sir. I got one for you. What's the difference between the neurologist show and the toilet? Ah, ah. WQOM. Yes, good morning, Neil. I'm thinking for taking my call. Well, good morning and thanks for making your call. Yeah, I'd like to have this to your pole if I may. Yes. I'd like to start forward to turn into a first class gambling mecca for 2006. Yeah. And I think one good way is going to be in about the next five days. The opening of Gulf Stream Park. Is going to turn into a gambling mecca? Well, that's correct. So they're going to have the biggest style slot machines. Uh-huh. And then soon to follow, of course, the Indians will then want to have the next tier, which would be relaxed and blackjack. Right. Of course, a year after that, then the stable realizer losing so much revenue. Oh, yeah. You know, I've been a little eyes because you know gambling all over the city. Whatever your smoke pass the peat pass the pipe, okay? Woo. Heavy duty. Yeah, we'll be Vegas in no time. And enjoy yourself by the way of Gulf Stream. What all the the first over there? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, and the Verizon. I only wish to best for the folks at Gulf Stream. We got that if they just keep bringing back Gary Pucket and the union gap. Not a good idea. And Johnny might throw in the Brooklyn Bridge. I mean, some of the acts of the stalax that they bring back. I think I got like a little bacon bit stuck in my throat. Man, I had a lot of bacon myself. Did you really? Oh, I'll be careful now. You too much of that how he's bacon. It's really great. But they always said it were like 15,000 slabs of it slams. I love it. And at one time I ate so much of it and it was just sliding out. Man, I just died and sliders for like, oh boy. Speaking of turlet, I was busy. WCWAM, hello. That's our best call so far. QAM, hello. Yeah, you know what it's like? Yes sir. I'm just one and I don't know if you had listened to it. How did the other day? The mow monster there. He was here. He had made a comment. He was calling you. No, I guess you know who cares. Grow up already. Wait a minute. Get a freaking life. I'm not interested in talking overgrown children. Okay. Mow said, hey, did you know I didn't listen to how it. I'd listen to anybody else. I don't listen to this radio station. Anyone other one either. How do you like that? I actually have a life. They'd hear what? This one said about you. Did you hear what? Joe, a Reynolds said, and you hear what Dickie Parkall said. See, this is one reason that the call is sucked. Okay, is because most of the people out there are like, first of all, you got all the top show groupies like this guy. Did you hear what so and so said about Mad Dog? And you hear what the Hank said about Mow? And you hear what Neil said about the Randy. Get a life. Get a freaking life. I have no. Get a search party. That's, that should be, you know, something. That's for the pool. That's a good one. Number one wish for 2006. I find a life. Oh, God. That should zoom to the top. I find a life. Because I would say about at least 50% of the people we talked to their motto is. I have no life. Come to QAM. Hello. Speak to your audience. Speaking. What do you think about Harley, as you may? Cowboy. WDQAM. Hey, you seem broke back mountain yet. No, I have not. Have you seen it? Yeah, real, real story. If I real cowboy, those. Okay, write him cowboy. Bear back mountain. Haven't seen that one yet. Now, I've actually had seen it. And the movie, too. WQAM. Hello. You know. Cook. You know. Yeah, I want to see Neil. Speaking. Kanye. How are you? Look at. I, um, I'm, um, I'm calling, watching that. For 2006, a person at Worst Take, this A.B. and Bird Pins. I'm a, seriously. Because I don't know if you read Michael the other day, that they had a drill at the White House. And everybody took part in it. And he had, um, said he had to go ride his bike. Uh. And also, he's wondering if I could make a sandwich request. Yeah, I hope it's better than the other part. Yeah. Um, that you play, um, one of the eyes and events that you play yesterday. Uh, my boyfriend's daughter's in town. And, um, it's a circle. We, I'm begging you play. I want to female. Who knows that. Listen every day. One of the 10 we got. Okay. Thanks. We don't have a great new year. Thanks. Bye. Okay. Twice. It's past 11. See a little bad phone connection there. But nevertheless. I'm going to do a little bit. Just work our way through all of these things. All these glitches. Because glitches can be bitches when you're trying to do a radio show. But nevertheless, it is the QMF in way. And we are broadcasting an HD. Is there anybody out there that has a HD or receiver? No. Before you, it would sound phenomenal. I would sound just like Westbrook van Voorhees water-crime-type and Edward Armor will all roll into one. If you just only had a nice HD set. This is real rotten. Anybody ready? No. This is 5. 16. 2. 2. 2. 2. Tony, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. Arthur. Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not. I don't have a Kelly call me every three minutes. Why did we move the process? Sir, you told me to move the bride and tell you why you're not from this understubbing. No, sir. You said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I make the decisions you take to heat. Right? You all move the process. Okay. How are we doing with it anyway? Oh, you man. Hold on. We're right there. We're right there. Yeah, well shot. The hell up. I'm on the phone, we're right there. Yeah, yes, there was your question. I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between Dan and Kelly and now Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. We're right there. Get it, folks. Stop it, we're right there. I'm going to follow up. I'm going to follow up. I'm going to follow up. I'm going to follow up. I'm going to follow up. I'm going to follow up. It's like this in my hand, Grandma. That's your penis, both my other hand, Grandma. That's a full ball. Right? I can't hear anything when it stops flying. Sorry. I'm sorry. The moves are working out very well. The practice is for them at times. And moving it's time. It's time to walk. Really sorry, even beating the WB. Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson thing was a rating success. Hold on a second. Raven. Vegetable. What the hell are you doing? What a harmonica. We're going to do it. Don't play and remember. I'll jam the thing down your throat. And get that blue burn away from me. Oh, come on, move. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir, over 25 million people saw. Don't apologize there. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for quite a while. I'm moving my hands up and down. I'm the puppet master. I swear. You do it. Now, box is going to arrow all the stuff that you cut out on the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. I'm not the puppet master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Raven. Yes, you are. What's the hell you're doing now? This is a blow, though. It's nothing wrong with you. I'm not going to do it. You're going to do it. No. This is a blow, though. It's nothing wrong with a blow, Raven. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his voice. My other ear, Raven. That's a blow. That's a blow. That's a phone, Raven. Get out. Go over there. Get out. I'm sorry, sir. Yes, sir. Tell me. Tell me. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. Tell me, softly. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. Tell me, softly. I'm sorry, sir. Tell me. Sorry. What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus. I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, who's done with New York City Times Square? I'm going to fucking scream. Hey, no. Raven. Raven. Raven. Turn off the button. You'll quit and Raven. Get that bluber in all the here. Okay, boss. If you find sir, look when we don't admit downman hat. 42nd Street is incredible. I have a lot publicly. I supported that. But you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through gamuscom like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. I'm going to need but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Leela one stage. 128 million dollars. No. You're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you, Robin. Hang on a minute. Three, two, three. Dream us. Give us. Give us a full bar crap all over your shoulder. It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake. And turn off the button, please. Oh, people. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. You can come up with American Idol. Good God. You're still running James Bomb movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put St. Bob willing. I want to be done with it. Please tell me. Make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were on the pitch. And now we have the new M. Knight Chummer on. We'll be coming. Oh, the song is fine. What the hell's that name? Stop sign. You've got to start swinging somebody's title. Pass me. Please. Dream us. Dream us. Here you go. I know you can hear me. Dream us. You're still running the fucking planet. Here's the robot. Come on. Come on. Dream us. Take that blue pair with us. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What? I've done with the sir. I'm a perhale star in your job. But sir. Here's a car. I'm sorry. They're not one way of this in there. I don't like to be poisoned in a dizzy remiss. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. I hear you. I'm not back. There's a little bonus for you. Two for the price of one. All right. According to new report from Bridge ratings, whatever the hell that is. I think that's one of those rating systems when you see the numbers you want to go to the nearest bridge in jump. Nearly 60% of serious satellite radio sonups in the line shopping days before Christmas can be credited to a listener bizarre to hear former syndicated morning host Howard Stearns. I'm coming to you on serious which they've used January 9th. Bridge ratings interviewed satellite radio consumers at retail outlets during the fourth quarter or the term or what impact marketing campaigns and steering in particular. We're having unsubscribe or considering the important shopping period. The company says that in October 22% of serious incentives could be credited to a designer here. But the numbers grown steadily by the week of December 19, a full 58% of serious incentives for doing the steering dividend move to subscription radio. I like that. The power of Howard. See that? The power of. That's not that Howard. Wow. That exciting. Yeah, all are you're not signed up. No, not. Of course you didn't listen to Howard when he was on for free. So why don't you pay for it? Well, I did. Well, I was in like a business. I did listen to it. Oh, I'm talking about when he was on our station. Oh, no. I'm not talking about the old Howard Stearns show when it was funny and you know, you would actually go out of your way to listen to it. I'm not talking about those days. No, I didn't listen to what I'm talking about the last several years. Nope. Lieutenant Joe Shalaki. Skeleti. See, there's a hardest driver. Sam Scalachi who drives in Northfield Park and Cleveland, so I think that's how this guy pronounce his name. Lieutenant Joe Scalachi pulls his on mark car behind a dumpster and hunkers down using but Accumers to watch the car that a murder suspect is supposed to get into a gaggle of teenage girls animals by it doesn't take long before he is made. The term under cover cops used for somebody recognizing a police officer. One of the girls calls out, hey, I know you were on the first 48. It happens all the time to Scalachi who on this night and is in uniform trying to be inconspicuous, but not bothering what they're trying to be invisible. He just can't do it no more. No more. Over to France for years, Scalachi's become the breakout star of an A&E TV. We're going to show the first 48 about homicide detectives. Attracted techies for the first 48 hours after murder, watching him try to find the killer. Scalachi attracted a follow-in viewers gushing over each episode of an A&E's online bulletin boards. His run on the first 48 in this past fall when he was promoted to Lieutenant, transferred back to his old unit, jumped out as the undercover squad is informally known in Miami. But Scalachi took the cameras with him. He's filming a pilot about running the undercover unit. He's like a candle coffee. He never met a camera. He didn't like candle coffee was on CNN again this morning talking crap. Okay, said anybody missed it. Under cover work in TV started, wouldn't seem imperfect. If it puts Scalachi as a company, he'll make a work as a supervisor. Scalachi won't be called on to do undercover often. When he does, he sure he can pull it off. He'll probably need elaborate disguise. He spent five years undercover before moving to homicide and drug holes. He's often recognized as ponytail because of the one he could and do her dirty up his clean cut appearance. ponytail. Sure, haven't heard that a long time. That was quite a story that who was a Miguel Tomina. He's a funny family. That was something. Five eyes, Jeff. Five eyes. Five eyes. Five eyes. Five eyes. Five eyes. Five. Five.Too. Spear with a table mate-y- prestigious. What a lie. Five eyes love. Looping, brave or mortified. Still shooting, dogs, Southeast ladies with alace a leg-y- mering funcin. One of the lovely characters so they could build a happy restaurant. My wife for a loan That's the night that the wind is high back And this makes a look so sweet The world is love It's death over and over, it's only death And the truth is only death That's where the goblins of the world Waves with the window with the window when he walks Waves with the window when he walks Times with the window with the window The vain's facing Neil Rogers MISS SPIGES 16 HAribly Two years later and say it took me a while I'll lo- doses een sooner But Neil I apologize It's way 2006 But stop, but stop But stop But stop When we watch You and You They had the little problem with the Stone Show feed did it. I think that the satellite fell down as something My perfect son the likely fine. Thank you very much Now if I don't mind let's return to the same kitty sports how about little touchy theory? How see here Over here, okay now see here What is he in? What a sucker Yeah, so I Just stupid like they say I'm the official voice of the person Dude, why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in an embryo How do you know really it is it there's something I never told you I'm your father daddy I'm an embryo How's that just how mad in it? come on I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to, I'm not going to do that. Why are you guys here bananas? Why are you hunting on your potatoes? I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die already. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, go away, go away, I will, go away, I will, no, no, no, no, We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! We're going to fight! The Moana isn't even in it. You're over here. And I'm over there. And I'm about to have a hurry. You know what? I can take from that Puy, a hint. Make smokestics one little pinky toe in the studio again! Why, y'all, touch up in the nose. See, I'll knock out as teeth, I say! I'm gonna mobilize them. Why, y'all, twist them into a pretzel. Why, y'all, tear them, limb from lint. The house slices belly open like a group of them. Y'all, make that poop will agri. The next tiny attempt to assassinate my good character, I'm gonna call my attorney. I'm calling the national guard! That's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a way. Then I'm calling my rabbi, and I'll call meabel. Like labels, and then I'm gonna pull a freight train. Use it only my dentures. Like all American boy even lands on strong TV. Why, if I ever get my head, what is that? Look at this, there's a monkey in my check-a-tank. Hey! Oh, boy, what's this? What's this? What is this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? I'm not there, I'm not there. I'm not there! I'm not there! Yes, yes, yes! Well then. Oh, I-ok, oh, oh, nay! I have a wedding time! Oh, wait. I-yn- , no, right, no. Pretty small! No one have a wedding day. How long ago are you gonna change your mind? Whom have you got enough memories? Yeah, it's all right! Don't push them anymore! It's sitting on my ears for my his hands! I unreasonable! Hello. I want your take on J.P.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B. It's a great court. I can a good you. I like J.P.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B. Well, not the mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh, yeah! He's got to be careful with you. Say here. Oh, keep the... Thank you, Ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Go go. I have nothing else to say. How about this? I was doing it down there in the mirror, Ma'am. I'm the right-hander street from you. I have to go. Oh, I know. I've got a way to go. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old... ten pieces of stuff. I've got that. No way. That was the only call that we had. The theme's on you. No, there's more in the game. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. There's more. Wow. San play fair for Daddy. Onion operation pizza day. Ed about both the golden pencils from my miles. If you went up and down here, I could see! Howell pillsoto 25- ministry. Are you trying to be my autograph Edition? I know. Nuon's close on this steams almost every day I thin and my pain  i still have more to my end to me tragic urge yeah i feel the Takah back but it is so happy old father but its still so cool magn appetieu its so cool magn appetieu I'm going back to all this thing I'm sorry it's snow, just that way I know that I'm freezing I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die Put the door, the door, the door I'm going to die Put the door, the door, the door I'm going to die I'm going to die Oh, what the hell is this? I can get to the little piece of the place I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'd move my door And trap some like honey Even, that's pretty new Fairly you, you're forcing me to do this Sand thing I'm gonna knife away in touch You are I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. and held up the day to the end. It says so him through. That's how I see him, in court even weakly that he has no doubt. He's a.? Still not that? He's probably so weakly because suppose you are a rival for the roles. I think, he's not the one. Well, the tricks are the chances for a bestimmt the same rules. I said he was the mayor of boarding median and at tight smoke I hear no man. Why? Boy, Oscar Anderson saying nice to him. Oh, you're here. Are you going to go right into the signal? Oh, come on. No, no, no, no, no, no. I sure. That there I said, Neil, signal the discouraging songs about there go the door to the noise. And then a bag of the one and he writes him in the middle sings him. Now you know he's queer, but real men don't sing. Oh, yeah. And another day, boy, Oscar Anderson, was a lot better than Neil too. That day is what made him take this thing. Oh, I like it. On the next episode's moment of, how see he? Who made a better cup of coffee? This is Olson, or Jaggi Robinson? Gamma, now see me here next time for a moment against us. And now see here, that there over here. Who do you want? Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. See here. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. You're going to give me a hug. Don't want to. Don't want to. I'm going to give you a hug. What do you want? Don't want to. You're going to give me a hug. What do I want? I'm going to take a piece of this thing. What do I want? I just want my own signature. What do I want? I'm going to die. What do I want? I'm going to die. What do I want? I'm taking this to check. I'm waiting outside. I'm going to be shooting real good. And my time is left. What do I do? I'm going to die. I'm going to be safe. You might cut the other one. Yeah. When I'm set to be nice, don't ask about it. I'm like one. Please guess who I am. Yeah. So that's all you want. Be full and a right time. I'm going to see you. I think he knows. Get me with time. Don't ask with him. Yeah. I want my own signature. I'm going to die. Please. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Please. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm at the street corner. Okay, I'm 57. What is your kills in good time? And I was extremely enjoyable for me. That was great. And you're still eating now. It's not like that. Josh Cortis is going to explode. Like Jeff High, like that boy is going to like bursting out all over. Not good. I told you you're going to like balloon up like a cow pretty soon. You'll see. I showed after today. Yeah. How do we place our investigating rape allegation against an FSU football player who was there while practicing for the team's orange bull against Penn State Penn. The incident reportedly happened around three o'clock this morning at the West Indivlement Resort and Spawn Hollywood. Hollywood police wouldn't identify the player who's facing the accusations. FSU is scheduled to play state Penn on Tuesday. How do you like that? Another slime ball alleged anyway at FSU. Must be a mistake. I'm sure. How does that pull coming? What's your number one wish for 2006? 250 votes in Pete George W. 95. When the lotto 64. Have lots of sex. Forty-four. Democrats, we've elections 33. All our troops come home 27. That should be way ahead of everything else. But then again, most of you don't care about anything except yourselves. Good health 26. Put sons and rickback on the 11. Get a better job 10. Peace on earth nine. Neil Rogers should get sedicated eight. Getting a raise six. I find a lie for good luck. Q. I'm good sold. Neil gets paid off for. Oh yeah. Get a divorce for Pink Floyd, we union tree. Joyce gets fired at it too. Getting a good GM at, I guess we've got as many votes as we got a chance. The big, oh, it's like a cross in the street. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. Well, how about a day, even? I am here. And you, I can't say anymore. Look that for me. Thanks a lot more Paul. That I got a midday show guy. You did. Oh, Boca. Yeah, yeah. That's the guy. Who ever had a hello to you, Matt. I did it. Yeah. Out in the hallway. I don't know who ever was. Let's take some calls and show me. Prestige said, but how you city? Yeah, hi, Mom. Yeah, I know what you know. When are people going to realize this? This is a sports show and nothing else. Absolutely. Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports. But in my way, some gay pain, me, the ogle, and in my men. This here is a show for men. About men. Like there's no big ass in chaps. You stole the pizza. You stole the pizza. I did not take no pizza. I don't be ridiculous. You stole the pizza. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't steal the pizza. I didn't steal the pizza. No, I did not steal the pizza. No, the pizza. Now see here. I ain't no bite by blue. No, the pizza. I did not steal the pizza. I only had one slice. They're okay. So the whole bite. Who can those buns had no power? I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot to you. There was no back-to-grounds. Just don't taste the same without the back-to-grounds. That's rude. And that's my own sanity. Good night. But kiss my ass. In yet another, female-de-chem, for a morning number, the 560 W. Do I have no running range of us, proudly presents the bow-howered show. And the two other people are the studio. Hello. Hello. Hello. And welcome to the Mau-How-Age show. Hey, look, look, we're on the air. Oh, where? Where? Over here, you moron. Oh, that height, Mau. Ah, both of us don't help me with the show. Okay, hey. How about that Ricky? Well, you moron. You moron. You moron. We ain't talking about no fish or money, show's he? Only what I like. Now come here, your mutton head. Oh, hey. Didn't load that day, Mau-de-chem. What's your name? Oh, that's Carolyn. Say, you think that I watched her? Don't do it, Mau. It's a family show. Got a microwave. No, Mau-de. Baby, come on in. I think that I see her. I think that, you know. Come on. Hey, baby. Okay, I just wanted to touch your head. Look at your mouth, baby. No, man, the Mau-How is Joey. You never mourn in on five, 60. W, you a, uh, but anybody cares anymore, who most of the audience off already, so why not? Oh, you said, why not? Oh, you said, why not? I thought you were a baby, but the hurry came, I thought, how I know how family will run away, and no hope would meet, Mau. And remember, I'm not in time enough to bring the pizza down. Thank you, walk in the studio, and put the whole time in your past. For me, the pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. My pizza. I don't care if all of us just stop to death. It's no fun sight on our planet. I don't have the enough hope, it's more important for me. So why not? You rent me by so number two in entitlement at the site. I only have no liquidishment in a sliver unless I serve the pizza. I'll pick that pizza. With your latest update, I'm Todd Teliver, River River River River. There's many important things going on that you won't want to wake up to. So here's sports instead. Sports guide Shaquille O'Neill, many as four holes wish of gay men, Dingo Manna, kind of painful as a ring nail today. Wait a minute, but it's the love. Where is the love? I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm my automated manager. Hey, get off theail . HEY! You knocked back your ears. Here. Drink the balls. And om . I'm going to die. I might die. Don't. I'd go dark before I die. straggs from the escalator. I should get fulle. I got the dog with you. You're dead. I'm very best of saying it. If he was, of course, he said, God, I'm laughing. I'm really good with him. I know how you know. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I said, he elevated the oven. And not my way to the condo, when I told him to mess it out, I gave him a brief condo. He said, I'm not a condo. So, he's a back and towel. The boys are back and down. Oh, the story. The story's a back and towel. Oh, wow. The story's a back and towel. They're so scared. You got a bad boy doing having anda. Why you laugh? Everybody's follow-up, boo. Love your akl on. My eye even knows a new Marjard rule. I picked it a giant. Daddy, oh, who's the movie? Supervisor, who I'm talking to, my. Who said that is so when I take you place, I know I ain't no one's clearly me. But when they drop my voice, look change. You little smoothings, the birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. The birds. I'm telling you there's no limit to it. We could have like 40 hours of it, you know? Yeah, I thought. I'd like to hear them all today. How about you Wood several times? I was in sound like you're eating anymore. I must have finished all up. I did. So I was feeling I'm playing bits now because otherwise you might have another one as emergency runs, so to speak. Well, what was your facts is here, I'm just saying that you must have just gone in there and seen the pile, huh? Yeah, I must have. So here they are. Hector, which is a phony name, obviously, on this one. Neil, you talked about people being fired during the holidays. You are a phony. You fired the bird during the holiday time. What a nice guy you are, question marks. It's like, who said I was a nice guy? What's he first of all? It was business. He was destroying the show. But nevertheless, and he's dead anyway. So what happens? Isn't it now, hector? What's your real name, hector? Hector? Hector? Schmendrick? Pracy and Kimville says I'd like to add no more mole on the year for the 2006 sub-hole. No more mole. You put it on there, however you like. She says I'd vote for him, peach bush, but that would mean that Dick Cheney would be in charge of our can't fathom that. When he already is, Tracy, happy new year, these two Tracies came over to our regular factories. Now, this is kind of interesting because here's like a two-partner. It says, is it possible to put the Marine Dowd author article from yesterday on the storyboard that what about Dick Rastute and Cheney? I love to send that to a few folks and then a little bit later on, oops, never mind about the Marine Dowd article found it on the list. Thank you very much. See you. If you look on there, you'll see that we got the good craft on our website. We need a lot more people reading those stories or Josh is just going to say the hell with it, right? Yeah, that's it. Well, I mean, you know, we need a lot to, you know, they're going to, I'm not saying that they can't find those stories if they want to do their homework and go to about 20 or 30 other websites. You can do it, but we try to make it easy for you and convene, and you pick and choose whichever one's sound interesting to you or titillating or fascinating or whatever. Trousen good time, too. That in Voka, a lot of time, Mr. Happy New Year, Matt. He says, my wish for 2006 is that you get a radio show on one of those unsensual satellite radio shows so you can make all the fart jokes and use all the identities you want. Amen, Matt. FNA. I got serious satellite radio is a gift for Christmas because I'm going. Now that's plural unless you're two people, Matt. I'm a guy, but we'll still be listening to you every day. Well, thank the Lord for that. Thank God. Thank God. Just as a note, I was driving down from Jacksonville the other day and I could hear your broadcast clear was a melody, Revard Indian River County line. I don't have one of them souped up and 10 is either. How do you like that? All you people are Revard County happy New Year and take Revard Indian River County line. What's that like, Melbourne? No. Palm Bay, Melbourne's way before Jacksonville. Well, no, Revard Jacksonville is due on County. What's Indian River County? You don't know you're Florida geography, Mr. And I thought you were in Jacksonville, at that longer version. I was in, of course. Well, that's Duval County. I wasn't arguing that I thought he was saying, Melson. I heard your broadcast clear was a bill who as he was driving down from Jacksonville. A deeper fart Indian River County line. I see. Well, what is that? Oh, Barfard County is Melbourne and Stuart, right? What's Indian River County? What's in that? Is that what a Google during one of these race-winning, not stuff in your face? I mean, not that it's all that important. I just don't know my Florida. I know where two egg is. I've driven two egg. There's a stop light there. And I've driven two temple terrace and lutes and all those wonderful places on a west coast. And Venice, Venice, yeah. Here's a facet from Murray, Levine. How's it going? Murray, happy new year. Baby, I'm so excited. Murray still lives. Here's one of the good guys in business. I think I'll do the break. And I'll finish these. The facet is here. One was fairly long. Murray, Levine. Good man. And of course, the good people in this business always get screwed over big time, baby. They get screwed and tattooed. That's in Viro. That's like Viro Beach, by the way. Oh, in Fort Pierce. Yeah. Wow. I load on you. Yahoo's up there in Fort Pierce in Viro Beach. Oh, you Yahoo Red Next. Ha ha ha. Get your finger out of it and your nose, too. What? Is some kind of a place you ever been there? Viro? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, me, man. That part of the state. When you come right down with this, uh, that's just don't cotton that whole crowd. They don't cotton to me. And that's just fine. Them cotton pickers. 12 13 a Q a.m. When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and price. Those are the three ingredients that are most important to anybody with a brain. And if you want the best deal all the way around for your feet, you do your shoe shopping please at brandy shoes in Pompahville Beach. For the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes that I'm being able to prices. And we're not talking about some off-brands and nobody wants to stick on their tutsies. We're talking the top names in the shoe business like rock port, floor shine, new balance, go, mafisto, S.A.S. all the others too. And brandy's professional shoe fighters will make sure you've got to customize for the your favorite comfort shoe just ask for Arnie. He'll take good care of you. The pros at brandy's read, you understand fit and comfort even, specializing in wide widths as well. If you've got big fat ones, brandy's worth the trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit and value. This is the place brandy shoes in your fine brandies at 1290. The North Federal Highway in Pompahville Beach, syrup and everyday Monday, two Saturday to line and every Sunday till five. And this week is a stupidest time to buy great new balance shoes at brandy's because you can take an extra 20% off and all great men's and women's brandy styles. Get a free t-shirt too. So be sure to get your rest in the brandies this week or do your shoe shopping on their most prestigious website brandyshoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. In a desert, not far far away. One soldier stood eyeballs above the rest, judge our head. They shot the captain, who's in charge now! Who's a Samsung Samsung beast? You're such a father-in-law. Or did that? War is hell, and so is the very boy's up at the judge our head. You're a soft, stroke-when-least ass ass ass off. Or did that? One, two, stop, three, stop. That doesn't shoot the sword. Oh! You're a hot dog, judge your head. You're a sweet theater spider. A wonderful parental Saturday. How old? From 1965, 60's, what do we hear this really nice facts from Marie Levine? And you're saying, who? Well, he's happened to be a good guy. Okay. Take a look. He was. He was the sales man, where when I was at WDYNZ. And he got screwed over once they sold it to Paxon. And that Ronald Fink Wolf and PD Bulls were not proud of it. And they screwed him over big time after the guy had a stroke. Always get to what God went. He's down. Anyway, here's the fact that it says I'm still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive. My buddy, Sue Smith told me that you and Hank were saying nice things about me the other day. Yes, I was sales manager of WDYNZ, understandly, co-in a horrible boss. And let me tell you right now, Marie. Absolutely correct. Oh, is he pathetic or what? Why are you always smitting on the sales people? Why are you always smitting? Yeah, right. That was his number one line. What a jerk. But he did drive that big yellow severe, that pimple bill. Very classy, Stanley. Anyway, Stanley, Jay Cohen, a loser. I was worried for marketing those days. It's Marie during my tenure. I hired Rana Wolfe, maiden name, think. Oh, you see God was punishing you for having that bitch, Marie. I left the sellout sellout. Other station was hired back a few years later by Rana, who rose to Vice President of Passen, after my stroke, Rana Todd Winick and Roger Crofts decided I was not capable anymore and retired me. Even like it's still due to job. I'm still retired and I'm still pretty healthy. Thank goodness for that, Marie. I'm in the radio business and people like you and Hank, regardless, Marie. Best of a, for the New Year, Marie, happy Chinduka and the stay healthy and stay out of the business. He says he misses the business for quite frankly. It puts people in the box very prematurely, trust me what I'm saying. Andy and Miami Beach says, which, so this is really bogus, this is this is sad. But I'm going to read the whole facts. It's very, very sad to me. In fact, I just have changed emails with Bob Lanceter. And Bob had opened up his blog a few days ago to take messages from people out there in the radio land and I read them all. And then several were people listening to the show also and heard me and Bob on a phone whenever was Kaboys ago. And they were there were seem to be mostly nice, but it's just, oh, I don't know. I'm going to blah, blah, blah, blah. Anyway, the fact says you can play about the Panthers games on K, T, but their single is better than QM here, Miami Beach. Well, maybe that's because the tower is on Miami Beach, Andy. The only problem is that most people don't live on Miami Beach. The tower is right over there, but at least it used to be. I don't know if it's still there. I'm gay, a gay road. Therefore, Matt is similar to WOD. Conservative talk and your buddy Art Riley is doing the news there in the morning. I was in a Michael Savage on that station. I don't agree with the word he says, but he shows entertaining. Like what they say about you would talk show hope you love day. Michael Savage on, I certifiable Nazi. I regards cabbage is nothing more than entertainers is Andy, a phony whose motivation is monetary rather than ideological. Similar to Marshall and Bob Bill Riley, Michael Moore Matt for a Michael Moore. I've also been listening to Exempsons. I have a free subscription and it's true that most of the colors to open and they are truckers, you can tell that they're not used to having so few listeners and colors. The run and face show that follows is absolutely terrible. Very difficult to listen to. Is there any chance you do your show from down here again? Let me say it again. Absolutely no. There's a new hotel here in South Beach called the Satai. It's ultra luxurious blows away the rich croissant down the block. If you did your show there, I guarantee you never want to leave. You wouldn't even need a car, everything is in walking distance. There's Andy and I need these. There are two chances that whoever do any show from South Florida again, none and much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, less than none, zero, Zippity, due to, as in, oh, no chance. Oh, there's more faxes? Ha ha ha ha. There's a pile in in here to that. This one here on, I'm not going to waste my time with this, you know? Thanks boy, you and your board of friends, good luck to you. Okay, I hope you're a loop. Okay, both in an wicked car crash. I wish you evil on very few people, only two that I was thinking before, but I got two more. Here's what it says, Melbourne and Pompeii and Titusville is, uh, Brevard, we hear you loud and clear. How do you like that? A facem, somebody in Melbourne. Melbourne Beach. Mike in Melbourne. A softhold of exam. I'm going to go on my congratulations and get new. By the way, many mugwum sub here, but it still beats the haters and means spirited, sound flow to crout. I don't fucking let it all. I mean, you could be a mugwum and be pretty decent person, you know, or not. Here's another fax, but if faxes are just pouring in, now what's going on, Josh? I don't know, you know, maybe they, uh, they want to get them all in before you leave for the Tevota before I leave? Or you know something I don't know? Where's that check? Oh, God, where's that check from the Panthers over? It's coming. My God, Alan, right that check right now. Alan Cohen is behind the statues that a Pimeo after go away so I don't say those terrible things about him and the Panthers and go these broadcasters. Dave's straighter by the way, he's doing a really nice job if they just shut up in East part fan. I'm, I hate to eat guillain on it. Shut that frog up already. Wait a minute, put a socket in his mouth. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, and same old craft, man. Anyway, here we go from the Indian River County, rural beach, the Vark County, Melbourne, Palm Lake, Coco, Titusville County Space Center, happy New Year from the chronic in Coco, where QM comes in just fine. Oh, where for? I like that. The chronic in Coco is one of the most chronic factors in it, but it's a good solution. It's a little cranky every now and then, but if that's the one I'm thinking about. Don't you love that from people I'd like to give cranky on the fact that the facts machine. I think about the room, maybe. That's only hector. Hector must be the one who used to call on IOD and go, did you say to the bird? Hey, hector, get back on your banana boat, okay? And just to kind of drift away with Clarence Carter. There's a slip away. Well, whatever, no, no, what? Five, six, seven, seven. I'm tempted to take a couple of calls. I must be losing my mind now. All the facts has got me all whipped up into her friends. See, I'm much rather. I think this facts is much more enjoyable. Is that right? You don't think so? No, I gotta go. No, call. Because, oh, yeah. You'll get a, you can pick and choose. You'll get a good one after every hundred. What do calls? Yeah. No, yeah, of course it's the 99 bad ones that are really what, you know, as the Pazaz, the spice, the salt and pepper for the whole deal. That's what they like. It's a bunch of lunatics. And that's what most people on here is people showing their ass on a radio. Just look at your speaking. You'll see two big fan cheek. Black dome, that's our audience. Somebody QAM, hello. Well, yes, sir. Hey, you mentioned about a month ago that special on the New Orleans. I know people mentioned New Orleans earlier about the animals and stuff. And I watched part of it. I couldn't watch any more of it. Just, just right now. Just pathetic. And also, there was another thing about part of that. About what happened there, New Orleans. They had an engineer saying, if they would have sent $2 billion and from preventative maintenance and upgrade, they wouldn't have to be spending $100 billion. We built that city. It's really ridiculous or anything about it. So, short-term greed costs this country, you know, billions of dollars. You know, right in the middle of a Hanukkah, we should really reflect if they would have just taken care of the leaveies, things that have been on a hell of a lot better. One more thing, the time your website, Ed Naha, he is so funny. He's funny. He is great. I read many of his columns on here. He is saying, plus his name is good. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. It's just, they're funny. That's exactly right. Right. But the thing is, that's a Thompson from Capitol Hill, Blue Man. He's my favorite. Yeah, just one of those other things. The thing about impeachment is that the Democrats take over 2006. You get rid of Chady Ambrish and then whoever's looking at the Poise, would be the New President. But you mean if we hit the impeachment, yeah, right in the post of a, I read that on one of the, um, you're sorry. That's a great idea. When it does toss him out and then we'll have a, we're trying to hear for the last two years. Okay, maybe Greg Reen can be in the cabinet too. And Greg? Okay, you're paling. Later. If I made a kitchen cabinet, be a good place to show up his ass. Nice haircut by the way, Greg, and a very fancy Bruce Brothers suit. 1227, a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 18. 18. Thank you. That's lovely. Some people don't. They don't have a clue. They want gone. With their head up there, it's always the same. They're just looking for something. And there's no big abuse. Like the chronic from this. All the chronic from this, it's first time in line. Because he's so proud to be with half of it's mind. Really waiting for him to come out of with your green corner. We, we, you and what are we of Lilia who's your we? All your friends have Carol Blatt, all your friends from Carpet Springs. Why didn't you stand up like on your own? It's always we, we, like you got all your buddies. How come you don't like stand on your own thing? We do stand on our way there. Is that we again, man? Are you speaking French or English? I mean, is we, we are, we are. We are, we are, we are, we are, we go, we are. You sound like Dan Play on us. Sir, you can't even spell us. You don't want to ask these kids on the radio. Right. Wait. And you know, you know, you know, well, well, well, well, was that the biggest week you sound like that baby though? It's your home. Are you in a looser are you an interest? Sir, I think you've been up an interest. It was been a really good one admitted hour. Wait till tomorrow. Some people don't. They don't have a clue. They walk on. With their head up their rooms. They're always missing. They're just looking in the same. Oh, they're coming. And we're all Junior Blues. rice your garlic, surrounded by. Here's a garlicCon? We'll see that one of the TV's who's the finger of their foot. Well, you act up to no right of dinner. Who has Christian duper bones. We fight within the corner. While fondly there's no right of dinner. But the men who are Christian duper bones. Don't shoot my good things. You come to the back of the day. We're sailing back and back to the morning and to you. That was in the day. You just do pay me for the food. That's just a matter of error now. You do. Why does no right of dinner like this? I'm going to watch the cinema. Why does no right of dinner like this? Do they get a sword? Well, I'll see you now. There's no right of dinner like this. No one with Christian duper bones. Do they polish up the face? I'm standing on the truck. No right of dinner like this. No one with Christian duper bones. Heading descend immediately back out of him. Heading up. Heading out of the train. Heading at him! What word did you say? I want them to go round. No boo boo! Haaaahhh! It's impossible for such a place to play for so long I like that a funny young one That was good. That was great. See, I haven't played that in a long time because I keep forgetting that he did the ex-pergated version. Well, now you know, I was speaking of versions. A star floor to stay in the university line back and it's been suspended as police investigate charges. He raped 19 year old acquaintance of the team. So, tell early this morning. A. J. Nicholson, you know who that is? I do. You do? I do. We're not getting married or anything, but I mean, why do you keep saying I do? You do know who that is? Yeah. You look a little like personally. Is he a better person? I just know who that is. What is? A. J. Nicholson is not in charge in his cooperating with Hollywood police while investigation continues to detect Carlos Nigran. Around three o'clock this morning, a woman called a police reported Nicholson had just raped it at her. At the West and Nipple that resort in Schphan, Hollywood Beach. The only thing we have is an allegation. Nicholson came here and gave a statement as to what happened Nigran said the victim is also cooperating. She was taken to the sexual assault treatment center for a long time for testing. Nicholson is the leading attacker for FSU, which is in town preparing for next week's Orange Bull Contest against state pen. FSU coach Bobby Bowden said he said he said Nicholson owned for an unspecified rule violation. He sent him home. Nicholson walked in voluntarily met with Hollywood detectives without having an attorney president's he answered questions in the Gronset. We talked to Mr. Nicholson and let him go. We have no problem because of his time to make an arrest. Investigators are still talking about what this isn't gathering evidence including DNA, which is typically a lengthy process. Nicholson is a senior and a starter for FSU, which went eight and four. While winning the Atlanta Coast Conference Championship decision, and then they beat the hurricanes in the opening game and the season seems to me, he was the wife as he was marginal at best. Yeah, they did. I mean, like that. That's kind of embarrassing what seemed to me. If I was a hurricane fan, and then of course they lost a Georgia tech, which is really direct, you know. I'll tell me there's another fact you just said. Oh, I don't think I want to talk about that. View? No. Well, they might be running spots on the state, but you know, I understand that this somebody's upset, but it's like somebody is in business. We don't care who it is even if there's a bigger strikes in the world. The new attitude of business, if they're in business, so we love them. We're looking at the heat. We love my dolls. We love, uh, don't even love brands more. We love everybody. Right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. If they're if you're in business, we love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. Just like, uh, Barbara Stirlian, the Jewish people I love my love. My love. Oh, boy. When I write my book, I'm going to have a big chapter about that. That whole stunt on W. snooze years ago. They were they were priming at bitch to run for a Congress. She was going to run for political office, and she was just a whole routine. Was on here this right wing nasty, nasty, hateful, phony bitch, sucking up to the Jews with Israel. This is the Jewish people. I love my love. And then I started making fun of her at Lou Crow, just about how to fart attack right in his orifice. Man, what a joke. Kind of crap that goes on. Just remember one thing on you kids out there. What you see is not what you get. What you hear is not what you get. Most of it 90 percent of it is BS okay, bull crap. BS is in Barbara Stirlian. That's he put the BS in BS. Of course, nobody knows who that is. No more. That's a long time ago, baby. What ever happened? Her. One of she still hanging out around Senator Hill from Ohio, Leah, Senator Hill. I can tell you some real juicy stories, baby. So could Jerry Williams if he was still alive. I've never less. All those right wingers, man. All those goody two shoes and fetus huggers in their whole year than all arrest of us, uh, liberal perverts in your and their all of biggest bunch of phony's man. They're all doing everybody. They're doing like fire hydrants and trees and little puppies. Anything that moves or is like a can't get away. Wow. Tree stumps. Sure stumps the hell out of me. Why some of these people ever put on the year. I love the Jewish people. I love my love. I mean talk about phony and transpirita and all the old Jews that were crawling from her. She said, when the phone she loves is real. Yeah. She put your ass in the oven. Fasten and you can say, where's my early bird? And he will only got on the pole. Where's my teeth and my early bird? Or in fact, that's a drop that I haven't played in a long time. Here it is. I have no time. I have no time. I have no time. Not that was worth a big deal. What's your number one wish for the next for the new year? 2006 and by the way, happy new year to all even those people we hate like poison and wait me like, uh, amorous. In Pete George W. Bush 195. When the loto 82 Democrats with the election 63 that have lots of sex 63 all of our troops come home only 39 that should have a zero afterage and be 30 90 when you agree. Yes. In fact, I'll tell you what, when all of our troops are home, then you can have sex. How's that? And maybe they can too. Good health 36. Get a better job 15. Peace on earth 15. Little peace. Put says and rip back on the year 14. The Elijah show gets indicated 11. Hold your breath and call up Norma can. I find the life eight because most of these people have no life. Haven't found one yet. Pink Floyd, Vionion 7 getting a raise eight a six. That's George Court is his he wants that raise and we better, you know, not that they fired everybody. You ought to be getting a raise. They devoted this one and they stuck that eliminated this position. I honestly hit that. Yeah. Come on, Clara. Let's take care of that raise for George Court is for Christ. Say, take care of somebody on the show. Just because I'm making a couple of bucks and I needed would have would buy in situation. Can you end get sold in the August pay off six? Oh, Hallelujah. I'm praying on my knees. No comment. Joyce gets fired for get a divorce for no more mo no, Mo, Mo, as good no vote and getting a good GM a QM has also got the big. You're fair. No, the big oh so far. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16. 8. That's alright. He started out of regular guy who joined the directorate and made the ultimate sacrifice and raising celebration father to Amen. Father to the Father to the Father to the Father to the Father to the Father to the Father to the Father. I've signed with my sister for me. God reminds his choice. He found the way to get through these five pants he treated him. But your life has like setre MINI for you, but your life more wouldn't your life was well  because me are just the exciey initiative. You improved your life, so you're like you finished your life. And I have to go to jail, father of two. Amen. But, for the food, I'm a father of two. All three boys and a man. They sent him to a priest retreat Where the jinn you fled and prayed. If it was you, or if was me, they'd lock this up and throw the keys away. Father of two. Amen. But, only two. Amen. Father of two. Amen. Father of two. Amen. Father of two. But, for the six of you and my, I don't ever send me effects from chronic grig or Andy from Hollywood either one of those. They're like, I don't even, I'm not even reading it, I'm tearing it up. It's really sad. And I want to think about this business as people that you despise people who are extremely annoying. They just look away. Go away, have a bad car crash, don't get her too bad, or maybe the opposite. In the 50s, right? But young, made people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young, in the return of father knows best. Stay up into the confessional belief. I don't know father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh, Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret, and you've got a private see for all the fun, just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy, boy, each time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one role, and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it will, Billy. It will! Father knows best. Once you've seen this news, sit, come. You'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Saint Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here. Kind of the same boring old community in Wapers at holiday mass. Open wide, and prepare to receive thy senior. God, Jesus, father, oh, meallie, wait for the gun. Now, Billy, this isn't just any way for it. It's not. No, it's the divine miracle of transcendentiation. I've turned this ordinary way for it into the divine blessed body of Christ. So why does a body of Christ have to taste so young? Spice of your next community with new Christ's errone. Christ's errone is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fortfall. And Christ's errone cooks up perfect every time. As you should. Hmm, can I have some more Christ's father? That's Christ's errone, Billy. Amen to that. Christ's errone, the trans-of-stantiation tree. There we go! There we was just a walkin' on the sea sand. Who wanted it, did it? Don't let it out. He's a man from the land of hell. He said, who wanted it, did it? Don't let it out. He's the peace-good, do the divine, do the peace-good. Jesus, water into one. The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet saying, To my dear, it did it done, did it? Don't let it out. The final dawn of sea and the dumb of all the street saying, To my dear, it did it done, did it? Don't let it out. What done, what done, what done, my dog? What done, do, my dog? Then we killed a lot of our soldiers. Whoa, some say he's the son of God. Yes they do, but there's other people they get so out. Now he's the reason that we have any sedation. To my dear, it did it done, did it? And he's the reason that all the sisters were saying, To my dear, it did it done, did it? They praise him, praise him, we'll down, we'll down. Praise him, kneel down the man who wore a thorn from. To my dear, it did it done, did it? Do my dear, it did it done, no yet, do. To my dear, it did it done, we'll listen to. Oh, you are dead, dead, it done, he's a Jew. You are dead, it did it done, he's a Jew. You are dead, dead, he's a Jew. Jesus is in touch before we, Jesus is doing all right. So I can't just pray in our, we don't want this and it's like a friend. No one can guide you to the start. Jesus is doing all right. But yeah, Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Oh, right. God is what the Lord says. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Oh, right. God is what the Spirit is saying. No one can help us breathe. We're worth our receipt. The offer is like to God in something I still can't miss. You. The passion of the Mo. Wh'ven the night! Won't find the way, Sam, the woman without the patience. Try to keep. Why don't you shut up and get me something to drink will you? Okay, here. What is going on? Did I run a beer? You know, wait for me. I'd rather get whipped. Huh? To the toy? That looks like a nice place to put a rubber. Yeah, he's got a nice new door. I can think of it in the mail. The world. You guys don't want to go in the pool or in the pool? Just put your hands up like this. Oh, oh, sorry, no. Between the bones. Between the bones. Yeah, get it in the meat.million. I got a experience to get in this pool so you can get handsome in my kidavillah yeah, it got to be. We guarantee you're the best on the different types of food. Don't your aunt, sweetie. You're a bull. Poor boys. Get us in, come on. Just a little trick. Uh, day here. They sent some to Valentine's Iacums and asked if you can. Sure you. Booty. Don't do that. Get yourself glyve. Be careful. Second I'll teach you to take the bread. Ah. Alyssa. Come on. Arnda, rounda rank. Choose your nickname. You know, I a serious! I'll do one here, ma'am. Well, you can see the back of the Chinese restaurant in the past May is deli. When you arrive in the city, yeah. Well, according to my weekly schedule, I'm about three days, but judge more as like you. And then in 2000 years or so from now, I'm coming back again as an alliterate retarded. We'll eat the free way. Tanya? Well, once again, step back, I'm hunting heads on the horizon right now. From the makers of the passion of the Christ comes. Ashen of the Christ. On ice. All the violence of the movie you loved, but with a triple axle crucifixion. See, columns of graceful Roman soldiers whipping and weaving around a magnificent Messiah. Are your times reports? These skaters really nailed this one. And USA today says jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold blooded fun. Bring the kids to witness and save your each moment they cross. The grace, the gorge, and the suffering of Christ on ice. On his numbers, Nick's career is not just in his capital resurrection. Can people allow a cross to country? You've been blinded up to see no gifts and swaying. And I'm a daughter of Jesus in the family. I need to tell him that I'm on a find out soon. And hope is always in the journey. Not one has been changed. No girl for every lane. No big brothers or special earth tanks, but people born and built in long history. The dragon's on top to sweat, purrs, and all across the US. In the garden's building, the hidden diamond's building, but passions don't be part of their base. Not one has been changed. No girl for every lane. No big brothers or special earth tanks, but people born and built in long history. It's so moving. Everyone is talking about the controversial story of the final days of Donald Trump, but his 12th of Genesis, the passion of the Donald. People tonight somebody is going to betray you. The passion of the Donald triumphantly chronicles the last board made it. All of a row said, you made it sound made, you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver. You could have easily gotten three times that much. All of a row said, you're fired. The passion of the Donald. He may be with, but he's never to be this. I've always fantasized about you whipping me. But if you're going to work for me, you will have to hit a lot harder than that. Katrina, you're fired. Don't miss the awe-inspiring conclusion of the passion of the Donald. When one was of a premise, finally nailed down the job. Bill Farming, it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly suite and who goes down to the street. But to find out, you'll have to endure something far more painful than crucifixion. A two hour life finale. The passion of the Donald, if you don't see it, you'll find it. Oh, no, no, no, no. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two eight. I owe my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drodd. And it's time for the skills they're uploading. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. Superfood. Tonight on Celebrity Pover. Celebrity. It works the chips. And the pod. Sounds like it. Sounds like a hell of a channel. You're fair, it's just what's going on. And some of the harder balls. All right, right. Let's make a good one. One more. One of the events now. Six thousand notes. I call you Alan because I am Alan. I don't care who you are. You're fair enough. I'm not going to go. Now, how much? Six thousand dollars. It's an awful lot of money. What are you going to do about it? You're fair enough. Tell me what you got. You're just costing six thousand notes. And one count. We're going to do it. Oh, this is an excitement. You get expect from low budget, dumb down television. Like this viewer here. That was funny. I'll go and I want to die. Become Fushie Jello in a chair. With celebrity poker on ESBU. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. The night has come. And the world, we get now day, now the only one. To the end, no point in God, we got it. I'll be all for being in shame, we got it. We know that I can stop all of you, we got it. Praise for my dear brothers. My sing-darnal love is what they've got into me. Can't you ever go through the old home of your kind of disease? You do, you must be, what they say, like they call us a rule. I say, you must be, I say, you must stay in your state. So before we prove, we'll be an angel of our, we got it. Which is our name with new daughters, this is our new disease. We got it. We got it. We all set land and frozen the south. We've had enough deep pride, it's far it out. We love to sleep, but there's a campaign. We pray a lot of church of the food to next those merge. And remember, only you who is at the frame. That's the best way to tell us, we have this on a tat. The eighth and ninth guy's got this flat, and all the Jones is our new poster day. We saw the yellow above, all the saddest, hundred clubs. And I think that that the campaign was his name. We're in a way right, and need a chance. That's good. We find a portion clear and then we need that photo. We're mostly white, and firmly tension. Here's our big peg of yellow calls, we say we're right. And we all look and rest the same, and hate the case, and cheese the same. And fear the things that we don't understand. We're actually mixing what's like us. We'll face to start the bus, so I think we all should give up and dig a head. And I'll fix will be a swing, and be the dims like a Rodney King. We'll dump the red and blue, just keep the white. And let the embossed red and straight, just don't let death near your place. And hope there's no more books for them to cry. We leave where right, and need a chance. We find a portion clear and then we've locked the door. And we're mostly white, and firmly tension. Here's our big peg of yellow calls, we say we're right. Our sign of the rarest, they seem to keep up all their injuries. Until they expose all the secret seeds, till they're not hearing what they want to hear. There's no one top fall under open air. It's the truth that the eye knew about the threat. The sea eye may judge when they say now we're wrong. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. We're not a threat. It was our tune, we heard the bombs drop from the stars from far away. Maybe we should train a tantal little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore. The price of Gaffa's deep-long, but I'm afraid that the moon won't feel any more. We'll meet again with our home that my friends. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. We'll meet again if we don't want a fair, We'll meet again with our home that my friends. Civil rights will be restored on sunny day. Oh, right. I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I got to find you I love you too And chance you will never confuse I'm a little bit tired of you Heck you still be my son We shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we we shall live, we shall live, we shall have, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, we shall live, I'll see you're going to be a pet frog. I mean, I'm not sure I'll come to New Orleans. I paned again tomorrow night. I will not be. I will not be, but put it on in your time sheet anyway. It's a holiday season. It's at least I can do for you. What's your number one wish for 2006? In Peach George W. Bush, 226, do it now. Don't put it off till 2006. Do it now. When the lot on 97, heaven lots of sex, 76, lots. Democrats, week elections, 73. All the troops come home, 47. Good health, 46. Get a better job, 19. He's out of it, 17. The year round your show gets syndicated, 15. It's put with sons and Rick back on your 14. I find a life 13. Good luck to you. Get that search party organized. Pink Floyd, me, union eight. Joyce gets fired at it at 7. Oh, hello, you. I'd have a party in my pants. Getting a raise, 7. QAIM gets sold in the ill gets paid off. 6. Get into the forest by no more a mole, only one. And get a good GM at QAIM. I guess they realize it's, it's hopeless. It's useless. It's not even none. The base of your rudders. This is by 16. Jesus. If anybody has a opinion, descending from our way, we'll face your name into that space now. I've been to the meat of the snake. Don't even have a two-quand stand. There's kind of a tough thing. Everybody's sending money. Passes you with things. Since the act of history is a little watching all of you. Everyone got the suspect down. So much but you're new. This act is for the nation. I know you'll find the food. The English motherland nation. That's as you will say. Get out and hate those food. And slip them, they borrow stew. Believe everything we can. And the state run you. Let's water for a cold man. Will you have your rest on day? Are you been to any bushman? That's as to a state. Please don't mind you see our God, bro. I'm glad that time of these food. We're passing day to buy a chain of no meat, no stupid food. All the other things. The fact that the marriage can win. And that will everybody turn inside. And the last few Wednesday. Back in the day when someone done a strong. We didn't say they're mad. In Pearl Harbor, when the japs drop their box. We found them bad. And now the soddies, they hit a side. And on our cars are little blacks-weaves. As that's all you love and retired. Voice of bombers the wrong way. And our embarrassed will be in America. Where they follow those like cheese. Do you die to stay in some arrogance? And by bush and family, free they've had this country. Ambering for it to burn to sails and are just so free. I don't want to be a tax-emarrant man. You were saying... What's up, you thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's so greatest country in the world. They train us to lose. And anyone who says that obviously. And for to be. And our embarrassed to be in America. Where we paid three hours in please. We have flagged one has to be in our head in the sense. And finally follow the powers that we have to set. And I'll just ask the front of the door. Watching state from yours on a 65 inch screen. Sretar, five, everything's okay. Think like you as say. Oh, we'll find. The Middle Eastern world. We'll be its noted. Subdoment people killed. With the gas that we sold him. First time a griscer nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea. And the nuclear tow to nether. We're right. Queen is really sober and over into our head. And he right has some. We have things of justice, corruption. Three thousand people killed. On top of that, let's exploit him instead. And there's oil to be content. So in after some time to play Kdo Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Latin. But no one sees concern to all. Some be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartelid administration. Second trodice by fear through media. And manipulation as us. Right. Queen is really in over and over into our head. And I beg, as of. Waffin's of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not to ask property. I have nothing to hide. Table partners are saying, I know being in cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoked satellite. World annihilation. Odre seems must fall. And how the virgin is so. With no objection at all. Till the crackdown at the ball, hand up. Right. We're really in over and over into our parade. I rack had some. We're pissed of mass destruction. Of the loot. Only I rack had some. We're pissed of mass destruction. We're gonna go to the door. I'm tired of it. You know, some of these things needed to be. That's the only reason we needed to be syndicated. Just to play the bits. I agree. Like that one. I mean, just so it's criminal. Yes. It is absolutely criminal. Here we sit playing the same stuff. I'm not, you know, I'm not. Thank goodness for the audience. Put the same people here in the same stuff. Over and over again. And there are millions of people out there who just be. They be scratching their ass. They be scratching each other's private. Here in this stuff. Because more than just like this jackass, this is the facts about all the great right wing of stuff. He'd even know he disagreed. Okay. Yeah, mama. Okay. You idiot. You puzzling. All the good Nazis all the time. And of course, it's such thick and an ear right. Like a jackass that called a couple weeks ago. I'm very Christmas remember that guy was using this a weapon. Like a gacha. I guess what? Happy Hanukkah and happy New Year. Gotcha. Ha ha ha ha. Before they could reach for the dial, I got him. And happy quanza. How do you like that? And as these in peace off. And happy tissue of in Sima's story and all the other bubble mice. He's how do you like them apples, huh? From so glad that Marie Levina's to alive and well. They did your favor, Marie. They got your ass out of there. Much of grave robbers, Rhino, Fink, Red, Fink, Wolf, and Petey, Bolderman, the assassin. Be as much a loser as that, Paxon crowd. Oh my god. Talk about Paxon America. Now, what he said in the song, something about Paxon America. Some like it. Close to it. Anyway, we've got to take a couple of calls. The last calls of the year. This is the last 35 minutes. We might be exciting. Order who those two are. Ha ha ha ha. What do you think? Let's go with them. Hi. Dominique, you way in. Hello. Hi, Neil. Pretty good, Olaidi. See here's Josh thinking it's going to be some chronic and it's an isolated. I think. Well, that's your an actually meal. I used to call it, but we were the couple that moved to Egypt to go teach. And I remember. Wow. But we're back from our just like the winter holiday. But I want to see what's going to happen. Do you want to start kind of a pyramid scam over there? Yeah, there's lots of pyramids scams. So we actually, we like it a lot, but I want to come and say happy to you. And I want to know where are you living now? I want to know where are you? Right now this moment, I'm in Toronto. And my nice little apartment in Toronto and my nice beautiful studio on touch by other human hands. When, when were you in Brussels? I wasn't. I just made that up. Oh, okay. Because we, we were going to ask you if you've ever been to Bruges because we just been traveling in Europe this summer. I've had about two or two. And I was just an Amsterdam last week and I will ever go back. It's just twoish witsy for me. I just, no more. Okay. All right. Well, just say happy new year and tell you that we missed the semester. You have been able to stream it a few times and try calling, but with the time, it's a little bit difficult. Well, say hi to Samson and Delilah for us. We shall and you take care. Okay. Okay. You two have a hand. Bye bye. I was in that night. I see that was great. There's somebody there living in an Egypt now. Talk about getting out of town. Hallelujah to them. See, I told you to give me a nice lady. You did not. You saw it. Yeah. If I was going to be pro-zacron. Hi. Hi. So you've heard it come on first. That's right. I guess we'll run. Here's some for the holiday. I want to turn. This is Neil Rogers. This is a whole group of people who don't know anything. Excuse me, but I do believe that's that. That's a looting. That's a looting. Let's abuse some more prisoners. Let's scream nice and loud. Oh! Get me some water and a fat tree pack. I don't care if they hate from my rack to be used. Use you to the torture. Cause they're just laying their game in the past. It has to be worse with the dumb who say. They look so nice. I said they know they're better. But they ain't let's go to the game. Like it's about to see. But you'll be better. But she's about to go to the game. But they're not going to get to the game. But she's not going to get to the game. Woo! All this happened. Calcini, Calcini, Calcini, Calcini, Calcini. Yes. You really know from people that they're sweet. So they're all in the same room. They're all in the same room. And they ain't let them all pay for it. But they're not that smart of them. But they don't have to do it again. But they don't have to smell it. And they don't have to smell it. But they're all in the same room. They don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. But they don't have to smell it. And they don't have to smell it. And they don't know what you're like. But are you going to be like this is God. The King of the King of the King of the King, Jesus for the fool, who helped the Neo-Cars King, Lord of the history, the spectacularly distinct King, and since of all my pride, it's only enough of the heather, for the life of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. O'Brien, for the life of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. O'Brien, for the peace of the nation, let the man in fact destroy all two days. Lord of the history, the vain of all his anyway. And the time I press, go, go, man. If I beat the King, go, if only one of the one of the no-can that had not all. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. Find out the title of the Q&A. I said... Ok, next enough. That... Now, I'm telling you right now, she wanted you to get your finger on it. Can you play the Hummer with that? And I dumped it, all right. Let's play it in Dumpting. Play what? Lee and Rimes. Don't know you can't do it, let's have this, all apart. Oh, it's like the morning that derpts a muffman. We are sitting in there, recall when Stern did the show about fights. Did his whole show on it? show on it that one morning in Duffess to put that music on and they just gave up basically this is like not these music and that yeah I do like that that was really something as QAM carries a water down version of the A. It was the five version of the Howard Stern show and it's still doesn't work and we still ain't got no license but other than that why worry about small details like that anyway here's what we got on the agenda no mode today well it's a sad day but it's one of those holiday weeks nothing is perfect but we do have the talented and ever less than courtesy of the two and four guilty from the senator hard rock is for a clock six thirty for the man dog don't forget no malmade dog until the new year what is what is the game the Roberto Longos show from the rest market in a cross-pring and he has a positive impact on the keeps changing by from the rest market somewhere six thirty seven Roberto Longos who ought to be a door smartening that do the tightens us each hurricane hotline from Bernie Cosa is at seven where Josh is going to be having a few more meals the FedEx Orangeville College football show at nine and then just the aggregate ten and two is a good job and what about that what is it the the peach school what is it the new chick filet the chick has the chick filet pizza ball tomorrow this is the meal rosers this is five sixty two eight oh a land that's produced rock and roll great as per borders and now these legendary can thus take tribute to one another on this new city the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic modern day warrior me means tonight today's time for me and rush is take on this Anne Murray standard the best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from C2 eight like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number oh man look at my man you're I look like my old son we're right Neil Young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit I know that my heart of soul will go like I said all there should I explain singing bright at it's crash just dummies doing the lattice more set snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon White put performing this fair naked ladies smash hit I think you're copy of the best Canadians in other Canadians the great white North has never been so great for that matter so white fine You Just write me some word, sing with the right voice song with the change KelleyHapp. King Thor. Death's death. No, man., famous episode Senes Vis of TO  L strings are Serge ... Our commercial tonight World together Saison 8 , Hong Kong! Give it up for comedian Kim Long-Bad! Okay, okay, I'll do it. First of all, do Chinaman walking through the ball. First one, sake. Put your hands together for him long-bare. Oh man, I'm gonna die and I'll stay here. That was just pain all whack. Alright, let's see if I'm a judge is Ahmed Zappa. What do you think of him Long-Bad? I loved him! He was great five stars. Oh, this is everybody five stars. Next up, my whole boy, the one the only. Ben Stein. His brand of comedy is infectious. Three stars. Alright, it is. Finally, our last star, search judge, the lovey and talented Naomi Gi. What do you think of him Long-Bad Naomi? Naomi, what up girl? Oh no! She's cheating, breathing! I better give her my smile. Oh, come on, baby, breathe. Maybe I wasn't such a good idea. Oh damn, why don't I go and do that? Oh, we gotta take a quick break. We'll be right back. Sure for more stars, search. Maybe not. Yeah, yeah. Because of stars, I don't go out at all. I spend all day indoors, because I don't want to die from stars. Because of stars, I've got a surgical mask. I look like Michael Jackson, but it's better than tattooing stars. Because of stars, every time I know's run, I call my doctor and he tells me I don't have stars. Because of stars, I cry all the time. Now my throat kind of raw, oh my god, there's that mean, I have stars. I'm trying to live here. You're a good son of magic, but you made it like a tutor that did heal me. Then if you made it this time, no fifth of five just heal past through a second. The brother, tell the man that's wrong and far away, the brother, tell the brother, man, if the both of this time don't let go. I should be your father's crew, which is a big honor. You're a better son, but it's better said, because I said, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son. We don't think they're a better son, but it's better said, being right and can be better. Then go try and go push, and you're the blue, and call the stars. Let's try and hold it with a little bit. You'll feel the right sword, but you must feel the right wishes of putting the heart on. You're a better son, but it's better said, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, because I'm a better son, or what you're going to like to trick, or push too, with a little matchside this time. Go make a bash it's you punch, through a city, and you're going to sit with friends, and you're going to sit with friends, and you're going to sit with friends. One particular message should become a surprise to you, if they stole it the first time, I wouldn't steal it the second time, because they could, and they did. 766 votes on the full. I think we're going out in style today, and we're styling it. Yeah? Go to think? I think it's been a fine day, and you've had a chance to sit there and eat a hell of a lot. A lot of free food for my voice. Yes. And I've had a chance to sit here and unscramble my brains. Once you're number one, wish for 2006 in Pete George W. Boge, 246, do it now. Is that last break through your form, and it's three, I believe? Yeah, I'd be three and a half. Oh, excuse me. When the lot of one 11 have lots of sex 86, they've a crats with the elections 80, good health 54. All of our troops come home 52. Peace on earth 23, or a piece of something, get a better job 22. Put a rick in the Southern Rick back on your 19. The Iranian show gets indicated 17, find a life 14. Pink Floyd reunion young. Drift gets fired at the eight. Oh, man, would we have a party or what? I catered. Getting a raise eight. QM gets sold Neo gets paid off seven. Oh, God. Get a divorce six, no more mo 3, and getting a good GM a QM. How much is getting a GM? Very good QM. First rise, Neo Rogers. This is 5.16.