I'm not in love with him. I'll be a loobless. Alright, I guess if you could be like in somebody else's body, you could be somebody else who wouldn't be a bad choice. Who? Tom Brady. What do you mean who? I didn't know what you were talking about. You were listening to the promo to play justice? I did hear the promo, yeah. Yeah. And who are they talking about? Tom Brady, he's saying he's another oldsIII didby... ... tattoo actually, yeah. Been... You're going to get a new marriage. Anyone who can't visit you, anyways. Yeah. Yeah. to the corner now now that he's going to easy turn to the corner and hopefully you'll get lost and will come back that's devastating yeah and then the worst part of it is we still got three years to go I got yesterday I said something about another year with this and I realized that's the congressional question next year right we got three more years of this crap at a second soul in election he's not going to be able to accomplish anything so well no you know I've been to the house damage if you've been damaged now yeah there's a 2006 the eight dead Americans is bad you went see nothing yet and now the Republicans are clamoring today they're coming up with this they want to resolution to demand a timetable for withdrawal from Iraq because they're starting to get really nervous so well what's going to happen next year sure me well everybody says it was a mistake to go in there in the first place and now they're saying it's a mistake to get out yeah well how do you get out that's the problem yeah I just say let him have the election next month and say okay you're on your own we did nice job for you we got with a Sodom and good luck to you and see and then you go into Syria you know that thing with the Jordanians the more I think about it the more really frost my fat will pimpley asked this business all they're protesting in the streets and they're outraged and indignan when other people were getting killed by these crazy ragheads then it was okay then they had nothing to say but now if some of their people get blown up and it's happened right there and then front of their ugly raghead faces and right away now they're opening up a big mouth right if where they be for when all these other countries where people getting blown away including here past roots me while there's a story by a guy named Andrew Wilde in the harrel today is Andrew Wilde yeah he's it's about how you can be sexy it's 60 yeah right you're right now we should be very sexy you and I it says avoid high risk sports that can lead the injury yeah I'm doing a job of that yeah the hardest sport that I participate in and buttons of woodbind just to rest through simple breathing exercises yeah what you should work on that with your sleep apnea whatever happened with that you still uh uh huh I never did anything about it well what is it what do you do for it there's nothing you can do I don't think I you just hope you wake up every day yeah I you know what I don't wake up in a sweat or anything like that I just sleep what does that mean is that part of sleep apnea when you have sleep apnea you would happen is your heart stops in the middle of the night yeah well at least it gives it a little rest when you get to be already to can use a rest yeah but then when it gets cranked up you know it it has to work so hard to get started again that you break out into a sweat yeah especially when the horses are in the last 16th you know it's a 16th pull you know what and your horse starts casting for oxygen you've been there was a horse yesterday I went out the corner yesterday okay probably a bad mistake and I'm looking at the form before I went out yeah and there was a horse uh there was entered called mose last call oh here we go I knew it was this the matter of time the do do do do do do do you mose last call yeah it was he grabs you guts he scratches them oh yeah I was ready to send it all in you're ready to scratch mose yeah is he akin to sex mose scratch mose top and all part we open to the number 17 for simultaneous the live racing resumes December second I knew he'd be excited to hear that yeah not that you go there but at least it's a pie you went there the only one somebody was there I'd dinner with you there right was that you first came here for this day station you know yep yeah we had a good time I give you my body that is great time you to know that I knew my crap as well as I did you to you had a couple of hours not just the pop and over the simultaneous the northfield ounces running that's right you had a number one zero one race three to one shot lots of see I remember races from forty let's see forty five years ago that's a very scary thing yes it is and I still I desperately need a lot of me to get all that stuff out of my head I told you I'd been in Northfield dance nor northville yeah northfield northfield one outside northfield right right yeah the first horse I ever been on was Eldora Janko was number nine horse driven by Don Mcamor in the first race that hazel park and he won the race of a two dollars to show and he was the favorite you pay two dollars and sixty cents and that was the beginning of a long long sad tail you know I remember my first winter took really yep and I was like seventeen at the time and it was a horse called heavenly girl at mama yeah paid fifty dollars and I was hooked I'll be there fifty dollars horse like the my second race I ever bet I've had two fifty dollars horses in my life as a matter of what let's not talk about horse racing what's talking about girls with guns you see the story in uh... in meromar this morning uh... nine see that one seventeen year old girl shot another teenage girl on the bus in meromar they got in a argument yesterday so I guess she decided today and so now we got girls a very good school in the blown it won't be long before we have girls going into the classroom and I just blown everybody away that's going to be an excess partly american uh... part of this part of the culture right there's no question about it's a good just as many guns here like my family for more show and bullying for common while got it because all the people here are hunters and yet it's a rare thing all of you have sixty five murders here this year in derauch is there a little nervous about that but that's like ten percent of what you have in Detroit at the same time doesn't ten mark have gun control like no guns one of those countries well most of those countries like all and you don't ever hear anybody with a gun on haunt not i hear them shot gunning over there but it's a different meaning yeah exactly they're good approach to one of one so i stand in the name of the uh... spent a while by those street peddlers yeah i've seen the agda that's the one the agda crack i stay the the first time i went there i stay in this little hopeful talk called the post it was like you know bed and breakfast like play yeah and they had pipes down and in the living room area right and they were filled at night and everybody just went down and joined in was no big deal there you go no it is no big deal that's another part of the whole the whole juvenile attitude of america with drugs and sex and everything is just so like he he he everything like breast in or you go any any European country that had been in the attorney on the over the year tb forget about cable even in Italy even in where the pulp gets all that other ship and it was like uh... breasts you know and new to the all kinds of stuff on over the earth tb nobody's having a risk breakdown nobody's writing letters to the uh... fc c nobody's uh... you know when you stop to think about that whole business about janit action which is now going on two years at that happened uh... that was just an excuse to start this whole fascist deal on it what was the big deal with that come with like a uh... you can see it no you couldn't even see like the breast itself with a tenth of a second episode that they made up of this gigantic elective the sky is falling so you see who the half time show is this year gilly Graham moriah carry all brother well she's got the one breast in middle of her chest as your hope that doesn't come plopin out he's he's grew some by the way he's right and right to do this deal but Louise amicela in interest in a hillways you're fairly an interest in the least bit look at that sixty percent is improve your president well brother numbers of drop in like Iraq as we speak now yes he has uh... record thirty seven percent because that i remember was thirty nine there's one more down to thirty six nine every year if you did a drop to another point and my question is how could anybody be so stupid took them this long to catch on you know including the media and the democrats and all these people like Edward's in carry now all well uh... we wish we had our vote to do over again you know talk about this thick in your finger off the window to see which way to win this blowin who the hell are they can especially john Edwards man he impresses me about as much as a frog's part he's just we he really is weak he's got like mark buried you know only not quite as costick more like i-rock yes was i-ronus morning no no he's on tomorrow morning who do you think it would be sick tomorrow earth i-rock i'm interested in for a stage on no he's not tomorrow you guys are confusing me let's say he's on tomorrow and and not tomorrow and through they know just tomorrow how about what is he on what what's that promo that we're running for you where you're talking to shank and we can't understand what he's like ooh who who who who who who have you heard that i heard the interview i did it not all but but but the promo that we're playing out of the interview he is so muffled you can't understand anything he's saying all right there you're so it sounds like uh you're in a studio he's on your rainous it's like an enough for different planet i don't know but i i like him a lot i'm not i'm not i'm not not gonna check now just i know i'm not saying he's a son you can't like all basketball players be a good guy but nevertheless you never still afraid to but it's just that you can't understand what he's saying i tell you i asked him during the interview how many people he's housing now but third man about over 400 he's he's put up over 400 people or victims of all of the are all of the people how about Jesse Jackson get all better out of sure oh i thought about that earlier you know what that pathetic what was worse was and the game last night uh rookie receiver named Reggie Brown had a chance to make a play at the end that would go to one the game yeah we're fill it off you but he dropped the ball i mean he was opening had the ball in the drop and you know what happened Jesse Jackson ran out on the field and stripped him of the ball it was terrible yeah Jesse Jackson does not have any better to do yeah that's what i was saying yesterday with all the stuff going on in the world and he's worried about uh some stupid ass football player with a big mouth everything he can make anything into a racial thing yeah well i think he was probably when it closed down stats chain arrest run sandbo he probably hit his finger with that too even terrible on says this is not about race yeah i'm gonna have to be the quarterback he's criticizing is also well i wonder what build been in rush limbao think about it yeah sponsored bigoted oh brother i'm telling it's just to you know something all the it's all coming home to roost right now all this crap they had their party there for a few years and a lot of innocent people died because of it but all the stuff is coming home to roost now just slapping right back in a face yeah it's uh yeah it's hard to be smuggled about it though it's just because it's terrible even Jimmy Carter who's known as a reo a the Sunday school teacher he's just really against these right wing uh goyum now these fundamentalists in about how crazy they he says they're all white male uh bigots is what they are just uh he's got been pretty good last few days like i'm just a moment or two of uh sanity that rovers and so worse well he's been so amazing then my can't the media to say a crazy person said some more crazy crap they instead of presenting him like some spokesman for something what is he the spokesman for we said it's making a quick buck he's just he's not yeah he's a crazy person just like uh all these other religious nuts just like Alan Fickle said told me the only one problem with the world i've told you this many many times and i would tend to agree too many goyum on that note ever since today it's probably not a big tunging day that wouldn't like no i'm not doing i got to let you're wallaheele from you uh you better watch when at horse runs again at mohorse oh god but i have four i let you know remember that dog you haven't been up there remember the dog times yika yes when time was uh doing the dog racing which i think was perfect for him that was uh he wasn't a bad dog huh he wasn't a bad grand yeah i wouldn't read the times not a bad dog looking have a great day hey youtube shove him off the balcony off the easy a pressbox and when you don't let me know about it all right see it looking for a value meal that's positively infectious and down the kFC killer blue chicken through the bird blue family back for the extra crispy legs two thighs and four contaminants being all brome nine ninety nine nine and two it's the speaker slick and good it's a killer meal on a killer meal uh that's okay fc killer blue chicken well reason i started with that bit is because the powerful car bomb exploded in front of a government building in central karate this morning telling at least three people holding trouble others it seems that the target was kFC killer blue chicken but we'll have to wait and see it said i should read that it seems to be the target was kFC but we'll have to wait and see said chic rashi and ahtmod pack of stands information minister he said the blast also recurrent one of the pack of standing in industrial development corporation building but looks like the target was kFC like that and also that's sure i was telling hank about this is uh we got a new deal now girls not not that it hasn't happened before but i think this is maybe part of a startling new epidemic a seventeen year old girl shot another teenage girl this morning on a charter school bus in miramar of all places the two girls got into an argument yesterday according to police and the argument continued this morning and for both girls got into the school bus the bus was on its way to parkway academy charter school around seven forty five this morning the bus picked up the suspect first end of a given in the argument continued in the uh thirty seven of lock of woodskate drabner county line road the suspect pulled out a small handgun and fired it is a victim in the upper torso that a thing the victim was rushed to memorial regional hospital hallywood her injuries are not life threatening thanks to the lord the suspect ran away her home located at the oh it's got the address in miramar is now surrounded by police and a swat team all i sure hope she don't have a scale in the house because that's the end of her two schools nearer also armed locked down just as if her car's near and a bell see perial elementary and Henry d. Perry middle school at thirty four hundred wild cat way ever do we had a wild cat way to do you do that I know you go okay it's probably not to ten let's get organized here it's a two-day tomorrow we got to see everybody taking the day off it sounds like a really good idea to me but probably won't be doing that we got no mode in what tomorrow we got no mad dog we got uh we got this is tomorrow's schedule we take this courtesy to which is fine for them for uh mode and any k for the mad dog in the daytime which is a little dangerous and then fill in predicate of our night is Lenny Martez so you see Joel we really are trying to give you a fighting chance we want to give you every chance in a world we will not do anything in a world of her two we're trying to like open up the door a little bit just a little crack to see if you stick your ugly ass in there holy mac and on this is Joel Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God absolutely ready No Sponge How many times must he stumble and fall? Before he wins on his Emmy. Who will the men my friend? Keep flowing in the wind. Who will the men keep flowing in the wind? That's what Miss Kamal always said, and the little Brian as well. It's ten eighteen. Where do I see something about Brian Andrews? Give the day. I was reading a little something about Brian who's top scotch in the world for, um, is it CBS? I don't know. One of the networks, and he's got assignments all over the world. And I just, uh, kill the image and the kind of, um, you know, encounters he's having. Where that talking about women. I'm sure that. Anyways, ten nineteen is five. Five, six, the channel seven fruit farm. You thought we didn't have to go all the way up the street to sonny's market to get our produce. Right? Because we had our fruit right next door. Man, it was the paper boy and all those invited way to paper boy if you're listening Craig. Uh, and I'm still not interested. Was that Brian? I want to maybe both. Right. During well, well, where did you get your best information we asked yesterday? I don't really know what to make of this. All I know when I told him, before they showed this morning. And I think I'm right is that we're going to get a bushwacked in October and the ratings because there's two weeks in there that we're going to get screwed. Because there's a lot of people just first, I don't know for a variety of reasons. I could be wrong about that. Maybe all of our people are going to say, oh, we were glued to QAmen, especially your show neodering a Wilma because you were so on top of all that crap even though you're a long ways away. Aren't you lucky? Yes. Fifteen hundred and thirty four votes during Wilma. You've got your best information from TV audio on radio. Three hundred and forty seven. That's what little Tommy Jick was all whipped up about before hang through his ass off the balcony. TV 344. WDQAM 285. That's a pretty decent turn. That's 18 and a half percent. That's not bad. We'll take it. Considering our vast news resources and our news wires and our weather wires and all these things we don't have. The internet 182. If I wouldn't have the internet, I'd just call it in sick evidence. Did you do it? Yeah. WD174. I got out of town 174. See, it's going to be put on. There's 74 people smart enough to get to bail out. When in dot bail out. In fact, bail out and don't come back. The Sun Sentinel 37. WGNO had. WFTL23. They finally moved up their 850 on your dial. It'll give you a big pile and not much of a smile, but nevertheless WFTL. There is still right in there with that clear. Palm Beach, first 22 and the money heard is in last place. Sucking wind in last place would only 16. The ACC says that's bad. And it. Yes, that. Even behind the Palm Beach post for our student audience. I think the audience hates the heard almost as much as we do. Maybe not quite, but George is really fond of L-Herald though. And he wishes he stops throwing it. Or is it the Sun Sentinel that keeps turning? No, it's not the Sun Sentinel. I didn't even know there wasn't L-Centnal. Well, I'll send you my copies. Well, go to L Sentinel. Please go to F-P-Hell. Hate them. Not the Sun Sentinel, but F-P-N. Although we've got two flat in the Sun Sentinel, who'd be like over there? We like Mike May or little bit. He's a good guy. Pretty boring. Right. One or two good comes a year. And who else? Dave Hyde. Like Dave Hyde. He's a good guy. He's also one or two good comes a year. And I'd say that's about it. Might be even anybody out. Not that I know. He's trying to hangs friend a little Tommy. Well, look at this. Get paid for your opinion. I just got a facts and ad facts. Consumer research services. Get paid for your opinion. Well, that's what I do. I get paid for my opinion. A lot more than what they're offering here. So, up yours. Broward School Board, it's counted to make up for Wilma Days. I want to pass along just a little information before we start taking thousands of fantastic calls today. Miss some of our regular friends yesterday, but I'm sure they'll be with us today. They're probably like mopping up after they hurried can't. Oh, to hurried can't speak in that loss to a girl's basketball team. Last night, Air Force. Can you believe that? What was it? 5753? A major upset is what I'm reading. And we got more of that crap. I mean, more are great Hurried Cains basketball tonight, but not on this station. Because we got to panter game. It takes presents. Might as well give that lineup. Motu to full. Mad dog for the seven. We got three solid hours of the Mad dog today. But it's so good up because he's off tomorrow. They want to overwork his ass. Panther, preview with seven. 730. It's the Panthers at the Montreal Canadian Supply. The Frogs. The Red Hot Frogs in Josie Theatre. And what kind of a name is that for a guy named Josie? Now, the Hurried Cain Warmup is on 1360. It sounds like WKAT to me at 830. And I'm a clock into the Hurried Cains against Wisconsin Green Bay in the BCA Classic from Seattle. And then it decay on RR after the Panther game on QAM. Got all of that? And he marketed down on your sleeve. Got it. On 1360 WKAT, we got Hurried Cains Basketball at 9 tonight. Everybody be sure and zip over there if you care about it. Probably don't. And especially on the yesterday, the Brown County School Board adopted a calendar and school days to make up for the missing two weeks of classes caused by Hurricane Wilma. Are you aware of this? No. Look at how Mark Fee's done on your other wrist. Superintendant Frank Tillon, Broward Teacher's Human in President Pat Santaramos. I wonder if he's going to Andy Santaramo. Who? Ernest Driver. So, yeah, if I ever give a name that you know who it is, that's probably what it is. So, just to the reshuffle calendar, which brings students back one day early from the winter holiday on January the second. Sam liked to even names that I know that nobody except the people of Papua no part know who it is. Like Andy Santaramo. He couldn't drive his finger up here knows. Anyway, but some school board members in parents that argued against the shortened winter break they wanted to see more days at it before the Florida comprehensive assessment tests would not begin in March. Instead, in addition to trimming the winter break, they provided on veterans day on Friday. I still wouldn't be no disrespect to our veterans, but it's just not one of those religious holidays. They could arrive off the bat right from the get go got one in could they? Okay. Well, don't you think it's kind of stupid? Yeah. If they sit down, I mean, I guess they're afraid they're going to offend somebody. Oh, we don't want to offend the old crusty veterans because the VFWD mercenaries in Elk come here and give us what for a year. Instead, in addition to trimming the winter break, the pork counter stands the fall semester until January 13, which sounds like a really unlucky day to me. And gives everybody a day off between Samar's on January 17. It also calls for a full day classes in December 16 February 17, March 16 and 17 April 27. And I want what would the hard, I don't understand. What are these days supposed to be? I guess you teach your work days or whatever. Whatever. Planning days, I think they know. Planned this. Planned to go to highlight, huh? If needed, two of the head city could extend the last day of classes on May 25th from half an eight to a full day. And even after classes on May 26th, how do you like that? They'll get it in there. They'll get all those kids those F-CAT in their past as to potentially not be done or than dirt. And your Fed-Az governor say, see, they be no trial behind in the F-KF. F-U Fed-Az governor. F-CAT my ass. Two tornadoes again. And the God is really pissed off. Wait till Pat Robertson gives us a little bit on this little rock and going through Ohio now, they're getting wild up again. Look at that. That's right here, the Kentucky border. Oh, right there Kentucky, two man, M.I.A. Who's there in a gym, bunning who's a crazy person. He's always screaming in the out of our faggots, this and faggot that gym bunning. Too many pitches got hit in the head, I think, when he pitched for the Tigers in bunning. Remember him now? Crazy people. Crazy people run your, look at that tornado warning for evidence that he's going to be a good guy. I'm going to go in the end, everybody. I can't totally do not go in the end. Maybe in the end, I want you, but say, I'll pass off. Alright, believe me, I'd like you better there, even with all the Mexicans. Here's our pool today. I did do the pool for yesterday, did I? A little bit, I'm all over the place. I said, the cross-evolved Hank was so heavy duty pressure today. 383 votes already on our pool today, and it's not even 10 30 yet. Aren't you impressed? No. What? 382. 382. We'll have 400 by the time we get to the bottom of the yard, that's some real pool power, man. There's nothing like pool power. 392 votes, the biggest fakers on TV ever is, and the reason I put the faker or plural, because there's like, it's a group in the beginning, a pair of Jim and Tammy, faker 86. Anybody want to buy a condo for the Lord? Dr. Phil 74, I knew he'd do well. He is so full of it, man. It's just oozing out of his big fat ass. Pat Robertson 61. Hey, Pat. The Lord is really peoed at Kentucky in the island. I'm yahu's in Indiana. Think I've got to excuse for that. Then 853, Bill O'Rally 51. Jimmy Swagger 22. I have sinned. Where are the DJ games going to be 10? Jan and Paul Croch 10. What? They must have paid that guy off pretty good. They disappeared real fast. And it's a story about how he and Paul were doing something that the old Croch. Tim Russell 6. Yeah, pretend we'd be a journalist. Her rather reverse 6. Way 3 goes into the Mussolini's grave. Kevin Chudo 5. And I voted for him and he should be number one, but you don't know who that is. We talked about him a lot. He's the faker when I was in from rehearsal, starting that book. About what doctors don't want you to know and what he's, he belongs in jail again. That one is on CNBC to gambling, channel runs his informers and everybody else A&E. All these supposedly respectable that worse. And they put that faker running over belongs in prison. Ron Popeye 4. That's bad. Richard Simmons 3. You should have a lot more votes. And Ernest A&E's, can you say, baby? Ernest A&E's we want to really bad piece. Has got a pair. And I'm sure what you'd put him on his age. This is Neil Roder. We're cheap and more. Don't go, don't go. He's 5. 16. 8. Breckley, Harriet Myers, you're in Supreme Court Permanent Winner Circle for a spot on the nation's highest court. Start the clock. Oh, the Great Wall of China. Michael Moore. Thanks, you can say, for matter's time. You're right. Ted Kennedy. There's no bone. Barry Tails. The New York Times. Thank you, Ray. You're a judge. They should aren't true. The diapers. Carl Roney. That's it. Oh, Wayne Greczner. A frosted place. A pretty bush. Shane's on the right. He's right. I just had a whip out that theme. I just love that show so much. And the theme song too. You know, something that makes me feel bad that I hate to Clark like poison. Yeah. I still like Bill Colano. Now, how come Bill Colano is dead and Dick Clark still alive? He's goes to sure there's no God. Well, there's no justice. I also feel really guilty. Now there's Josh Noobville, Colano was about it. I don't think so. You know, I think what we're going to do the rest of this week. It's only Tuesday. We're going to spend the rest of the week. Forget about these stupid calls. We're going to like, well, the Georgian. I will show up names of people that we're pretty sure you know who they were. What an education gets this week. Yeah, well, he'll be asleep before the first day. Oh, no. Yeah. Defense mechanism that way. Yeah, he's a pretty might absorb some useful knowledge. You're going to use this now. I have with sports talk, you know, in 30. Like Joe, I'm a junior. But you know, no him. But anyway, or while he macamory, but anyway, getting back to a Bill Colano. I feel guilty about that because I like those things. And I think that's because I like the Colano. He was on before either one of you were born. He was on the first prices right. And he was on a lot of quiz shows. Panel shows to tell the truth. I got a secret. And I thought his secret was he had a wooden leg. No, no, no, no. He had to hold me when he was a child. And so he walked with a really bad limp. And I thought I had read somewhere. It wouldn't let him come to find out. That was absolutely not true. But you'll notice on a, if you watched the intro channel, and those old shows, they never show him moving from one like behind the podium to wherever the, like, like an impairment where they have the thing with the chair is old. You never see him moving because he walked with a really bad limp. I say to the number show that. So I want to apologize to Bill Colano. It postemously even though he's dead as a door Neil. It's just one of those things. I thought he had a wooden leg. Didn't he anything bad by a bill, but that's way close. So I do know who Bill Colano was? No. Blasses, short brush cut, no. Game show host. No. Oh, yeah, that was that price is right, guy. Knats the guy. Very good. Tell me about him, Jack. Wouldn't you have a wooden leg? Yeah, I would have wooden leg. That's right. I think he was kind of peg leg baits. If you shake lighter, but nevertheless, yeah. Like I said, somebody Q a n. Hello. So now, yes sir, I thought that, uh, get a just a down screen and then with the both sides on MSMBC 9. I don't know his name. Tucker Carlson. I put that doodon, okay? No, chance he's just, well, the question is, Baker, he's not a Baker. He's what you see, just they, maybe the nerd. Where's the vote tag? In fact, it's like a sign that he wears that vote tag. I'm a nerd. I'm an idiot, a little right wing pan. See, nerd. He has a wife, you know, but nevertheless, yeah, he's a, they don't get it. The biggest faker on TV ever faker. Not, uh, they, they just don't get it. Plus I don't think that I, I think I did a pretty good job of having most of the bases. Ronald had a choice. Ronald had a few votes. So Ronald's got seven. I'm going to tell you Kevin Chudo should have a lot more votes. Because these, in fact, a lot of you people. And I bought the book. I was just stuck around with him while we're in his day one day. And I saw the book at the counter. I thought I'm going to buy this and see just how full of crap it was. And you know what? It was full of crap. My god. The stuff that he writes in it. Now, you know, he does, he, you know, I'll give him this. He, he appeals to our content for the FDA for the medical profession. For the, uh, pharmaceutical manufacturers. And he makes some good points. So he throws in a few grains of truth in the middle of all his BSs, which crap, you know, he's got miracle. Chures for asthma. There's a cure for cancer. There is a cure for like, uh, stupidity, you know, but the people who are buying his book obviously haven't discovered that one yet. Don't buy that book. Don't buy anything from Kevin Churo. This is a convicted film who's been in the slimer twice for fraud, including for using credit card numbers that people bought his crap with the bio. You know, himself stuff. And he's got a multi-billion dollar scandal and a pyramid scam. Speaking of, uh, that's here. And, uh, he's still on there. WC, WAM, hello. That's that line. One again, boy. I like to kill somebody. QAM, hello. Hey, I think Lawrence, well, he's still doing shows, but he's there. He's there. I want a two. He's doing a two or three shows. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew. Hey, I've got some, uh, some old names for you. And by the way, thanks for telling me about that fresh face phony. I've been curious about that fool. You know, you can't trust a face a lot. Kevin Churo? Yes, sir, whatever. Yeah, fresh face. I'm going to smack you into a post. What a, what a con artist, man. What a liar. I can't stand the guy that looks one way and in fact, he's the opposite. Yeah. But, uh, there's a good name for you. And you'll remember that old, nitsi Russell. Yeah. The black guy here is called Orson Bean. Yeah. You know, just some names to toss around. I'm out of material. How, what, what about Bennett Surfer? Oh, he's gone. He can handle it. What about George S. Kaufman? Oh, bulk of Ryan is like, he's got his finger up his nose now, but for somewhere, I guarantee he's got his finger in the orphan. Oh, yes, he's got a bad thing about it. But, guess for a lot. And wouldn't that be a shame if Gus for a camp play on Sunday? Who, what girls team on a play on Sunday? Josh? I don't know. You're my me dolphins. Or somebody's my me dolphins. Yeah, he's got the finger he probably ever did. I know which finger it is, too. They said it's purple now. Maybe he just voted. It is election day today. Ha ha ha ha. I guarantee his wife's got a sore finger because she gives a woman at the media. She can't hold the sun, send it because you got very, very upset about reading all those terrible things. You're writing about Gus, even though they're true honey, okay? I'm sure your husband's a wonderful guy and you love him very much and he never stole a freight train. All of these things, but nevertheless, he blows. Believe you me, he's bad. He is weak. Now he came through for him. I'm pretty reasonable for him. I guess last week in defeat, but nevertheless, by the way, they're playing the browns. Oh, they're going to lose that game. The browns are all that bad. They both have a 3 and 6 record, but the brownies aren't all that bad. They gave the speakers a pretty good run on Sunday. Do you see any of that game? I didn't see any of that. Well, I'm telling you, they played pretty well. They actually had a 7-0 in that game. They couldn't stop the bus. Thank you. We'd like to throw Kevin Chudall under the bus in some of the other people on this list today. And this is a list of evil people, by the way. Everybody is on this list is evil. Tell me the QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? You're a type of pick and ill? Speaking. You know, I was actually on a game show many years ago where you said, So, friends, with the MC. No, come on. It was called Winning Street. Yeah. And I had the misfortune of walking into the restroom while he was watching up. And I could confirm that the man he had had no regular with the leg. Yeah, he had the polio. He had the formal leg, I guess. But with and that. When he was washing up where his leg was supposed to be. I could have that back. But he had more pockets than his face than they're on the streets of Miami. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was pretty good. He was a good person. He was good on the yellow. He's just a natural. He was a good guy. He was a good game show host. And he was. He was. The problem is I started playing another show. Chepery. And in the middle of the show, the producer came over to me and said, Don't answer the question if I ask you questions. But I want a little bit. Well, that's good. Because it sounds kind of like sour grapes to me when you started bitching about Bill Collins. I give you leg. Oh, no, no, no, no. What was the show he was on? There was a jack from all my checkfight. That was a card to show with a family pair. Remember that? I hated that show where they had like the little green building blocks. They had to connect with a family pair. I hated that. That was an awful show. But actually many years later was on a second show. I was on the. The. High rowers with wink Martin down. Oh, yes. And I was I came back three times. I only ask you to be the actually have time to count. Waste teeth is you really have 172 teeth. He had at least 172. Yeah. Not a pretty sight. No, not at all. You see his teeth on Hill Collins leg man. That's enough to puke for the rest of your life. Have a great day, pal. And stay off those games shows. He was probably after auditioning for a while. We'll torture the other day in Hollywood. See the thing that is people realize you didn't sit at home. I guess those puzzle. I told you one time I guess the puzzle with no letters. It was the end of so high. I'm very good on the geography one. Well, they're in the world. But when you're under the lights there and you're under a lot of pressure and you're up on that stage. It's a whole different thing. You know, a lot of pressure. Heavy pressure. You think. You know, a lot of people they pick are a number of them saw us. And I think that's why they do it. They just want to take the people are really stupid because they know they're going to be stupid. And if you say, hey, look at how much smarter you are than these stupid vests. We got on our panel today. Yeah. I'm serious to make sense. And makes the audience feel better about themselves. Right. 446 votes. I wouldn't be surprised if we get in there 500 by the top of the hour. Which you know what that means, Josh. That means the race to a thousand. The race to a thousand by two. And all those bonus dollars. Oh, God. That's a great victory. The biggest fakeer on TV. Jim and Tammy Faye Baker 96. Dr. Phil 79. Pat Robertson 75. Benny Hinn 61. Bill O'Raleigh 53. Jimmy Swagger 24. Reverend DJ Kennedy. 11. Jennifer Crochle. 11. Corralter of her 9. Kevin 2.09. He should have 9,000. He should be in jail for like 50,000 years. Tim Russardate. Ron Popeel 4. Ernest Ainsley 3. And which he 7. He's got 3. Hey, which he. He'll Roger. There is ace five sixteen two. David's a bitch. He's a genius. He's a genius. He's a genius. He's a genius. And the goal is always. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Don't forget to think about the Maltmys 2, the original Doister coming along at 2. People like Oysters, we like the Doister, or maybe we don't. 1047, a QA, I'm on a great Tuesday, but I just can smell it. It's such a good day. Speaking of that, New Delhi. Remember that horrible stroke we had about the old Dois? Oh, yeah. How they doused to the, well, her with carousine and said it on fire? Showed her. Because they wouldn't come up with a good enough deal. The woman died in a Calcutta hospital after Anne saved one of her eyes. And she was recovering from a corny offer. She even once said, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Gory Chaco hoodie. Yes, it would be fine. Had complain of terrible pain after the operation in the state run hospital, but a nurse Total was normal, a left to run attended for a son soon and told the press press of Indian news agency. She complained of terrible pain, but they were saying, should be your worst problem, honey, and she walked away. Nurse probably used to work at the Rascal house. He said that when her bandages were moved, and I said they found big black ants, nibbling it or eye. Oh, geez. I'm never one for eating it early in the day, but if I were, I sure wouldn't be now. I already ate my bacon. Uh, she died a ghastly death. We don't even know the reason of her death said her son and law. Totally ate it over. The local health minister demanded a report of the incident from the hospital authorities and response. Hospital superintendent said a five member inquiry committee has been set up. And this is the worst problem, honey, okay. Wow, that could never happen to melt sign. Oh, everybody dies when it needs to rise. Oh, and speak to that guess who I saw. I meant to mention this yesterday. This is very important. On a biography channel, I give you one guess. Very good. Well, the whole the Gowns of this foth, the VG, the last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. I'm going to have to play that because I don't think there's any of the first sound and letters. No. Is there? No. We can play that. Yes. And I apologize for calling Morris give Maurice, but to me, he was always Maurice. I'm just not one of those into that brith thing, but he was everybody called him. Yes. But he called himself, it's still Maurice. He'll always be Maurice to me. If he just would have put that burger down, anyway, the VG thing was pretty interesting. And I'd almost forgotten how good looking Andy Gibber is, but nevertheless, he couldn't sing it all, but he looked pretty good. Nice. Not too much. Anyway, somebody fags just to hold Bill Conthing, that'll be the end of this show. Uh-oh. This is that. That's different. Since the 10,000 dollar per man, that's only two years to be 25 or 100,000 dollar per man. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Whore! Oh. Woah, nice. You hear that, right. Well it stopped by. My speaker has vibrating so much I'm sure he'll get a little bit excited this year. You hear the vibrations on that baby? I heard it. That'd don't allow. So, I don't know. I don't know. I don't remember that or not. And the other one sounds more familiar high. It'd not, it's for that Arizats disc that you have isn't good, it's not there's nothing Arizats about, well, let's see, maybe it is. Let's see how the продукes team sounds honest, I think. was the original one, that's correct. And somebody you know would say, that's correct. And what about the Christ is right? This would be the old one, I'm sure. Yeah. I don't remember that at all. It's before my time. Although, you know, just have to think about this, okay? I was born. I was born before I was any television. I mean, it existed, it had been invented. I'll tell you what's the definitive one. Oh, yeah, this was the original one. The Jack Clark was the announcer of the house. Yeah. And the host was that awful. What that was his name that, oh, he's a worst game host in America in the history. Oh, please, you know who it was. I'm glad you did. Thank you. What do you think was dropping the image with the Dalmatian, don't you remember that? Yeah, thank you. That's a boring. That's the one. Chuck Sworey. All right, very good. Excellent. All right, here's probably one of your favorites. I mean, you ever see the movie, the Chuck Durus movie? Yeah. I thought both of them. I thought both of them. Yeah. What is it? I saw both of them and by the way, but the one that you're asking about. Yeah. Wasn't bad at all. I was surprised. I thought it was very good, right? And also saw on biography channel, the same story, but of course, the more like two to fact. Although we don't know what true is it all because he, you know, he started Joker such a kidder like that Valerie playing business taught us all. You just really don't know now. Do you know, you never know who might be in the CIA. Maybe you have a little girl on the bus. Maybe she's a CIA. Maybe she's kind of Valerie playing, huh? Maybe she's claiming or maybe just by naming. So somebody sends in this and this is not going to be an audience builder, but I don't care because he was really good Bill Colon and he looked. It can't hurt to learn something. Okay. Maybe you might be important something. Maybe you'll be on jeopardy. And it was important to know who Wally Macalmeria is. Okay? Or Harold Fisher? Or Sandy Fisher? Bill Colon, full name William Lawrence Colon, was an American radio and TV personality best known for his role in game shows both a Soast in panelists which spent five decades both in radio and TV. And he was born in Pittsburgh and survived his childhood bout with polio that left him with a link for the rest of his life. See, in most of the later game shows, this set was designed in such a way that it came out from behind a curtain or off stage, riding on something or off a turn table so they never had to walk in distance across the stage and advertise the fact that he was a gimp at polio. Unlike the typical appearance conscious TV personality, also wore very thick glasses would became kind of his trademark, even Georgia members that. No. Do you remember Bill Colon? No. Ah, come on now. Crack of please. I don't. I can understand Josh being the little whippersnav. And then he is a buzz. You know, come on. Bill Colon, you don't know. What about Betsy Palmer? Betsy Palmer was in Friday the 13th or one of those Jason, which he was in. Was she the mom? She was the real butch mom, yeah. All then it was Friday the 13th, which is the one with the very very very first. Betsy Palmer, she had a lot butchering seven of people I know. After moving to New York, he hosted several radio programs including games shows in the 40s and 50s. His first TV game show winner take all Mark Goodson, Gold time and production in CBS 52. Hosted the highly successful day and time and prime time version of the prices right. Set 56 to 65 long time panelists on two classics. I got a secret to tell the truth with the bug colluan Gary Moore. You don't even remember Gary Moore and Durwood Kirby do you know. But I just googled Bill Colon. I recognize it now, but there you go. Say I know it. I mean, don't give us this stuff like you're some young punk, okay? You're an old part too. You're getting old, you're gray. Get in your gray. Colon hosted 20 different games show some of the shows in Long Listed to an I guess. Three on a match. The $25,000 pyramid. Blockbuster, child play, hot potato, the Joker's vile. His last game show in the 80s after Jack Barry. I'm going to the Jack Barry, Crow before or whatever. Jack Barry. Now there is a bad game show host, poor Jack Barry. Who went to jail and now he didn't go to jail, but somebody did for a funny load. Rich is Betsy right now and he's listening. I just want to get a message out to him because Rich does a cover sheet for all of his taxes. Yeah, and there's a big old box where he can write his facts in the cover sheet instead of wasting two of our pages. Rich, just write your stuff on the cover sheet and cut a crap. He always does this. I've tried to fact some of that. Let's see. I've got a secret to tell the truth match game and Dave Humber is a pyramid that Dick Clark host. He was somebody against the notion. What made Colon so beloved is that he made everything look easy. He could make the most complicated game seem simple easy to learn. He also had a disarming self-deprecating with the to do. He didn't take life very seriously. He often referred to himself as Uncle Bill and did his personality had a certain a vacueler nature. He made everyone feel welcome and wanted. It was a very bright man. A pilot during WWII, long time love of anything mechanical. A fan of the sports fan did color commentary on Colon's football or any career. He once involved in broadcasting track and field NBC. Long time ago, I've got a secret espresso that produces learned early. If they wanted to keep the game going for a while, they never started with Bill if it was anything sports related or mechanical because he knew it immediately. He was married three times. His first marriage was a brief while still living in Pittsburgh. His second marriage was the singer Carol Aims from 1945. It was then married a former dancer in Model N. McCumber. I wonder if she was Kim to Richard McCumber. Why don't some of the numbers are locally? From 1955, really? Dick McCumber, former a fantastic driver of Pomp and O'Park. How are you doing Dick? Good guy. A model N. McCumber from 55. Hill is death in 1990. From here comes the part I want to give to. OK, all you kids out there is Don Cherry would say. Long cancer at the age of 70, even a smoker, all is adult like. It wasn't a polio of the economy. Was able to get this. Kim was way along with that and survive it. But the smoking baby, the smoking lung cancer. All you kids out there stay away. Keep your distance from those faggots. OK, throw them in a trash can. Man, when did that toss him out? Now let's see. What does this say? What about Marlon Perkins and Jim Fowler from each of them, Hodge Wild Kingdom, where their stage animal captured ventures. Whatever. I'll be picking on poor Marlon Perkins. I love this pancake, because. Here's another fact this is along lines of many. How about Peter Popoff? I don't even know if we can say that. Not anymore. Did I receive Peter Popoff? Not lately. Possibly even more evil in him. Some hockiest pocus faith here are speaking in tongues. Lose the left. OK, let's put him on there. Peter Popoff. OK, OFF. I'm not sure that's not POPOV, but nevertheless then it may come a hockey player. Peter Popoff. I'm positive that the joyous to get real nervous about that. 1057, a QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562 A-10. This is the Neil Rogers show. WAAA! This is your play. Po-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Any questions? Oh, did me a ticket for an arrowplane? That's a good idea that we love working game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Ovena. Bick me a letter. Bank rope. What do you mean bank rope? I don't feel how much money I got to spend. Ten ten two loaves. Get fat saved. That's a game. Rolls throw in the towers. Still live by your powers. Ovena. Bick me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean there's no person for all? Ben, I'll pick me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream about you. And then I said I don't know what to enter. Then I don't understand why you make a hundred grand. Not for me to say. Anyway. Get me a ticket for an arrowplane. Gonna be under wheel of fortune game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Ovena. Bick me a letter. Ovena. Bick me a letter. Hey, man. I got to my safe bank. To my safe bank. To my safe bank. And then I found that one. To the loaves. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. Forget the letter. And then I'll pick Ben a white. You feel more witty. You're a meeker, but the home day. That's me as the ticket for an arrowplane. Alright. I'm on. There will be a fortune game. Then I just got to that sound. I'm in the border round. Hey, Ben. Bick me a letter. You'll return. Hey, man. You'll say that no peace. Me and Ben. No one does it any better. I dream about you. All right. That is all over the end. Ben. I don't need to stare by you wearing underwear. I will be too safe. Anyway. I don't give how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look. Get my safe jacket again. Won't throw in the towel and steal my buy-of-hawels. Oh, man. I'll pick me a letter. Please, Ben. I'll pick me a letter. Alright. I'm ready to pick, Ben. I can see the empty empty. They take it and it will be your state. We'll be back by date. That's your cover, man. Alright. I'll take the sofa on the blender. The microwave, the refrigerator. Hey, man. What do you mean? 500 dollars for a black and white fight in portable TV set. You got ripped off, man. My brother will not forget for your whole face. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man. Alright. Hey, man. Come on, man. Hey, man. Hey, man. Hey, man. Hey, man. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Well, the good thing is there is a Peter Pop-Off Ministry's identity. We'll search on it in the first thing that came up was from a website called fraudor.com. So I guess Peter Pop-Off Ministry sure qualifies for the pull to these. Everybody got a vote. And then the first hour, 500 and one, 536. Pretty overwhelming, if you ask me, not pan. Last night, there was a chick that's big boobs by the way. You'd like to hear her on a wheel of force. Did you see her? Why not? What are you laughing about? How about you, Johnny? How do I want to hear her? It's an easy old-women game. Oh. And anyway, so she, I guess, the bonus round, and she wins. She gets the, you know, she gets the puzzle. Whatever. It was a big bash, was the puzzle, big bash. And it was a nice solve. And so pan opens up the, you know, he's got the thing that she picked out with whatever surprises inside. And he looks at it real quick. It's a long story. And then he holds it up. It's a hundred grand. Which, of course, is only one of those on that little wheel. A hundred of you know that. Yes. Because most of the time when it went cash, it's the bare bottom 25 grand. Which you want to throw that back, you know, a catch in a small piece. Just throw it back. Hundred grand last night. You've been very proud. She was well-indowed. And they might have even been real, but I doubt it. He said, but the unpopular word of American public increasing, less trusting. President Bush faces the lowest approval rating of his presidency. Who are that new polliest? And the 88 is an opponent. So many pools in so little time. That's what the Pope said. Bush also received his all-time worst marks in three other categories. And they see it in any way. Say they got a pool. The categories were terrorism. Trustworthiness and whether the rank war was worthwhile. His 37% overall approval rating was two points below his ranking in October. Both line, let's see. 60% of the American adults interviewed by a phone Friday through Sunday said they Disapproved how he's handling his job as president. And we got three long torture as years to go as speaking a torture. I've booked our things like that. Three years. I warn you, people. Don't say I didn't tell you so. You can smell a fascist. You can smell a lunatic from a mile away. The stench of commoners, the mad dog, was say, Is emanating from a 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House doesn't pay attention to pool numbers. Yeah, the adiani, right? Bush also rated poorly in the new pool for his policy on terrorism. For the first time, less than half, only 48% of those surveyed city approved How he's handling the war on terror. Let's see. 60% said it wasn't worth going to war in Iraq. And 38% said it was worthwhile. When asked about his abilities, 49% of those surveyed city was a strong Present 49% said he was a weak leader. About 50% here comes the most important part of this pool. I love it. I wish that asked me. 50% of the people posted they dislike Bush while 6% claim they hate him. They don't just dislike him. They hate him like poison. When asked to the new toilet they trust Bush more than they had trusted Bill Clinton, 48% of the respondents said they trusted Bush less. 36% said they trusted more and 15% said the sentence remains the same. It's not even like that. 48% said they trusted Boba Moore, which it should have been loud heard in that. In the pool 56% of registered voters said they would be likely to vote against the local candidate supported by Bush. Only 9% said the first choice the next year's election will be Republican supports Bush on almost every major issue. How do you like that? 56% said the country would be better off of Congress controlled by Democrats. 34% said the Republican. And in the rest of them said a play on all of them they saw Rotten Hill with FPNL. Speaking of the eroding supporting from his own people, not this is a good story. Bob better late than ever I guess to before we get to 3000. In a side of increasing unease among Congressional Republicans over the war in Iraq the sense considering today Republican proposals that cause for Iraqi forces to take the lead in the next year as a curing donation for the Bushman's state to lay out its strategy for ending the war when it does get to hell out. Do you know what I'm talking about? I'm not talking about what is your fight and he's fighting this time. People in drool, wap, leaving this not just because Americans are dying as tragic it is because they don't think they have a plan. What I think all Democrats Republicans are fighting decided to do is tell us the plan to stay in, tell us this to President, what's the plan? It's the first time this has happened. Tell us the plan, Stan. Sounds like he's right line for a song. The Senate's all scheduled to vote today in a compromise in our last night would allow Terti Tene some access to federal courts. The Senate had voted last week to avoid these being held from challenging the Tensions of federal court despite the Supreme Court ruling to the country. But now the war must turning baby. They had those elections last week in Jersey and Virginia in California with Arnold and all that stuff going on. And I've just said, oh well, what was us? What was us? We better run us far away from this guy and the henwee hide, you know? Run far away. Okay, let's get a whole bunch of calls in there because I think Bill Cohen probably opened up a real Pandora's box. 560560. What the hell was that show with the little green nuggets on there? What was that? Was it blockbuster? I don't know, little green nuggets on the Leprconny. Leprconny. Oh no, it was like I think it was called Buster's blockbuster. No, it wasn't that. How was it? Oh, here's your favorite. What? That would make a good show open for something. Oh, these are all, let's go to the game shows again. Not played by Watches and but. Here's the Joker's while with Jack Barry. Yeah, that was it. Joker, Joker, Joker. Oh, he was just awful. He was embarrassing. I felt bad for him. Well, the very few people I've ever seen in tellers that he's wanted to crawl under the couch and just hide. Oh, Jack, you're so bad. And who's fascinist this crap? Okay, I mean, it was nice that we got to Bill Cohen. We don't want to do all the game show hosts. Okay, Tom Kennedy, who's still alive, I believe he's now retired. And he was, let's see, for James, Faye, Nars, Faye. I want to be looking to Faye Wayne. Faye, right? James Faye, Nars, and of course he was brother of Jack Nars, another game show host, changes name to a word confusion. I wanted to tell about Tom Kennedy. Who's okay? He was on Mocy. He was on the name of that tune. Right? All right. And then a cemetery of Jose of the sequels called me in that prune. And then they got that one in Liberty City called. Let's see, also he was on password plus, but second. He's on a whole bunch of stuff. And then he talks about Alan Lund. Hey Alan. You're fairy. I've ever talked about Alan Lund and working with Bill Colbert in Boston. Alan Lund was very to Betty White, who was obviously on bureau. And we're Alan Lund. Yeah. You're a pseudo-electro, you should know I came alive. The pseudo-electro is on the DE Collins, the Prune's role in password. It's pseudo-electro that means everything that's over here. I got it. Took him, and I was over my head. I had all the answers. But anyway, password was okay. Too much, Betty White. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Everybody loves Bill Colbert even if they don't know who he was. But like I said, Lund Cancer is 70. Put the pieces of the puzzle together. Take those camels and thrown down the turtle. Okay, flush them. Save the pot and the toss the faggot. Somebody QA in. Hello. No, the cock. Down. Down the pot. One, two, three. Yeah. Somebody QA in. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. That's a chronic. It's chronic chronic. Oh, it's chronic chronic. Oh, it's chronic. Oh, it's chronic. Go ahead. The biggest fake is in the history of humanity are the poop. Okay, great. But that's not a new drug, Paul. I was just having an open heart. I see it on there. He's a good guy. But I'm just, you know, he just looks for a scuse to call. And it's got nothing at all. At least first of all, the Pope is not on TV except that when he's shown with his BDIs and always gets used there. You know, and evil. Same Peter's Square. He's evil. He's not for the poll. Okay. You don't have no TV show. Yeah. WDQA in. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That was Blockbuster. Was it a little green rocks? Yeah, that was that. Blockbuster. That was how you go off. That was a terrible show. With a family pair, right? Yeah. Yeah. Two. Yeah. That's how Tom Green couldn't host the show. To hand out the family pair. Yeah. Pop. Okay. All right. Yeah. Well, he looked. That was a confirmation that I had the right information. I wonder if I have the theme for that. What was it called? Blockbuster. Oh, my God. It all be damn. Man, I'll be hot damn, as they say. His choice would have a say. Hot bang. No, she would say hot bang. Hot bang. Dang. Hey, we hate you, Joyce. We want something really horrible evil. And we're very sorry that you survived Wilma. Just wait till the next big hurricane comes. We're going to have Pat Robertson put a spell on it and stick it right. Well, we're going to go shine. I don't know, I remember this. I guess I remember the show. Wow, I don't want that. Oh, it's like that. I wonder what that can tell with a bang. Oh, I don't know what this is about. Now, what about the fire? What about the fire? I wonder about high rollers? Who was on high roll? That was how it was to backward, man. You're boys. I wouldn't know. Right up. What happened there? Timer rollers with Alistabek. Don't talk to anyone else with he on. He was on. I think he was on a concentration on like the last. When he brought it back for the 80-50 time. Possibly. If you balance my art James and then Alistabek. He's a good Canadian boy. Alistabek. He'll suit. He'll suit him and left. He'll take himself much too seriously. And that was our James. No, not our James. Who is the first host we went through this been a million times before and I can never think of his name The real boring guy I was a Japanese arrow at down. No, then the first host of Jeopardy for about a hundred years when you did with it long before it was that was Rebecca was Don Don no what is don? Anyway, huh do a Google on it Jeopardy and you'll be embarrassed that we don't know the name Who be shocked? I didn't watch it in that Google it a Google it Reporting in Jeopardy really boring guy very very dry very he was perfect for that show very dry very like Pasty looking really no personality whatsoever, you know kind of like to show no personality Oh, I mean our plumbing very good actually our plumbing Yeah, I don't have that bill. Why has the bill? You always got to know oh That's really What was that under? What is that under the prize bill? Yeah prize bill? Prize bill I don't got no prize it was just under prize bill I don't know sound like I got prices at the pump. I don't got no prize I don't think this is the one that's in the Karen here They came with the machine. It's a came with a machine. Oh, I know it's a good machine. Oh, no, I'm not sure Look at that more tornadoes there to meet which god is really wax his wrath is waxing hot And he is just unleashing a toy to hurricanes and tornadoes and tsunamis and all kinds of crap mudslides a flooding All sorts of things. What are you people gonna get the message already huh? That is foaming it from off about bush you think it's just them people in Latin American as you go chop his man It's not just them Everybody in the world is just really upset and God is trying to send a message Of course in fact he's probably gonna have the BG singing God I get a message to you. I think the BGs were great I don't care what anybody says. I love them. You know, and it's one of those things ever we did the pool about the artist that you like But you're embarrassed to admit they did well. They were on that pool Just because they weren't so much on because very did that false set of high voice You know, but they were great and I don't sing a lot of them was Jay. How do you like that? But boy I tell you if you go out there and ask John to public or the BG use that much or faggot You know like that right am I right? Yeah Wow that music was great Nice on Broadway. Yeah, wasn't the greatest song. I'm surprised the other macho guys Like John so Josh liked the BG's I do Thank you for that. Gotta get a message you there. It is I want to hear a little nice and Broadway I'll I'm way past on the break that I don't we'll get all this boxing. That's all we care about That little I don't you don't have nice and for on Broadway I've gotten one by BG's to them. I have a dear somewhere, but not here How can this be here? It's not there night sound Broadway. Boy, I'm afraid of that you down That's what kind of Lisa was singing this weekend. Gotta get a message to do love that song Yeah, I did too Anyway, one 15 or way past great time and if you hear is on the floor down the shower drain or down the sink Here's the answer. Get yourself a great looking head of here at a very reasonable price for my good buddy Chuck Alphiiri Not on I'm honestly looking musk right on your head not a bunch of dangerous pills that'll really Propish you off when you take them and risk your health and then find you don't even grow one follicle back We're talking about a great looking head of hair called an actual hairline system for a no amount of money Can you get a better looking piece which is why even a famous in rich guys is gonna Charlie for over 30 years now Make sure they look their best. I'm sure that Donald Trump don't go there You can bet your life on it and Charlie's an iskin like her system is 100% on detectable It's like we'll head road out of your scalp as opposed to all the alternatives which our growth test can have people follow on a four life in their ansoffatia And you have nothing to risk at all you nothing lose but the ball spot because you tried Charlie's system for 30 days After must have been all loved away. Loosen feels and smells if you're not getting action 70 89 the 100 times a day return it for a full refund make the call today Tell Charlie heard about it here on the new Roger show and get a QM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of that fantastic look at natural hairline system and like I always tell you look better and younger than you ever dreamed You could again call toll free today 1-800-3-1-2413 1-800-3-1-2413 on the worldwide web It's Charles Alfieri.com. You can't spell it call up Roy This is Neil Rogers This is 5-16-2-8 Shutter-Pudy-Dunachia Does the baby's coming yet We must not imprint it's tiny brain With noises that will drive me insane And you must go through labor without any drugs Only hunts You must give birth Insider So dear Katie, do not scream You'll be the baby's Larry dream Oh my god, you're married to a silent politician So you don't need a gynecologist Elron Lover said Maintain silence in the presence of birth One year No man would you hurt Insider Too bad the Beatles never meant Elron come up You know, 21 after 11 and 5 and 60 W2 and we got 5122 We're going to have 600 in about an hour heartbeat You know, and we got a shot today We got a shot in the greatness We really do have a shot Oh There's an old guy that shot so far Farther Right, he'd say he was in the room It's his Abygupurne He'd say yes if he was in the room Oh, there he comes back He was bombarded Is this the time for the prices right? I believe Prices right away A new new choice case A candidate show So I'm not a candidate I'm right I'm right here by the way I think he's going to die during the taping I'm going to be shows, don't you? By the way, does you ask me if I knew who Bob Barker was? Of course you know who Bob Barker is I said I'm sure that Josh knows Bob Barker Okay, well I said I'm sure you're like a nice guy Oh, I bet you don't know Johnny Olson I would say you're more from the Rod Roddy era Hey Rod You're fair That's okay, he's dead Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 I have no idea what we're talking about So that's what we're talking about The biggest fakeers on TV which we are that's our pull question And then all of a sudden we got into this build column thing Where did that come from? I don't know from your latest They might be and I know he was out of this world That's what they all said he was no Arlene Francis But he was pretty good He was no Suppy sales Ungame shows on panels and stuff He never saw a showdown Oh hey, it was really great It was a hoot, it was really fine How many QAM? Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what's going on man? How you doing? I just want to study behind what happened to George with this suspension And then I've been out a couple days I wonder if you like took somebody else's pizza or something like that Yeah Do do do do do do What happened What happened Oh god One thing about this crowd man, give a little pizza I have a slice of 2 and a run with it You know what I mean? They run I didn't steal my pizza, okay Somebody QAM hello Okay, the biggest fakeer on TV Yes, Kevin Frodo Yeah, he's on there and he ought to have a thousand votes He's got only 14, that's because they don't know who he is Mr. I think you're by giving you Right, maybe you can get yourself on to it. It gets in better health through your phone Oh, here come the least Look at that I'll turn the whole player for the head for the That's not a big deal Oh, man, that's not a big deal That's not a big deal Just amazing, you see this the one good thing Even though you get close to the big box in the ground And as you get older there's so much more you know And of course the punks like Josh think Wow, who wants to know that anyway? Believe me you want to know it You see a less down Oh, do I know That's just a little No, you know you're right. Look at all the great things you got to look forward to WDW3 all I could stuff In fact wait wait till like 40 year old guys are gonna get dragged I'm just a little bit lazy I'm just a little lazy Oh I like that thing I like that thing What is this guy's sound like on the right speed? I don't know if it's better I don't know if it's better I don't know if it's better I just don't have to totally do this at all Oh, there was a fun show I don't care what anybody says And we can go through the whole Richard Dawson thing And talk about his ego and in fact that he got Toast off the show because he was a jackass And a drunk but never laying By the way because I was thinking about you know because I don't like to watch The reruns of game shows Oh look at this here somebody said I said about Ray Coleman So I'm just before I picked this up I was talking about Richard Dawson and I played the family few things How do you like that? What does that play family feud or not? No, I played basketball. I was going to play family feud Yeah, that's about that thing is it was a comedy show Where they were just coming up with comedy lines And that was the idea so it's funny And it's always funny that Well wouldn't it have any comedy show when you got people like nipsy Russell And Charles Nelson Riley You're fair and the bread summers why hated her I don't know where And that's why jack clubman sounds like they don't think he had no lung cancer I think it's from screaming at that bitch That's why he sounds like that today jack clubman And it's strange when you thought that he would have gone first and not Tony Randall I would have I think Tony probably he probably bit the bull because of making all M babies You know when you get to be seven in you exert all your energy making a lot of babies you meet your maker Ray Coleman is poor Ray He was at that he was pretty good But he wanted to be another Johnny Carson that was the whole deal And that what we always read I guess I did read Audiences initially accepted his performance on family few despite the inevitable comparison Glontine Hoastriture Dawson by 93 high ever the shows ratings were declining I see The Jonathan Goodson who became a chairman of Mark Hudson Productions after his father's death A year earlier maybe this is gonna be place comes with a man he replaced Richard Dawson Oh, I see a very unhappy visibly crying Coleman's walked out of the CBS studios before the end of his last episode 94 where the winning family got 77 points in past money. He's just who? Why the thing for the pairs about that important? Coleman's dismissal from feud was money. Many events said ultimately there was suicide by hanging I thought he shot him saying he would learn something every day ninety six he hanged himself And Audit last in 1994 nearly paralyzed in me went through financial problems after comedy club He wanted to say they went bust he also separated from his longtime wife with whom he had 14 children get out 14 children I didn't know he was in North Knox due or a Muslim guy or Catholic or a good cat Like a really good catty several attempts to make it back at a TV most notably is hosted the cable game show family challenge all failed He checked out the psychiatric one underbender series a shocked therapy. Oh my god, just like that And he grew up California hospital and hanged himself in the broom closet with bed sheets on his wife's 40th birthday He was discovered after a horrible smell was detected by staff members He was only 40 years old and remember of the seven say as vet is now that it'll like puts a label on This is Neil Roger This is five years of Norwegian praises You can unwrap all the slime all the time Congratulations, get a light as Gabriel Solis. She keeps the neighbors talking on with story Elaine But it's actress Eve Longoria who has the whole country talking and when she wanted to tell her story She talked to us. I want sex. Has sex always been something that you have been absolutely can you handle the gardener? Hello Yes, I could have a team of gardener a team of gardener six you have made some surprisingly candid remarks like they about six Have I? Coming up I love sex Lacy You name it. I've done it I'm going to take long continues. Now would I include like a vigarner and we're how about a real Stanley gardener? It's a lot of pretty perimation baby. Who do you think wrote a perimation real Stanley gardener? You're lack of knowledge about important stuff. I know all that history and religion and stuff that you think is important You better get with more practical crap. I know like that Raymond Burwis. That's important Well, if it's autocolage class on what on the Raymond Burwis. You probably have a little tap on her in full winner too. Tony Perkins. You probably got a Perkins pancake house And that's the talk of the town. We got over 600 votes boys and girls on this pool today. That is a shocking news isn't it? Okay, even Josh who's very difficult to move off the dime because he's a tired. You know I am moved 612 600 again Yeah, Josh is moving again this week by the way Let's have a lot of built-in lecture. You're answering around. But I've never seen anybody in New York. You've got a perfect start for radio boy. This is the way the radio gypsies You got a nickel. You're not the definitive radio gypsy. And that's a steam song. I get around. It is. There's a post of fat boy who's steam song is I get Round white color migrant labor. 6266. 636 votes on the pool. The biggest fakeers on TV ever Jim and Tammy Faye Baker 124. Why should have played a little Tammy Faye? What's that good Jim and Jimmy is whatever that is? The media is sick and they stopped out. You know the one I mean, I'll get to it. And also impacted fart. Dr. Phil 1114, Pat Robertson 1114, same guy, different smile. Then in 1888, Bill O'Reilly 79, Jimmy Swagger 31, Harald, a reverberate 21, Jan. Paul Crotchate 16, Kevin Trudeau 1114, if you knew who he was, you'd be back on your computer. You'd be Squeezing it. You'd be hit them without ball pean hammer. You'd be going crazy. Kevin Trudeau The logs behind bars, revered DJ's Kennedy 21, he or 12, he ought to be in there too. Tim Russell 8, phony, Richard Simmons 6. Let's have a deal in me. I'll kind of everybody deal in me. I'll be a likaards. Do some sweat and sweat in the oldies. You're gay. Yeah. Ernest Anzley for Ron Pupil 4 and Peter Popoff is only got one. Peter Popovitch. Peter Popoff. What a name. The Peter Popoff ministry's he's got that magic water. So hold your water. You're least the author. G. O. Pete Governor's race tight Harris trails Bill Nelson has sent a bit by about 7,000 points. Attorney General Charlie Chris, two fair and chief financial officer, Tim Gallard, who made deadlocked in their bid for Republican nomination for Governor, while US representative Katherine Harris is far behind in Cumberd Democrat Bill Nelson and US and raise a new pool of choice just out only moments ago. Bill Nelson gets 55% against 31% for Katherine. Let's fix the election Harris. That's not even close enough for her to fix you know. Harris, however, was favored by 46% in the primary race against US representative Mark Foley. You've far as a lot of queens running this race is in Florida. How do you like that next year? Mark Miss Foley and Miss Chris. How do you like that? KS 46% of Mark Foley 29% so that's good news. Foley, however, would further about to same against Bill Nelson. So that's really good because it looks like they'll pick her to run against Bill Nelson and it'll be a shoe and throw Billy Boy. Who's kind of weak if he asked me? He ain't no body gram. Foley briefly saw if Republican nomination presented last year before dropping out for personal reasons. And hasn't said whether he'll challenge Harris in the primary. Who you kid and Mark? Come out to me now. What did you wish to say? Jesus. So you kid anybody or what? Nelson was elected. We know that. The survey raised the possibility of a close 2006 governor's race. Why? US representative Kim Davis is a 10 YC governor. A Kim Davis is a 10th of a state set under Rod Smith and the Democratic voters for the party's nomination was in a statistical state. And he was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was a 10 YC governor. He was president. He was a 10 YC governor. Then поставed. He was a 10 YC governor. He was assigned a 10 YC governor. If you were a 10 YC governor or 29 are fixed. Yes. He was a 10 YC governor. He was Linda lee Sed Kita boys. a seven or reading these on here to be honest with you because long overdue that somebody takes a glove off and cut the crap already okay how is it that people were so blind maybe they were like I don't know what they were doing they were like looking the other way they're always looking the other way they're worried about important stuff like survivor uh... you know if salani stuff like that survivor uh... chett nuga crap that's you Americans specially is crap and that's why we got what we got now but even even even the people obsessed with crap like the god squad even there started to say well wait a second here we got some real problems with a school fall dot timeson rights as president bush jets off the age of he flees of country bitterly divided by policies and republican party open revolt or his many failures the mood in both the white house and nation harkens back to the days of linen johnson and Richard and Nixon says we turn political science professor George Harley who served in the next administration nixon was able to fly to china for a while various problems with diplomatic crimes nixon like bush was a flawed president unlike bush nixon had diplomatic skills bush leaves behind a nation in turmoil ripped apart by an unpopular war in Iraq and increasingly distrustful of leader who sent americans to die there is use of veterans data with a component to his war has angered and further alienated veterans groups another political misstep by administration bar by frequent escalating screw ups the president resorted with all playbook of discredited rhetoric about the war on tear and political attacks and his own political fortunes and credibility diminished it said a minority leader the glimpy hairy read nor relation to great with posturing fifty seven percent american people leaving bush lied to leave this country in war in Iraq and let me can i interrupt this at the point but if fifty seven percent of public believes that he lied to get his in this war we got almost twenty one hundred dead americans why are they not impeachment hearings going on right now shut up company what he made america republican political strategies now tell their candidates to avoid any association with a president and moderate their views away from the extreme right wing position of the g o p other five is done to catch out of that okay the president is gone too far and the party is gone too far so it's hardly those who return to the center might say the chance to next use of intermolitions those who stick with the president the far right do not no chance not a zippity do not even notorious conservatives like Pennsylvania senator rickson term chairman of the senate republican conference are avoiding appearances with bush sent to our side of scheduling conflicts that kept him from appearing with bush during the president's veterans data attack any Iraqi war critics but sent to our possible radio talk show host a tough shot shot time is a shot of the dead man can be on the court don i'm a state doesn't intend to appear with the president for the time being he's keeping his distance shot shot shot my ass sent to a need to re-asset operation was established in the pettons from the president so voters believe he represents their interests is curie madana who looks analyst and post reprimant martial college in Pennsylvania republicans like can have every reason to be concerned and they are they are republicans he'd be here with his own a civil campaign with bush when asked if he wanted president to come to his district he said in a word no not at this time a word in a word a word a word also says that he won't use the president in a campaign as other republicans admit bush is dragging the party down bush is in a funk says former senator leader bob dole maybe he's one of the funk brothers he's about hit rock bottom and the party is down there with him sizzle bob dole but others say the president's fall can continue and with the efforts of the GOP a last minute visit to Virginia stepper republican if only well-colloted in the stump for right the stump for republican governor to tell candidate jury kill gore said is one of the reason to kill gore lost the ways he had in the bag weeks earlier and losing geo-pecandid news jersey blames the president's unpopularity for his loss if for his numbers were they were a year ago even six months ago i think we would have won the force to set up for losing democrat john corzine other republicans maridon scandal faced a flescent battles next year said majority of the reveal fist caught up in an insider stock investigation would lose it the election held a day full shows bush is trying to turn the tide by launching a new series of attacks on his opponents a well-worn strategy often used by chief political adviser Carl roved to rescue his president times a crisis but back last year against the veterans day speech against the public isn't by that act this time around the public has heard all this before and it isn't selling this time around says political scientist harley with a policy to maridots of us in the republicans god trouble that starts with t and rhymes with b and that stands for bush and he liked that neck you starts with t and rhymes with bush and smells bush milk 650 on horse were gonna have a set of votes by the top of the new now and you know something we are really rolling you know and pretty soon you start smoking it and then Joel can like jump right out the window this is real ross this is five 16 16 only in the banana republic baby only in Miami I was working in the White House late one night when my ears heard something that wasn't right a cheating car over that scoot of guy revealed the name of a CIA spy roe baby it was launched today arm hate now the all up the curriculum and hate indictments coming hear the 1800 it was launched late It was a long story. George Bush is starting to think things are looking pretty pretty. The 11th Amendment's calling for withdrawal from Iraq was just a feat of an incentive of $50 to $40,000. They're short-curl of an screaming and just tickulating and just got those by-fuckals down on the way. Here's a little more on that girl's shooting stuff. A 17-year-old girl shot another teenage girl this morning at a charter school bus in Miramar. The victims injuries, thanks God, are not life threatening. The two girls got into an argument yesterday according to police and the argument continued this morning after both girls got in the school bus. The bus was on its way to Parkway Academy charter school around 745 this morning. The bus picked up the suspect first and the victim and the argument continued. In the 3700 block of woodscape, drive near county line road, the suspect pulled out a small hand gun and got a thing hitting the victim in the upper torso. The victim was rushed to Memorial Regional Hospital in Pembroke Pines. Is that where you took me that time? I think it might be. Yeah, where I had my, my vet had a little running with the wall there that time. A little bunk on the head. The suspect ran away. Her home located at the 7th and 7th and Miramar is now surrounded by police and a SWAT team. Students who witnessed the shooting, so the victim joined in with the other girls yesterday and making fun of the shooters here on the school bus as it is. If you don't be messing with my hair, baby. Right now, a physical fight broke out between the two girls continuing the hood. Today's student witnesses said the shooter who had a black eye got out of the bus. What up to the girl? But I've been, I got off the bus. Two girls near where are also in the lockdown as a precautionary or anobelsea periometry. And Henry D. Perry middle school at 3400 wild can't way. Parkway Academy still opened with parents allowed to take their children home. How do you like that? Make fun of my hair. So if you do that normal, you quizzling. You fatter right. Five, so anyway, I got a pretty impacted fart in. It's interesting how different a host has a different effect on the show. It's a really good show. If you're all like card sharks, there's something AOA and game shows go. Yeah. I remember talking to a shark. I saw it. I never played a long, you know what I mean? Why not? It was what I was standing here. Anyway, the first host on card sharks was Jim Perry. At least I believe he was first and he was very good. He was excellent. He was the definitive host. And then the second host was the anxious with a stiff collar neck bobby banks. When I see bobby banks, I want to go on my hands and he's crawling into the bowl and put my guts out. I did bobby banks give me spilties. He makes butterflies call all over my body. Can't stand him. And conversely, we'll afford to, which, actually, I don't know if it ever went off the ear or not. But when Chuck Swillerie was on what it used to go shopping, you know. And they had the little ceramic Dalmatian, lots of a grip. The show was garbage. And I don't think it was ever really a major hit when he was on it. And then all of a sudden he came low key pad say, yeah, who the, he, you know, him and van between the two of them is not nothing special there. It's, you know, when her fly chest and everything. But the fact that it matter is it's a hit. And I like it. They're just see their perfect for the show. That's not to show that requires a lot of like, the dynamic personality. Is somebody like, uh, messing you know? Yeah, no, Pat, Pat's big thing is he shows the end of the show when Tom runs out. He gives the wheel one last spin. And more often not because I think he's got a breaky steps on it lands at $5,000 and $5,000 to that $6,000 a letter. And you're saying, holy crap. You don't understand? What are you saying? I don't know. You really want to see that show do you know? Well, why not? Everybody watches real. Oh, fortune. I'll find that. Get out of here. I've been watching Josh's scene. Yeah, I don't have a problem. I think it's fine. And the nextügen. Wit. As others don't know right now. Nice motifs. He's not gonna see it, like, Thomas Oakley. Yup. Can he see him the easiest punch though. He goes away with whoa, he's fit. What, uh, uh, so young. What, uh, uh, so, uh, so easy to be summation of. I can see who just��고 him the firsthole in the show, and I was Bowl Q2 in the show? The maneuver to weight your weight on and finish the show, and finish the show 1 if you're laugh, so beef with hong, punch out of the shit. At conquered the show over and he eventually shot a bow. I don't want answer a question with a question. I don't want to wait. I got minutes for it. I got the question. Is that way the fortune before she even turns the first letter at a band of B. That's the point. Right. Really easy. What is not easy? It's not easy. It's not easy. You had all. When he answered the puzzle, his isch coming Michigan. How many people know that? Hasn't challenged me since I was a child. WQ, Q, Q, A, M, hello. Hey, Nila, you're doing. Okay. I got a message for all of you guys in the audience. Body wash is for fang. You're fair. Yeah, right. Really sad. We had to teach these people how to like a body wash it and we're to smear their new to Gina. Well, well, well, how to, well, how to, what kind of poof to buy out there? It's just very sad. The leaf is just our mind is leafa. I don't know where you come up with a loop or crab. Mind is leafa because leafa is a play on the word loopa. Well, I don't care what it is. I'm here. I mean, if ever, anybody say go loopa go at the hockey game. No, but they say go leafa go. The Italians say go leafa go. WQ, I am. Hello. I'm falling and I can't reach part but beef. WQ, I am. Hello. Wheel. Yes, sir. Even Charlie Babba watches wheel. Oh, I'm fortunate. Ha ha ha. Great. I don't know whoever he is. I have no idea. Charlie van Dyke or somebody like her. Some Dyke. Who the hell knows who cares? Everybody watches wheel, fortune. You guys out there. I'm the unit. I know it's a good show. And a lot of guys that watch it just for vana, which shows there really desperate. But nevertheless, I used to. She's okay. But she's, I mean, if you were to tell me that she's hot. You know, you see that 100 grand last night, she was hot. She made vana look like, he's got a lot of come on a parker holes. Much to do about nothing. Who? Right. That's what I'm saying. She's certainly not hot. 7008 posts. I must be reading that wrong. I must need some new, a magnivision reading glasses. 708 and study the noon yet. What the hell is going on here? Maybe the post will move the loser over with. And of course, you know, this advantage like Tommy says, I'm out of touch. Thank God. I don't want to be in touch with that place. So, you know, things kind of like coming back to normal. And the least I asked that is because I got a story here that says 400 out of St. Signals have Howard Dribber's fuming at lengthy red lights. Like that. They're out of sync. The light thing is still a problem. Your body washed. That's okay. In the sink around the ledge. But this is out of sync. You know, you guys that are still using soap. I'm going to tell you. I don't want to knock you do whatever you want. Like we said before. Watch whatever shows you like. Listen to whatever you like. Stick your finger wherever you like. But the fact that it matter is I use in soap is pass a. And especially in Florida where all the beautiful beaches, at least they used to be anyway. Go go to the beach with a two piece bathing suit guys. It's a little on it. And they were like with the, you know, and what they used to look like. Yeah, with the stripes and the stripes like a person off it on. You know, you see them in the silent movies. It's ridiculous. And they were made of wool. Were they really? Yeah, they were. They were the documentary on it. Well, I'm not sure. I've wily not on the suits, but just the swimming recreational swimming in general. There were made out of wool. Yeah. Can you imagine where that's got wet? Oh, man. I'd be a little sheepish about where is that? Like that would be. Got wet. The traffic signals on your commute might be working. Well, and I just happened to think about that. Think back to meat evil times all the night nights in armor. And now I mean, how how does people are even keeping human race going? Because they by the time they got all that stuff off, they probably too exhausted to even do anything. That was the only kind of birth control they had. Exhaustion. Good. God. Now the Scottish for example, at least where there was built right. Quick access. You know, quick quick access. I like it. Traffic signal. Oh, and of course, we're too bad. We can play ever again. That's really said can play that bit. That is really very sad. I'm desperately trying to do. I can't find it. Play a little bit. I know it's under stick. I'm looking for spoon. It's not under. You got the stick in the spoon and it's not pretty. Okay. Let me tell you. They are so as silly as the Brits are to Scottish are like they take it to another level. And it's high comedy to me. And of course the people in weightals well well well well well. The traffic signals on your commute might be working, but they aren't necessarily talking to each other. The results drivers are with the mercy of fickle lights that hold them hostage at no more intersection along a single street. It's a very big wreck on on native friday five yesterday. The floods side streets with drivers looking for shortcuts is half in Monday morning as Joshua knows. And the situation becomes even worse. You could almost tell how to make a way bacon was ahead this morning by the Grab Skinny tell. I can spell it. Good healthy aroma from it. I can't tell you how many times have come to a large intersection that's fact that for miles and the light is only letting five or six cars through a time to jump and maximum across springs. And in addition to replacing missing redamant signal heads and rehanging wires is, cruise must also be said that timing of hundreds of signals knocked out by Wilma. When synchronized traffic lights. But first of all, one would have lights ever synchronized anyway. I wanted that. Oh, maybe I'm not out of in there then right before you turn. When synchronized traffic lights were a thermo to resist steady stream of green lights on major roads during rush hour. The way I've always found it is that when you go through the first light you see the next one and just as you're getting to it started to go zero above, you know, half a block away when you get through it's red. When they fail drivers might hit a string or red lights are way longer for turn arrows on the side streets. If the traffic volume jumps suddenly while the signals about a wreck, the delays were even longer. That's what drivers in 95 experiences that in morning when a fatal crash crossly sound money. About that. Theresa O'Connor, for a lot of days, said the old time signals are making driving more treacherous. People are trying to beat the red lights he said. Matt's new, who commutes from cross brings to Boca, said adjusting the timing with saw a lot of problems. And what if a long time ago too, empty get through the intersection and it's clear sailing he said. I know the priorities I'm getting all the red lights re installed and working, but after that's accomplished. Somebody needs to address this problem. Really, some of the gridlock we're stuck with. A Broward's 1326 signals about a thousand normally are synchronized. The county has said we said the timing of 600 living 400 still to be fixed. They're way into behind man. They've got a lot of work to see it to do. Lot of work. G-Hodale Ide. What? Director of Broward's traffic engineering division is a guy named G-Hod. Uh-oh. Said at least one of those said a life city of intersection on seven major streets in Broward was synchronized by Sunday night including Brad Bovard, commercial Bovard. Hollywood Pinesville, Barth State Road 7, Sanford Road, Federal Highway University, Grab, and a parkage in a fair tree. He said the county is retaining lights on one of the major streets that pass within miles of school zones and it's got a list including sunrise, Voward and Ruseb, open park, Voward, Powerline Road, Navajo Road, Rock Island Road, Lions Road, Pine Island Road and landing, Voward, Hayedas Road, and Flomengo Road. The timing isn't perfect, but if traffic is too heavy the bottom of my intersecting streets is the same. They need to be adjusted. The G-Hod mice do say. The G-Hod mice do know what are their all screwed on. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. This is the new Rogers in 2012. It's brought to you by the 1112. What do people buy tickets? A grenade, 91112. So I see some pizza. Or for me. It is the top, top, top, top, top in the middle of life. I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. Proposing a book to think you're the Jesus. I should never eat things down alone. Okay, back off the track is right, I found a book. I'll give you time for the package for. You're the one who's got to say, now my hot stuff. You must decide on all my efforts to solve. I'm dying all the years. I guess I should have known what to expect, because in my arms. Which the kind of service you've been in this town, I would have to leave too far alone. If I didn't meet that crowd, I shall loo. Why can't you name me so stupid? Why can't you lose and get it right? My foul was a block inside my heart. I'm dying all the years. I'm dying all the years. 12 or 4. Are we one of these famous families? We've talked about Chuck Burris before. I'm going to commit suicide with a bad drug problem. I'm going to blame myself and to visit them. I'm going to blame myself for his daughter, killer, or killer. Do you want to say that? How about the beaches? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I was there. I remember my gallbladder episode. Last thing I said, I got on a phone with... I'm dying all the years. I thought that was the end, man. The job they did on me. I had a break my way out of that place too. 731 votes on the poll. We are going to make a thousand of them. My name is Ish Kibbibble. How do you like that? 731 and we're having a lot of fun. You know, I'm going to do tomorrow. I'm going to take a preliminary poll. I never... I don't usually tip our head on the polls. But a preliminary one. I'll stick it on there earlier in the poll too. Favorite BG song. And then of course, we'll put the BG sucked for those people who want to say that. Even a way that would say that is got taste in their nostril. You know, taste in your earlobe. I say, kind of crap. Is it? When you agree with that? Yes, I would. But you know, there's part of our crowd. It'll say that just because it makes them feel better about themselves. And then it just to prove that I'm all whipped up about this after lunch today. Because I am thinking very seriously about lunch right now. Me too. What are you thoughts about dessert? I want you to see them. Well, we haven't actually have to go out and get that. I don't do that. Ten? Why not? Well, because it's on cable periodically. I'll catch it. Oh, it's on cable all the time. But you'll never catch it. I think you'd like it. It's pretty bizarre. But it's not. And she's really cute the sister. What's her name again? Whatever her sister name. The biggest fakers ever on TV. Jim and Tammy Faye Baker runs with Faker 144. Money maker named Baker and Boyd. They were fakers. Anybody want to buy one of them condos, huh? Condo for the Lord. Parabasant 135. He's moving right up on their ass. Dr. Phil 132. We got a nice three way race going here. Vinnie, him 99. Bill or Rally 93. Jimmy Swagger 35. Horald over her 24. Jan. Paul Croch. I've got a team. Kevin Chudos 17. You should have 17 million. He should have people not pounding the door down. You faker. You quizzing you. Manián. You fair. Yeah. You con artist. Or speaking of cut artist. Reverend DJ James Kennedy 15 and anti-Semite as well. Tim Rasser 9. We have a team. Ted Ehnsey. He can say baby. That's all he can do. Bad wig. Richard Simmons. Richard. Ron Popeau 4 and Peter Papa. Solomon. I guess just like me. Nobody else knows who that is. You ever heard him? No. Josh? No. We never heard no Peter Papa. Like I said, his ministry is under the Google ad. And you see. Fribe.com. You immediately know that this guy belongs to it. We just don't know who he is. Maybe we're bitter off. I was on to tell the truth in 1963. Oh my God. But, I would be insane. Right. The panel was Superman. But, I was Superman. Yeah. Hello. Hello. How are you? I'm from Themed Sun. Oh, is your name? The panel was in Fontaine. May, A borrows. And the borrows, Big Sany borrows, with Big Sany head. Yeah, pretty man though. But, anyway, and Phyllis Domingon. And after the second rehearsal, the producer called me over before they take the final show. Yeah. And he said to me, listen, you can't be funny on this show. But, Kaya has to be funny. I said, but I'm not trying to be funny. Anyway, they take the final episode. And one of the questions that was asked, what do you wear when you do this? By the way, the name of the person was Mary and Hathney. She used to jump to us on the pier on the back of a horse and it was 50. You know, 50. If you remember that, I knew. Anyway, one of the questions was, what do you wear? So, the first person Mary and Hathney says, I wear a cry helmet and a bathing suit. The third person, I was in the middle, said she wears a cry helmet and I said, after the noon or evening. I'm the place to ask the speaker out. That's the next question. Two questions later. They said, number one, how big is your horse? And she said, she didn't answer it fairly. Number three, but you know, how do you measure a horse? Okay, well, I guess you had to be there. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Why did I wait so long? I try to be nice guy. And I just just waited a little bit to go on the work. Oh, who bet that was before great weed time? He could have been a great panelist on there. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, six in the revised and singular wireless line. See, this kind of stuff, I mean, reminiscent brings out all the living and breathing younger cars. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Yes, sir. You know, God. I didn't say, I thought a funniest bump is thicker ever. It was a picture of W and it said, like a rock only summer by rock solid. Excellent. I like that. Like your rock. Okay, thanks. Well, I tell you, these are phone every week. Oh, boy, we need to go today. They let you know that they're going to go. Dominic, you weigh in, hello. Two A M sounds off. He has a soundlet to me, don't it? In fact, I don't see anything happening there. Oh, there. It is to me. I see that. I like what must be catching on to him. It was the wrong line. Do you want to know Peter Poppuff's pop office? Yeah. He's some terrible guy in the morning. He's always got this miracle water. And he's always telling me if you drink it, you're going to get lost in money. There's always some crazy black lady on there go, oh, they said me checks and they come in one after another. What else is another thing? Look at him. He looks like Satan himself. He just said he's. Oh, God, he must look like the president. Yeah, he's terrible. He's a lot. Okay. And he said they're both terrible. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Peter Poppuff. He's on the morning somewhere. Maybe he's on the, I don't know where he's on. You can Google it. Yeah, the Senate defeated the Iraq War Time Table 11 amendment because it's all Republicans, you know, at least most. That's what happens when the Democrats who's all assembled elections, but we get like a Mel Martinez in there. He got real tourists, maybe. For help on this, we better go to Peter Poppuff and start drinking that water. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, we're making fun of the pizza shifter. He might come and give you a bottle of ink. Yeah. Oh, that's it. That was you. Then. WDQAM Hello. Welcome to WDQAM Hello. Hey, there. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. Let me turn you down over here for a second. Please. Thank you. You're talking a lot about Bill telling this morning. Right. He was great. He was good. He really was. That was the quintessential TV game show host I think. Right. And you were talking about him having polio. He did serve in World War II and he did get his leg shot up on top of it. Wow. My father was on this show. I guess what a whole bunch of great. I'm a show. I guess. Yes, I guess. Okay. It's a good show. The call is a great. And they really are. Have a great day, Pally. And you did end the CF. Probably it's past noon at 5.60. WDQAM. We're going to have like 800 more hour and whatever we got. 7.50. It already. I am so impressed. You can take some actual pre-sistible queen. I'll tell you that. For I am really impressed. Here's the facts. I'm impressed. A lot is being made about prep of beef. I've had a very long same crack different year. Sodom was saying, but we put a loop at a bar. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this goes on. Thank you very much. It's called Restane in the obvious. I agree with your whole heartedly and you make a very good case. But it's kind of like that guy that called before it was on to tell the truth. They wanted to like recreate the whole show one year. It would have been okay after the first little QC. I'm saying, but I think I think he's still talking. I could be wrong. But I think he's still on the closure of that story. 12 13 at 5 16 every QAM. But even loves the Orators. I've been slept for three days now. Oh, we got pizzas in there today. We got extra for him. We got extra pie for the mulmester. I like to see you going there and offer me a piece offering. It pizza offering. Off we already turned down. If you turn it down like you said in the godfather, if you refuse first time, he won't ask you again. I'm not going to beg him to take any pizza. It's here for anybody who would like to have anybody who would like to have. Anybody who would like it is a whole bunch of pizza from Tony's right up to street, Brad brought it in special. The chef cooked special. The girls will knock you socks off. 773 votes on the pool. We're going to have a big deal. We're going to go over a thousand days. Easy without any stress. No mess, no stress. No undress. Speaking of undress. Mom's 6, 40s in 30 years. But 30 minutes. Tell term. Remember that story we had? That's tragic. Golden Colorado. They should have given her a star. A gold star. A purple jelly. Right. Now what are you? I now you're making me really hungry because I had lunch on my mind already. What are your thoughts on Missouri? Skip it. A woman who would, and that was somebody says, well, maybe that is what he says. You got to see that movie. I'm telling you you would like it a lot. It's a very, very, very, very huge. It's a right up your alley, Sally. It's very good. A woman who, uh, 30s had sex with high school boys during alcohol and drug fuel parties. Oh, right. Has been sentenced to 30 years in prison. This is what he said. This is in golden Colorado. I do like there must do, though. So be a Johnson 41 of our vanicolar. I've described herself to investigators as a cool mom who was never probably to confess mates in high school and who has begin to feel like one of the group. It was kind of a group group. I see his 41. What's wrong with that? He played a gilly in July to Mr. Meiner council's sexual assault in nine felony counts and contributing to the Duincolancy of a minor. She was also sentenced for additional charges of 30 be as salt, violates the restraining order and harassment of unrelated cases that above your husband and children, partially could a prosecuted spokesman Carl Blasher said, Blasher authority said Johnson held parties for the boys almost weekly between October 2003 and the next October. They said Johnson provided drugs and boozed to eight boys that sex with five of them. Johnson was to be sentenced to 1026 for the hearing was postponed after she was injured the day before while writing in an SUV that veered off an interstate. She's got some problems for a Soviet right? She just having a tough go of it. Look at that. What does that say? A ledge brought in right off election and where? Well, that's in my very little care about that. We don't have to participate. You care about Liberia? Not really. Not that Charles Taylor is going. I want to feel still driving a North Old Boundary Charlie Taylor. I'm a Frank Taylor with a one thumb and Ted Taylor. Sam and flavored soda anyone? Oh, I hate to do this while you're in the middle of you nice lunch from Brad. All right, go for it. Jones soda as a Pacific Northwest twist with Thanksgiving flavored and it smells fishy. You know who they had on from Norley and said that they'd have been to try like a hockey everybody to go there and it's really going to be great and you know just avoid the swimming of tutti rules. I give up. Tall Prudon. Oh, I've had shift. I was like Tom Deloise. That was the only name that came to my mind. But I thought no, that'd be too easy. Oh, and it was. I don't know anybody else from Norley. How about Emma Lugassy? That's done. He's got a couple of restaurants there. Emma Lugassy. He's also got those restaurants in Vegas and they're not really good. What is that? What's the oil? It's Wolfgang Schmuck. Did we ever get that restaurant? It's in the MGM. I've walked by it. That's kind of a idea. Is that bad? The food is pretty good that the portions are just enough for like six people. Why the right of restaurants do that? Well, what's the point? Are they trying to impress you? I mean, nobody in Vegas is going to take a doggy back up to the remote officer, a real pig, follow him saying like, well, it's just not done. So what's the point? Like, like, if you order pasta, they give you enough of a family of 10, you're like, put it, fill up a bathtub with it. That's not like a good idea, right? Yeah. Has somebody like sprinkle a whole bunch of maybe great fresh parmesan all over you. For beverage condosures, tired of turkey and gravy or green beans and casserole flavored sodas, there's a new choice being offered to see her by specialty US soda manufacturer Jones soda company, salmon to which I say, spare. I like salmon to begin with much less salmon soda. Yeah. Jones soda, the Seattle company that scored a hit during last 12 days, season with its turkey and gravy flavored sodas, said it's offering the orange-yued fish flavor drink this year and not any Pacific Northwest salmon catch. I mean, if it tasted like tin salmon, that would be different. Even Josh knows who tin a salmon is. Yes, I do. When you smell it, it's got that smoke salmon aroma said Peter Van Stoke, chief executive of Don soda. It's got that, oh, fishy smell. Like when you go to like an open air market, you know, like an outdoor flea farmer market and they got all a beautiful produce and cool cuts and then you get to the part where you get fairly close to where they have the fish, like in Boston, they've always really eaten outdoor markets, farmers markets and then you get to where they seafood and the fish is, oh, this smell, the stench. Oh, God, you just want to pass out or like if you go into a supermarket and they've got some seafood, cinnamon, you know what I'm saying? I do. Oh, thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of you. So you don't know Henry. You're artificially flavored salmon soda will be offered as part of a $13 regional holiday pact that also includes other unusual soda such as Turkey and gravy, corn on the cob, broccoli, casserole and pecan pine. Now that sounds up my alley. Who do I like pecan pine with some whipped cream on it? And maybe even like a little dollop ice cream. But then and not. Who doesn't have the pecan pine with a big two scoop so that they're not on there and like a whole bunch of whipped cream and a cherry on top. That's not good. I feel. Ooh, man. I like putting a microwave for about eight seconds and let the ice cream melt just a little bit on the pecan packet like kind of warming boozy. Ooh, man. While those bottles are offered will be offered locally, don't so there's also selling it. Similarly, price holiday pack of Turkey and gravy, while herbs stuffing, rustles sprouts, cranberry and pucky pie soda is across the country. Wouldn't it be great to have pucky pie soda? No. Thanks, giving typically features that dinner with cherry. Oh, this is, now what is it? A CNN money. Like we don't know this. Could it? I get's written for children. Oh, Ben Stoke, who built a Seattle based soda company by song traditional. So this is what this is exotic flavors such as green apple bubble gum and crushed melon says that most important thing about shown so this week can laugh for ourselves. Ask whether we like to use salmon soda. He said, I can't finish a bottle. I just can't do it. Maybe you can. Maybe you're better man than here. I'll give it a thought word. This swill some of that crap down that chugget. Chugget and then just puke off all that nice bunch you're having from Tony's all over. If I go into graduate woman, I just puke all over his desk all over him. And then be great. Say, Greg, I was thinking, yeah, I'll be funny. Five six past noon and five, 60 WQM. We got the pizza. Myster with two. Well, how are David at the old pizza thief? Two to four, Mad Dog 4 to 7. I guess by the time Mad Dog gets in all the food is always fun. Every day. Big box he's pulling on, he can afford his own food. Panther people with seven panthers at the Montreal Canadian Supply Defraud is the Pepsi's 7309 with Geldia and Silly Red Yerrande. And then you got the hurricane warm up. I don't know. Do I have to really go through that? The hurricane stuff is at 830 the games at 9 on the 1360 KT and head camp ones after the Panther game on QAM. Just all these different ball games and all these different frequencies and 640 over here and 1360 over there and used to be 790. Remember what 790 was like our farm team and we used to farm out all the games that we didn't want on QAM because we're so I'm like overlapping contracts. He would do that, Woody. Still, thank your blackberry has you totally connected. Yeah. Think again, because now the future of wireless technology is totally connected to you. Introducing the Dingoberry. Fork get those clunky bell clips. The Dingoberry hangs snugly from the most secure portion of your net. Take a look at my, oh whoa. Email the internet and cell phone service in a device just one step the size of ordinary PDAs. In fact, you'll never even know your Dingoberry is there. Sounds expensive. What a wipe out my savings? Nope. If there was any wife and you wouldn't even have a Dingoberry. Cool. I'm going to pick out a Dingoberry right now. Sit on the future. With a Dingoberry, it's everything. It's cramped up to be. Welcome. Dr. DIY, you have most of me that I have because you enjoyed the boys and Barry, but you couldn't find the Dingoberry. And he said, no mold. No mold for me. He'll probably just come and steal two, three boxes of pizza. So I just passed four lines of my main international pitted home land security against the MIME data deviation to probably our really serious problem is there at MIA. Chronicle A's that periodically doggard international travelers in MIME international are the product of two few passport control officers or out loaded facilities depending on whom you ask. The federal government insists, oh no, all these kids are having acts, body, spray, and all you know, said, that story. It's all there. They're having puffin and dying over there. Quit hoffin kids. Quit drop the packets and quit hoffin. The federal government insists that the problem stems from an adequate airport facilities and uneven distribution of gate assignments for arriving flights. Airport and airline managers blame delays on the shortage of passport control or officers. The school has exposed a long festering problem at MIA. The nation's business airport in terms of foreign travelers. And for several weeks this past summer, two of the MIME data deviation department and U.S. customs and border protection into a round of mutual finger pointing by September, however, it reckons that the nation's search began to emerge. And by last week, the federal officials were talking seriously about solutions. You know, this is what cracks me up to having these series in and Senate now and they're talking about, well, let's devise an exit strategy now. Let's have a plan. Well, when you think you were, when in there, this is one of the things that they should have done in the first place. Why do you hate America? As opposed to all like lining up and including the Democrats? Oh, yeah. Whatever you want. Let's get all those evil doors. Okay. What a crocker craft man. This is this is the leadership you've gotten America. One of the public just forget the elections. Okay. Just let's this band to go. Look at all the money we'll save. What they're doing for us anyway? Safety safety safety. Yeah. Well, bitch. Like you're fine. Who else? I'll tell you that right now. Let's have a fine that will beg. 800 and I know it's I told you we'd have over 800 by the bottom of the aisle. We did. Aren't you impressed? This is exciting. Well, no, actually it's like, you know, everything is coming back into shape. After that whole Wilma, man. You know, we're doing like, yeah. What is this? I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. We know that. What I wanted was this. I'm going to check bearish. Showed. And that was we're embarrassed by it. But I put it on the name of the game. I was doing lying right. Do you mind? I'll take your word for it. He was good. Jim line glasses. You remember Jim line. You never saw the dating game? Sure, but I don't really come on now. Host. Oh. That away was that one of the worst shows in the history of TV, but the host that said Bob you basically and with the stick, Nick, the starch collar him this he doesn't have a starch collar. There's starch Nick. Do you ever want? Did you ever watch the way he carries his head up? Like on a plate sort of like, oh, you know what I'm talking about? Like like it's a talk that side. It's kind of like that picture Lee Harvey Oswald, holding that man with her car counter, you know, and his head is like facing him one direction in the rest of the bodies in the impossible angle. It's kind of like that. A Republican Senator wants a lot of required bright pink license plates. Do fair on vehicles driven by people with restricted driving privileges. Do the convictions for DUI. Oh, God. Senator Mike Flasson will port knew Richie filed a bill earlier this month that requires the first three characters on a plate three D U I. What is again? D U. A baby or embarrassed people and keep him from drinking and driving for some. I'll say maybe they'll think twice. The bill also says police may stop any vehicle at Berser DUI play without probable cause detected driver. How do you like that? So it's like wearing like some kind of a tattoo on your head. That's Scarlett letter. Oh, hi, I'm Michigan I have similar laws in place other states have debated the issue, but failed to pass into the privacy reasons. Of course, in Florida, there ain't no such thing. Pink tates would hold out individuals for punishment as well as ridicule were very opposed to what said Larry Spalling legislative counsel for the ACLU and Florida about 840,000 Florida's 15 million licensed drivers have an active DUI sanction on the driving records. So Frank Penella, if Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicle spokesman, a small percentage of those have limited driving privileges such as permission to drive only to work and from work. It could take two years to get to support, but I think it's worth the effort because I was not a said, if I can't get a house sponsor, then maybe I can get a pass in the Senate and attach it to a larger transportation bill. Pink license plates. I'm saying, you want to be a big improvement over those ones that say choose life. Oh yeah, which has absolutely little business being on a state license plate. Absolutely none. Zero, Zippity, Duda. But you can thank your board again, here's where to go. Roller, hold your roller, fat ass governor for that. Choose life my ass. Yeah, how about mind-drawn business? How about you go and worship your period tales and I'll do mine and leave me to have a long time. That's the problem. It is a fundamentalist. These phony, but phony hypocrites were that is functional, drunken, coax-storting families and lying families, murdering families. They just can't stop telling everybody else how to live their lives. Screw you, Jeff, and you're a whole family. They got to miss Pukha, including your smuggling wife. God. Well, what did this grace that fully had a few days ago about the, you know, the wood, the worth of bush offence? I mean, you could have a, what a laundry list that was. As long as you're arm, you've got a book. Good. God. Miss Molly, starting with Press God, Bush the banker to the Nazis. What a classy family, huh? Unbelievable. 813 votes in that pool. Let's see how it's going. Haven't leaned on the pool enough because we had a heavy duty pressure day. I thought it was going to be no pressure. Heavy duty. Biggest leak of the biggest leak you ever took. The biggest fakers on TV is Jim and Tammy Faye Baker 164. Ted Robertson 149. Dr. Phil 143. A fantastic three way of hospital. Riley 107. Benny Hinn 106. And then it's way down. Jimmy Swagger 39. Heraldor River 28. Heraldor's moving up there. Ever since he opened up a grandstume and found Al Capone inside it. Janet Paul, crash 19. Kevin Trudeau 18. He on have 18 billion. There is a man. I see a my TV. I want to like spit blood at the set. I want to take like a rock and he's going to move it through the screen. The Reverend DJ is Kennedy 17. Tim Russell 12. Erzots. Ernest Ainsley 7. Richard Simmons has got six where he simons Ron Popeel for and Peter Poppaw still only won an 820 votes he's only got one. And that's because we never heard him before. Right. So I guess we got a good warning though. That's probably a pubic service that the video fact you did. Give this to put him on a poll because now if you see Peter Poppaw for a bus your TV said. Lighted on fire. Put a bunch of care scene on your sit and lighted on a match to it. 560 the calls have been so good that I was right we ought to take like at least 3400 between now and 2 between now and no time. Come at a QAM hello. Hi listen. That coin called in before we talking about the match here for one of the game shows. Yeah. How that was Charlie Babbit. And that's Tom Cruise Carrot different. Yeah. I. He's a very good driver though. That's 567 that's what the guy said earlier we didn't understand he said Charlie Babbit. Okay we were fortunate. Actually he was watching and there's walkiners what he was watching but never less you know just make it up as you go along. Charlie Babbit. So he called back as he was Charlie Babbit again. And well he's having a really building the the vivid as he from the cooos nest nobody belongs there. Somebody QAM hello. Oh, Gorill. Yes sir. Jeff Bush over me four years of my life. The whole four years of my life. F.C.A.S.A.S.C.A.D. I graduated. Nobody cares about F.C.A.S.A.T.s. I got to worry about. There you go. Four years of my life. Call him up again on F.M. Yeah. That's that man let's get and the trend has come on. He's a league of your any on it. Just like he sold out on an offshore drilling many lives to a field. All the changed it done. He's like yesterday you're bad idea. This man you know anything. You, it's just just so difficult for me to fans because I've been there for like 30 years. Not in three. And I know there's lot really stupid people, but how is it you can have an election like on the thing with a slots and broward and the people say okay well we want it we read what we said on there we know exactly what we're holding on and then they just got to just keep dragging their feet and dragging their feet now here it's gonna be in December to have a special session and maybe they'll do this and better be put and the public is just back and they take it we need somebody to go we need a watered darlin only like a real guy real consumer advocate remember watered darlin's before your time right now he's to be in my show a few time when I was born yes and what he was born he was the consumer advocate at least he would like fight fp now he would like go to bad at something like this we need somebody somebody like we need some assistance here is what we need like we are be as well so remember that he was I need some somebody come forward some assistance I didn't do not and twenty till one at ten he didn't do not neither but a question never know the truth on that will all be getting buried by the time all guess what they didn't do it when disaster strikes and of course we're talking about hurricane will my immediate disaster and your home of business suffers water damage is one place you ought to be calling and that strike concepts their miracle workers trust me what I tell you because I've used them in my home is for over twenty years now to clean my carpets my furniture all these things dry concepts can move as is water and dry your home or business fast using the various innovations in drag technology dry concept dry system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replace my your treasure belongings I'm healthy mold and mild you conditions are related by the proper use of a specialized drying process if the damage is really extensive you really got a wallet by will my dry concepts license contractors can provide any estimates and professional services so if water damage really hit your heart panic no more call the pros I'll make everything look like brand new and give you written guarantee price up front before they start to work to the best in the universe dry concepts call them full free from they've grow it in the palm reaches one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one run the wicked way with strike concepts dot com this is a real rush this is five sixteen two eight so success swing your partnerentin round up and struggle swimming slow and Winds des Orange doing to the left to the right there we go Like in those people, please, to the person who needs the ad on them, it is for their right team. I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. I'm not a fan of you. This is for how it's fun. You know you all make my weekend with your proud and your cheating on Sunday night. Who will you roll my hands with? We love sexy things to do when. And that's how we're all tuning in to the soprano's home. I'm dying on the hands. I'm dying on the hands. I saw two minutes of it. I saw Miguel was in there. I saw Miguel from pastions. What's his name? I've seen two minutes. I'm maybe thirty seconds. I'm not kidding. A network TV show about sex or anything like that. It's not sunny. At night time, it's so far. I didn't watch my signing all over the years. But that's a long gone. I don't know. I don't have room in my life for any more of that crap. Cheeseburger grilled high on the GOP menu in Washington. Fear is that over the way Americans will have to help an appetite for litigation. The House of Pazadilla would bar lawsuits by restaurant customers, claiming burgers and fries made them fat. I don't see how can I sue Hagenas for making a banana and me a banana nut. Yeah, for making it so yummy that you can't resist. That's right. Because you know damn well, they're putting all kinds of additives in that crap to make it really addictive. And don't tell me that those chemicals aren't like you're addicted to them because you are. Try a lawyer says they target restaurants the way they've targeted the tobacco industry. National restaurant association president Steven Anderson said, no such flood litigation is yet to be uploaded. Who followed the issue. No voting one restaurant obesity suit. A 2003 claim by two New York teenagers against McDonald's. But there are deeper reasons behind the campaign for the so-called cheaper. Grubill legal industry was over same-fitting rising liability insurance rates. Ah, consider Washington about lawsuits in general also is driving the bill. Which clear the House days before Congress also ran a gun makers immunity for an injury lawsuits. Both are a part of a larger effort by Republicans to shield certain industries from litigation. The president for example submitted a bill to Congress last week. They would predict producers and distributors of emergency vaccines from injury suits. Except in cases of willfulness conduct. There is a growing feeling that if this trend continues, every major industry would be immune from lawsuits. So Jonathan Turley, OEOEC, is ugly, puts on the TV all the time. George Washington University law professor, you see him right? If you say so. Well you would know Jonathan Turley from Bob Turley. No. There's another industry such as those who make airplanes and wait reduction products could make the same arguments raised by gun makers. And fan food restaurants, you said. The personal responsibility and food consumption act to prove last month would bar lawsuits seeking to blend individual food and beverage producers for persons white gain. OBCD or related health problems. The Senate's considering your companion bill in President Bush already promised his assignment. Of course, anything to do to protect his buddies and big business. 21 states had passed similar bans. Sacramento law rail lawmakers rejected one such bill to the Supreme for the proposed federal bans sponsored by representative Rick Keller of Florida, but applying California other states when no without bans in place. Keller's bill is a complete wasted time. So Linda Lipson, a spokesman for the Association of Travelers of America. Of all the problems there are, this is really ludicrous, she said. But industry officials point to a handful of suits over artery clogging transcripts. And nutritionally, links assigned that obesity suits are at risk for restaurant. You know, I'm a terrible whole deal, you know. Right. Same with the macro companies. That's your problem. We were this thing about the restaurants and food. Nobody's making the choices for you. Okay. So the ingredients are right there. We didn't we, okay. If the product is legal. And just like the scull and crossbones, it's on at pack of cigarettes and baggage out there. And the big warning in huge letters that even a blind man can read. This is going to kill you smoking his graph is going to kill you. And it's better to still tough it in a huff and in puff and. But the nicotine is addictive and like the sugar isn't addictive and the stuff that I meet in all the time that damn ice cream, which they should really rot in the hell. And you sugar people buy it away. Oh yeah, that did not get too excited about that. And they get we have to sugar. Yeah, the sugar crowd. They start playing an archie song. Come right up. 800. Do you ever got the night's end brother? No, no, no, no, no, no. You're the one. Right. I got to get the BG's baby. Now some people are not going to play a whole lot of music tomorrow. I didn't see it's very up. You know, it's looking to play. Yeah. I don't see it. They often relate to that. They like Bob Barker. Or at least they like Barker's movies. Or maybe both. I know he likes them. A little bit too much. And nothing wrong with being the 90 year old guy would write here. It's, you know, chasing around all the Barker movies on it, right? It's not at all. If you can get away with it. Exactly. What's wrong with the central harassment? That's what parents talk in Thomas. It's like they didn't say that. I said, how about a little sugar? I think he says. I think he says. He says he will be a rasmann. A rasmann. A rasmann. A lot of meat. Yeah. That's wrong with that. There he got Archie's and the sugar sugar. I mean, they're smashed. There was no Archie's. There is no. Just like Ned Baby said. There is no, I saw him. There is no, there is no work. There is no work. It's in there. That's always said. He said there. What did he say? 861 votes on the pool. I'm just told to see we're going to get to a, we're going to get there. Easy today. This is a, this is a high, man. This is a pleasure. No pushing. No yelling. No squeezing. No. Right? No doubt. I'm sorry. Not to be gone then. Oh, I do like him better than. Fist in his town. Well, help. Or pink. I don't know. I got it. Instead of having the, you have people I think lies in place. How about having a force and then listen that musical day. Where I'm a client. No, that's like it's like Celine Dion music and hell. I can't help myself. I have to. I can't help it. Peter Jennings. What a life. Oh, I mean, tremendous. So it calls for Syla, Georgia. Hello. Peter. Hi. First of all, Larry, I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from Beyond The Great Forest. Okay. Peter, how are things in hell? Well, it's hard. I never thought it was going to be anything but hard. So I guess now you're really a smoker, huh? Oh, yeah. I think it goes with the territories with the territory. Or California, or Peter Jennings. Hello. Peter. Do you know any dead celebrity joke? No man. If I did, I wouldn't say so. Well, the win the city cancels. Hello. Peter, are the rumors true? Is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today. Somerset can tuck me for Peter Jennings, hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi. Mr. Jennings, is there a link to Beyond Music and Hell? Yes. And it just happens. It goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after. Oh, my. Speaking to that, would make my ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. From our call we have a minute left. Downers grow, they'll annoy. Hello. Mr. Jennings. Would you like for Christmas? Uh, the side of the same. Oh, so, so, so, don't send your wish list. Yes. As his George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings. Yeah. Thank you. He's always Peter. Thanks. That's really nice to see you. I have no fear. He'll be there one of these days. The Bush, myster. He'll be just like a duck Thompson said. Yeah. Yeah. Some of my sentiments exactly. And now that pulled away. I think that's the first time we ever saw the heat percentage. It's not as you do in a bad job or a good job. But you hate him like poison and a whole bunch of people. Yeah, a lot of us are saying, yeah. Not the ask. Okay. Let's take a few more calls because these calls are the bread and butter, the gravy and potatoes of our lives. Aren't they? Oh, yeah. Well, the meat. 5. 5. 500. So you eat or wireless line. Your favorite PG song. Is that what we're doing? Sure. WQA, M.Hello. 2. I'm. He's back at 4. Time for our dinner. Keep twisting it. He would ruin the angt. Okay. That's it. WQA, M.Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. He's such a subject on the sort of legislature. And I don't know if you heard recently, but the pair of musicals were having tournaments and for some they took them to court they knew I and called it took them to court we want and it was appealed and they went again so they just laid your picked up their boots and took the rule of the law off the books that they now can hold tournaments could you believe this that a two net they in the last year and a half I think they came like four million dollars to the speed coffers right and just be still in stork tournament so it's obviously a benefit of people are enjoying playing it but yet because that's the problem people are having a good time you understand that that's against the whole floor to philosophy man people are not supposed to have a good time it's it's unbelievable we're in a back-aid we're in the dark ages of you got her man I'll pray for you okay by the way Canada would like to apologize I want to be the spokesman here Canada would like to apologize to the whole world for Celine Dion we did not forgive in Ann Marie now Ann Marie's okay for a guy man Marie and that's was a he's married and got a whole pack load of kids man got a whole bunch just like Neil Sedaka they're not married to each other but they would be an interesting fit that'd be something you have a good time he kind of reminds me of Jeff Garcia a little bit only not quite so much you don't place forth I like Neil Sedaka though a lot no problem with me no what's wrong with Neil Sedaka although I've had you Josh don't even really know much from Neil Sedaka you know that song I know what's all right now that's showing up inside you do I know what's inside you do unless he's still how much of somebody else is peace in trouble of all of your pissed-view okay I want a song I want distance here's a trivia about that yes the only song released twice by the same person in different incarnate number one's a hit each time yes it was number one both times right and he also wrote gloves will keep us together for the captain in familial no no it was the same song the first time I'm about to find it I would have the one virgin here I see you don't have uh loveable gloves will keep us together with a captain in familial yeah but that's under there entry I would that was a band and what is this something in a rain uh last year in the rain that's it oh here you go you request it there we go captain shlonyo baby it's a hit it's a big big fat booby is a rubber tube all the same then what he said that was a great scene that was sensational it's a big big fat and he's holding his hands like uh where his movies would be you know rubber tube out man he is so he is so great and I you know I realize it's not that he's not recognizing you right after but I just don't think he gets the accolades that he deserves you understand what do you say I mean why do we have to always honor people after they croak why can we like head just to a big thing say we are we love you and we want to like sniff your armpits and just great and the godfather and that work and uh great say it'll be in one figure out how to edit DVDs and so as you know I know how to copy them now but once I try to edit them I'll just I'll just cut that one scene from apocalypse now for you so you can appreciate that okay because the rest of it there's about as much chance in my watching apocalypse now is there's in my watching city of god oh well you know forgets that you've got watch monsters ball how about city of god this is Neil Roder watch this he's five sixty two eight we can go out and he's got the hell and when I'm up in bulk of tickets I slap an old window and they didn't lift her in the pool I listen to the new Rogers one to two of them yeah I mean I listen to the new Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hey ladies always playing the thing a professional football cheerleaders one out you can be trained by the best as I care about the players cheerleaders if you're a computer owner have a background in cheerleaders have been wronged by a man at least once and like soft sweet and beautiful girls then this campus for you is three day two nine campus limited to only 30 attendees who will spend their days and special seminars and their nights in 15 single day we'll learn how to do the splits in a vanjoin straw how to cartwheel all the way to the police car and how to smile at the mug's dot camera was as a Carolina Panthers cheerleader clinic you'll learn cheerers like these you care about the cheerleaders cheerleaders sponsored by Stanley Steamer and your Connor trading special reserve your space at the credit now call one oh oh oh girl on girl that's one oh oh girl on girl it's about two and five sixty never to QM 888 we've got 888 won't let 888 looks pretty great to me i mean we're going to get to a thousand without even like a lean on you don't have to like have to be a pin in the ask come on let's call you stuff like that and that's what we're really pissed off about what that's what we just did me and that's what I heard all that piece I hope you left a couple of boxes of pizza for the pizza these um there's two slices left we'll make that food one so lament they will know I thought you said it was tons of it well there were and we got busy I see sounds to me like you read next we just to make sure that somebody thought that was out how to bad idea yeah well you I'm telling you guys are brutal I just I don't want to be associated with you guys in Hank and all these people Tylenon or oh man defenseless old mowmaster he's gone he's had his moments I mean we haven't been involved in any of them but he's had his moments 888 that's pretty exciting I'll be here too he can handle himself okay believe me mad dog 4 to 7 Panther preview at 7 guilty and read their Randy baby squeaky guilty and all he's doing a fine job nice go on guilty he's in Montreal in fact I bet you if I look up the window like hey how you doing all guilty squeaky nice little kind of far away not even that far it's about a 45 minute flight you'll just love it there not I was gonna tell you where to go you already have a place yeah uh Panthers at the Montreal Canadian State at the Bell Center which used to be the Molesan Center which used to be the um four in Montreal which is another building the Montreal Canadian Dan Glittin this year they're kicking some serious ass although I see covalve as having surgery he ain't playing damn it but the Panthers are playing their Panthers who lose every day and of course if they have to lead in the last the second and a half they're gonna blow it anyway but anyway uh anyway 730 that's on the QA and on 1360 AM on WKAT catch the cat hurricane warm up at 830 and on a clock the hurricane's in Wisconsin Green Bay basketball from the BC at class if that's on KAT for those who care and any kids after the hockey game on QA and for those who care how many care about the Panthers now about PURD man that's right jump off the bandwagon just because they're going to they're really disappointed me I thought they're gonna be really good this year hey they got a really nice bar at the place Joe new and I saw he's injured now and Gary Robbers is a shell of his I guess the least were smart download those old boots and maybe they can be tearing sunrise and uh they're just I don't know they just don't score no goals the Panthers even I came Friday that I counted that with Carolina uh that's should have been a great game every time Carolina the Panthers play a Supercoma game it was one nothing but the Panthers on the nothing and uh it's really that anyway a Jack Martin maybe you don't got those players from out of one Jack Lala see what kind of coach you really are huh all those choke jobs in the playoffs let's see what kind of coach you really are for all he 892 votes any minute and I were gonna be the 900 minutes the race to a thousand race you to a thousand we haven't done lying 9 even once to the heavy you know you can't play that really bold hello give the song okay good come in a QA and hello pretty good hot water source so Yeah, real man Who's the lucky puppy? That's the screen He's a little fluffy way. Yeah, I don't want to guess where he's sticking rectum I have to my do is wow Well, he's not Miguel. He's not like one of these oh gee, my master watched my masculinity off You see the only kind of a person would say that is got a real hangout And the only person would say that would be some Hispanic for the most part. I'm not saying that there aren't isolated pockets here And there are people who are really uptight about their masculinity But you know what it is you grew up in it that I well, maybe you didn't but you certainly know what I'm talking about I've seen it the whole machine's about thing Right, my show man like macho comacho like Tommy Cruz There he go. He's about as macho as most of your buddies there. Especially that little group that calls us all the time. Tell me QAM hello Hi, just a new body show. Neil Rhyme to show. This is at Palia Ward winning and spectacular. Yes Hey, doing I've gone is there about the planted the musk right much musk right love song You see now in from a captain to Neil you guys are playing at earlier. Musk right love song what about her it is There you go. That's it down for you. Why don't we got a man. We're on top of it. It's our new floor man You want to kind of nail that You've got to know What happened then by the name we're like one of them The plants are the pan was heard and they were gone But if you hit and they made some money there What all right want me to listen up in here. Love will keep us together. Lonely night I got my favorite here lonely rock around musk right so you that to me one more time Good role on like different albums and they had their own show They had friends seen me and I'm looking at the right top 40 won't okay Here's captain. So me all your eyes crap, but the way I want to touch you I don't know I don't know how to that But I remember we've just together was number one for four weeks The way I want to touch you was got up to number four and I've even heard of it. I'll the way I guess it right I mean I angel face three I was first recorded by the N. Sedaka Yeah, totally he was a type with them. He wrote their crap shop around number four Now please don't tell me that was the same shop around as the miracles No, totally. Oh, musk right on that sure actually I'd a place stop dancing. You've never done it like that Oh, you need a woman tonight and do that to me which you just played was number one do that to me one more one time Tell me why am I going to the store they were around for four years and then by buying it was it Okay, what does it say here? Let's do the the captain Daryl dragon right born L. A is wife Tony's Neil bored him on coming Alabama Ragins instead of noted conductor Carmen dragon Oh, you kind of dragon keyboardist with a beach boys nicknamed the captain by Mike love Do I had own TV show and ABC from 76 of he was the keyboardist with a beach boy named the captain by Mike love who's now su and poor Brian Wilson because Brian just want to use a few of those old songs Come on Mike Where's the love baby? Where is the love this was all watch you know where is the love? Where is the pizza? Where is the love? Where is the way Brian Wilson with me up on the standout? Can't you forget that lot very amusing really shouldn't they can now? Where are the glasses that come my attorney and come up with a plan now? Can't we know first on trying to take Brian's proper to wait? Yeah the price will sustain the pants on blankets is great now And since he market a smile, he'll only have a piece of nonsense to pay now Are you looking? He is promoting a little blitz, sure makes me want to be something to space now And I'll be no buzzers or trying to take Brian's proper to wait Now I'm not sure if you can slow down a little bit because there's just assuming don't take anything for granted Okay, don't let's like lay down on a job and then probably want everybody after voting 2,300 times Just to make sure we get some that thousand an hour No, I'm serious because if you take it for granted then all of a sudden you look at there it's like 9, it's like 140 And you got like 960 votes you're saying what the hell happened there you know? We need to keep up the same frenetic frantic pace. Keep up the old pace baby 9,06 and Peter a pop-off is still got the same one What the hell is this do there? Are you all I just did? What? Oh, so set up with that Brian Wilson thing though, just knocked the apata I just knocked the pot over and maybe if you've quickly grabbed it This is me who rather this is 560 2,8 I like it I like it You or a loved one is a retired network news anchor If you owe it to yourself to visit the anchors away, rest home The retirement community especially designed for elderly talking heads I'm damn nothing. Keep your good foot, ship a board and a nurse found gold 20,47 Each all part of our work here, it anchors away The professional staff at the anchors away, rest home is always there for our clients This is Tom Brokeau in my room, I've won and I can't get up Well since I went up right away, sir I'm going to go to the park and I'll see you again in the morning I'll see you tomorrow If you plan to retire from the TV news business, stop by the anchors away, rest home And we'll answer all your questions I'm dead couple, it was a bold hit to joining rooms One for me and one for my hair The anchors away, rest home because in the words of Walter Crunkkei You're old and thus so weird it is That's a looped We're old and we got big numbers, how do you like that? Joel Finder, don't like it Because they're younger and hip are over there They're younger and hip are with the big big Oh, they got no audience though 921 vote on the poll We need 79 more I'm not assuming anything now The way this thing is kind of flowed down During the break there, right toward the ass and the break There's a knock on my door, it's the main He's got like his little waist basket A little burp, a little blue waist basket Where now my supposed to stick that So I got to like, I'll be there one second I got to throw my clothes on I'm sitting here my underwear Doing the show, you know? That'll learn you I don't give laws, honey I told him I was cleaning day, get out of here And she seemed like kind of embarrassed Like maybe I was like, I had somebody in here Do you have an Orgy in here I wish 921 votes The biggest fakeer on TV ever Jim and Tammy Faye Baker 187 They've had the lead from the gift go as they say Why do they say that? I do that Pad Robertson 175 Pats right on their trail man, he'll catch him If anybody can do it, he'd demand Dr. Phil 152 at Villa Rally 120 is moving in there A little bit of contention there Then he hit 114 Jimmy swagger 43, hurl the river You know, Benny hit my spinkery Maybe it's like curry fact, he must smell really bad Because everybody gets near him on that show They all pass out on the floor Yeah, they're the food Yeah, they're the soon and pass out I've been there, oh god There was a man sitting next to me On what day was it on Saturday morning And would buy and train the slots He looked just like Jack Walsh From the godfather He looked almost like an identical twin Okay, okay And I thought that's kind of worked with him like that's interesting I don't get how many day go get any What three-spole going by's come out on a one-word He had a suit, a sports jacket on And most of them from before Hitler was a baby I mean, this thing was 100 years old Musty and he lifted his arm To like reach back and get his wallet You know to put more money Thank God he didn't win anything And he was not there too long That thing he must have been sleeping in it for 100 years I was just, oh, well, why? I know I keep harping about that But I've never encountered so many smelly people in my life Man, I don't care about it I don't care about it Soap, something, anything Jesus, they can soda Or it's big and people who stink for the warms There's that rum stroke AKA Hermong Gering We're all fests 926 vote on the pool It's a little a week now Jim and Tammy say why, what did I read to? Jimmy Spagger 43, Rado 34 Kevin 2-24, we started to make a march Now they figured out what a faker he is who he is Jan. 1, 22, Reverend D. James Kennedy 17 Selling heath all over the world Tim Russell 12, Ernest Ainsley 8, Richard Simmons 8 And 8, and 8, Ron Pupil 5 And I Peter Poppaw's got a pair Let's say it, bro Peter Finally somebody else who knows who that water selling a faker is Don't you want some of that greedy, looksser He looksser W. K. K. I. M. Hello Hello, Neil Yes sir I tell you what, you how can you leave out all of the broth Yeah, she's a snake roll sales bitch He is and guess what, the zest is great I converted to the zest from the apricot scrub Right, I got to both The zest is the arkelling I got better, I don't even know Yeah, there you go Never done one Thanks, guys See there's a zes body wash guy Now what's that Oprah thing? Oprah, you know what I mean? Where she's going to like, I never played enough What were the little by Oliver? Oliver On the next Oprah You'll be shocked You'll be amazed You'll be talking about it for the next Now we're lawing until she shocks you again Oprah Makes your wildest dreams come true Today Every one of the studio audience All 276 members Get a grand new Liver Everybody just a lover You'll be shocked Then tomorrow All 276 studio audience members Get a grand new You'll be allowed Everybody just a brain rule over Everybody is a brain rule over The next day All 276 members of the studio audience Get a three-foot helper monkey Everybody gets a three-foot Jump on monkey Everybody gets a three-foot monkey All 276 audience members Get a new prosthetic arm Everybody just a professional Everybody just a professional You're a professional Oprah Giving a great stunt She didn't have to pay for Even though she could easily afford to And next season Everybody in the studio audience Get a grand new pedagogy Everybody gets a new pedagogy Oprah Okay, get her on her Let the lion bitch Oprah She came to South Florida She was going to stop all the crime problems She did that show on TV one day She was going to do this and then she High-tailed her other All the time She saw all the problems Then she called and asked and moved on And started giving away all that crap on TV All the women It's just pathetic She's got this army of ignorant women Who just followed her They thought she was already a cliff With those stupid past-out backgrounds Men on that show are absolutely nothing happens Our fighter Roopshati owner is a ledge Homeowners in Washington, Navy If our lawsuit against builders Plaming Hurricane will expose Shoddy construction work Lawyer David Donor Couldn't help and notice how the tiles on his Western neighbors roof shifted under their feet While they installed shutters and preparation Hurricane Wilma he said Some of the tiles later peeled off during the storm Donor said Baby against his house and light in his yard Last week Donor found lawsuit on behalf of his neighbor Against the home's builder Arvita Alleging it violated the building code By failing to properly install the tiles He invoked or our Timothy Venata Also filed a similar lawsuit Involving roofing work and a Navy house They're among the first post- hurricane Wilma lawsuits That alleged the storm exposed Shoddy construction work in South Florida And you can change the volume that word to an eye And I think it would still be very accurate Ah, I think it would still be very accurate That was amazing Wow That's almost as good as Rocks bottom Woo Rocks bottom There's going to be an awful lot of construction The effect of litigation predicted the Tom Shahehabi Of Adorno and Yasa South Florida law firm That recently created a disaster recovery practice The handle storm related litigation This is only the beginning Shahehabi predicted that litigation Involving residential properties will include Shodders and impact resistant windows That failed to withstand Wilma's wins Such lawsuits had anything new to our fight Which paid out millions to settle claims Made by homeowners who's houses were slain by Andrew in 92 The starless bark tougher building standards for South Florida A spokesman for Jacksonville's same show company Which is owned our fight since 1997 Could be reach for combat he's mom Our fight a creative the city voice in which has more than 15,000 homes On a recent afternoon donor of my mime is a knoblock in donor Potted to other homes in the subdivision owners the ridges That also lost tiles His conclusion the tiles weren't secured correctly They would mortar adhesive nails or screws if I can still say that The owner is fighting to amend the student file and brow and circuit court to add other homeowners And we'll seek to have a certified as a client action suit So there you go Hop on the hop on hop on hop on board if you want 940 we got 37 minutes We need 60 votes that should be $2.00 or about don't take it for granted Why sure I made said all the wrong things before Did I? What do you talk? Yeah, I did say all about like, let's just ease off We don't have no pressure and then all of a sudden they built a lot of hop on him And hop on it now baby hop on that pole And don't slide off Michigan school drops folks on why hate when this happens Berkeley Michigan Oh Berkeley, how's old Berkeley though? When you see that fish I mean the Berkeley lady was her birthday just a couple Which do you have about 10 days ago? Haven't seen her lately Same as mine I guess but she wore on the same day Well what bag of drug I got her and Cheryl ween Riffkin Cheryl weenie on the same day Do you haven't seen the Berkeley huh? That lately she's the guy who was at one account she's still got so we're he's we're and she's also one of the wise guys now I'm sorry about people picking cotton was pulled from middle school constant Suburban Detroit after black parent complained that it glorifies slavery I guess they haven't seen the song of the South either I guess not that's why that's all the shelves too Super intended to resism state decided yesterday we moved the song pick a bail of cotton from the program Oh when said when a her and a spokesman for the Berkeley school district a her and said that when the song was picked for Wednesdays folks on Scott See an ambusymiddle school there wasn't any attempt to offend anyone As it became apparent that that is the case we pulled the songs she said they pulled it the school is predominantly white the songs lyrics include Jumped down turn around pick a bail car got it jumped down turn around all already pay a bail a day Let's do it together parent Greg Montgomery said he complained to school officials money was dissatisfied with the response decided to pull a two-leven year old daughter China from singing his daughter's name is China. It's mind boggling that people don't understand sensitive issues He fooled the need for a news China said they were bringing back the memories of African Americans pick cotton and it wasn't a good memory Was this respectful to African Americans what a cotton pick and bunch of crap A hern said there's nothing to rock it to right in the songs lyrics, but the district didn't want China to miss the concert for her family in the school district Domesting with the pull the song she said just pull it earlier a her mom confirming that officials were considering pulling the song had defended the choice We used to sing that song when I was in school during the 50 she said it's like a son and type of folks on I remember just being perky was more of a son than people to sing for fun jump down turn around pick a bail car What's the video that what's the business on what's the big tennis I think they probably would talk to Jesse Jackson is love child What probably he probably spurred them on probably behind the whole damn thing with his teo crap Hey Jesse we hate your life poison maybe at least an often days of the week and today's one of them speaking of people we hate who are willing to risk their lives Yeah, how about don't don't you how much you go over there and get on the front lines you quizle you idiot you're fairie 951 under pull 951 vote What do you think 34 minutes 49? Easy easy easy We say boy we're under a lot of stress and pressure here. We won't begin those big bucks about these people pop on that pull ours and vote We'll go to all buttons to just make up some stupid as vote When you're shopping for shoes speaking of our good friend Berkeley, well, she's she is doing a way over job, you know, she is the best comfort fit and value those are the three ingredients It's all about when you're taking care of your feet So get over to brandy shoes and pop it up each for the most comfortable fin your favorite style of shoes Brandy's carries a humongous unbeatable selection of all the top brands rockport floor shine echo the fisto SAS new balance and more And brandy's professional shoofitters will make you sure you have a customized video your favorite comfort for you every time just ask where Arnie he'll take care of you and your tuces And if Brandy's chances are you'll ever hear oh sorry sorry Mr. or man, we don't have that style on your size because they have such a base selection whatever style you pick out It's their own a shelf to slap on your feet right now And the pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort too they even specialize in wide widths Brandy's is well worth the trip from just about anywhere which is why they've been around so long For comfort style fit value and selection thing Brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290 north that will highlight pop it'll be chopin daily Monday through Saturday 9-9-9 and every Sunday 9-5 And all this week it's Brandy's after Wilma sale men's for walkers are 4490 men's very top set aside are AO is only 4490 And men's world tour just 6990 so be sure to get in the brandy as a quick review your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com This is meal rosers this is five 16 I know the hand looking for a value meal that's positively infectious and down the KFC killer blue chicken for the bird blue family back For the extra crazy legs two thighs and four contaminant weeks all grown me 99 It's Bigger switching good is a killer deal on a killer meal KFC killer blue chicken Time hundred six to do what we got twenty eight minutes we need thirty eight votes section be two to go but don't back off not only stop keep the pressure on man Keep it to have a little mental acid We're desperate For talk stocks LA art project this from the early times We used to like until they fired Robert Sharon till he got to bought off a lot of right wing maniacs It was an accusation of porn in the corn that arrived Aaron landies scorn port of the court porn in the corn and Aaron's score The experimental filmmaker and documentary and was kicked off a thirty to wake her lot in downtown LA that's been planted with corn and turned it in an art installation After official spending a shot of pornographic movie among the stocks and husks. Oh my god Landy forty five of the high would deny that any new to the occurred during the months he spent for a photographic local artists and dancers staging their own performances at the agricultural themed exhibit called not a corn field Landy alleges that he's been slided is demanding apology from the annibird foundation which is financed in the two point two million dollar Exhibition on state park property near Chinatown the conflict comes his harvest time arrives about the foundation characterizes a living sculpture That's transformed to one time burn real yard landy city photograph more than two dozen local dancers poets actress and artists offering samples of their own work against the cornfield backdrop Before he's ordered out by project administrators he stated with filming attention a colorful flowing gown Near a row of cornstarch to remember forth when project general manager a dolphin no dial accused him of producing pornography The bell called in Los Angeles police and a state parks range to force him off the least park property No, now former general manager of the Los Angeles County Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Department denied land in the search and we never accused him of filming pornography But they were people filming naked people we had an open policy but then things started to happen and I'll sit people filming naked people Oh, what do you call that fun? Yeah, art but landy had his high definition video camera rolling during the confrontation and secretly we cut a note down You guys are shooting pornography note. I said in the tape you also got a crop circle in the middle of the cornfield You guys have been shooting porn and here we have a lot of witnesses on the video tape in the dollar shown telling your officers that these people are allowed here We're going to kick them out every time they come here the video shows officers listening carefully first in the album the landing before acknowledging they need to investigate further But the park range was quick to assert authority upon arrival he asked to be landing he's previously shot footage advising the filmmaker that he'd be allowed to retain only videotaped at the range of found not objectable Zeepo to the range of ward land he would seize the camera feet found 90 filming again after landing objective that not a cornfield was a public our installation stage on public property No doubt relemated slightly agreeing last week to allow additional filming during three hour periods on Wednesdays and third days But the cameraman was ordered to comply with strict rules and pay the cost of a security guard who watched him at all times Landy was also barred from rigs attempting to film Lauren Bahn the artist and end work foundation trustee who organized the battlefield exhibition In leather sent last week to bond landy 90 created crop circles or shot pornography in of nudes at the field to complain that exhibition poised the famed him by telling families visiting the cornfield last week that he was a porno guy and asserts necessary spark an angri-confrontation by one set of parents landy has been falsely blamed after not a cornfield employees found a section of cornstarchs flattened and condoms scattered around on the ground Oh god they are probably just like conflon of balloons Right, perfect look at this here Sean said a bunch of polls that I'm going Sean. I haven't even looked at him yet, but I'm sure they're great Just like frosted flakes. They were great. You never told me the tiger would say if you were dead you bet he would if you weren't But he is he's dead. Oh wait till you're this being in that good segue European medicine regulators have ordered a safety check on Tamiflu After reports that two teenage boys died in Japan and parents suicide after taking the anti-fluid drug So if you're right about Verbslu Abian flu start worried about Tamiflu The deaths of race safety fears about the only treatment against a threatened pandemic of Abian flu That's not linked in the courty your part the Japanese health ministry issued a warning in June 2004 about psychological and neurological disorders linked with Tamiflu And then struck that doctor should be alerted, but no similar warning was issued in Europe and the UK a Tamiflu is made by Swiss based pharmaceutical company Roche Yesterday, it's folks in for the European medicines evaluation agency which licenses drugs in the EU including the UK Said agency had been aware of the first death but not the second Roche has been asked to closely follow reports of psychological disorders the lusional states and abnormal behavior linked with a drug I bet you Joel must be taken that at the moment. There's no warning about this in Europe. We need to establish if there's any link He added that the effects of the drug had to be distinguished from the effects of the flu influenza itself can cause confusion and it can be difficult to tell what the mental state The state is the effect of the Tamiflu or the illness The pharmaceuticals and medical devices agency Japan is we receive reports of 64 cases of psychological disorders linked with the drug between 2000 and 2004 the two Japanese boys were reported were exhibited that normal behavior after taking the drug in the first case A 17 year old high school student was at home alone ran out of the house and jumped over railing into the pathway truck in February 2004 Shortly after taking the drugs in the second case a junior high school student apparently fell from the 9th floor of his apartment building in February 2005 Maybe he was there a class in pain who knows two guy pharmaceuticals the Japanese hey, what you guys think of this the Japanese operating company for Roche Swiss based manufacturer Tamiflu said we reported these cases of the health ministry as a link between the deaths and the drug could not be ruled out There you go take it at your own risk. I would just stay away from all of them a perits and Dees and birds and all kinds cockatons all of them nine 71 under pull when you 29 votes in 22 minutes should be a piece of cake even Michael Corneo and it would be impressed cake You're right that the dialogue and I'm moving just it's just so bad It's a shame it is a shame it could have been a great film. And he wanted a cut quarters. That's why I put his ugly daughter would be snowsen there And then he had his edges just crap George Hamilton my ass I mean well, how does he in any way shape or form that movie that we live through pop? It's a lot like the other Star Wars movies, you know, it's the same kind of reaction like just clapping on an institution Yeah, but at least they had a good story to tell here. They just did it very poorly. Yeah, well, yeah, maybe they should fear you Yeah, we're stealing from themselves and then when I'll tell you the scene where she's injecting giving Michael his insulin injection on a patio down and she starts all off radio. Maybe it was an accident. She like I've been a brother looser like like like he's that crazy. He doesn't know what Kelly did Yeah, maybe it was just an accident and somebody got hurt crazy Some way they're struck by lifeguard and truck speaking of people who are like in harm's way I'm on me be sliced guard grabbing a 3400 pound pickup truck ran over the head and shoulder of a sunbathe They're Sunday morning, but the animal was able to lead to a fetus witness screened the driver to stop That girl she should give thanks to God That she's alive because that truck ran right over her head said Hyrule libero so witnessed the 10 am incident. How do you say that J. A. Iroh a Hyrule? Okay, yes a mirror full sees alive because I was sure a heid was gonna be crushed. He said Jillian Gonzalez 19 was lying on the sand itself point park next to friend Daniel Martinez Everybody in the everybody over there is the name engine is E with a blue and white cool Next to a hate when the truck here and by Orlando RTs came over the embankment I wonder if he was kind of blue art. He's used to play second-based for the Rochester Red Wings hundred years ago Orlando arties the left-hand nearly missed Martinez Is hit then across the cooler before driving over Gonzalez let's order and chic Gonzalez was standing up and talking after the incident libero said it was the first time Gonzalez Who lives in Miami sparing him as a sophomore studying to be a teacher at Miami-Dade College has been the beats in two months Your father said I think she be gone back soon But instead of a pleasant day at the beast she's been a being between the demand sign I medical center and she survived that boy She had her lucky She was unlike Morris gives she survived that she was released the same day corner ocean rescue representatives Only Gonzalez really inspired the improvised Pacific information and originally saying she was still being examined by doctors by the grace of God She said home tonight instead of a funeral home He said since well my mommy beaches love life guards to temporarily use trucks in place of the Descently the lifeguard stands for the city officials our T's the dollars Martinez You see all the questions here Right, the Z they have days now 982 we got 20 minutes should be like crawling right over there to steal at it Now how's the pizza come we see that that's nice from our one no the parade Well, then you way down the bank a sound I'm in a great head of the Yeah, when it's just the only thing Since dad is gonna wait because he couldn't give her a breath that I think we want to have our 1000 votes by now. I haven't taken a puke at it. 996, like I said, we got a little more work to do. Not a lot. Don't go kick every the way. We don't want to overdo it because you said the bar too high, then people expected to go back and do it again. And this won't happen again anytime soon. Although tomorrow we probably will because we're going to have two pools tomorrow. The first one being about your favorite veggies put on your stinkin cap overnight and think about that. A lot of you are going to say, oh, the veggies suck. We don't like the veggies music. What's this? Yeah, you do. These are the same people that claim that they use soap and these are the same ones who are dropping it all the time. That's why they still use this soap. It's kind of hard to grab the body wash. It's really not easy. I've never not once if I were dropping a plastic bottle of body wash. Not one time yet. Right. But the soap, which is oops, so pretty. There it goes. Let me reach right down and grab that baby. As the young lawyer in the Reagan administration, Supreme Court nominee San Alito Jr. fascist in chief wrote that the Constitution doesn't protect the right to an abortion. He cleared his firm opposition to a certain affirmative action program and strongly endorsed a government role in protecting traditional values. Are you following all of those buzz terms? The comments came in a job application to the Senate Attorney General. It would be a third, maybe five. When leader was sick and the Bolster was conservative credentials and moved up at the Justice Department, he was subsequently promoted deputy assistant attorney general. He said he was particularly proud of his contribution to the case in which the Reagan administration argued before the Supreme Court that racial and ethnic quotas should not be allowed, and that the Constitution is not protected right to abortion. San Alito, another Nazi and they had the what's your name? Where came on Diane Feinstein before she had her meeting with him today. And by the beat, by the blow, and he's a very bright man. But you know all the other laughing why not just come out and say he's a Nazi okay Diane, you bitch. What is wrong with you? All these Democrats all beating around a bush, so to speed it. That's a problem that I've beaten around a bush. Not nearly enough. We got a thousand in some vote. That was in three. Thank you so much. And I said I'm like put us over the top again. Mighty white of them. There was. I'm thinking about lunch. What do your thoughts on dessert? That P can pie. I'm going to get that. It's a good one. Listen to me. I'm going to go get the BG's music since I have none of it here. I'm sure that it's there. We're probably behind you if it's over. If any. Yeah. I look for it. It's not there. So it's a problem. That's right. I'm going to get a piece of the style of our pizza and why would anybody stuff steal all my CDs or send that on. I'll never see it again anyway. But since I got to go in the store anyway, to get you to get my BG's, I'm going to get you pin. All right. And then you then give it to Josh and we'll see what he thinks of it. I think you might actually like it. I'll give it a shot. I'll give it to Josh. Oh, I know you'll like it. All right. I'd be shocked if you didn't like it. I'm going to get out one of the great movies of all time. So I ended up Canadian movie. I don't think it's underwear. It's shot in the different. Iraqi D10 East claimed they were put into a cage of lions. And if we're lying, you're dying. Two Iraqi businessmen who were imprisoned by US forces in Iraq claimed yesterday that Americans sold you through them into a cage of lions in a bag that palaces part of a terrifying interrogation in 2003. If it was done enough for Daniel and lions, then it's good enough for them. Remember Daniel and lions then? Yes, I do. And then he saw the head writing on the wall and said, bro, hot top yours. Something like that. He named his friends who were in there with him. No. Shadrak, me Shack and a baby. And a bend ago. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Me shack. Is that what you said? Shadrak, me. And a bend ago. And to bed we go. Jews in your names. Yeah, right. You know what? Sounds awfully. Yeah. Do I? It's a bed we go. Look at that. Is that anyway? They took me behind the cage. They were screaming and me steering me and beating me a lot. I'm not going to be disguised names. And if you're I can't read that name, it just makes no sense. One of the soldiers would open the door and two soldiers and push me in. The lions came right into her. They pulled me out and shut the door. I completely lost consciousness. Army Scopeman Paul Boyce that he's never heard of lions being used in any of the TV upgrades. It's never come up in any more of the way out of yani. But the interesting part is that Saddam Hussein's eldest son, Uday, kept lions in his compound at the presidential palace, which was taken over by U.S. troops during the war. There he go. And after they killed some of the wrong people, the first time, then they killed Uday and Kusay and all these other go. They were just fucking kids. That's right. The two men described the July day in 2003 when they were arrested by American troops with guns and armored vehicles. They said they were covered in plastic hoods and repeatedly struck by soldiers in the butt of their guns. They both described standing in front of a lion cage and said they could hear other prisoners screaming as the middle cage door crept open and shrines. They threatened if I didn't protest, they wouldn't be in the cage said, tell me. And that's a soldier's kept asking, where Saddam was. I laughed. I thought they were kidding me. They asked where the weapons advanced destruction. I was very surprised and thought it was weird. But when he laughed, he said he was only beaten more. And he said they pushed him into a cage three times, pulling him out as the lions moved toward it. Both men said they suffered continuing physical and psychological trauma such as pain, Alfrus, nightmares, and insomnia. Very similar to what John Void, the experienced deputy deliverance. After that trip up, they killed Hulaulasi, river up to entry. Saddam Hussein was held by U.S. forces from about six months in police about two months. Solmented though. And here you go. Sandilin lions then, John and the O'Way, was it John and O'Wayl? It was, but it was at a whale. It was a great fish. MIGFISH? Yes. I think it was Charlie Tune in my song. Maybe what maybe was the big Kahuna? How's Robby Umbra? How's Robby Umbra? He's so dead. Yes. He's a Robby. He's a two-fairy. KWU-A-R electronics. I'm dying out. There you go. Go, go to the joint. Air air fairy cały tamper, earth your every fulfilled stream and take 볼 and touch down sat Evean 1 turtles. And when you say Miami, you're so fucking toilet, both of them, they're the Miami Dolphins. Oh, Miami Dolphins, you fair Miami Dolphins number. Come and eat seems to believe, but it too. Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, don't bet on them, you'll always lose. The Dolphins can't beat anyone, can't even beat the spread. I wish that this one barley would come back from the dead. Oh, it's safe and makes some practice while he wears that stupid hat. Fill and up like their last head coach that loser day once that end there. Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number. The Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Some dolphins are in trouble, with lots of legal strides. Their tine and likes go were not by beating up this white. After tea, our crib and O' the other have sun drugs, and this is what will happen when you draft up on your fulcrum there. Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number. The Miami Dolphins number. The Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, they really are a mubby crew. The dolphins have no clocking, they've got no passing games. I've got just one suggestion. They ought to change their name. Do all my amy tampons. And why do such a thing? They're good for just one period and have no second string. And they're the Miami Dolphins. Oh, Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. How many jeans and a lean? No, you tell! Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. I can't the fancy gander boo! Oh, you suck! The dolphins have no balls except the ones they're playing with. I just can't wait to see how Ricky will you fix all it. It doesn't matter if he never has another choke. It seems that this team's playoff dreams have all gone up this hook and there but Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. 410. 42. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Now they're free. I think you need that too, maybe you need that too. Yeah. Okay, 150 times. Almost that time. Let us show it by like, re-slightening a day then. Oh, I turned my pot up. Oh, that's a say with me. Yes, I just like that. 2018 votes. We had nice little cushion on there just to make sure we got our 1000. The biggest baker on TV ever is, Jim and Tammy Faye Baker. They've held a lead from the beginning and just like Seattle's slow and a bit of con ketchup. 201. Pat Robertson, 182 though, he's right on their tail. Dr. Phil 166, Benny here in 133. Haven't seen him in a long time. That's probably why I'm such a good mood. I did all rally in 166. Sometimes when you see somebody for a long time, we were in a good mood because of it. No, no, no, no, no. Bill, around in 166. Jimmy Swagger, 46. Harado 35. Kevin Trudeau, he belongs behind bars 29. Con artist, Baker, don't find that book. Jennifer Crotch 25. Dr. Kennedy 17. Tim Rusted 13, Ernest Ainsley 9. Richie Simmons 8. Peter Popoff, six. Ron Popeau, five and Oprah, a solamentate trace. Bye bye.