So what's going to get in the talk show business? Not him. Who's that? Clinton? Really? Bill Clinton? I didn't hear them. Historian New York Post today? Yeah. Says that according to Harry Thomason, he's been talking with clear channel about starting a new show. Great. And I guess it would go on after rush. Hmm. Interesting. Yeah. I sure hope he does a better number than Bill or Ryan doesn't this market that big. Oh, there you go. Clinton, interesting. He just had, he's made no impact on radio and software. He just even cracked the ear. I didn't even know he was on here. Yeah. There you go. He's as anybody else. I guess. But how do you think Clinton would be as a talk master? I don't know. It's just, uh, who knows. Yeah. Every member of Mario Cuomo tried it. Yeah. Most politicians. I mean, he's, you know, he's fascinating for a little while. But I just, I don't know. He's listening. I don't listen to talk shows myself. You know what? Clinton is a great interview. Yeah. Well, too bad. I think somebody great to interview him. The fact that, uh, that you're a great interview doesn't make you necessarily a great talk show guy. Right. But every time I've heard a interview he's brilliant. Yeah. I like when he gets PO that's a media. That's, that's my favorite. Yeah. I remember couple interviews he did. Yeah. I think with a British media and just, uh, went off the deep end. It was great. Yep. And then deservedly so. Especially when you see what we got now, what's going on in the world right now. And this guy was put through the ringer over a couple of, uh, you know what? Yeah. Let's get serious. We can't say that. No, we certainly cannot. We can't even say you know what. We can just say, that's it. So I can't even say the name of the place where they had the US open last year. Really? Yeah. Shinnon Joyce. Ooh. Oh. Oh, yeah. I heard that place. Yeah. Both parts. Well, I'm off for Louisville. We can and Louisville. Yeah. It's some Phantom Race that doesn't even exist. You're not full of us. I'm going to be tooling in nicely. I won't be because I'll be gambling this weekend. I'll be in Niagara Falls. Slight in the afternoon. I'll be at the Fallsview casino. Tundee Mike guts out all weekend. So I won't be able to. Obviously it's users in the end. I might have to tune in just to make sure you're on the air. That's not one of these Phantom Raceists. No, I'll be there. Our opponent may have some interest in. We got 200 votes out of already. What's your favorite former gambling? Uh, 52 people don't gamble. But again, that leaves 151 who do. That's a great question. What's your, well, somebody. Oh, a slots. Used to be horses as you know, but not even come out. And riders. Right. Not anymore. See, to me, the most boring. I mean, Thurber at Race in the Me is just coma inducing. I mean, it's a bit of a half hour between races and you risk read that form over and over. And you change your mind 15 times. And there's nothing going on. There's no horses warming up. There's nothing going on. Now you have a simultaneous thing. You got a race going every time. That's true. That's true. So that's that's, that's priced it up. And I think that's told you already before the show. I said, that's the only thing that's kept, Racing alive is the simultaneous thing. You know what I like about the track is. Some, some, it used to be. And I wonder if this has something to do with the fact that you no longer wrote that. Just to the lie that guys you hung out with a track or no longer here. They did. Yep. That's right. Oh, sure. Go into the track. For example, not fat rich died. So how often when I'm home to think I'm going to be going over to pump an O park. I mean, I'll go once in a while. Yeah. And you went with call. There are a lot to the right. That's correct. So that's part. Well, you know, that's what I've heard. That's a lot of the good. Your buddies. And it's like a day at the races. That's all. That's right. The gambling is like a secondary thing. That's why a lot of people play golf. They go out there with a few guys and they, you know, Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You and more probably. We play a lot of golf together. I'll bet. Anyway, don't be fooled before Black Jack 37. Slots 22. Now, the person who sent this suggestion for this poll and said, show that charged courtesist finger to and take a poll on, you know, because Josh is very negative around slots. He thinks it's only for like pansies and all the ladies. Yeah. And I keep trying to. No, seriously, if he would go out. Well, he just he just got a close mind. I got to wood by it's astonishing how many young people there are. There are just all kinds of people. Young and old and ethnic and you name it. Gay. Slots 22. Poker 19. Sports betting 18. Cratch 11. Lotter. Lotter. 10. That's a good bet. Rue 10. Russian rule at nine. Question. What? I'll tell you, well, what the. I wish I could pick the nine in my audience who are playing Russian rule at kind of like fixed the gun ahead of time. I would like to send that game for the sales department. There you all. Please don't even start me with that. Horses nine. Cockfighting four. Highlight three. Dog racing two. Bridge one. Being going on and back. Rat none. How about sports betting 18. Okay. Just behind poker. But you see that. So horses and I mean, and then of course you look high line of dog racing. I mean, way though. I was told George before, but when I first came to town. High line and dog racing were huge. Remember when you stay on the mountain. These are the dog and both. High line and dog. You know, Christmas night was enormous. It might be high like a set. Yeah. They didn't run all year long. And the busking and flag with it. They have the mountain. They had a hit on the 70,000 and the afternoon. And they had over a million and night on a weekend. We had more than a million. I wasn't talking about that the other day. Yeah. The busking doing. Can it's good? Good. Yeah. But the days when he was out at the busking. That was a great time. Great. They're all right. It treated everybody great. It was terrific. I love this game. It was a fun. It was a fun friendly place. But it would be interested on the poker part of it to see how that broke down age wise. Because, you know, I just read a story and sports illustrated about how many young people are in the poker right now. Yeah. And if you're writing down further like the people of play that's not so video poker is huge now. Yep. I mean, people are watching poker on television. What about Texas Holvem? Is that like a, is that, is that, what is that? That's a, that's a form of poker. Right. It's a high-low game. It's a, and it or it's or you can play straight poker. And what channel can I watch that on? He has to be in the pool. Oh, no thanks. No. I was watching yesterday. They had a great match. Get out of here. You were watching poker. You know, you've turned that on. No, but by accident. And you get hooked watching it for a few minutes. Because it is so fascinating to watch the watching people play. Play cards to me is like watching other people play golf. No. You know what the ratings are? I know it's just shows you where we are. Reality programming and operator for Oprah. Yep. See what is that said. The fact that Scott ratings doesn't mean much to me. But that's what the young people are doing. No, man's car. All the people waiting for the big cray. See, now that's a different culture all together. I know it's out there. Oh, it's out there. All right. It's huge. It's something that doesn't affect me one way or another. But I know it's there. Me and the least. No, but it's just never took enough VC powders to be in the man's car. It's fun sitting there. You might as well to me. It's no different from getting a high rise over looking at 95. Yeah. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. That's a good idea. You're going to see one. All right. I got to get a plane to catch. Oh, great. Well, listen. Have a great time in New York with his bogus race. What is it? Peter Stuyvesen. I'll say I'm not going to be in New York. It's Louisville. It's the Stephen Foster. Oh, the Stephen Foster is he a Stephen Foster. He would. Yep. And my old Kentucky home. I said you might explain it today. I think I would. I don't know they do it before the derby. Oh, they don't. Before this race. No. Well, what about Stephen Foster? Well, he wrote the song. I've been working on the railroad. That's why he's got this. For the song of the South. That's why he got it named after him. Well, I'll be there. And the race, too. Well, someday they can have the New Yorkers and the Hakele of the Memorial Race. Hope not too soon. There was a horse named Alan J. Finkelson. Yes. Yes. Yeah, you know. Okay. He's still running by the way. Well, listen. Enough of this race track. Catch your plane. I'll see you Monday. Don't lose too much. I'll try not to. Also. You hear Monday, right? Thank you, pardon? You're still here Monday. Absolutely not. Are you out of your mind? When do you leave? Today's tomorrow's by the beginning of the end. Tomorrow's the, uh, I got vacation and then I want to come back a week from next to day. Oh, okay. A week from next to day. I'll be here. Okay. Bye. Bye. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. I'll be here. Oh, wait a sec. We're recording a spot. Thank you. Yes. I'll get in with you. I know this is for sure. Thank you. There's a very disturbing, but you don't seem to be doing it, but you're already new that because of all the signals who are up so already, we haven't even officially started yet and we've already got technical issues, but that's okay because we're used to with many audience knows where they are, right? That's the station ID. Yeah. The station right here, all the ESCoodup stuff, that's WQAM, market down. Anyway, here's a thanks from Frank, so I guess we let the cat out of the bag right it on the pool, which is fine, because I think our handsome plungers are one out of the human on it. Frank says, I am nearly addicted to online casinos. We want to put that on there, online casinos, I guess so. Okay, online gaming is huge, yeah. In fact, if you are, oh brother, if you go online and type in slots and just do a Google it, the stuff that comes up and I've never checked them out because I know that's the last thing I want is to get involved already. Wow, holy. That the only thing is bad, well, I guess maybe not worse, but as bad will be left for me to sign up for this HMI, this source racing network. Long on this drop fire, this 7 to 1 shot leads by 3. So what I'm saying, I mean, somebody facts that stock market so I added that. Oh, stock market, that's gambling, where you could put it in a bad bed too. A fool in his money are soon forwarded. Anyway, French is nearly addicted to online casinos, the slots are awesome. I rarely can't shout in when I do, because you know, find some reason not to pay, but they're still pretty fun. Well, what is that? Because, you know, if this find some reason not to pay, great. Sign me your online. That's all. What is that all about? Frank, also I like betting baseball at online sports book. You can bet 10 bucks at a nine team parlay and is which is when is much as 15 grand. Pretty good odds of winning if you can pick nine positive odds. Well, that's great if you never collect Frank. So you know, that's fine. But when he says the casino finds some reason not to pay, that doesn't sound like my kind of gambling. Ha ha ha ha. Wow. Frank, get some help, Frank. Please, before it's too late. Check out that AGA, whatever it is. Best vacation city in the world, we asked that yesterday. I also noticed Adam didn't make his presence felt this morning before the show. That was pretty interesting considering we had an issue yesterday. And of course the operations manager was going in the hiding. And I understand, you know, see these people figure things just take their way through one more day after tomorrow. Beyond vacation for a week. Then we go into the summer schedule. I'll rarely be around to bother everybody. And that's fine, you know, that's okay. So what you want to look at it. Not to run. And really like doing your job. I understand. Best vacation city in the world is we had 244 votes. Pretty way down. We had that we're way off our feet yesterday. I think our technical property audio of all put us in a way funk around the moon in the world. It was funky. And then of course we had that big chunk first in the funk and then we lost that chunk at about 145. Although the Marlins kicked ass yesterday. Why did you get some nasty smelly Chicago Cabas? What was it? 15 to five? That's right. Wow. I saw that score and I thought, well, how do you like that? That'll teach them a thing or two. And what did I tell you? Comes one the night before 14. Nothing. What did I say? They're going to wish they saved a whole bunch of those runs. And they did not. Best vacation city in the world is I predicted and thanks to our show. Remember, it was Las Vegas 265. Speaking of the Josh court, as he got his flavor wave, we were cranked up last night. His flavor wave, Deluxe oven, and man loved it. Awesome. I told you, you'll never use that George Foreman thing again. We loved George Foreman a lot and he had a very fine product there. But you know, like everything else, you know. If anybody wants to buy my George Foreman. Yeah, put it on eBay. Tell him that the Virgin Mary wants popped up in it or some virgin. But at any rate, it's just things run their course, you know. But people actually use to listen to the radio. Wait. Oh, long time ago. This 265, Hot Lula 147, and today I'm 123. See you on the damn rack, eh? New York 119. Rome 102. That's my choice, boy. See, if you're going to pick just one city, you must go to Rome. Paris 76 Chicago 51, Floridaly 41. You can get on the train in an hour and a little over an hour. If it shows up on time and be influenced from Rome. Good for one day. London 39, no all means 33, butthalona 33, Boston had. But turn me out. Why do that guys? Just comments about Boston. He probably lost his asset suffoc downs. Victoria BC 26, San Diego 26, Nicanos 23, if you're into Greek. Madrid 22, LA 16, Seattle and Berlin 14th of Feast. Well, Berlin started making a move there. Colo and Germany 11 and Endora had nine. This is Endora's. Have it as daughter on the passenger's. Yes. Stores are Endora. I don't know if they start with a passion stuff. They don't be knocking at. He wait. He's finally found out that Beth took Marty and she's racing off to godly knows where. She's at the state line. Have they do these stuff on passions, baby? Tells people our eyes holes. They're so, so good going there. And just know how it is. They've ended it. We're going to have a little little union here. You feel the an eye. Please, they had a little problem with their scuyons. You'll feed it today. I think that the satellite fell down as something. Yeah, like a thought. I don't have you know my fucks of the lightfully fine. Thank you very much. Now if they don't mind, let's return to the same kitty's sport. How about a little touchy theory? Now see here. We're over here. Okay. Now see here. What the end. I want a sucker. Yeah, it's so stupid. I am so stupid like they say. I'm the official voice of the Pantsons. I don't know. Hey, deal. Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo. How do you know? Well, it is. It's not my never told you. Yeah. How am I? I'm your father. I'm your father. I'm your father. I'm your father. I'm the embryo. I'm the embryo. I just come out of there. What up here? Let's reunite. What do you say? No. Sorry. You know what Gildy said about that? You went too happy about the idea. Softwater Real Estate investing somebody says, Here when he's got a little diagram, Pop has in the bubble bursting and there goes your money. Says, coming to a bubble near you soon. Well, just put real estate. What's wrong with that? I think we ought to like narrow this down. Since we want to get any calls on this today, which is fine. Video poker, we should put that on there. Even though it slots over into poker and slots, but video poker is enormously popular. Okay. Texas Hold'em. Which that's why it's tank. I don't even know what the letters are. It's a form of poker. It's a form of poker. So we should not put that on there. Very big now. Huge. Cumongus. We'll put it on there while you're at it. Well, so in other words, video poker, we don't want to put on either. No, put video poker on there. I mean, I put, you're not talking about online, right? You're talking about, like, the machines. Okay. I'll put it on. Right. I mean, it's slots, but then again, it's also, it's not the civic thing. Did we put online gaming? No, yeah. Yeah. And that's because all those people are still busy trying to collect. That was, that was disturbing to me. No, seriously. I mean, you have no way of knowing how to do it. Right. It's one thing we go under and buy, like, I don't know, a pair of gloves or something, or a hat online. And then, wow, you know, I'm really hoping that this is really whatever it is. So for a book from amazon.com. By the way, how's your movie coming, director? Oh, well, see that over. No, North by Northwest, it was backward. So it's, uh, sometime before the, in between, it's said between Alan's circus. I'm sure before I die, which I think circus is not October. I'm not really sure, but that's what they said. Some someday, I mean, Jack got his. He didn't like it unfortunately, but he got his. At least he's like a micro, not the micro of the flavor wave. Right. So one other two in bed. He's going to do it. And you're like, toss it. This is something you can use forever, never. And like he pointed out, the thing of it is he, the minute you turn it on, it's at the temperature, like it's, or nearly is 400 degrees. And it's 400 degrees right away. You'll have to preheat it and sit there and wait and wait. Or like with the oven. You know, you have to put it on preheat and then you set the timer for like ten minutes and you go with it. Is it, uh, is it doing it yet or what, you know, it makes your house all hot. Yeah, that's right. He's up to kitchen. Anyway, it's almost like doing a spot, but it's just such a good product. And now you see why we're so enthusiastic. Thank you. Again, welcome Josh. Thank you. Bob, my Romani kills five US Marines. This must be a mistake. More dead people in, uh, with there. Five US Marines were killed by a vomiramadi according to a US military source. The Marines decided the second Marine Division, uh, were killed today. Yesterday. Yesterday. When the roadside vomistor of vehicle during combat operation also, a US sailor died of wound suffered and he was hit by enemy small arms fire during combat operation in Ramadi. There is, uh, let's see, six, six more. The number of American troops killed since the Iraq War began. Now is 1713 and marching, nicely on the way toward 18 hundred. And of course, thousands and thousands, at least 12,000 injured and we don't really know the honest number. And over 100,000 dead Iraqis. But hey, things are going very well for you. I'm Sean and March. Chorthy. Yeah. You think we're going to get any calls today? Honest think is, I don't really care when we're dead. Especially since tomorrow is D-Day for me. Tomorrow is a major day in my life. Maybe it's D-Day. It is D-Day. Uh, maybe Duffel coming in like a paterson ahead tomorrow before the show because he certainly shine this this morning. Hoping that by tomorrow morning, I'll forget about, see, I think what he does not understand. Now that he's become, he's become the surrogate sales manager. He doesn't understand that. Because you mean there's not much to do with oxmanager. That's just kind of like a thing where they like shove you down after being a PD. Like kid curry, you know. But now he can be the surrogate sales manager because our sales manager is a voice and he didn't have the co-holms to come in and talk to any of us on a year. So instead he goes into hiding. So when it tenders in issue, we have to have somebody like verbalize and pretend really cares about it. And so Duff is the surrogate sales manager now and he's got it in a hiding. You're fairie. Maybe he's back there with a clearance. Maybe they're doing something. Not a clearance. Curtis and clearance. Maybe they haven't like a three way. W-W-A-N-Hello. W-W-A-N-Hello. W-W-A-N-Hello. W-W-A-N-Hello. Well, now. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good. Good. I have a chance to do that. You're going to have to be able to get through to you. But I was listening to your show a couple weeks ago, you're talking about revenants. Yeah. And as much as I-and not upset you're Cuban friend, he was correct in that. You've got the kicking scheme with pride on you. Right. Yeah, we have an error sent me to recipe for. Not that I'm going to be making it, but it'll kill you. I don't think it will help you. I'm going to need my right. You're not a-Well, why is that? There's no glucose. There's no sugar in there. It's got nothing to do with blood sugar. You know how you clog your arteries right now. What does that comment about my little tube and friend? What was that you hate him like poison? Just not a big fan. I just I like your show a lot better Right, not that better. I really don't that's okay. You don't have to like him. There's no lot of says you got to like him. Just pretend you're listening to me That's all I will feel thanks He doesn't like you, but it's not like he hates you. I find it his way there. I'm not really thought it I know you don't have to get defensive. He didn't like if you went as he said it and he also made you kudos for no Like ribbon is it is for a little spiky know yeah People would know goodness for other culture food unlike some people right? WKOM hello Hey, good morning. Yeah, sir. What is this? Well, it was the a little um, I was kind of call yesterday. He'd be cashed for the show on history channel Inside the mafia No, it was on Monday or Tuesday. He just he's ironic. I might put on again Yeah, interviews from Mike's Gangsters and well, I've seen about 40 thousand of those shows by now. So I think I probably could write my own book Probably, yeah, they want one thing when you come back on vacation and you bring me a for a few You okay, but I'm a little bit nervous. No, primal. No, brie. No, brie. In fact, I'll go to Copenhagen. They got a lot of 7-11's over there I never told you Blake is on our VD curtain today and Blake is a big improvement over that means bitch. We had on yesterday Oh brother was she ugly or what? Who? Yes, I don't give me the no. Okay. Oh, she was ugly. She knows that could she could use that for a letter opener that it was that was just Nested upward. That's all that matter. There was pointed all right. What's the point? Anyway, you can defend your audio while she was a beast, but we got no is Ashley. We got a blade today She got three pictures. He's fine. She's spotless. She's pretty pretty clean and That's what this queen would tell you. She's fine. So the coast is clearing going to be the curtain today You've only got a few days left. Oh, we come today We'll be finito for the being curtain out of your way. Well, bye bye, and then of course, probably for our website too But what can I tell you then we'll find out exactly because Josh keeps telling me people just Love those stories. Yeah, even if you don't see it in there. I will tell you this that all summer long Well, at least some of these when I'm working out what did I tell you that you're gonna do it all every day. Okay. I'll do it Every day during the summer whether I'm on or not I will do the be curtain stories not that George isn't capable of doing it, but it just that I thought that he's pressing and it's it takes hours And very well, plus you got a family to support you got of course to get out right I was here to the land the sign no it takes time to very busy schedule 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM, you know, calm cast is acting different right now And soon your TV's gonna be acting a lot different too because now calm cast offers more choice and control the never be for with Comcast digital cable and DVR Paws and rewind live TV would just a touch of a button never miss a moment of the big game again with the instant replay button You can easily record your favorite show for an entire season and make television fit your schedule Maybe the phone is ringing. I have to do is hit that button pause live TV talk All you want and restart your show right where you left off plus there's no expensive equipment to buy your long-term contracts to sign So call 1 800 Comcast today and give Comcast digital cable and hbo for just 29 99 a month for three months at a DVR for just 9 95 a month more call 1 800 Comcast today and change the way you watch TV forever toll free. It's 1 800 Comcast Proof worksoeno I'm the way I'm the way Take care of it The same first name we've got Hey hey hey parents Can I have to say that heart I'm waiting for you All of my life I will be your one One One One And pull away I guarantee Roger Maris was a lot of How was in here I saw looking into how to eat more It's a 1032 a QA Here's a facts from Adam that says I'm sorry Thanks Adam You're okay I told you he would never let me down A very conscientious guy That's right But it would for that In fact, it's what you quoted in the sentence But it would for that Well, easy words responsive Unlike some people You're fair Gone in the hiding now Hiding Cowering under the desk Man, what a wuss Anyway, here's the full question Today I guess I should have mentioned that tonight Probably be a good thing Okay, slow me down a little bit We just got today And I'm not going to get there a lot of here for a while So good What's your favorite form of gambling We asked 380 and 48 votes so far I don't gamble 70 and George Before the show is friends Say See they don't gamble But of course, what he has in realises That the overwhelming majority of the rest of the people It's just divided up No, I understand I voted for a poker In other words, 260, 270 people do gamble And 78 are like boring You don't have to gamble your money It's hard to earn it A full of his money Soon, part of that 20 that many times Especially after a bad day it would mine But nevertheless, most of the people I know don't gamble I mean they have but they just don't I'm trying to think No, most of the people I know do gamble Not compulsively But they go to Vegas Shoulder go No, I'm not talking about compulsive gambling Like the one we have a QAM I'm not talking about gambling At all Not talking about people like gambling Like if there's two leaves falling from the tree Which one will hit the ground first That way The redwood My uncle the booky mugs these Solomon Anyway But what's your favorite foreign gambling I don't gamble 78 Blacks Act 54 Poker 34 Slav 32 20 smart ass Sports betting 27 The lottery 20 That's a great bed Not Crafts 18 Talk fighting 16 Horses 16 Rue 15 Rushroom 1112 Highly 4 Dog racing 4 The stock market 3 Rich 2 Video poker 1 By the way, the Russian red people Come to your home and give it some help Stock market 1 Back to that one And real estate nuns Spades Spades Yeah, put that on late What's that? That card game? Yeah Spades Are we going to put like my strong run here too And shuffle board Because fades How about old maid That rhymes with spades How about David spades Yeah, I'd like the gable is it Spades my ass Online gaming none and being on another online gaming thing I don't believe that I know some of you Effective probably that's why they're not on their website They're busy plunging your guts right now Or maybe they're trying to get the money back I think we're going to open two browser that's a set of You know that you know my room That's somebody that's got a problem that admits to us That sends us a facts It says he loves the fun of gambling online But because you know always gives him excuse Why not to give him his money What is that? He said a crazy person As a matter of fact, I'll give you a PO box I haven't opened it yet But I'll go fuck, go make one And you can just send your money there Frank And I'll give you all I'll give you all the amusement you want Wow Now they keep banging away on this a rubble case I mean this This is just nauseating Because this is the way the media operates as you well know But here's the story Finally it says was race a factor in the rubble arrest That isn't even a story that I was looking for Sorry, let me look through my pile There was a story about why it is that there That's not the story You idiot, you simple to new You're fair right, that's me Oh here you go Well that ties right in with this The last people to see Natalie Hollower And I she disappeared in a rubble where the 188 son of a local judge in two middle-class young men Of surnames descent according to a local police Within days when Hollower was last seen in the early hours of May 30 About 30 men A rubble police arrested two black security guards who worked at the hotel Where she was staying One question swirling around the investigation was whether police initially Targeted the security guards who released without charges Eight day ladies as suspects at least in probably because of their race or class now Most of the missing adults strike by the FBI are men More than one and five of those abducted or kidnapped are black But you might not get that impression from the news media And some journalism watch dogs are not taking the industry to task for what they see as a Disproportment emphasis on cases in which white girls and women Overwhelmingly upper-middle class and attractive Disappear Sean Relievee anyone Television executive run away bride and mussees like low class and whatever Television executive so we see much of the criticism defend their coverage They stress that such cases as the recent disappearance in a rubble of 18-year-old Natalie Hollower of Alabama are extraordinary It would be news weather newsworthy no matter her better why is that extraordinary? What's extraordinary about it she told you she was white hot pretty right? Yeah, there you go from a white bread place. Well, that's extraordinary It says in the no critic denies that the Holloway case of the disappearances are rinsing for those involved But some insist that media attention on so few people overshadows them more than 100,000 active files on missing adults and children Currently tracked by the FBI I-I-I-I-I-I To be blunt blonde white chicks who go missing get covered and poor black Hispanic Other people are cover of a missing do not get covered Said Tom Rosensteel directed the Washington based project for excellence in journalism You're more likely to get covered if you're attracted than if you're not Well, who wants to go out and look at rugby people? I like way to get laid if you're attractive to watch a lot of look for ugly people They said during Mayning, President of Roberts, the major Institute for Journalism Education A group that works to improve diversity in newsrooms and news coverage in terms of giving citizens the information Amy I think we're failing because we're not giving an accurate portrayal of the world around them That's so little, little, little, little, little On its website the National Center for Missing adults for a thousand more than a thousand individuals including photos Physical descriptions short narratives of when they were last seen their young and old working class and professional of all ethnic backgrounds Most are average looking and most never even receive a mention in their local newspapers or TV broadcast Said Aaron Bruno, a case manager of the center who tries to interest media outlets and publicizing missing adults We want everybody to give coverage, but we don't get to make those choices said Bruno Who estimates that one of the five news releases she sends out each week gets media attention Of the nearly 47,600 active adult cases tracked by the FBI as of the beginning of May 53% were men 29% black about club percent of US population is black census data show About 62% of those missing are white pathetic and clues is panics Coding those FBI statistics is by saying 99% of the nations in the world are not at war So why are you focusing on a war, but a rack is an extraordinary event involving a merceness Mark Fron VP of news at MSNBC what makes news is the unexpected He said hallways disappearance during a shaperone trip is unusual and will be heavily covered by MSNBC regardless of agenda or ethnicity I hear a sound coming Chris the Robinson is folks of enforcing it and they certainly not news never said that a wide range of editorial considerations including Comfortation of rubber news events impact the attention given the potential story the race of ethnicity of a possible victim She said is not a factor. So in other words the fact that all these people are dying in a rack and all the merceness soldiers That said, all of this stuff is going on the fact that we ought to have an impeachment against this administration right now And so that's why we've heard about Rebecca a lot of dead Jennifer a Wilbank's right day after day after day after day They're run away bride God almighty I cried over the cover to the runaway bride. I'd give a good try. I was so upset But Rosensteel said that analysis of cable news in recent years shows an upward trajectory of the salacious crime story Including those missing white female such as Sean Relievey Lacey Peterson, Jonathan A. Ramsey and Elizabeth's not so smart Many consider women more sympathetic potential victims than men and white women even more so it's a crystal-brent zoope A professor at Columbia University is journalism school who wrote an article published in this month essence magazine about missing black women who are largely ignored Who's appealing who's sexy she asked who's you daddy the virginal pure blonde princess is missing and has a lot to do with class and sexuality and ageism Not just race if some old lady if some old babbage quiz missing out there is anybody here about her huh? No, do we have like big big remotes from cemetery villager when more I don't think so Three moments like and now the star of our show Dave Japan Dave Japan Anybody know where Dave is the show. Hell show season 3 VBD also features commentary from ship metal show cast members like Charlie Murphy This next tip it's supposed to be like a new rich James sketch, but a day never showed up What's in a muse with their shows writers? I was working on the best comedy on TV now I can't say my red Thanks a lot Dave the show show season 3 VBD just like they should now you can't find it anywhere I'll paint it something else that belongs on our upholda gambling and it's golf. Oh, yeah E enormous humongous amounts of money are gamble every single day on golf That's why a lot of guys plays just it's something to bet on you know right want to bet no The secret British member of 2002 that reported that El Presidente was determined to go to war against Iraq months earlier than he publicly acknowledged We'll get its first official hearing today sort of in the closest version so far to a congressional hearing on the Downing Street memo Representative John Coniors of Michigan will head a former examining the document that will be followed by an internet organized rally in front of the White House Coniors pants to deliver the signatures of 105 congressional Democrats and more than a half a million citizens on petitions demanding a detailed response from the Bush administration to the memos allegations more than a half a million signatures. They got how do you like that you go John The memo minutes of a meeting that British Prime Minister Tony Blair had with AIDS on July 23rd 2002 And London said it seemed clear that Bush had made up his mind to take military action Bush has long said he didn't decide to go to war until shortly before the bombing began in March 2003 The memo also says that the Bush White House fixed intelligence data to justify the war Bush's prewar emphasis on the danger of Iraq's weapons Amazes destruction proved to be erroneous after inspectors failed to find any the memo came to light on May one and Sunday times of London So far in the US it's triggered more of a national side than a gas but news of its spread quickly on internet blogs Coniors said he's holding the hearing which will be televised on C-SPAN 3 to uncover whether there was a secret decision Well, how did the authority Congress have given an October 11, 2002 to Bush to launch the war Coniors said the memo suggested even as the Bush administration is assuring Congress They were secretly planning the war And it's bad enough that the Bush administration had sold little international support for the Iraqi war that their coalition of the willing met the US Britain and the equivalent of a child imaginary friends It's even maybe Captain Howdy was in there with us you think And who captain Howdy oh from after from the assassin are you eating again And it must be I bet it's how he's again We'll see even worse that is the downing stream memo confirms they had sold little evidence of real threats that they knew from the start They were going to have to manufacture excuses to go to war What's more damning still is that the effectively began this war even before the congressional vote With John Count Reckon is about to hold those hearings coverage of the downing stream memo is finally beginning to leak into the media Can we say leak it's finally beginning to be in the media in contrast We've heard almost nothing about the degree to which this administration began actively fighting the war in Iraq We're led in Vance of March 2003 official attack before both the October 2002 US congressional authorization and the November UN resolution Recording that Saddam Hussein opened the country up to inspectors. This is by Paul Rogat low Common street or common dreams.org got it. That's for that guy. I was saying yesterday. Well tell us where it's from common street a dreams.org He says I follow Iraq pretty closely, but was taken aback when Charlie Clements not head of the Unitarian Universal Service Committee Describe driving in a bag dead neighborhood six months before the war and a building would just explode hit by a missile from 30,000 feet What is that building Clements would ask oh that's a telephone exchange Played right a conference in Nevada's Nellus Air Force Base Clements her to US General boast that he began taking out assets that could help in resisting an invasion at least six months before war was declared Earlier this month Jeremy Skate Hill wrote a powerful piece on the nation's website describing a huge aerosolton September 2002 Approximately a hundred US and British planes flew from Kuwait into a wreck of airspace skate Hill rights and at least seven types of aircraft were part of this massive operation Including US F-15 strike Eagles and Ruler Force Tournament or Grout Attack Plains They dropped precision guided munitions on Saddam Hussein's major Western Air Defense facility clearing the path for special forces helicopters that lay in Waiten Jordan Earlier attacks have been carried out against Iraqi command and control centers radar detection systems revolutionary guard units communication centers and mobile air defense systems The Pentagon's goal was clear destroy a maximality to resist why are we talking about this is skate Hill points out this was a month before the congressional vote And two months before the UN resolution Supposedly part of enforcing no fly zones the bombings were actually systematic assaults on a mass capacity to defend itself the US had never declared war Worsh had no authorization not even a fig leaf he was simply attacking an abination because he decided to do so This preemptive war preempted our own Congress as well as international law. I don't think most Americans know these prewar attacks ever happened aside from those of Red Skate Hill's recent peace or here or hurt him on democracy now I recall no mainline media coverage at the time and little in the even in the alternative press the bombings that destroyed Iraq's air defenses were under the radar for both American media and the public If coverage of the Army's female continues to increase I suspect the administration will try to dismiss it as mere diplomatic talk just inside baseball But they weren't just manipulating intelligence so they could attack no matter how Saddam Hussein responded They weren't only grabbing would be allies in the participation They were fighting a war they planned long before they just didn't bother to tell the American public and again once again So I don't think a restaurant on T's got a summer at on it. How do you like that? I don't know who's this online too Painting the ass collar QA and hello Hey, you're going on man. I know shit Two for the whole Faggaret and Blackjack Oh, you're right I All right, I got one. I don't gamble. How's that? Alright, how about burp back rat? Yeah, what's your favorite former gambling? I don't gamble my denying blackjack 65 But that's your move it up past after he said it in the poker 43 slots 38 Josh I know they're all gay a sports betting 33 the lottery 27 horses 22. We didn't separate through a bread from harness racing because I don't know I'll crash 19 related 18 cockfighting 17 Russian we're not 13 hopefully Uh, uh, Close that grann is one of those people the gardening guy too Gilbert Gilbert absolutely Uh, Russian let 13 stock market eight high-life five video poker four and again I realize it's time to people voted or oh well, we really met well whatever It's not rocket science this poll will knock it out in the emails of the human race just relax just for fun Uh, dog racing four real estate three stock market two bridge two back rat one Spades Spades one is spades come on great game. It's like hearts not unlike pinnacle Yeah, and it's a card game and we put in Tiddly Winx on here right now Monopoly he's spelled out with T or D's oh spades don't have any votes online gaming none in bingo none online gaming has none That's good. I'm glad to see that. Yeah, I am glad to see that all I don't believe it because they're probably just to ashamed to admit they probably figure we're gonna be tracing the votes Because that's just I mean there's like 87 million these offshore online gaming deals and goddally knows where the hell they are and the if you're ever gonna see your money I mean and addition to which I can't think of anything possibly worse. Can you though one thing to be like addicted or just maybe not addicted But like a plunge and lot at the Vegas or at the local casino where ever it might be it's another thing to sit there right in the company you're on home Right like I said like those call in race track good deals punging your guts out. I mean morning noon and night. Can you guys I'm limited? Huh? You might have that Mahoney guy had had the internet's that thing. Oh, yeah, they would have had the internet's back in the early 80s which they didn't he would have turned into Howard Hughes There he is right out there has a call on there Mahoney Toronto guy who got himself all straightened. That's good And who was that mini driver played the wife? Yeah, I believe so right mini dude. He was adequate when say she was great. I mean she was very a huge part He was certainly very What's the word I'm looking for yes? No, I'll be side that that that's a given with her. She was very Consider it very Oh, yeah, I understand it very understanding very flexible and very stupid. I guess well maybe desperate That's a very QAM hello Can you drive her by the wife to I am Yeah, you know how you do pretty good pali I know you don't like golf, but a lot of business then we gather up Saturday and Sunday And we pass heavily on the golf course right that in fact I think we put we didn't put it on her yet. I told Josh that but he's like Adam and he want to put yeah golf is going to be big Yeah, you know you got a much with you how much would you plug in like an average match Well, you got you got a bunch of matches going and you can lose anywhere between 3 4 500 up to 1000 Oh, right actually So it's good you know my business man that's my only advice Well, I'm not from Robert that. I'm your guy pali and have a good summer And you too. There you also see there's golf which I'm ready called reminded because I thought well we just put that on here, but Josh for some reason people It's that you put spades on it instead of golf Uh-huh, I listen put up whatever we want on there man. Do you think it really makes any difference to me at this stage of the game and this pun in my life By the way, we really missed you this morning, tough not I mean we missed a little pad on ahead. How we're going to do this show all the way till to a clock attention man Ha ha ha ha ha ha You're fairy WKOM hello Good morning Neil how are you pretty good? Um, little tip that have information here. I was watching a news this morning scroll in the cross the bog not a little tip it's a news I saw that the head bought the rights to the runaway bright for a movie Now yeah, that's I got that in my hand right now in the story too. Unbelievable. Then anything on the screen. I want to make you want to gag and cube your guts out. And that actually is one of my favorite bits you have that. I'm coming up on the right. It's coming up very soon. Have a beautiful day. Then you two play. How do you like that? Yeah, runaway bright inks deal with firm pitching movie. We'll do that after the break. That is so disgusting And so she had her 15 seconds of fame, but I was she really exploited for being a real sloth. Because everybody all that money had everybody crazy. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Man. I'm talking I think America has gone nuts led by the irresponsible grave robbing media. I think America has gone over the day they've gone off the end. They've just lost it collectively because he's gone. I bet don't you? Oh yeah. It's like the country could speak collectively America would say. Like that would be the American thing right now. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. He's American. I would be good too. And then the Gargling guy could like chime in 10 57 and 5 60 WM. We got the mole monster with two. We got mad dog at bruise room in Pompano for Goliath 7. Goliath is good lot of airtime and it aka a 10 o'clock. And by now you've got an O'er friend Anthony Kelly. And he's the main man of acceptance capital mortgage. So before you call any other mortgage company, let Anthony tell you what you didn't know. And that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products. You don't have much of a choice. And if you're credit is less than 100% absolutely positively perfect. You're going to get turned down. You're going to hear the old NO. And of course, if you're not working with the right lender, chance of getting approved. Or maybe 50 50 anyway. So if you really want an approval, if you want the mortgage rate that you're looking for, call Anthony Kelly and the right amount of all the other BS. Call fool free. 1 8 8 8 4 8 3 loan. That's 1 triplet 4 8 3 loan. Let the main man in this team put you into mortgage. It means you need avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe being turned out because you call the wrong number. Call the main man Anthony Kelly and what acceptance capital mortgage today. 1 8 8 8 4 8 3 loan. That's 1 triplet 4 8 3 loan. Don't forget every time they close along. The portion is donated to kids in this dress. So why would you want to call anybody else? Get yourself exactly what you're looking for. A video of Dayton's switch called the main man Anthony Kelly and the two day at 1 8 8 8 4 8 3 loan. What a come to school. Really a school. School for your five six five two way. This is the Neil Roger itself. This is your friend. You failed. Any questions? You're a little Mike. Think. Hello. Hello. You have a first. What the hell is a minor on the? You've been kidnapped. Why you cry? You're trying to like your cry. I'm getting up by aliens. Can't get enough again. I'm so excited. Keep in mind, kid. That by aliens. Where did I dump you? I'm looking for a key. Albuquerque. I'm not an American. Where? In Mexico. Where? In Mexico. In Mexico. Yes. I was in Georgia. No, no, no, Mexico. Okay. I don't believe you. But you don't have to laugh, really. No. I want to get married. I really do. I was kicked out by aliens. I'm not a lady. I've got your hair. I can sure hear. I can. Who does? The aliens. I'm sure hear. You say you're hearing me like, right? I see. I'm a little longer than that. A little longer like Fabio. I never thought I could show them. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. I'm not a woman. Can you get me a scorpion? What? A scorpion. What? A scorpion. What? A blueberry wolf. I just think I'm not. I think it's your scorpion. All right. I'll get a myself. You really been kidnapped. I'm so pale into the blue man. Alien Strave Blueland. I like the Chevy Land. So? The Ford? No? What kind of land is this? What? Did they tell me the same thing? Did they probe you? No? I'm not coming. I'm not coming. I'm not staying at the 7 or 11. You don't want to murder me. No. What? No. I don't care. I'm not coming. I'm done with it. I'm busy. Bye bye. I'll take it. I'll leave it. I'll leave it. Bye. I'll leave it. Anyway, if you're right killed, was there a sloth out of the courtroom on a structure? Did you see that? No, I didn't. I'm on a property. And if you're right killed, what is he 91? Something like that? Anyway, he looked okay to me. He just sit and up and there. Yeah, I slept a lot of there on a structure. It looks to me like they're just postponing the inevitable. Okay, and maybe he'll just cope first before they find the convicted. They find the convicted's an FBI or a clinic, a clean ass. Run away, Brian. Thanks, dear, with firm pitching movie. This is so disgusting. And it says officials are searched for her are not amused. Run away, Brian Jennifer Wilma, he's made a deal with a company that's pitching a movie about her life to networks, annoying the officials who spent thousands of dollars in countless hours searching for her ugly ass. Searching for her ugly BDI'd ass. Reagan Media, a New York that's Reagan Media, a New York multimedia company told the Atlanta urinal constitutes for a story today's newspapers. It's acquired all media rights to the life stories of Wilma and her fiance, John Mason. The company didn't say whether any money had changed hands. I'm looking forward to developing the scripted project with Wilma and Mason company President Judith Regan said this statement. There's an unexpected and compelling story of love and forgiveness that is certainly taught me a thing or two. Woo hoo hoo hoo. He's in how to make a quick buck. The 32-year-old Brian to be disappeared from her home in Atlanta, several of Duluth, April 26. Four days before her wedding in a ceremony with 600 guests and 20 attendance was scheduled. She took a bus to Vegas then to Albuquerque, Jerky New Mexico, and claimed he was abducted and sexually assaulted. She later recanted saying she fled because of unspecified personal issues. In other words, like that. He's like a funny, funny, funny, funny. Wilma has pleaded no contest earlier this month by making a false statement. It was sentenced to two years of probation in 120 hours of community service. She was also awarded a continued mental health treatment and pay the sheriff's office 2550 bucks. The Duluth spent nearly 43 grand a search for her. She has repaid so far $13,249. It's disturbing to me on a personal basis that she's willing to profit from this, but there's nothing I can do about it legally. She said when a county DA, Danny Porter, who preserves charges, presude charges against that bitch. I like that. That's enough to make you lose confidence and faith in life. That's enough to make you never want to read the freaking news again. The American freaking way. It's the American Joyce and Way, man. It's disgusting and nauseating. You go out and you do some disgusting, unacceptable, average kind of crap. You get everybody whipped up into her frenzy. You exploit the media for fun and whatever. And then you profit from it. So just like these jurors in a microjagion trial, all brother. Oh, we want to, that note. I wish I had to say that story so I could read the wording exactly again. They pass a note saying, we want to be left alone and we hope you'll respect our privacy. We did the best we could and we did our duty and yadda. And then all of a sudden, our later we see this room and all these chairs in and here they come. All of them. All of them. I really mean I want to be left alone. I don't want to be a public city. I want to be anonymous. No. I mean, what could be more anonymous than putting your face right out there on worldwide TV, huh? That's pretty freaking anonymous, right? And then all of a sudden we hear about, well, we already knew the 79 year old abroad. She's going to see right in the book. And then all of a sudden we find juror number one. He's on there. He's on my TV more than than, then, uh, then, uh, Arnold. He's on there more than jury's springer. All over the place. He's like, uh, what if I didn't call it when something like gets burn it burned in your TV, too? Remember that? Oh, right. It's still happens. Like the test pattern. He's the, when the old says back before you were born, the test pattern would get burn in. If you kept you said, I'm long time ago. Right. Get burned in your TV, too. And it was like always there in the back. And that's, that's what he was like the last two, three days. You remember one. The one that says, oh, well, I'm pretty sure he wants to blow a voice, but they didn't prove this one. And he's another one that wanted to be anonymous. And they're just all over the place. And of course, you know, and now they're saying, well, you know, some of these people might write some books and maybe a mini series and maybe a movie and a screen play, and it's set of and so on. Just, uh, man, makes you just weak. That's why I keep telling you folks, just enjoy your lives. Okay. Go to the track. Go to the casino. Plunge your guts up. Go on vacation. Go to any of those cities we had on our yesterday. Go to Geneva, New York. Go to a cataragus. So we're, go somewhere. Just have a good life. That's all because if you get, you know, it's like all the so-called. So, right stuff. Nobody cares. I said, who we these days, the Downing Street Memo, well, at least a half a minute people care enough to sign a John John Communist petition anyway. That's good. I go and John. There's a guy who cares. Remember him in, uh, for a night 9, 11, when he said, uh, Sit down, listen. They come as a surprise to you. We don't read any of these bills. And of course, they couldn't read the bills because the bills are on a big book that about 7,000 pages long in a big fat book. New York, Karen Stoke and Thomas, he's sitting over the big fat one. What? I can't say. Okay. Speaking of disturbing stories that just never end. Hopefully this will be the end, but I'm sure it won't. It's just will never end. Yesterday, we had the breakfast autopsy. Hopefully we thought the last chapter of Terry and her. That was it for guess what? No, no, no, no. Nothing's ever going to pacify these people. She could still, uh, you know, get better. They've got a long list of grievances, the shimlers. And what it's called? What? They have their life? The shimlers? Yeah. It's called. Chirlors list? No, Apollo crap. That's what I'm telling you. That's what it's called. Or to be more specific. It's called. Seven and a pack of life. That's what's called. I'm going to have to queue up. Throughout this trip, it was a rare. That the great aim. Each has ported capability.1870. Theery on the opposite side by the extra ash, I got to now be quiet. are interacted with them and tried to speak. The returny said the family plans to discuss the autopsy with other medical experts and waited in her this and may take some unspecified legal action. We knew all along that Terry was profoundly brain damaged and Shavos brother Bobby Schindler. We simply wanted to bring her home and care for her and all goes back to this quality of life. Quality of life. Well, she didn't have any but don't confuse them with that. The findy's vindicated Shavos husband and his long and vitriolic battle with his inlaws that engulfed the courts Congress and the White House had divided the country. Michael Schibel and court appointed doctors have said she had no hope or recovery. She died in age 41. The autopsy also found no evidence that Terry Shibel was strangled or otherwise abused before 7 1990 collapse. Countering allegations by the Shindler that she was abused by her husband. The head medical examiner couldn't say for certain what cost her collapsed, long thought to have been brought on by an eating disorder. George Felo said to her for Michael Schibel said the findings back up their contents in the late years and years that Terry Shibel had no hope of recovery. He said Michael Schibel plans to release autopsy photos of her shrunken brain. Mr. Shibel has received so much criticism throughout this case. I'm certain there's a part in that was pleased to hear those results and the hard science behind him Felo said. The Shindler's father sent a law in court over their daughters' statement for nearly seven years battling to the end with conservative lunatic right-wing maniacs at their side including some clansmen and people like that. The autopsy counters a widely seen videotape. The Shindler's release of Shibel and her hospice bed. The video showed Shibel appearing to turn toward her mother's voice and smile. She mowed and laughed. Her head moved up and down and she seemed to follow the progress of a brightly colored Mickey Mouse balloon. Shibel's parents said that she shows she was aware of her surroundings, but Dr. Siddharg reactions were automatic responses and not evident of thought or consciousness. In fact, the one moment, the one time when I met her degree was when she looked up at the Mickey Mouse balloon and said, I swear. And that was it. So she said, There is nothing in this office. There is nothing in her autopsy report that says that in consistent with a persistent vegetative state speaking of the brains them said Dr. Stephen J. Nelson a medical examiner was systemally neurological portion of the autopsy. The cause of death was de-hagration from removal of the feeding tube, but the underlying reason for brain damage was official listed as undetermined. The autopsy included 274 external internal body images and exhaustive review of Shibel's medical records police reports and social services agency records, but the family says, Uh-uh, that's all just a pack of my right. She had been just fine. We took her all and just like how to wrap their in a corner. She had been fine as G.I. wine, right? You bet. Take it for a walk on a leash. 11 13 a Q.A.M. 20 comes to sports. 14. The assoring. 14. Sport where you'll buy a 16. New. Yeah. That's now. One away by Jennifer Wilbank's performance, you'll view the services. As the hospital, Jennifer running at that specimen from the lab. Wow. Didn't spell a drop. Jennifer helps keep the highway clean. Jennifer, what up and down in the state nine to five and pick up all the trash. Wow. Good work. Stay tuned for more. Jennifer Wilbank's performance community service. Jennifer, could you rather get me a glass of water please? What in sweetheart? You're going to make an excellent play. Jennifer, Jennifer, Jen. It's 11 18 a Q.A. And we got some great news from Iraq. We're a marginal media. We don't have to. We got Al-Sarkarwee. Al, we got Al, we got a little bit of Omar. Osama, you're mama? No. Any of these people. Oh. But we do have Abutaha. Who? A guy. The US military today reported the capture of Amanda scrubbing his al-Qaeda's leader in the north and Iraqi city of Mosul. Air Force Brigadier, Jennifer Donald, Alston, no relation to former Dodgers manager Walter Alston identified him as Abutaha, who's actual name is Muhammad Kalaf Shakar and said it was captured on Tuesday. Abutaha. Abutaha. He's a kind of robbie shankar. Tawas, doing one of Abumus Abal's are currently most trusted operations agents in Iraq. Alston said this is a major defeat for the Al-Qaeda organization in Iraq. numerous reports in the kidney were he's suicide best 24 hours a day and stated that he would never surrender instead he gave up without a fight. You're fair. I don't like that. I'll talk no action. But bapapapapapanae when first game is short. You're fair. Worst out. Okay. No problem. Don't shoot. 567.0560. We're talking gambling today. Of course, the golf thing is God none. Josh is going to like bust my balls because the spades. Spades has got two and golf has got none. Oh, spades of flying. You'll say you're crazy. It's big. Everybody like this. Yeah. Golf doesn't have any for two reasons. Number one people who would be betting on it are after tying it and betting on it right now. And number two of the golfing. I have alienated the golfing community over the years and I'm very glad about it. I'm proud of it. Aren't you? Oh yeah. I just mean to me. It's just such an enormous waste of time. Number one. And number two, of course watching other people play golf. That's amazing. Absolutely. Oh, 515 votes on the pull. What's your favorite for my gambling? I don't gamble. I've been 21. That's 23.4% per cent. You know what I mean? The judge that means that 76.6% do gamble. Some. You know, yeah, we're not asking are you a compulsive gambler? Are you betting a mortgage? Are you a punch in your guts out? Are you up to your your lobes and dead because you were a compulsive gambler? And what the phone number for GAAA Blackjack 77 poker 54 slots 42 a good solid 8.1% see that? Sports betting 38 the lottery 35 horses 26 crafts 24. Relet 21. Cockfighting 18. Sweetwater highly of votes have yet to be counted. Russian Relet 18 16. We're lucky. We're going to let over to give you some assistance. Okay. With the fully loaded piece stock market 12 video poker six. High line has got the six dog racing five stock market four. We'll stay three. Spades two back a red two or is that fuck a rock? And remember that conversation we had last week. Oh, yeah, nothing. Somebody facts me the the rules and I just got called in several. Just go to a Vegas and go to a table and they'll explain to you how to throw it's play. Yeah, that's how I want to bet. Back a red two bridge two bingo one golf none online gaming none the big. Oh, how do you like that? I don't get it. I don't know. I'm I'm I'm a static. I feel a lot better about life in general for you but I'm just amazed at the reason one person the Saudis has gotten sucked in especially with all the internet's kind of people we got. WDQ I am hello. Hey, New York. Yo, yo. Hey, do you remember a plane dice in the bathroom? Do I remember one plane dice in the bathroom? Plane dice in the bathroom. Just this morning. Yeah. How about in the family room? There you go. Okay, I'd like to tell you. He's playing something to bats. You might think I should do with the board. It's crap. Yeah, yeah, that's what he's playing. WQ I am hello. Yeah, I'm not fucking doing this man. That was the segue to the last caller. That is a good one. I always would. WQ I am hello. Hey, New York. Okay, sir. Good. Listen, help Josh out. Stay think that it could go too far because mostly plays like guys in jail or in prison. Really? We're digging for everyone that I've ever known. That's not a jail or prison audience would be a tune in. And we have 80 votes already. Yeah, but when I'm the biggest the one thing I like to gamble about. I don't think it's either a poker now, but I call the other card games. You know, three cards is a care being said, you know, the goal for it. And the ice that the week out there and I see those card tables. I mean, I guess there's sort of a sort of kind of poker, but they aren't really poker, you know, because they got their own table too, you know. Yeah. That's way beyond me, man. I gave up cards as a little child. You know, I mean, the connectors. That was it. I just thought that might be something different than poker, you know. We got to lump it all in together. Otherwise, we'll have like 75 different forms of poker. Okay, I really like you, Belly. I have no idea what he said. You never played. No, I didn't understand what he said. I told Josh to protect us. Hold them on there. He did not. I'm probably good idea. Don't put it on there. I know. Oh, there's 101 different poker. Yeah, right. Poker's poker. Okay. We don't give it a cranny. You know, that would be like that would be like saying slots. You'd like we'll afford to like flaming sevens like a, you know, which one you want to play? I stay away from those flaming sevens, but the flaming eights now. That is an interesting thing. And I realize it's very boring to people who don't play the slots. But what, you know, I mean, what is it that attracts people to different, you know, to different things, because I noticed that the same people always play the same games, including me. I won't only play Wheel of Fortune. Once in a while, I'll play that Mega Bucks in order to have the multi-million dollar jackpots. Okay, which is a sucker bet, I guess. A couple of times I've done pretty good on it. One, one, a few bucks, not Mega Bucks, but a few bucks. But you see what I'm saying? What is it that attracts people to like certain looms in the casino? The look of it the colors. Right. I mean, that's how I make them. Yeah, the sound. Wheel. Right. Oh, torture. That kind of sound. That mesmerizing sound. And of course, and if you're smart, as soon as that music starts, you slam the button and make sure it stops right away. You know, the music I'm talking about? Right. The wheel of fortune music. Yeah, you heard that. Yeah, right. You slam that button and just shut it off right away. I don't want to hear that. You may be X. Tell me the QAM. Hello. Close my time movie. I get that. If you're on the pole, okay, if you're fine, I'm glad to record seven times just to be saved. How many QAM? Not there on one. That one needs some serious health. How many QAM? Hello. Hey, I'm Kaneel. What about the game, Eucor? You know this? Eucor. Eucor. Eucor. You could be very cool game. Yeah. What is Eucor? It's like a bob Eucor. That's like space. And for using all the suits. How do you spell it? Eucor E. It's like a Midwestern game. Little R. E. People down here know about it. Oh yeah, Eucor. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. My project. People who play other calls. You Eucor on your right away. What do you say? People who play it are called Eucorists. Are they really? No. I thought they were called crazy voluginists. Anyway, a blackjack is winning. I mean, I don't get those winning, but that's like, you know, that's just a cop. If you don't get a little, okay, we're not trying to like talk into it. Although that online gaming stuff is really a good way to lose your ass. Still has no votes. Golf has none in online gaming have gotten on. You believe that. It is vast audience of ours. It's the dog age of the summer. And most of our people with a half a brain or $10 a rotted town, but nevertheless, golf and online gambling have got the big none. Maybe we have it like, I don't give out some websites where people can lose all their money today. Or do you call things like $40? I think it's personal. I don't know. I don't know what you're saying. I think it's a set of things. What's pretty good for you? She way to you. There's no blood pressure on her air lotion. Have you had an oxygen? B py alpha Poop painting We Four Cry the consequences Another life was like he's married pennacol with all the trainers songs and had slap. But he gave me now And he got a teacher score and he's always crying Take the limits when he falls I'm 132 and 560. Look at that, they got the old Q and his nose though, that Edgarway Killing guy, and which will put Alphay Mince of 50. So I just went online just out of curiosity and I looked up Euchar. Now I'm not going to give the website up because I don't want to be in any way shape or form. Be responsible for anybody out there losing their ass and then blaming me. Oh gee, you gave that website out. We lost our act. Or we went a lot of money, we never heard collect. Whatever. I am not involved. But I looked at it and right away, here's a free Euchar download. Okay. Euchar by Euchar, Jack's rule in this fantastic partnership card game with you play online around your own. You'll have more fun that you can shake your frozen cano man. Forged in the furnace of lore, a hardwood Euchar blends classic card game play and storybook appeal together and won finally polished game. This is hardwood Euchar, as opposed to, I don't know, softwood Euchar. Yeah. Express yourself in the online multiplayer environment with character customization features magical effects like light lightning, skull with a euchar. It's been fireballs. Send a blazing fireball to your partner when you get an H2. There's a lot of fun you just can't have playing at a table in your life. Oh, there you go. I don't see it. I just, but the good news is that the only one that are a pull so far that's got the big O is online gaming and I don't want to encourage it. It's bad. Really bad. You'll go to hell. 569 votes. What's your favorite form of gambling? I don't gamble 134, 239%. Like Jackie 83, poker 58, slots 47, sports betting 42, the lotto 38. What a fine bet. Your chance is one and a trillion and if you do win, we'll pay it in about 100 years. Crap 27, 7 horses 27, we're led 21, cockfighting 19, Russian we're led 18. Oh, get busy. Stockmarket 14, dog racing 8, video poker 7, real estate 6, high-ly 6, stockmarket 4, golf 2, golf finally got up there with spades anyway. A back-or-ad 2, bridge 2, Yukur is got one already, bingo 1 and online gaming's got Brock saw the big boat. Nothing. That amazing. And that's shock you. I saw all those websites in there and I thought boy, there must be a lot of people out there. We didn't get in the sucked in this. I guess Frank is the only one and he hasn't voted on me yet because he's the busy trying to collect. When you think he would have sent us like a follow up fast to that, I'm a little bit disturbed about that thing and I'm going to break. Come on, Frank, you're with it. Business about every time I win because you know, hasn't excuse one up to pay me. What's that all about? Pretty sure I am, hello. I'm a big uncle. I'm getting me already doing. Yes sir, hi, don't. Yeah, I just heard you're going to talk earlier about the sloth. I'm the biggest every year. I just got back about a week ago and I'll tell you something. That we answered that wheel, it makes me excited. We went like three or four, they were just seen as I just can't believe they got the prices right now out there. They got ready to make us, let's make a deal, get ready. Now they're all still getting through all the little projects to be shown. I dream of a game. You couldn't get all that machine. If pretty ever gets kicked. I mean, a nickel slot, I do a gaming. But you know, people so don't think that people don't think that's a nickel slot, right? It's a bit expensive. Yeah. People like you can't afford a real phone unless the loss you have to make is coming back at a real phone because I'm really anxious to hear what you have to say around. Well, he had a bad phone. He lost his hands out there. You know how that goes. He's probably got two tomato soup cans, two Campbell soup cans and a tin wirestorm you have there. And then he doesn't want to blow off. Why? Who's saying he doesn't like to play the floss? That's not what he was saying. What I was not, he was not going to allow these stupid ass games. That's what he was saying. How do you know, see you're just like you're putting words in his mouth. Okay. That's not the way to go. Stay away from the phone. Go alone on your cell phone. Let him call them and speak for himself. Don't be trying to put words around. He's also not finding young man's mouth or old man or whatever he was. I couldn't tell it. I could go hear it there. Right. Then he can't hear it. Man. That's true. They got a slot machine now after every damn show. And of course, that's their challenge. They keep coming up with new and more interesting things to get people hooked on that stuff. That's what it's all about. And then you go in there and you pick your poison. And like I said, I see the same people playing the flaming. Sevens the same. Play the flaming. Sevens the same group of us who play Wheel of Fortune. I mean, we got like a little fraternity there. It's I see this, you'd be amazed. And some of these people who I know lose their ass on a very regular basis. Now, wondering myself, how can I slept or like that be showing up here all the time? And it probably thinking the same about me, you know. Maybe it's smart. We look at a little fart like him. But you're coming here all the time. Maybe that's why they're these lovers. Oh, Mr. Pension was there the other day. Oh, yeah. The other day. He's got a new horror story. I said, well, good. I just wanted to hear about it. Okay. The guy that shows up doesn't gamble anymore. And I might be once in a while. He pretends he doesn't. But he doesn't. He just hangs around and gives people advice and sits next to it. And he just holds seats for people. You know, you want to go take a leak and he's there. It's always a good woman. He just saved my seat. He's a sea warm. Yeah. That's a very, very strange. And I think you weigh in. And not there on five. Okay, our calls are running low. That's good. Because I like I totally have got a very heavy pile. In fact, I got out the prep for extra strength. 560, 505, 60 pound, 560, the Verizon singer to write a sign. I was hoping I could call back. Because I think he might have had a point. I'm reading that sure what it was. Maybe he doesn't know either. That's a very cute way in, hello. Yeah, I don't know. Yes, sir. Hey, nearly. What's up? I got one for your pole, buddy. Another one? Yeah. Most of them on there. For me, you rely to heavily on luck and chance. But a bill here is one of my favorite forms of gambling. Okay. All right. Okay, thank you, sir. You guys spend all this time in your old pool hall. Bill here. Right. Should have passed. I don't know. They're making sense to me. People that I'm very good. Some people who are good box-on, Bill here. And just about every movie, you'll see at least one scene around the old pool hall, man. Right? Everybody's got to see him like that. All this. They got that chalk there. Doing the chalk thing. I played the, Bill here once upon a time, a little bit. I was in three bowling leagues. At least I had exercise anyway. That was the whole week. That was a matter of fact. And I was really bad at that moment. Well, that's there you go. WCWM, hello. Yeah, I know what I'm calling about the R. The Volk. Yes, Carlos, I'm a mobile, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just calling the save of the R. I was thinking at the reason the online gaming probably has zero. It's because a lot of people would they do online and they would be able to call the R. The Volk. Yes, Carlos, I'm a mobile, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was just calling the save of the R. I was thinking at the reason the online gaming probably has zero. It's because a lot of people would they do online as you see the, the Volk or the sports betting. And I think that they probably call that for that. I see. Son of a, they didn't want to duplicate. Yeah, I think so. I think there's a lot of them that you talk to. They don't even go to the catheters, but they play a program line or they do the sports betting online. And I actually tried a little bit and we moved the program on my computer. Yeah, well, yeah, exactly. Wouldn't you be nervous about collecting a number one anything? I actually, on the sports betting, I did win a little bit and they did pay. It did pay. It took like two weeks to set me a, uh, a little bit. I felt like wire transfer check, but it didn't pay, but the on the poker. He lose what he quickly and. And you better get out. Amen. Good move. Well, thanks. All right. He removed the program right away. That was an excellent move. Okay, don't take a chance. Okay. Don't take no chance. Would I money come out of your pants? Believe you me. Just went and doubt. Don't check that out. Stay on the. If you know something, I just heard there is no such thing as online gaming. That's right. It's never heard of it. There is no such thing. In fact, I don't think there's any such thing as the internet. I think I'll gorgeous. Made it up. The water. WQA and hello. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh, yeah. Really. No. Russian will let experts. Gilbert. No cloud lines. You hit them already. Feldman. I was going to go. What come to it? You're a good job. Gilbert. I'm not a one. What's under two. I'm pretty. You're a five. You're a. Are you among the millions suffering from tension stress? Or occasional boredom? Well, now there's help with weed from board twenty pharmaceuticals. Ask your doctor if weed is right for you. Possible side effects of weed in two. Coffee, we've gotten about seven. First, high-eyed, skigglin, rambling, hunger pegs. A deeper appreciation of cartoon, 20s playing for us. And downloading fish concepts from 1997. Realization is in the bag. With weed. It's on 45. 560WQM. We got Moa 2. We got mad dog at Bruce Ruman. Pump it over for. Yolty is seven o'clock tonight. And the kids. No, Marlon's game today. I was right there on the way to the west coast. I go to the L.A. Angels of the Hanaham of Orange County. What is that all about? I mean, talk about stupid. Couldn't be an Ohio. Angels that wasn't good enough. And then the L.A. Angels. That wasn't good enough. So not the L.A. Angels of Hanaham. Oh, L.A. Give me a break. As opposed to L.A.D. Do not. Whatever you do. Go to online slots. Do not do a search on that. Do not look at it. Do not. Erick for me a long time. About websites. Yeah. And he's right. He's got an excellent point. As you can look at a website. It can look like the most really beautiful. Very legitimate authentic. You know what I'm saying? And it means nothing. Anybody can do that. That's right. Any con artist. Any fake. Any child. Can put together a really fancy. Mancy authentic. Look in a. Thirtative. Look in the website. You know, it's a very. Very. Very complicated. Not authentic. And fancy and colorful. And that doesn't mean that you're going to get paid. That isn't some. Shirelox it in behind the. Computer somewhere. Right. Right. So no. Look at that because my goodness. There's just 80. Zinn in those on there. So thank goodness. We've all got two people so far in this audience. Let's see. Two. The same people who play spades. Gamble on spades. Gamble online and back. And the bridge. Miss. And Mo Norm. Can I answer that question? OK. Didn't you? He didn't. Find the image. Where your king really was lying? About what could you think. But what could you think. About what could I think. Warna's appears that they might be breaking a law. Oh my god. During a January 2003 meeting involving Tophead and God Lawyer, where to hand another officials, the memo shows that more a warne that use of coercive techniques as military, legal and political implications, as international implications and explosives as to liability and criminal prosecution. Oh my god. More as deep concerns about interrogations that get more of the know, but it is not his warning that Tophead officials could go to prison. You're going down. In another meeting held March 8, 2003, the group of Tophead and God Lawyer concluded, according to the memo, we need a presidential letter approving the use of the controversial interrogation to cover those who have also maybe called upon to use them, no such letter was ever issued. Yesterday, the White House insisted that the tactics used to get them all are now and have been legal. All interrogation techniques that have been approved are lawful and consistent with our obligations, and said, White House press secretary Scott McCullan, whose famous of course for always pertinent out to the media. A pack of light. Another internal memo obtained by ABC News, a Navy South College is observing the interrogation and warned that the tactics used against Mohamed Al-Katani dubbed the 20th hijacker, revealed the tendency to become increasingly more aggressive without having a definite boundary. Secretary-istate Hermann Kering Rumsfeld said Tuesday that interrogating Al-Katani had produced results. Katani and other detainees have provided valuable information, including insights into well-cut planning for 9-11, including recruiting and logistics he said during a phoning news conference. Human rights lawyer say more was right to raise objections to what his appears were doing. It is clear that individuals of engagement, engaging abusive treatment of this nature, may be criminally liable for the Conitone Gagian said Deborah Pearlstein, directed the U.S. Law and Security Program at Human Rights First. So if I were one of the troops who was being asked to conduct interrogations using those techniques, I would certainly want to ask my lawyer whether you thought this was legal, should you say it? How do you like that? First, why do you attorneys out there and get about all you soldiers? You better get your unit attorney. And all you attorneys out there, are you ambulance cases? There's a whole new field for you right there, right? Get more money, get more rides and stuff. You have to count on a hop on a plane and fly to Cuba right away. Get over to get more. Or just get that guy for a lot of it. It'll crank up that DC3 again. You see the people in the hood are saying that they've been complaining about that plane law before a crash that was like overloaded all the time and re-auffin and puffin and truck and making enormous amounts of noise in the hood every time it took off. And they were like, all we've already, real whipped up into a frenzy for that crash. I just mentioned that. I mean, we're glad everybody still alive, but nevertheless, who's an accident? Nobody got hurt. There you go. What's your favorite form of gambling? I don't gamble 148 black check 87 poker 64, slots 52, sports betting 48, the lottery 41, crafts 32, horses have got, but third man, roulette 23, Russian roulette 21, keep going, y'all, but keep changing. You know, I was just thinking, the interesting thing about that, Miss Finn, is this. And that is that we do the screenless on here. He can get on any time he wants and does. And if he really had anything to say, I thought I was saying it, but the bottom line is, you don't have anything to say, wacko, not to say. So we can go all better shape about year to one, that doesn't want to momma momma on or I'm Hitler or whatever. But the fact that it is, that's all you do. You used to be the effort. He's really a step up and not sure too from her. But now he's like, hey, hey, and that's it. That's even, even Prozac Ron has got more material than you got. Right? The different line every time. That's right. We're almost starting to like him a little bit. Although he should not stop. But luckily, no. One thing we're writing in 19, stock market 16, video poker rate, drag rate. What is it dog racing? Eight. Drag racing to be good. Real Estate 7, Highlight 6, stock market 5, golf 4, spades 3. I smoothed their drives. You're all left to three. Online gameings got a pair. Well, let me give you a great website. Back a rat to bridge to Euchar 1, Bingo 1, and bidards just went on there. It's so far got to day. Oh, pool. Top of the old pool. WQA is real. Yes, sir. Did you hear about a story about the place? I think it's called the Southern Poverty Law Term Law Center. Law Center? Law Center? No. They haven't ever known the Southern Poverty Law Center. But what about them? OK, I heard something on their American sport. And that they made this issue to statement or something calling all these American families and family that labeling them as hate groups. Right. Which makes a lot of sense. Like, put a lot of time. I hope you're still focused on a family and all these other right. We've got these groups. That's right. I just wanted to turn anything about that or have any more information. Nobody I'll lend a dot check it out. All right. Thanks, Pally. I don't get it. What do you need? Doesn't the ambulance. What do you want to say? I thought he was done and they said, I don't gamble. They're good. Gamma is for suckers like me, angers, angers, angers, and anybody else. Right. Anybody know, anybody know? Nobody. Nobody. Don't gamble. Now, what you said? But I'd say, well, why is that? Are they cheap? Are they like, four? It says there's a do anything for them. Well, why not? It's like, you know, there are games that exist. I said, I mean, Amsterdam when he was offered me to the Coke and I said, not any. Why not? There's a world of games like Monopoly. You mentioned that this morning and everything. Oh, well, what kind of people play Monopoly? Children play Monopoly. Okay. There's else. Here's the point. Some games are fun for some people and others are not. And gambling is not fun for you. I know some games that are fun. Like what? You can't say. Gay. Ha ha ha ha. I mean, I only gamble when I'm in Vegas, really. You're a full of crap. You go over to the Indian's all the time. That's right. You don't, you won't go to gambling. You're just going to get leads for money. Go to pick up chicks. Go to the bar, hangs up. Let's go chicks. Vegas, what's the time anyway? What is it? I don't play Blackjack for like a couple hours. Hey, I would say that most of us who go to Vegas, we don't spend most of our time gambling. If you're going to do that, you're right. I don't know about that. People who gamble the whole time they're in Vegas, they want to play the owning Mahoney guy there. Like, we'll see more often. The Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Challenge Time, which yesterday they have to find legal rights of terrorism, detainees and goodmowe, be known in what he called a crazy quilt system. Pentagon and law enforcement officials defend the current practices at the U.S. Military Prison Cannes. I've got, maybe that it's too hot to handle for Congress. Maybe that it's too complex to handle for Congress, or maybe that Congress wants to sit back as we customarily do. So, an Arlon Magic Bullets Spectre Republican, Pennsylvania, and he said as his pedal to testimony on practice in policies at Gitmo. But in any way, Congress has an activity said, the hearing came against a backdrop of going reports of U.S. abuse, Senator Patrick Lehi, a Vermont, the senior Democrat on the committee, called the prison and international investment to our nation, to our ideals, and remains a festering threat to our security. And of course he is, and they can't even go to a choice himself again. Remember that? Yeah, he did. That good, for and again, Christian, Dick Cheney, or Mormon, what is that? He's from Uh-huh, right at the raised from my home. I keep it in front of me. I know that. He's not from, he's from Wyoming. That's even worse. Yeah, it is. Speaking of even worse, and right wing fanatics, and board again, fundamentalist, way to hear this. I mean, it's not surprising, but it says very disturbing. In those groups that this other caller was talking about, too, calls back. They're all in here. Leaders of conservative Christian organizations plan a jointly interview with Republican contenders for the 2008 presidential nomination. Perhaps even endorsing more of them, steps that could expand. They're already considerable and scary political influence. We'd like to try to stay together, Tony Perkins, present the Uxious Family Research Council, said that they breakfast with the court as yesterday. The Adhok group includes free thinkers and strong personalities, he says, but they might unite behind a candidate who unquestionably best represented their views and priorities. God, if we could only bring Hitler back now. Gary Vauer, present of American values, said in the interview that the sit down sessions likely to begin after the 2006 midterm elections, would be a very effective way to nail down where people are on cultural issues, you know, like Fags, abortions, abortions, and Fags. He said candidates have become very anti-corrosive stem cell researchers. He said candidates have become very astounded answering written questionnaires and ways that avoid making firm commitments. Those of the plan to participate include leading figures of the Christian right. James Dawson of Hocus, Pocus focused on the family, Paul Warrick of the Free Congress Foundation, the Reverend Donald Wildman of the American Family Association, Perkins and Bower. Others would also join them, and we're not talking about Hank or Johnny Bower. We're not even talking about Papa Bower, or Bird Bower. Their groups would represent millions of social conservatives that have taken lead in lobbying to restrict abortion, band same-sex marriage, and confirm conservative, right-wing, fundamentalist, phonetical, fringe judges. Their top priority perkins said is winning confirmation conservative Supreme Court Justice. Evangelical Christians who overwhelmingly backed El Presidente in 2004 already had an influential constituency to Republican Party, Noshmett. Co-ordinated action could increase that influence, especially in the accredited GOP primary field. It wouldn't have an impact with Republican strategist, Charles, I'm not black-sett. But being seen as the candidate of a Christian right would be a very, very mixed blessing in the general election, says Stuart Rothenberg of the nonpartisan Rothenberg political report, a kindergarten model stamp is the candidate of labor in the 84 campaign. That would really pigeonholle a candidate, Rothenberg said. Perkins, both favorably of one likely Republican presidential contender, Senate majority leader Bill Fist of Tennessee, and dismissal be of another Arizona Senator John McCain who certainly not far-bist enough for them. He criticized the bipartisan committee, a compromise, then McCain and 13 other senators read flash months were over to showdown on judicial filibusters. Perkins said those who joined were so-called the so-called gang of 14 risk political repercussions. The family research counsel on citizens for community values ran 80 or ads in a radio ads in Ohio attacking Senator Mike DeWine for joining the accord. Perkins said back-life to the Biden's involvement was a factor in the defeat of a son patent of a Republican primary Tuesday to choose a candidate for open house seat in Ohio. The far-bist in the going are coming. What a time to split. We have so-called financial sanctions. The question is the 12-to-one hour on QATM. American girls. In American guys who only listen to the message from the Uber brought will have their tables all climb. As a troops of whom need, they find the comfort of the night, I'm under the bed. I never served in Armit, I'm to a plate of fat, so I sit right here near the TV far-bremel of a roll-knife under their covers. You'll discover how much takes this year. They would prepare to add some mother to the potting for three. Now this country I love is occupied in Iraq and all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. Emotion, big brown eye. The pig mouth tower of the world who gladly follows blind. Back to the apple sham up to a parade. To follow in this, but you can count on me to watch the Indian shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the pack of my truck. Knocked in any auto-cutopakery auto-kill, and the stop-out side to him. And my view will come through my foot is what I see on Foxy. Blue, yeah, man, aren't there a warrior. Soon those feathers and you, I can do it. I'm an in-bred jerk who tarots anything they say. Don't have a reader assert it's so much easier this way. To watch TV or look at pictures. In USA today with my money to stop a type of experience. As I jiggle my brain, I'll go down to a parade. To paddle and lift, But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And I'll go to my flag. So I can pull on my foot. Long as I do, brown eye show the swaths that could tattoo on my foot. That's not right. The saw days are our best friends in the world. Not those I racked or cheered. Only, yeah, I'm an armchair or a warrior. Oh, drags. No, no, no, no. What's the time? I thought the saws were just on. You see? You probably see a line. I thought the saws were just on your feet. I thought the saws were just on your feet. Couple of five, five, 60 WQAM. Here's a facts from, Ephraim and Ephraim. Ephraim's zibilis junior in Baton Rouge. Ephraim's getting a little chronic, you know? Yeah, he's all right. But he's got to know. He didn't see. He's got some good information. It says it's finally out in the open. We finally have our answer. He's to win. And he graces the bitch to your. She hates men and thinks they're all pieces of crap. The article was too long to send. But the web address to it is below. And he's got a link here. She's written a book and CNN has an excerpt from it on the website. Of course. Of the excerpt is all about how she was mistreated by men in the workplace. What in doubt check it out? Thanks Ephraim. Zimbilis senior in junior. And there's a Christian almond poor with that smoth on her head because she's in a ran. Now, they could just as easily be photographed in your like inside the studio somewhere inside of a building. I feel like fun. Yeah, just like me, regular. But no, she's got to be out there in the street with a schmoth on her head. You don't know how to do a new show, Mr. Oh, I see. Well, that's good because I'm on the right station for that. Fine. News. You mean there's a, well, what happened? As a reward. Come on. The next quarterback from my face. You go crazy again. And he'd like to start barking like a dog or me. I want you like a cat. Nobody. He's still gone. He is still gone. That's what I hear. He's got my self. And then you turn out to be a board again Christian. Why is that always happening? Of course that means you got to go to the morning. That's a long time ago. I remember Casey Weldon. Yes. You do. That's good. How about Wanky? What's your favorite for? I'm not going to be the poor result. That was I'm tired of it. We got those. We got 20% of this audience don't gamble and we salute them. Okay. It's hard to make that money. Don't just give it away. Okay. A fool of his money are soon farted. Don't ever forget that. But I mean, if you just want to go for a little bit of recreation and tend to few thousand that around with that, right? Right. And then what Josh says, so you're not going to make this again. That's good. That's a good thing because if you did go out through you'd be tempted. You'd be plunging you'd be a, you know, because of my bad influence. You'd probably take a couple hundred and sit down there at the wheel of fortune and put it in there. And maybe hit like 3000 lines. You know, this is really good. Yeah. Probably looks at the black and that would be really bad. Unless you just quit right there. I know people like that who just. In fact, what you tell me about somebody? It just doesn't know how to quit. No, no. Somebody got lucky. Once they just walked away, and they never made another bed. Maybe the camp driver was telling me about that. Just woke away. Yeah. Who hit the 10 geez? That was right. One pull. One pull? That was good. What was he pulling? Deliver. I see. Are you serious? One pull. One 10 grand? 10 grand. Oh, I can't stand that. I mean, it's one thing to be lucky. That's disgusting. That is, yeah. Can't get dozing. So maybe whatever machine he hit it on, the person that was planned before was still around, you know, and maybe plunged their guts out through it. And he pulled all kinds of money and it is lost, and it's their way to see your friend come up and put in the problem. That's how it goes. Oh, my friend said that's a good machine. That was half of us. Two different times at the $5 wheeler force. And I have moved from one machine to another and had somebody sit down right next to me within like 60 seconds. Get a spin for five grand. Right next to me. How do you like that? I don't get up. I don't. Five six out of five 60. If it looked, it just happens. Case across a ride. You know, you can't second guess yourself. Just keep me all onward and upward and forward and downward. Black Jack seems to be the winner. And why not? Because it's easy to play. See you to the stand. I always had to feed the note was fixed. Well, I always did. I always did. I think it's better to be like that. I can think of it. I just always had to feed the note was rigged. I just, I don't know. Every time you start getting really hot and went in handy after you know, and they changed the dealer and it, a lot comes to somebody with like a Mark Decker or something. I don't know what it is. WQAM. Hello. This is my philosophy of strategy on flot machines. You play at the Indians for about three weeks. You have absolutely no chance of winning because they take out 50%. Okay. Good. Five six out of no five 60 pound five 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless lines. We knew I guess it's during the lunch hour. Maybe that's when these people were the same yesterday. Yeah. Well, when the people across the street, they might have nothing else to do. Maybe we could get some food. The food sent over there for them. So they could eat. Could afford to eat. And suppose to be calling us. That'd be a good idea. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Well, that sounds as silent. That's about the nicest sound. I've heard it a very long time in it. I mean, completely blind. Mm. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yeah. WQAM. So they can eat. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. You're absolutely right about the one arm man that's, I did the same thing on the yacht on the cruise ship. One woman with planes. You're the only one playing the one arm band that she got up and left. I went down sat down. Quarter. I was. I'm right. Nice gone. She went to the park. Can't really. Oh, she went to the manager. You're lucky. You're lucky. She's a boy. You're a friend. I split it with her. Yeah. Right. Oh, listen. There are people around. Because he knows by the way, who will pull that crap. Oh, yeah. There are all kinds of stuff that goes on. You want my machine. Okay. And then like a standard 50 minutes. You want like two or three grand. Okay. Well, how about 6,700? 6,700. You're a little bit less split something. Yeah. You're a brain. If you had one. You're mama. That's what I have for you. Your mom and I'll get lost. Get out of here. I didn't drag you out of the chair. You lose your piece of crap. You. WKOM. Hello. Any welcome. Yes. Watching the show intervention. People different. Yeah. David conclusion that gambling is the worst. Right. Only because like a few. An alcoholic or a crackhead or whatever. At least you're taking something physically into your body that you're addicted to. You can move that. You can get over it. But gambling. These degener gamblers will sit there and even if they win, they'll stay till they lose other money. It's that's why. Yeah. So now that it's all right. Well, it's like the guy in Oni Mahoney in that movie, which was a true story. He won a $1.9 million. He was 10 million in debt. He won 9 million on a really how wild night. And he lost every time of his back. Oh, it's the worst. And then on the show intervention. Did the gamblers were the only ones that didn't want help or if they did. They leave treatment after 5, 6 days. You're on the same ride. It's like it in the same movie. He keeps saying, why don't have a gambling problem. I have a financial problem. Yeah. It's just ridiculous. So in other words, he didn't have it. He just didn't have enough money to keep perpetuating his habit. I just always consider it the worst advice. I'm glad I don't gamble. But you know something. And you maybe inspired me to go out to wood by today. Thanks a lot, Fanny. Take it easy. I'm gamble for you. How's that? All right. I don't look at it as advice. It's like anything else. I mean, drinking isn't a vice unless you overdo it. And raising a vice unless you overdo it. That's what you have to do. That's not a vice unless you overdo it. Unless you're obsessed with it. And you said they're picking seeds out of your weed. Not of your wherever all day. It's like anything else in moderation. I squeeze the vice unless you overdo it. Correct. Correct. That's right. But like when you're eating two, three pints, four, eight years a day for quite a while. Diabetic it over 60. I disagree with what you said too because the things that you do with heroin and Coke and stuff, it's physically the ability to destroy your body. I mean, just take a look at David Crossby if you can stand it. Right. But, huh? And gambling if you can afford it, then you know, big no, but even if you can't afford it, at least you're still at least still. You have to tell me. Now, maybe emotionally you're a basketball case, but physically at least you still got your health. Right. It's true. So let's all get online. And let's plunge our guts out. Not. Don't ever do it. Okay. Don't ever point your figure of me say, Neorodges is what it is. I'm not ever got in fact the internet does not exist. There are no online gaming places and do not look up slot machines online. Because they all look very glitzzy and fancy and even play like any way in games and you'll never see your money. And we had one person in here that caught at the one guy he said in a couple of weeks. He got his money from that one online thing. Right. A couple of weeks. Maybe they got lucky and decided to pay a few people off. Make it look good. 12 13. If in fact, you know, something I think we just came up with a great idea. Let's just like how a burden does with those offshore phony offices. Let's open up a place like in a rouba and pretend we're going to have to investigate. That sounds great. They're really crying down there. Right. All of they do have gambling. And we can have our own offshore online gambling in a situation. Wait, I think make millions the first day and never be seen again. I'll be the point there. Give me the money. If you haven't called dial a mattress yet, I can't imagine what you're waiting for because if you need a new mattress, there are several ways to get it. Only one tells you what to do. So I've been doing it for years and so is everybody else a queueing. And that is picking up the phone and making that one easy call to dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress because they guarantee you the best satisfaction you ever had when buy a mattress. They're ranked number one in the world in overall customer satisfaction. They give you a same day delivery all across South Florida, even April's and Ford Myers. They let you choose the date and time for liver in a tour. One of those convenient for you and they save you hundreds and Ziggins of dollars on the same great brands and model you see in shortrooms for lots lots more. And here's the deal. You can pick whatever kind you like. They got see me in service. Simmons King Coral. Students in foster who would all the top names and their everyday low prices in the stock. Make your shopping a breeze with just at one easy call. And when you do call one eight hundred mattress, we talk to the next for betting consultant for reading those your stuff, their stuff and your stuff and they'll poke up with exactly the kind of mattress you want because they don't sell like a shoe leather. They don't sell all kinds of other crap. They only sell betting and they know their stuff. Almost everybody here at QM is thinking like a baby on a mattress and dial a mattress and you ought to be doing the same. Column right now, toll free 1-800 mattress or check them on thewebadmactris.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last is because it's since for savings and a great night's sleep. What it comes to sports. We are the story. Sports when you're by 60. We get. We're the use you pay. We're the back of it. The medical report for us, let's tell doctors what kind of care you need and now the new insurance alert bracelet tells them what kind of care you can afford. He's going into cardiac arrest doctor. 1-0-Grammuk, Evan Evern. Stop. Wait, his insurance alert bracelet says his policy laps and we can't pay. Oh, thanks God, we caught it in time. Switch him to 1-0-Grammuk, colored water. When every second counts, the insurance alert bracelet helps doctors make tough decisions fast. Doctors, we've got five people critically injured in that interstate pile up. Check the insurance alert bracelet. Right, this one says insurance. Trauma R1. This one's not Medicaid. He's making weight malavi. He's got a happy copay. A floating dock. What's this one? UDNR. Uninsured. Do not resuscitate. Right, dumpster. The insurance alert bracelet. Because it's a matter of light and depth and money. It's 12-19. I just looked at the near post that Hank was talking about the Clinton thing. Yeah. Let me just double check it. It's a print now right now. Here comes. Bill Clinton could soon be battling his old name, his Russian Limbaugh for arrest of premises is the aspirated reportly considers hosting his own radio show. All right. Quentin Clinton's old Hollywood pal, director Harry Thomas and the former president is talking with Radio giant queer channel about starting a new show. There's definitely a place for Clinton on radio at some point, Thomas, until it will finish week in the June 20 edition. A spokesperson for Texas based chief channel would only say that the company was talking with a number of high profile people and refuse to come in on a possible Clinton deal. Clinton's or Fisk and UPD, the weeks for comment. Through some of those from the radio network that's syndicates Limbaugh, the network could generate serious fireworks by scheduling both shows back to back industry watchers believe. Clinton has some honor of experience. Last week at the town hall style show to coincide with publication of his book. And that's him. That's true. How do you like that? Let me help you on nine to no one in the rest of the three. I'm just right off the map. Now. You don't have all these bits? Oh, that's true. Prosecutors speak in a rush. Prosecutors seek proof of drug abuse in Limbaugh's medical records. Can you believe that? Why don't they lead poor off, pill pop and hypocrite on Russia long liberal conspiracy? Tom Beach County Prosecutors told a judge yesterday they want to see all of our Rosh Limbaugh's seize medical records to determine what we engage in a long term pattern of criminal prescription drug abuse. For the first time, prosecutors said the records could provide a crucial link between allegations by Limbaugh's former housekeeper Wilma and leader allegations that Limbaugh engaged in doctors shopping for prescriptions. The former housekeeper Wilma Klein and her husband David Tom and S. Davis. They sold them by large quantities of prescription drugs bought on the street for many years to go to the search for its use to seize medical records. Oh, you know what's going to be out today? It's Thursday. The new National Enquirer. Oh, good. I better pop over right after the show and grab a hold of that because I want to see what they're going to be saying because they would like I've told you with the first ones. We had that story about that. Jesus, do Son here long before this late as trial. Jesus Christ. They had all kinds of stories about Michael Jackson, the Hanky Panky with those kids, and it would be real interesting to see what the inquire has to say. Assistants that attorney James Marks told Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Thomas Markdall that the records could show that the conservative radio hosting engaged in doctor's shopping, secretly obtaining overlapping prescriptions from different doctors in one month after the Klein stopped selling to them. There was a definitive start to the prescription medications that definitive start may welcome inside with the clients withdrawing their willingness to do business with Mr. Limbaugh, Marks said. More than a year and a half after prosecutors see records from four Limbaugh's doctors in late 2003. They are still waiting to review them. Limbaugh's high profile attorney, where Black is waging an intense legal battle to keep the records secret. Barkdale will soon rule on which records if any prosecutors can review. Black sought to have the war enshrooled invalid by Barkdale, the judge who approved them in the first place. Black contends that investigators misled the judge in the rapid avid outlining the allegations to support the war's. Barkdale rejected the argument for Black and raise it again. Mark said the prosecutors want all the records regardless of the time that they cover. In this case, the investigators didn't know whether the things that were shown to you in the affid able were the some total violations. What they didn't know is that they showed a pattern of violating the law. The law should be popping him. Who's been on the air for years? One in a finger with all the drug he's out there. They should all be on desk row. They should all be eliminated and exterminated all of these things got yada yada yada yada yada. How do you like that? Can you hear me? Russia's you're hearing still bad from all those oxies. What a joke. All there is a John Bolton on there. They recently passed on Bolton which is good. There's the Rubabitch. A judge is expected to rule on whether defense attorneys, the two suspects and naturally all the ways disappearance can have access to documents in the case. Have you noticed that strange accent there? Yeah. They're having kind of bread accent. This is the scene in international scandal. This scene in his pool again. This must be a time where there's that she a much's name for this is the scene in international. And they're sticking on domestic now for an hour or two or we'll be there. Who are you people kidnapped seeing? Pretty soon we see an a theory by do. That sounds like they got about 400 pounds of elephant dropping in his mouth. That's close. Everybody do. It's all my god. What an infamy of this is. Can you believe that? That was kind of cute. Nits pathetic. CNN international my ass. Jackson lawyer may sue this attorney. I promise this is the last story we'll have on this until the next one. The defense attorney who won Michael Jackson has agreed to be considering suing the Santa Barbara District attorney for malicious prosecution. I mean you think they want to open up that can't work. Yeah, come on. That's such a good idea. Bring it. Thomas Mesero Jr. also said to be demanding that the defeated prosecutor Tom. Mad Dog SNEDEN. No, not him. Oh, right. Give back the photographs taken a Mr. Jackson's genitals during a 1992 investigation into a abuse claim. The case for a report of $20 million. Mr. Jackson said the photo was taken by detectives who won the most humiliating expenses of his life. His legal team is believed to fear that Mr. Stead may leak the images to the public and revenge for losing their case. Well, who want to see that? Oh, my. Especially right in the middle of one time. The photographs were taken on Christmas Eve 93 after a Jordan Chandler accused the singer of sexual molestation. Mr. Jackson 46. Mr. Jackson later settled that case for a reported $20 million. Mr. Mesero now says the singer received bad advice and should have gone to trial. Why would you not end this Mr. Stead in once and for all, want to Mr. Jackson's legal advisors told the judge before website. And after asking me for the photos to be returned, you enjoyed them? No, but I bet you're Mr. Fudgewood enjoyed them. Ms. Fudgewood. You're fairie. Mr. Jackson's Trump. See, he is in him and is a girlfriend there. Lynn Stangles. What do I tell you about this? All during this whole trial going on. Always putting all the expulatory stuff on there, you know? What is it? Like a gig club is that what they think? Yeah, you ought to know. I'm not in it. I've been to Jackson's trial. Mr. Stead in Nice to judge for permission to enter an evidence to photograph so the singer's splotty penis permission was denied. That's what it says here. Mr. Mesero said on Larry King Live that he was sure there was a case for malicious prosecution. Asked to be thought Mr. Stead in this case was malicious. Mr. Robert Clyde. I do. I think he was treated in a way that no one else would have been simply treated. I think it was because he was a mega celebrity with a splotty unit. I like that. Right, I'd have to see it, I guess. Well, maybe you'll get a chance if I'm standing when it out leaks it out. 26 past no, and five, 60, WQAM on a kind of splotty show here today. You just wait till tomorrow, baby. Now, did Doug come in and apologize for not coming in depending on what you're saying this morning? No. See, I'm telling you, you stay in a way. You're too fairy. You know, IRS tax problems are got away from ruining all the aspects of your life. They take a tool on you all the way around. Emotionally, physically, emotionally. You can never get the IRS problems out of your mind. Every morning, you wake up in a cold sweat in a panic. CP-ADME buck wall in the buck wall tax from will help end your IRS promise forever and give you back peace of mind, which is why other top CPA law firms are further clients too. The buck wall tax from when they have problems with the IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? It'll all on file tax returns prepared, even if you lost all your records. Now, maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage's livi. Maybe you will pay roll taxes and penalties. Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you own need time to pay whatever your story. The buck wall tax from can help you out. They offer you a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately did not much sooner relief for my rest of our estimate too. Investible, you don't have to go to those pennant and the IRS IRS meetings because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions you do not have to go. Call them today, whether you owe ten grand a million dollars in IRS taxes or anyone in between because the buck wall tax from will get that IRS monkey off your back. Call 9-5-4-575-2800. That's 9-5-4-575-2800. Call today for that free no obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irrestreetem.com and stop having an IRS breakdown about the IRS not conundry front door. 9-5-4-575-2800. 1,000 pictures of this, I've got to see. I've got to see. First and now, hey, what else do we need to watch? I've got to see. What's really the price of this? 2 AM. That's the boom. I need some soldiers. We need more boys to be in them homership and jute. We're having trouble recruiting. We're going to get you on a burn. To be salute and salute and join the army. And we'll give you a free haircut. The military needs some new persons. Her sense in your way. She's an urgent surgeon. Her gen's very no shortage of insurgents. Her gen's ought a better ask. If it for, I have to drag you. If you're living in the hood. We'll be looking for you. We'll get off the street and put on some critiques. I need some soldiers. Join up. Open it please. You'll get a cool pair of boots that are totally free. If you're fresh out of school. You won't find a job. The army is fun. And we'll give you a gun. I need some soldiers. Drop down a gimmick 20. We'll sign you up today. Just be sure you're not gay. I need some soldiers real bad. We need you in a red. We need some soldiers right now. We need you at where you at. Who wants to go? For me. Interact. Interact. How pretty, too. At 5.60WC. I think that they all have a sign-up. Man, El Presidente, the Vice President, Airmongering, Rostrel, and Albert Keeven. All those right-wing foundations that we were talking about before Paul W. Rick and Domsen. Pat Robertson, all of these people. Let him go over there and fight the kick their ass. More than 50 camps found inside Del Ray home after fire discovered. Firefighters caught over a blaze at the home on Florida Boulevard late Wednesday and Del Ray. Beats found more than 50 camps inside along with the carcasses of others. No human injuries were reported. Here's the bad news, though. Yeah. Some of the cats escaped. Uh-oh. That's the bad news. Some of the cats escaped as firefighters brought the blaze. Some were rescued and made died. Fire rescue said. Exactly. Number's were not yet available. Trappers have been called into trying to snare the cats that escaped the flames. Give a hear of people going in snaring dogs. Yeah. You have? Sure. A pit bull's I guess. Yeah. I put pit bull's in cats in the same category. The fire was reported around 921 pm at home on the 2600 block of Florida Boulevard owned by Long-time resident Diane Gennigan. She was known at the time of the fire. When firefighters showed up, they found more than 50 cats in the resident. Several cats were found dead inside also. Some were just skeletal remains. Other carcasses in Zip block type bags. Well, that was good at least. The enforcement officers later deemed the house uninhabitable because of the animal waste found inside. Oh, Jesus, he just had a big litter box. It's a pretty nice day. They're in front of more of these places where these people are like, hold up and ask they got like 80 million dogs in cats and they're like living in these little cages. And what does that all about? Crazy. They're just lonely. Yeah, that's it. Is that what it is? That's that's growing. Hey, Ron. What's that version of what I'm telling, Ron? Keep trying, baby. This is another one of these stories that just, it makes me want to puked. It's so stupid, so superficial. Winner of 220.9 million dollar powerball direct pass says he wants more. Well, that part I like, but the part of the end where he says other than high end racing bicycle, he's got no plans for any large purchases. Right. The guy's name is Brad Duk. He says, one of my goals is keeping my feet on the ground, not forgetting who I am and where I came from. And staying active on things are like now, like biking, fitness industry, camping, wrapped up with my friends, keeping my feet on the ground is not a cool going up and buying a yacht. Well, yes, what Brad, how about going on by me one? Sure. Yeah, I'll take one. And George and Josh will need to take a small one too. And everybody had bicycle on the right. Right. Well, even take a low end. Or, you know, kind in a man who won that Jackpot Brad Duky 33 year old, regional fitness director for help club, chain and voisi on who is said he hopes to build a one billion dollar portfolio within 15 years. You go, Brad, we like you a lot. You're the kind of guy we want to get to know. We want to be real close personal friends. You're right. Since obviously he doesn't have any desire to go on by a whole bunch of other expensive stuff. Right. What better opportunity to have than me, if my age with this money to build a billion dollar empire to take care of my family and give opportunities to the people who give me opportunities. You told the APN Wednesday. Hey, Brad, if you'd like to invest it with a guy, you know, he's going to be a little bit more close out of make some serious money. Send it over here and like a brown paper bag. Do chose to take a one time payment of 125 point three million rather than 30. Not 30 minutes. And he will install with the 7.4 million. He would receive about 85 million in active taxes. Well, he's your flush in a way, lot of money. You know, but that again is part of that US thing with the alato's there. Big rip off. In other words, he went 220 million. But after all of taxes, everything is going to get 85 million. Okay. Or he would. And nobody's, but here he's getting lump sum 125 point three. So he's given away almost half. You see that? He won 220 point three million and he's getting on 25.3. I'd be really peowed. I would just wouldn't you. Yeah, I would probably protest. I don't have a lot of it. Commissioner Fistels denied Duke's request or a main anonymous argument that his name had to be a public to show we had no ties to a lot of employees or vendors. He was a jackpot over Memorial Day weekend. It would have been nice for me to take care of my family without making it a big thing in their lives. But we all came to the realization that it would be impossible. So if that's the way it's going to be, let's have fun with it. He said before traveling New York City for talk show appearances. Duke said he told his father and sister about the jackpot, but the rest of his family was unaware until Sunday when he asked to meet them in Sun Valley. He said they had assumed he was going to reveal a terminal illness, multi-level marketing scheme or a wedding engagement. Surprise. Duke has assembled legal financial and public relations advisors to make business investments and charity donations. And if considering appearances on a reality TV program, you know, Brad, I don't know what you do. We like you a lot. That's the kind of guy we want to get real friendly with. And like I've said before, I've been on the year almost 30 years in his marketing. But third man. So you have made a bad mistake. I should have, I should have kept doing that old old style kicking at old style. With all those old boring guests and, you know, Tommy Richardson's mother-law. People like that. So that's some old bag somewhere was a big fan of this show that I was babysitting for, for like 20 or 30 years. Not third man. Let me like, a 10, 20 million in a will, right? That's something I've got like any catcher right in the round of house. I've like millions of dollars days to waste somewhere. Never happened. Not a dime. Not a penny. Not a cent. I mean, wouldn't you think? How about just the people that appreciate you? And, you know what they reminds me of, but I can't remember the guy's name, which is a good thing because I don't want to get sued. There was a guy at W. News. There's a true story. Young guy. They hired this guy to do touch shows on the weekends. And he pulled exactly what I was just talking about. He con some old lady on the, who called in on the year. He got her phone number, whatever. And he con his old bag to like put him in her will. And of course they found out about it and he got it. His ass can. Yeah, but if he didn't mind. How do you like that? That's tragic. Can't remember the guy's name. Nobody knows what no who was. Thank goodness. So what are we going to start doing that right now? Yeah. Everybody likes in your will and I assume. In fact, those, how many people we got for Russian, we're going to let on a poll so far? It was in 21. We'll get the Norma Cantis to our drawn up wills and then. Have a good time with you right now. We wish you the best of success with your Russian blood competition. Okay. You're going to have like a round table. Don't cheat now. Ha ha ha ha. Make sure that all that's completely loaded. Every chamber even Maryland Chambers and Rusty Chambers. Prop 40 20 before one. We got Mo coming along. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Mad always at bruise room in Pompanowood for an angel. He had 70 kids 10. No Marlins game there on the road to Mandela to LA to play the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim etc. Hey, the Emerald Coast is still floor to number one Asian gourmet buffet. And they are open by the way today in spite of what the nasty rumors may have been around. Everything is just fine. Number one is rated by me and his vies again. Rest run review as well. You asked for it and now every Friday through Sunday night. Lobster fest is back by property demand at the Emerald Coast. The Emerald Coast featuring main lobster served thermador style and you can still enjoy crab fest every every single night with last and still crab legs dungeon as crab and Jonas don't crabs as well. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30. Not to the main for items. In addition, the Emerald Coast has got handcar prime rib and from their flaming. We're real delicious succulent New York steaks juicy and just cooked just the way you like it. Top off dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain. We can hand if your own strawberry is marshmallows and other dick and treats as well. And don't forget the Emerald Coast for what's healthy living. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol, freaking over oil. No MSD. No cornstarch. No crab. The MSD headaches. When you have a feast at the Emerald Coast. So book your reservations at one of Emerald Coast's three locations there in sunrise. Sunnyhouse Beach and Humber Pies. For the Emerald Coast called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. When it comes to a kitchen, it is real luxurious, real modern. It is a luxurious, luxurious, luxurious, luxurious, luxurious. There too Miami cups with our hot doobings. There are the streets fighting grids. They pop and they hand it in place there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's heaven's day old by us. We get a problem. The craving is a little trick. Lieutenant, isn't that the group that seen your citizens who went around trying to get the early birds special after seven? Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. The end is tough at night. The clean up the streets. The lady, you can't cross, the area that's across in the line. Yeah, they're the determine. The clean up the smoke is the end. All right, just carry your under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the charge? The station of the powder. I'm going to first let's get that white stuff. Yeah, I just thought, got over under bag in here. For more sweet love, that restaurant you just came out of. What's that guy man? Yeah, it's very good. Everybody comes on a duty in the elevator of the eyes. We're being disqualified on the MBC. Oh, those were the boys back in mid to late 80s. The eyes he's there today's man. Those were the salad days, the glory days. Not the big bucks, but a lot of fun. People were like, you know, doing all kinds of bits like that. Just for us. Like wasting way in hell and there, where they hear the phone ringing in the background. And of course, that great FCC song. And that's the signal I'm talking about. Okay, great. This just in deep throat cell story. What a surprise, not just like the runaway bribe. What a surprise, not. Universal pictures and public affairs have agreed to pay close to a million dollars to buy the film and book rights to the life story of W Mark Stelt. People involved in the deal said yesterday. Mr. felt I pay like a couple hundred to spend an hour with his grandson. Just haven't dinner. Mr. Feld is a former FBI official recently said he was deep throat to secret source for Bob Woodward. The Washington Post reported to any watergate investigation. Remember that of course you know. The potential sale has been the subject of intense speculation in the publishing industry in the Hollywood since Mr. Feld's identity was a real last month on article in Vanity Fair. The contracts which are expected to be announced today include an option to produce a future film and the rights to a biography based on previously unpolished material written by Mr. Feld about his retirement from the FBI. Now the words about how he felt. The full amount to be realized by Mr. Feld's family will not be known for some time. It depends whether a film is actually made people involved that he will say. But the largest portion of the million dollar amount is likely to come from the movie rights. David Coolney, literary agent and coon prior to now Mark Tune at I&Z. That was the bad news during those days. What a downer he was. In fact you got to meet him at the passion that that big thing we had. That's right. Remember what did he pressing? He had that really no bad negative front-be kind of like body language. You know kind of like Chris Moore. I don't remember anything about him. Oh yes you do. I thought that you remember that night. I remember that night about this. I remember that night about this. We first got sold from IOD from Cox broadcast on the action. We all had this big seller. Some hotel area in Nadania. I do. Walter Sabo was there with his water. Oh my god Walter Sabo was there. The man that killed Jerry Williams. Oh. I think at the end of this he says something. The knee you were like a Joyce Hold. Let's go, Captain. There's a. Put it all the way down. We have these folks. Let's go. Hey Mark Tune, I hope you're still at down. Yeah. I do all to save all in the blackers of the van. I don't know how to sell my company call. No. I've got the tickets. The fact that he's proud of my hand. I'm good at thinking you were maybe a star. I'm over save of any. I can do anything I want to do. I'm here to sell this woman. And I'm gonna make a song for you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I've got the power to mold it to you. I'm sure. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. We have a way to get your own show. I have a station down in Hollywood. And it doesn't sound like you're reading the movie. It's the one that you can throw pieces. I'm off the stage, I'll be ready. And you'll do anything I want to do to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. Well I think you're. There we go. There we go. No way. Get out of here. I'm not putting that on there. It was on the yogurt every weekend. He said he wanted to use the high price bread, margarine. And anyway, and it wasn't that Karen K was she to wanted to... Oh yeah. That's the word. Puts her on here on IOD and then she announces that her first or second show that she's did with the consultant. And that's what she got to job. That's always a good way to impress the audience for her. But that was true, though. What? What about she announced? Why didn't she announce? I have one in my mouth once. I wonder she was laughing. Oh, I never see my woman. And anyway, yeah, I didn't see Walter. In fact, he took me to lunch once time and he already fed me. Park, right? Yeah. Right next door to the station. What was that? Like an eye half or something more? Denny's. That was Denny. Yeah, which is great. We loved Denny's a lot. Especially them flatjackies sandwiches. But, and then those mother sloppers pies. Those are the bears of splotty mothers splotty pies. But, man, and he, and then I fight out later, I was doing this probing me kind of like an alien. Really had to feel alien spaceman and feel to good. Now that's all he was still just trying to get information. Feeling you out. In formation. And anyway, he's a piece of ground. I wonder if he's still alive Walter's table. Boy, see evil. That's one of the reasons a radio business in the shape that it's in today is because of Jewish tools like him talking to the magazine. He has articles in there all the time. Does he really? Well, you're the one that reads that, huh? I don't know. Talk to his magazine where they had that big form of human is going to have a shout out, Frank, and off the stage. Yeah, that's the one. That's someone. Did I put that on a website or not? The Josh? No. Oh, maybe I just didn't want to give my life much publicity. Now worth it. Yeah, there was a story on there. I told you that he just wouldn't shut up and they had all these other people lined up to speak. And, man, bye, bye, bye, bye, I am. I am kept whining and droning and they started hooting and hollering just like when Arbor was speaking in California the other day. Here is some good news, fine. There is good news that I advocates of rewriting the USA Patriot actor claiming momentum. There got the big mo. After the house, despite a White House veto threat voted to restrict investigators from using the anti-terrorism law to pick it, library records and books to a sales slips. Yesterday's 238 to 187 vote came as lawmakers ramped up efforts to extend the Patriot Act, which was passed real fast in the emotional aftermath of 911. When Congress passed a lot, included a sunset provision under which 15 of its provisions are to expire at the end of this year. Since the Patriot Act passed, liberals and libertarian oriented conservatives have pressed for changes, citing privacy and civil or a liberties concerns. The administration said weakening the Ecuador veto from Al-Presidentate. No question. This is a real shot in the arm for those of us who want to make changes to the Patriot acts that represented Bernard Sanders independent of Vermont, sponsored the provision that were curtailed against the ability to investigate the reading habits of terrorist aspects. He said the vote would help rein in an administration in 10 on shipping away at the very civil liberties that defined as a nation. The vote reversed a narrow loss last year by lawmakers concerned about the potential and based on privacy of innocent library users. They narrowed the proposal this year to permit the government to continue seeking out records of internet use and libraries. So in other words, if you go on the internet at the library, you're like plugging your guts on some online casino, they're going to know. That's at least a little tiny, you don't want to say it's one small step right. Time, 18. 18. Okay, I guess we ought to take a call or two, not that we have a lot. 560, 560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Do you have any QAM? Hello. On Comino? Yes sir. Hawaii. Okay. Before I get to meet in my car, I have to do a mo, a mo bit. I was just thinking now when you told George when you were playing the stable thing, oh, I'm not going to play that or whatever. He's heard about these two guys that are the who the older and 95.27 that apparently they got in some hot water because they were saying all these things. They don't want to have to be down the air. You heard about this. Right. I think I know that you're going to be able to do this? Hello? Yeah, we're listening. Okay. So my wife lives into these clouds in the morning and a few months back. I'm sure you don't even ever heard about this one. This is a CM2 FM, I believe. It's something like that. Yeah. Like one of them you can't really tell he's a Julio. He's like me and George. No accent. So when you're doing something, you have an accent. Sorry. The other one you can tell is a Julio my wife. I think they called Howard because Howard that and low and behold Howard turns around and says, well, thanks a lot for sucking up. By the way, we're the ones that read it. You guys often have to be at the seat. Really? Yeah. I mean, they got off his foot Howard and they went back and forth. I didn't hear the calm. I wiped it. You guys aren't up to get it done? What's up with this? How long goes this? Uh, I've been no more in three or four months ago. They called the Kiss His As and how he was the king of all media and he's the best and Howard get up by the way, we're ready to do that. You mean Howard Stern? Yeah. Oh, I mean, he's the easier way earlier. He said he would call it about, oh, I see about Howard. I'm sorry. I was going to tell you something before I got to the meat of the moment. Okay. I called you a few days back in reference to these moping, right? I'm a little confused, but I've been confused for a long time. So maybe it's me. I don't know. Wait, wait. Let's stop for a second. I'm confused. I'll understand. Are you following this George? Yeah. They called up Howard Stern? Yes. Yes. This is the fact that Kiss His As and how they lost it and then all the other ones who read it, you asked that the FTC, well, how to help him. What he do that? He's not in the slaughter. At least that's what he claimed. Uh, I think this was still when he was on the air down here. Yeah, but he wasn't even a show from there. Oh, I know. So Howard, they do here in CMQFAMA. I don't know, Neil. But that's what he told these guys. I don't know if it's sure he's just set it up in the mopping. He always sounds like to me. I'm kind of alive. But anyway, moving along. I think he could have been along. So the moment, right? Yeah. I called you like a week back or whatever. And we were talking. And I thought you had said you can't play any moments where mold gets raised. Remember? I never said that. Yeah. Yeah. You told me, no, that's not correct. I can't. But then when I request one, you told Joshua, this guy's crazy. I can't play that. So I don't know what but then that's for a different reason. There's, for others, obviously different language and there are different stuff. It's not because he's getting raped. Because they're the language. And how he's getting raped. Right. And how often and whether you like to do not. This is so insane. I don't know. They don't love to know. Welcome to America. Maybe if I were you, I'd give back an at interview and head right on back somewhere. Well, Neil, any moment that you can play any gets raped, I love to hear it. Okay. Thank you. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Talking about the, the Os song is that effect? The Os song? Yeah. There's no, there's no word for a play in that. The Os one? Yeah. The Os, the Os, the Os, the and Harry or one? No, no. I know which one you're talking about. That's what I'm playing at because you were playing the little did you? Yeah, before the show, right on here. No, no, no, let's be. Oh, just the song. We can play that. What's wrong with that? Nothing. There's words in there we can play. And look at that. You just got me so whipped up. I knocked it out of the other to the audition line. It just calmed down. Will you play? Yo, yo, yo, let's read. Oh, three, yo, big shot. Oh, go, go, go, go. That's how we pass the time. Oh, wait. In the game. Yo, jail, oh, oh, oh. There's nothing wrong with that. In fact, I can't like it. I'm glad that you reminded me to play it again. He does too. 1257 at 560 WMH, you racing fans this Saturday, June 18, Pomp and a Proc will be the only place in South Florida where you can win free tickets to the NASCAR Pepsi 400 weekend at Daytona. Each per ticket has worth more than 700 bucks and feature not only great seats both July 1st and 2nd for the NASCAR races, but also include next-tell fans' own passes for both days and for the Pepsi 400 race on Saturday July 2, passes to the green flag hospitality tent. Now you have to be age 18 to roll to the winner just out by the NASCAR Pepsi 400 booth on the 2nd floor of the track this Saturday ended winning just that easy. It's easy to get to pop it apart from anywhere in South Florida because it's just a half mile for both I and I need to drive the turn bike and Pomp and a park offers you free admission and free general parking each and every day. Live harness racing in the Pocorom open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday, Pocorom is open from noon to midnight live racing gets underway nightly at 725 in a PM. Pomp and a park of Black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road don't forget for the curr racing schedule to score on a web at Pomp and a park.com or call 954-972-2000. So when you buy 6000 this week yes I've never done cause cicatia mine all the way to LinkedIn listen to the ROTheers one that's along for what's go but Let's go what do you think it is I know is that me and you get the I do much better go with six to ten and not invite a gentile in the cranky tool. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bed. Strap out too tight. No chance I'm always show it to you. I'd rather die with you grab me as you say. Why I'll help you know that I'm not the buggy Jew of the wind I need. I've been great to find a very party but you're not kind to me. Me and all the staff would love the way that if we had a fight that you survive, would want a hero genital and pushy sight that scrapped me as you say. I'm going to go with you, I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you, I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you, I'm going to go with you. And show it to me, for me, is much better since the ten and not invite. It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight. I think we might be happy to get there. I think we should get there. I want one more. You guys. You're good, you're good. You're good. You're good, you're good. You're good. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. I'm going to do it more. But nevertheless, what's your favorite form of gambling? I don't gamble 190-20.99% of this crowd. They are gambling in their harder money or money they stole. Blackjack 110, Poker 83, Slot 63, 7.9%. Sports betting 58, the lottery 53 crafts 40. You know we've heard from you folks, the crafts folks, horses 37, Relay 29, cockfighting 22, the stock market 21, Russian Relay 21, which which I'm it it's a good thing that those two are tied you see the correlation I do I don't see much difference real estate 12 video poker 10 dog racing eight golf seven stock market seven high-ly seven you care for you care Spades four what are you going to see Josh you got four on there not too good online gaming three back Rat to bridge one bridge Vingo one and biddard so far's got the big oh We just don't that's not our crowd of kind of guys that hang out and pool halls, you know It isn't no get out of here. Okay, just just maybe to go with the eyes All right, I wonder if you ever found David Cassidy. Yeah, you think no, he's so looking for David five six seven O five sixty pound five six-minute. He Verizon and singular wireless lines Well, this is a big day coming up tomorrow man huge humongous They're Friday me for my big summer break boy and not that I'm counting the hours like four minutes of five Let's see four hours in fifty five minutes and that kind of me hours down Okay, nice one short week vacation and then of course we go to that summer schedule Just look on our website Neil Rogers to come you'll get the schedule So people like that guy that I called earlier that aren't that fond of you What do you say wishes you would die something like that a horrible wicked painful guy and Those people that hate me like boys gonna boy choose the emphorsate during the summertime And you can avoid hearing all of my hostility and negativity and it's a social banter Right WQ a M. Hello WQ a M. Hello Neil got a circuit. I have some information here that I think you well That's what we're looking for is information information I apologize okay John Connors is going to be holding a not I know I've had that story on earlier on C-SPAN 3 We already had that on yeah, I'm the whole piece delivering half a million signatures right They have a 540 thousand signatures Right now we are going to got that thanks five six seven 560 pound five six in the Verizon and singular wireless line already been there done that okay See what I told him we already had that he didn't stop together I mean we appreciated so very very much, but the fact that matter is been there done that WQ a M hello Oh, that was the Gilbert's boyfriend. I wasn't him I'm that maybe just somebody's steel is a good material Gilbert. You got copy case. Do I need you a M hello? Nice to talk to you. I sure I'm excited Gilbert look alike. Yes, sir Yeah, hey Let me you're talking about misery to movie like about a week or so go my James Connors Kathy Bates correct his right I want you to know that I sell down a Friday stairs about six weeks ago And my foot look at exactly like It was exactly like the movie was through it to decide and everything Now I want to tell you that that is the most painful thing you can probably have in your life Oh New property and it's choice and all over the place. What do I do about it? Oh, then you're going to use up kick it me. Yeah, so kick it Get out of here. It's yours now. Oh, but maybe it'll draw us on this foot You know some people sign your cans other you know dogs can't sign it today just like leave a little souvenir little mark X marks this spot WQ a M hello Yes, sir You know yep Ricky Williams has been spotted in Wyoming good good place for my life It he and Dick Cheney can hang out together. You're duck hunting with a judge if I if we have to start here We just when we thought we were all done with that right Oh, I Lord the good the good news is for you Give me chance I'll also have some along you can play all those vits right? Maybe we can get them out here Oh, man, we got a talk about me and Ricky. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Yeah, that's not what I heard I heard you both share the same tube That's the company Q a M hello Hey, yeah, how you doing today? Okay, sir Hey, you're a co-chip last week, I see I come I never hear about you talk about your stocks So you start a talk about your smelly f**k Yeah, are you saying stocks? I said stocks. I thought you didn't talk about your stock Talk about your stocks. I don't have no stock. I don't have no stock. You're probably getting out of here You don't have any stocks. That's the two of the investments and things that are like guaranteed. Okay, like fixed the new days I don't take the market no more, okay, and again, that's why I saw our poll today for gambling I don't gamble at least not on that If I'm good a gamble, I'm gonna go work. I have a good time and lose You know, a little fun doing it. Let me ask you do they give you like free drinks while you're playing like they do in Vegas when you go burn First ain't that short. No, it's not actually you want to know why I know why why? Because you get tanked and you make bad decisions. No, no, no, no, I do I drink no So you I get diet soda one night cake diet coke over and over and of course They don't have caffeine free diet coke worst things you have for your irritable mom's a IVS expert threat caffeine I know and I'm yeah, I wish to why the hell though to have at least in Montreal They have like Salsa with the head in fact you can get plain water even like club soda right? They don't let you have a club soda. No, I never asked them I'm pretty sure I'll have to ask cuz all the All the cocktail wait for this is I mean everybody there knows me like regular right I am and they're all very friendly And I'll call come around because they know they're gonna get their buck every time Well, really but what really gets me Is the people who are sitting there and they refuse to give the cocktail waiter or wait for a tip You know After they can I have a coffee double double triple triple quadruple quiet. Yeah, you think you were in Canada Think of us as cheap Canadians were hanging out there. Hey God and then and of course then when you win a jackpot like 600 You know a a attendant pay jackpot You know I mean well, that's the attendants come and pay right and then there are those people who are like good I don't want to tip them well. I do understand that probably after you lose your ass there You get in the beginning I wasn't tipping anybody either because I thought well I'm not a money they're taking for me. Why should I tip anybody but then if you want to get good service Right, I want them to pay attention and not let you sit there for an hour That's the way it works so fair because that's part of their pay. It's cargo. Is that what it is that to karma comedian? 800 9 votes and builders don't have anything Look at that. Vingo only one and you know that's good news because you know the average age of somebody who plays thing Go about 100 in the 30 although some somebody who was telling me the other day that the Vingo A here the Vingo here They have jackpots like I feel like 50 grand and so whatever. I never heard a six of thing to do you? Wow Probably not in the US because they had the church don't have that money anymore They have to pay to all those elossets 12 minutes after one at five 60 WQM if you're in the market for a new car or truck then stop by armstrong for the homestead this week Ford is offered new discounts and prices are well below the market price right now as I speak now at Armstrong for this financing is low as zero percent or Re-bates him up to six grand or you can drive away to brand new Ford and make absolutely no payments for six months The choice is yours but the bottom line is when you add the Armstrong for a discount of the bonus cash and send it from Ford There is no better time to buy than right now that new Ford pick up the phone now and call David rich the GM a 305 24751 12 As David for the Neilville They have a special deal for you on a brand new Ford just because you listen to this show when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead You'll also get there are exclusive tires and batteries for life program I guarantee you how much effect boys life on it You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere no bait and switch no full need deals just the best pricing anywhere Armstrong for the home set 307 25 South to Xeah away 20 minutes south of the eight thirty six don't forget now give David rich your call 305 24751 12 And ask about their Neil deal around the website about it Armstrong cars calm but be sure whatever you do stop down this week and save like never before Save thousands of men new Ford at Armstrong Ford of homestead Tells people our eyes holes Shine him Boy trash Aren't you feeling flat rock's without cargo sea Manotai call me Jack Would you win for I was not very rush I'm informa less of thousands of young boys, but I'm rich so my fans loved me I don't like it. How did God go today? I was married and Dark Gold Gray actually, I forgot to write that you said, Shirt with no tie. He got first to hold up my clear socks and spats. Oh, I had this kind of a spray paint in my glove. I took the ball bow. I've been lucky so fast. They could have put the bag over my head and spike it before. Or a bag or a convo or a rabbit claw. Oh, we should take it with me there. If you're not true. What does that mean? I know, stay there again. Go. Let me out. I can't find another guy. You know, you want me to. Hey, I can't go. I can't go. I can't hear how I'm true. Let me out. You know, this is interesting. I'm looking on the CNN site right now. Okay. Here we view of Batman begins and it says, Hew. What, entertainment weekly Batman begins a trial. If I just yesterday, and the Toronto star, I read a skating review just ripping it in ass. I saw yesterday. And it was okay. It was just fine. I don't think it was horrible. Ripping it in ass. Let me probably going to hate it. Were you in like any of the other? I hate everything. No, I don't like to Batman movies or wasn't one good one. They all sunk. Yeah, did it. Okay. Yeah, you're not saying that. And it's like watching Sherlock Holmes movies with Nigel Bruce and a Basil Ratthbone. And then watching the Sherlock Holmes craft that came later, Scarbage. So I've watched in Dracula with Dull of the Goesie, and I've watched Peter Cushing trying to be Dracula. Right? Right. Same thing. Watch Batman on TV with, you know, what's his name? Bert Ward and Bert Reynolds. I know who the hell was in. What is wrong with you? We're just watching at the end of the day. I read that book. And I'm West. Best by test, although I look rather better. But anyway, you watch that show and then you watch these movies. And it isn't even related to the comic strip. What does it have to do with reality? What does it have to do with anything? And then all his retro garbage, all Batman begins. And then Batman is a baby and Batboy. And that's in the belly free. Come on already. Enough with the garbage. Or speak in a garbage. Here's another reason to hate your buddy or Bill Gates. Yeah. Chinese bloggers posting their thoughts via Microsoft's net service. Facebook restrictions are what they can write. Here's the story. The start of the news. Weblog in freeze and some parts of Microsoft's MSN site in China using words such as freedom, democracy, and demonstration are being blocked to the Chinese bloggers already faced with controls. The most registered their online journal with Chinese authorities. Microsoft said the company invited by the laws regulations and norms of each company which it operates. The censorship is thought to have been introduced as a concession to the Chinese government. In other words, we don't care what you do to it. This is as long as we can make some money from you. Also being restricted on the free parts of the site. Our journal entries that mentioned human rights and Taiwan independence. God forbid. Reportives without borders says following Yahoo. Here's a second American internet giant giving way to the Chinese authorities. And agreeing to self censorship. If that lovely. Those using the band words are writing entries that are pornographic or contain sensitive information. Get a pop up warning that reads. This message contains a band expression. Please delete this expression. Microsoft MSN spaces. This is a space site. This run by its door and venture partner. The state back Shanghai Alliance investment limited. And obviously what you can put on there is very limited. Microsoft said people who used its MSN spaces service were required to buy by its quota conduct. The code says that users are not allowed to upload both to distribute any content which violates any local and national laws that apply to your location. Microsoft is a multi-national business. And as such, needs demand to be able to evaporating in countries around the world. And Microsoft spokesperson told the BBC News website. I'm like that. China recently introduced stringent regulations that require all blog owners to register the web journal with a state by the 30th of this month. Not third man. Regulations require the right of a blog to identify themselves to the authorities. Okay. You will identify yourself and you will, you know, eat your chops. Or just give you the old chop chop. You're saying like that. I don't, but you know, they got a man. The book, you know, he's starving. Okay. Because that's right. He needs that money. But he wants to catch up to that tarble winner. Here's some bad news. Let's see aerosmith, although I do like aerosmith a lot. Percy aerosmith, who with this wife set a record two weeks ago for the world's longest marriage, died yesterday at the age of 105. His wife of 80 years was by a side. Marriage for 80, long excruciating years. How do you like that? Oh, good for him. So he made it. He set the record two weeks ago. Many croaked. Aerosmith died at his home in Heraford, northwest of London. His bishop said, Aerosmith and his hundred year old wife Florence, Wow. Celebrated their 80th wedding anniversary in a place in the Guinness Book of Records in June 1. Percy and Flo were very happy when I saw them on the Man of the Man of the Wrestler. He said the Reverend Anthony Prittis Bishop of Heraford, Heraford, whatever it is. There were still very much in love with each other. They kept drooling a lot, but nevertheless, earlier this month, the Guinness Organization recognized the Paris holding records for the longest marriage for a living couple and the oldest aggregate age of a married couple, which would have been a hot 205. Almost old enough to live in surfside. The aerosmiths who have three children, six grandchildren, nine great grandchildren, said to the key that their long marriage was not to go to sleep on an argument. Aerosmith said there was something else. I always said, yes, dear. He said, keep that in mind, Joyce. Always say, yes, dear, no matter what she says, it is here. It doesn't help. Still what's more. And then stick your head in that flavor wave to the large oven for about three minutes on high cooking. See if that's on straight in the ranch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, any Verizon. See the great part about that is that you can take that top part off and keep it on. Oh, that's right. Yeah, you could put it like a half. Yeah. Like a hat or like when you see the women in the beauty problem with that thing on her head, you know? Yeah, the little curls just try to get in here. Honey, oh, yeah. Talk about a cooler. No brains. Ha ha ha. Curl your brains. Dominique, you I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was talking to my wife the other day about Tom Cruise. Yeah. And she was saying, we're talking about how he's brainwashing Katie Holmes into the Scientology. Absolutely. No question about it. And my wife goes, well, that's not so bad. They're like those Christian scientists aren't they? Right. And it's struck me that the average person has no idea what Scientology is. Hmm. Well, and why does the media shy away from that and not say, hey, Tom Cruise believes in Ali. I have bays. Right. And Al-Ran, how about don't forget about him. They sue everybody. Right. But how can they sue you if you tell the truth? I mean, it's the truth. And then Ali, they just want to create a hassle. It's just that we have intimidating people. No, keep it in the mouth shut. But Jordan, I'm sure we'll talk about him a lot while I'm on vacation. Are sure we'll. If you have a purpose to do, what are they going to get? Nothing. If the average person knew the Tom Cruise. Absolutely. Believe in Ali and say, we think the guys are holding loan. Right. And look, everybody's not a have a place to hide. You know, it's a very comfortable closet. It's a lot of revolt as in here. Lisa Marie, I mean, what's wrong with Tom Cruise being in here? And if I Katie Holmes, just a couple of months ago in an interview, and some magazine was saying, what a devout Catholic she was and how big Jesus is in her life. Not no mole. And now she's joining a church. This is where I eat this is a myth invented by Aliens. There you go by Ali on. Okay. Good luck to you, Pelle. Good luck to all of us. You're fair. There you go. That's for Tom Cruise. And for Lisa Marie. You're fair. And for John Reeve. You're fair. And all the other people involved in that cult. They got a huge, I don't know if it's still there anymore is matter. Fact in Toronto, they have like a whole block that they hold up. That's how they operate. I haven't been in an area in quite some time. I have to check that out. See if they're still around. My good friends at the Scientologist. So maybe I haven't been in their closet for a while. Speaking of that, challenging earlier findings, two studies from a conservative research group reported to us. They that young people will take virginity pledges have lower rates of acquiring sexually-transmitted diseases and engage in fewer sexual, risky, sexual behaviors. However, everybody else says it's a polycrap. Wait to hear which group this is. The new findings by the Herodids Foundation are based on the same national survey used in earlier studies and conducted by the Federal Department of HHS. The authors of the new study used different methods of statistical analization that knows in an earlier report that was widely publicized making direct comparisons difficult. Independent experts call the new findings provocative, but they criticize the hematist foundation's analization is flawed and lacking these statistical evidence to support their conclusions. The new findings have not been submitted to a journal for publication and author said. The independent experts who reviewed the study said the findings are unlikely to be published in their present form. In other words, basically, as usual, you get from the Herodids Foundation, it's a pack of light. Because every study that we write about, of course, to show that this whole absence thing doesn't work and all these virginity pledges and these people are doing as much hanky, panky if not more than anybody else and getting as many diseases and of course all these things. They could put us. It's really interesting in the mass media now. They put these people on. Well, so-and-so from a Herodids Foundation are from Hocus, focus on a family. Let these are some kind of mainstream responsive organizations as opposed to the right way in fundamentalist lunatics that we all know they are. And they're just all over the place now. It's like even more than the test padder, more than the infermerschels on a weekend. 26 past one at five, 16. We're going to have an Elron Hub up on tomorrow. Are we? From the great thing. If there's a big Hub up about where you're here when, it probably went down the sink around to floor, but if it's gone, like most guys, here's the answer to you. Call our good buddy Chuck Alphi or maybe because Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous looked there very best for over 30 years now. Good recognize Charlie's work when you see it because I'm like, we saw a guy on CNN this morning, George and I and one of the most outrageous looking wings I have ever seen in my life. And all you do is just land and land and yuck it up ridiculous. And that's what they'll do to you too. If you put a muskware on your head, but with Charlie's new skinlight care system, it's 100% un-detectable. Looks like to be a real thing. Like real hair that's going out of your scalp, and that's what you want. And you have nothing lose but you're shiny ugly balls spot because you try Charlie's system for 30 days. Not turned me. More months than after months if you don't love the way looks and feels like a ton of action, return it for a full refund. Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413. Tell Charlie, heard about it here. I'm a new rider showing it as special $200 extra discount after regular $800 price of the best in the universe natural hairline system. Here's the toll free number. Call today, there's no obligation. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web. It's Charles Alfieri.com. When it comes to being true to this, pay the price of the sea. The biggest person out there in my life, when you watch the sea, it's just a full amount of food for your biceps. And she went, yeah. God! The toll, the toll, the toll, the toll, the toll, the toll. It's the toll, the toll, the toll. I think when you're going away, you're with me. Yeah, the way you're going, having to fall in. You take me and going, you're with me. You're going to die. Oh no, the car is the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. And don't fall in. I think you're really with me. When you're just going to die. And if you want to make some touch around, pay me some old things. Let's try it once, you'll drink with the penny. You'll be in the barn, but the door is a door to pay the door. It's a big, big, big drink. And I think you'll try it once, so I can't wait for my gold. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Wait, wait, wait. Hey, Mrs. Bowman. We think we're gonna die if you're not a doctor. And the door to the door to the door to die to die. Save it, the bull's in. You're gonna die if you can't come. You're gonna die if you're just a dog. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't. Don't. Don't. No, no, no, no, no. You're gonna die if you're just going to die. I'm not a spy. I'm not a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. I'm a spy. He made me a romance. Yeah. What's his story? I'm a spy. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. I don't know what's his story. 133-274-The-Doyman. 12-12-Toyman. 12-Toyman. A man who played a gully to taking part in a cross-boarding and private studio in Pat West Virginia lost in his bit to be mayor. Well, that good news? Yeah, it is. Greg Bess. No relation to Bess Truman. Greg Bess garnered 41 votes in Tuesday's nonpartisan election coming in a distant second to Anne Nees. A social justice officer at West Virginia University Institute Technology of 104 vote. Two other candidates. And got fewer votes than Bess. Vesta coal mining contractor in chairman of the Towns utility board has said his role in the 1999 cross-boarding was exaggerated and was more of a joke that just got on a hand. Just for the record, Greg Bess is not a racist best said before the election. Basically a gully in 2001 to a criminal conspiracy charge telling a federal judge that he built across and carried it to the residents of Lucy Roberts who was at home babysitting for a two year old vibrational granddaughter. Well, sounds like just a joke to me, don't it? A hurr? He was sentenced to 30 days. Hey, I'll end three years probation and find a thousand dollars. I think that the citizens are making a statement that they didn't care for Bess's behavior and his participation in the cross-boarding he said Wednesday credits a seven West Virginia town of about 530 residents. 530. You know, it's a good thing that Josh got to watch the liberal in a couple days ago. Like that. Because one of how you can get a better insight is to the nature of the people who are running America these days. Yeah, that's actually what I thought about when I was right. The people have taken over the Aintree crowd. They're going to go out. That's this crowd. You better believe it. They're all Ken Man. Pittsburgh and a count. I got a whole bunch of these goofy stories. I love him. And a count in his motto was live until Friday. Kind of like that movie you're owning the honey. Yeah. Oh, and I got bad news for a George. I knew I forgot something. Bad news. Amazon.com says, ah, oh, it's like North by Northland. What do you know, they had some email here sometime back and said, in order for us to postpone the date and not cancel the order. You have to click here and so I clicked there and I thought I had it all done. I'm pretty sure I did, you know, I clicked it. And now they're saying, well, because you didn't respond to Yadiyati, or unfortunately you've had a cancel. So what I'm going to do is I'll go buy it. All right. I'm going to pay you. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. You're on vacation. Yeah, I got plenty of time. In fact, what I'll do is maybe I'll buy it there. No, I'll buy it here. And I'll mail it from there. Okay. I'm sure it's how I'm going to bring it to you. All right. Yeah. Pretty sad. I'm going to see all those people there. I'm not there. In fact, I probably won't see any of you again, you know? It's been a lot of fun. Bye. We got your picture over here. Have any of you pardon me? Get your picture over here on the wall. Yeah, that's right. Look at the picture. I was younger than anyway. And a calendar's model was live until Friday. Played the guilty, distilling between a million and two and a half million from clients. And lavishing strippers with gifts and jobs. John J. Bowman 52, no kind of Travis Bowman of Shaler or a Venereal Bowman. Played the guilty to date and defrauding 11 clients between 1994 and 2002. According to prosecutors, Bowman spent client money at a strip club, dropping more than $1,000 a night. He also hired young women to work at his 90-funked business, Bowman and associates. He hired a strip for his secretary and gave her 20 grand for a down payment on a home and paid her 600 bucks a week. The plea of being caused for Bowman to make restitution, he scheduled to be sent in September 20-3. Live until Friday, that was his model. All right. Now we're trying to do it here. Only got like 24 minutes to go today and then of course tomorrow. Hey, you're my English. I think all great comedy bits tomorrow. No, too. Okay. That's all I should winter? Cup out. I mean, yeah, I wouldn't do that. Like I said, on Monday, I'm taking all comedy. Ooh, yeah. Golden retriever is summoned to court. Now, my golden retriever was never summoned to court. That's a good thing. Newt and acid Tuesday. Murphy is awaiting his day and court. The question is whether court is ready for him. Murphy is a three-year-old golden retriever who received a summons last week to appear in Newton District Court. To answer a complaint that he was walked without a leash and leash twice and was not off today at his door license. Actually, it wasn't Murphy, but his owner Stephen Dean who was supposed to get the summons. He can't read. So I sounded on his behavior requesting hearing Dean told the Metro West Daily News of Framingham. I don't even know if they let him into the court house, especially if he drops the number on a floor. Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that be a great editorial comment? That would be. Is that your plea? We ever seen a golden retriever doing the old squat? Believe me. It's a very serious piece of business. Newton police find Murphy $25 for not having a leash and $25 for not being licensed when animal control officer John O'Connell stopped Murphy in his master June 3rd. Court magistrate Henry Schulz said in his 35 years of the Newton District Court, he's never heard of a dog receiving a ticket. He must not know about those people in California with a chicken got to Jay walking ticket. I think Murphy's the first defender we said Monday, we've had people bring their dogs into the courthouse, but not like this. What are we going to do if Murphy appeals to Ohio court? He said, it's that cute. Kind of like a yuck. That's probably the kind of humor they tell up there. And it was an entry. That's probably kind of jokes they really yuck it up pretty good. I would think. And like I said, these people are running the country. The hoax focus family focus on a family, hoax focus on your family, hoax focus on him and fagots. Yeah, and all that stuff. And of course, the anti-san defiderous crowd. They're running a miracle. 21 till 2 at 2 a.m. We'll be going. I'm a little bit trying to treat you. You're not. I'm a little bit rocking. You're fair. You're me book show off on long hair. When we sing on American Idol. I mean she's like pouring a car. I'm never hit on Paul. I have to. I'm a little bit trying to treat you. I'm a little bit rocker roll. She's a little energy nerd. She's a little real diamond. She's a little bit fragile. Well, soon but she's more Marie. I'm a little bit too don't know how to shake her stuff. I don't know how to shake but not too weak. No more country will ever. When you told me you don't have a recipe. And I like for best of it. I'm more stranded on happy meals. I hope you're good. You'll give me all the rules. I hope they can prepare me. Well, I'm not a lot more. She'll be marching to keep my time. Play it, get shut your hope. Come on a little bit trying to treat. And I'm a little bit rocker roll. He likes to powder his mouth. Like I said, they were a 145 at 560WQN. Here's some good news. What's that? You know, there's two drunken pilots. Yeah. Well, they're going to remain in jail until they're sentenced. Month after they were not bailed today. All right. Take County Circuit Judge David Young has an edgy tone as he addressed pilot Thomas Floyd, 47 and copilot Christopher Hughes, 44 and order them held at least another five weeks. Well, they might just have flown away. They went to jail right after the verdicts were read last week after being free on bail for nearly three years while the contest of the charges and guess why not free no more. They're going to be held until they get sentenced. Excellent. Don't want no drug and powder on the planet. I get on. I'll tell you that right now. Conversely, yeah, charges were dismissed today against the 19 year old Inlet Grove High School student charged with hacking the Palm Beach County School District's computers. Ryan Duncan, a Palm Beach Gardens as we debate, $2025 an investigative cost and complete 100 hours of community service. He also has to write letter of apology to the district. I don't sound too bad. I'll be able to say, I apologize. That's it. Right. That'll do it. Under the agreement overseen by Judge Lucy Chernobyl Brown. They haven't hours of community can be waived. If not going to increase the work of the school district, we had a program on the seriousness of computer crime. Investigators believe Duncan legally obtained a password that let him have access, let him access district servers. Duncan may have received the login information by looking over the shoulder of a computer technician who was working at Inlet Grove High School in Riviera, but in the middle of the week, where the teams had students, district spokesman, had had herringed and said in the April interview. Duncan was arrested last month by school district police, charge with the fences against intellectual property and felony. He was released on his own reconnaissance. Under the terms of his release, he's a lot of computer access only in work, our service official said. Go let him on your computer Josh. Okay. He'll be hacking it. Speak out of that, think him to New York. Have you ever been there? Don't. Okay. No. A sheriff's department office is ready to face the hot water after leaving her gun gun and a Binghamton County bathroom. Binghamton courthouse bathroom. But I said, I've read. Let me say it again. And a Binghamton courthouse bathroom. A broom County Sheriff's Department of Corrections Officer removed her 40 caliber block pistol by using the facilities. But she left the weapon behind when she left the restroom. I mean, there was the number one and number two and then the number nine forty five. I was a 40 caliber block. It could have anybody. The gun was found by civilian who alerted a courthouse security officer. Sheriff David Hartford told a Binghamton officer without her piece for less than five minutes. Harder said an investigation. The incident has been conducted the meantime. The officer had been taken off the courthouse detail and decided to go to the office. He said the officer was very upset over the gun jonder. Go be doing it again sweetheart. Ross did by Oming. Pamford Atturk and that's her name. Fetterturk. So where she was going to attend the Mule Day's Festival. Even if she had arrived at Mule to get there. And you know what she did? What? She was a veteran. Atturk and her friend Terrell Louis traveled some eight hundred and fifty miles on the back of a mule from Alberta, Canada, to recusen Jake Clark's ranch in northern Wyoming. See this is more than entry crowd. The women were a fraud mule named Sadie and Goliath and brought a pack mule angel to carry their supplies. Mule days which kicked off two days celebrate the notoriously stubborn animal with mule center creases, rodeo or that rodeo and other events. For their troubled a human and their mule's will serve as grand marshals for the mule day parade. Well, I thought she was nuts to begin with said Clark who said his grandfather. Who said his grandfather, who said his grandfather, two hollings worth made a similar trip on horseback some eight years ago to find work in METTC. M-E-E-T-E-T-S-A-N-E-T-C. That is touching it. Don't touch those. He told me she knew what entity did to her son. I'm pretty proud of her. Well, that's great. And of course we know about John Madden, right? The hopper called in yesterday with the load on that. We didn't need to hear no sticking press conference did we? Because we had the good news from the hopper. I think we should have carried it. Let's carry it today. Yeah, let's get the press conference. What's on TSN right now? I bet you they got to me as PM prayer fund right now. Maybe they got some speed. Oh, you guys open golf now. Once this spot is open, you want to hear that? No. You guys open golf. Or we could go to the fear factor on extreme TV. The stream sports. Or we could do some women soccer. I'm lost. I lost four. What are they looking for? You could fly you up and hide that and it was sliced away. What language is he speaking? Oh, or we could do class in nine of the fights. They're doing a toilet pay. They're doing a science spot. We don't want to do that. Or there's a little bit of a green. Any hockey in the past years. We go to the backyard. Let's have that on. We said, I mean we will take it today and play tomorrow. And when you say cop out, you're forgetting something very important Mr. What's that? That tomorrow there was a mistake on a schedule. Being the honorable voice out that I am. I said, no, I wasn't going to be waiting. I'm going to be working tomorrow. I'm going to be working tomorrow. I saw the schedule. I said to me, and you were on Friday, June 17th. That's right. And then you would have to work Monday, the 27th. What was that all about? That's what you wrote originally. I understand that. What's maybe I was ever here. You're whatever you're in your argue. That's why I say the sheet this time. I do that every year you make a mistake and then you are you about it. I make a mistake. Yeah. John Madden is having NBC in 2006 and his money that football partner, Al Michael's my join him. My join him out of the prison. Any questions? There. 15 must be for its first broadcast. NBC announced yesterday that it's signed Madden was six year contract to be the English on its Sunday at NFL Package. And NBC sports chairman Dick Eversoll fans to try to lure Michael's after he's been his call in the NBA Final 3BC. Michael's a mental work ABC's finally or Monday at football this fall. Why not? Right? Make sense? Keep them together? Shut up. I mean, I let see. Michael's a B 87 and Madden would be like 114. I'll say that. I can't hear. Hey, it's big news to you as man. Yeah. And our comfort called in yesterday, we had the exclusive. It wasn't one of those funny, baloney. That's some people are peddling on this station if you catch my drink. What? What? What? What, stop chewing soap away? Yeah. And hold it. Friends. Don't worry, come back. Because we're I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl, I'm gonna be a girl I'll be a Yumkin' Mustsh! You know I just kz off with a rash. I just discovered the rash, so you have a bet on here, and Ksee was convicted? Uh, Kenny can't help, can't you? Look at that. No Maybe you wanted her, that's kind of good. Bavaria! Ha, ha, ha. I mean that's only you know cute. I like that one better. Yeah, that's wishful thinking on your Why she there's a whole bit here on it Getting so mighty Going I used to be with my sister now, I am broke, I'm torn to show me more but got enough space I didn't even think I'd been a peanut fair I couldn't be a peanut fair, I couldn't be a peanut fair I couldn't be a peanut fair I couldn't be a peanut fair You were a little kid, I'm not a fan of fear I just beat the phone, I'm a job, I'm a small kid Me too, me too, my vision, I'm too, the faith building I'm a peanut fair, I'm a peanut fair I just saw it here, I said we wish that would have been a mobile plane but I'm not really a fan Karjec from our Fingerster's, baby 9009 votes on the pool, we could have made a thousand of the day judge if we'd have put our heads to it But the women care Yeah, if you have that answer on the pool, who cares? Once your favorite form are gambling, I don't gamble 2017 Blackjack 127, poker 90, slot 69, sports betting 66, the lottery 61 Oh man, horses 42, crafts 40, roulette 32, cockfighting 31 The stock market 22, Russia roulette 21 They're sitting around the table right now passing that piece around Video poker 14, real estate 12, golf 11, golf Hi, 11, stock market 10, stock market 7, they twice, it's got 32 Dog racing 10, you curve 5, spades 4, fobb you couldn't get any online gaming for cut it out Backer rat 2, bridge 2, bidders 1 and finally and finger got one 1800, the jubes, bye bye