and uh... stuff like that or it's his own podcast i thought i was like a big deal why were you see that somebody uh... it's it's on the internet uh... it's on a place where you don't go okay the internet's anyway time jicker writes in the sun sentinel yesterday what a jackass you are time you're such a quizzing man and so obvious too post will manus coverage turns tv into a radio star and a whole day he writes a lot of words and there's really saying it about how the tv people hyperventilate and we didn't have to see them because nobody had any power they had no tv so we didn't have to see him standing out getting blown away in a hurricane but that they did a phenomenal job they worked exhausting shifts for days on and and without radio partners deliver their work the tv people are in shouting at the wind because nobody had tv and about how the radio stations have passed along all this information thanks to tv he doesn't mention the fact that a lot of radio while some of the radio stations who are using us and io d had our own people on the air most of the time except on the day of the hurricane and how we passed along the usual information and it would help a job if you ask me up your time you piece of crap i hope he dies a wicked article up against runover by a mac truck i'd like to see the see him his head put in the middle of the stretch of color and have the whole field runover is head in the middle of the feature race yeah well you're angry at time i am he pisses me off he just and a couple days ago he writes it he never writes anything local anyway but when he does it's just all generic crap he writes a thing about well the annealsons for this market are going to be uh you know they're going to be postponed and whatever because well they're an annealson ratings has nobody had tv even bother writing about the summer radio ratings because he can't be bothered with that stuff and then i find out that muffin ever sent me information in the first place now so between the two of them he knew about the rain so who did time but he didn't write about it i know well so we can't uh make it and all about the press box just just take them over the edge of the press box and shove his ass off the edge of that wind up he did huh it windows a quarter well whatever it's an Gulfstream i don't go to the Gulfstream well make a special trip in fact i'll tell you what get your good buddy role martin is he'll stop over the edge with one hand yeah well this handstand behind his back so else is gone on i i you you won't believe this story Saturday it would buy an on my birthday no less happy birthday by the way thank you so much don't say it's not so happy you know that when it had to be these numbers but anyway so i go early in the morning like i usually do one Saturday and i'm losing and finally i hit a thousand dollars on the line i'm not doing too bad and finally after oh i don't know about five six hours i had three thousand on the line i went to grand not bad right first i cash out and i go to the window to cash my points you know when you use the player card to get points and i cumulative over a long period of time so i 350 bucks coming on my points and then she looks in the computer as she you know scans my card she says oh well we have two gifts for you and here we have your birthday gift uh 25 dollars and i thought but that's pretty chancy last year to give me a hundred bucks in my birthday and she says we have a holiday gift 500 bucks wow 500 bucks and i mean in the scheme of things with the amount that i come to it's not a lot of money but i thought but i sure feel an awfully generous so i walked out of there about three granted to go to my birthday wasn't that sweet what's the holiday again for like you know christmas and new years you know the holiday season who who now is i don't know even they're just dealing guilty maybe it's a Canadian holiday no no a similar to this we're Canadian thing yeah kimsaw sir was already a jewish uh Canadian new year no we had thanks to the an October here already oh well they gave you some of the big thankful for yeah that was nice that was actually pretty nice that's up but it's a nice gesture on your part but doesn't you know speaking of slots i see we're gonna call special session and we're gonna go and the governor says oh well we have to do our duty well gee finally figure that out yeah get lost late yeah where did that come from i guess uh i guess you see all the criticism being leveled at him and the rest of his family and he's decided that he's actually gonna obey the law for a change yeah wouldn't that be an obley yeah well why should he be the only one in his family to do that just doesn't run in the family that's for damage are between the wife and the son and the daughter i should say follow the constant to the brother with his SNL scandals and of course the president would all have blood on his hands right they sure like him a lot in line and murk outside of that if you think they like him a lot of the u.s. how about a lot less and early on as a soccer player who has a sign that's causing the war criminal can ask you a question about how because i didn't watch that much of it but how could the dolphins have been in that game yesterday i mean if they uh the other side made mistakes yeah they uh they were dominated the whole game and they showed up plenty kneel they had a 91 yards drive or they're so superior i mean it's like a joke yeah they would they weren't close to that team and they fact that that land is should have won that game by three touchdowns yeah but they had a bubble on this is team tampa got pummeled yesterday i can't believe that i i believe it but when you when you have the NFL package and you're sitting in your living room with your clicker you know you're trying to try to find a a good game to watch and it's not easy and oh you show me next week schedule horrible bad bad match of so many bad teams and bad game Cleveland and Tennessee all my god it's horrible there's not a good game on the schedule next week wow and then you're telling me that the a Patriots have a chance to win the night is what you said i think they do i think for 80 as a chance to win every time he goes out there what was that i don't know what was that Josh i don't know what was what i am here anything you okay Neil you are a year older yeah i saw that movie gaslight okay with Charles boy A and he would burden when i saw that one yeah who now they can anyway there is not one game next week this word that you would want to watch well i was pretty sad although no one's coming to town yeah that would be ugly i think it'll make predictions on that it won't be like last year when they looked at the game get away out of embarrassment fact that was when they you know just to bring far five radiators it was pathetic and another thing that don't not me this weekend speaking of ready quinn you know i just don't read i just can't fathom with how many how many you and see double a division one teams you think they were already have any idea how many thirty or something like that yeah now how can it be that one team i don't want to say that the catholic said too much influence in america but i can one team have its own network they got uh... tom what's his name they got it does a game sees also boring tom hamman hamdan with a white here uh... tom hamdan they got their own telecast got NBC is the noted in network what kind of comment is bunch of crap is that had it for years i know that what is that all about they sell it screw noted in as long as you're the right as long as there's a catholic chairman of a board someplace they're going to be able to sell a hello those things on by the way speaking of chairman of the board you see the fp and i'll turn into board here at a nice big uh... he had a big home generator there for the hurricane uh... the was paid the third he had his own regenerator that great there's still a lot of people without power here it's amazing seventy six thousand four hundred families as of this morning they said they promised it by the end of the day tomorrow ninety five percent of people have a back up a little they better be working heavy duty the day tomorrow tell you that they're going to do a complex that in all seven hundred that's bad really bad George finally got his back on after being sick as hell for days i think they're i still know some people don't have their power and this business about all know there's nothing wrong with their pools the polls are fine yeah right we got some story on it they had more split polls and writing polls and it's just that they suck at you know we hate you like poison with you all the executive is a peanut we hope you're in the same car crash with time jica that you like that for your tough on time no no honest about time you know it's business is not personal it's starting to get to be both because it's pretty obvious now that he all you got to do is criticize him and right away he goes into a uh... you know into a show like uh... like a turtle i don't like the fact that he doesn't write about anything local anymore maybe that's what the paper wants to do right these tough pieces about every network show that's going to get canceled in five weeks anyway but he doesn't write about the local tv and radio seen nothing i mean absolutely nothing a child could have written this article here about well uh... you know the uh... weather casters and anchors and reporters did this and they thanks to the collaboration of tv and radio was possible any hour to find out where food nicer being dispensed and how long it would be there was never any dot schools and because but official confirmation well you know something we were passing all that information along you and i and uh... the other people on this station and i would be i understand where we yes for a long time and doing a health and good job if you ask me but time can't be bothered with that it's only and again it would be like dignified radio so i guess the only the only the only reason it's good at radio is on a people i transistor radio is in their cars is so that we could put the tv audio on or those portable tv so they could be on the tv audio and stick it where the moon don't like moonshine don't shine or there's portable tv so they could watch the kans game saturday there you go but i was some contest not i'm talking about Barry scolum with the portable tv's you know very who finally admitted that uh... we beat the crap i did a place but wouldn't put the numbers in it would imagine what you're very you're little quizling your little sellout he's a pimp i've said you how much a clock to get how many sent it to get bury on your side i'm thirty cents that's all oh buried that's trones that's trones yeah all right you have a nice day you too i got out of my sister by the way when you see time give a big kiss on the lips for me i'm gonna shove them through the window it called her yeah shover right to the day and then press box okay sounds like a good idea all right come through the bomb savage memorial window who can't believe bombs no longer with us yeah like bomb good guy yeah he was very nice to me i always say that it was a good guy and he was a good guy he was about two feet tall days a good guy and he made and the funny part of it do you ever meet his wife is yet a wife yeah she was about like seven feet tall yeah especially when she stood on a lot of money she had the all brother she was loaded nice god bobby and then uh... horse racing heaven somewhere right well have a great thing all right i'll see you austamaniana and to you i went to yawf and straining camp i has the excitement who will it be well it be a j will it be sage here's what makes sense to me just for a for a for a starting to be i think we'll have it for a week or two dollars for a r no just to wait and see no i saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream i saw him from the he dropped the ball it made me want to scream got us for a ride in town you've heard whatever it is you need your offense has gone to sing with the rock for a ride he can't score two days no just for a ride he got absolutely if you play for a ride you will be sorry they're sorry i'll write their uh got their heads in their uh asked today well so i'll see just a ball game without the other important things that people have to worry about like in their lives back together again who cares about some stupid asked ball game right what evidently a lot of people must be your chilly is there from how he stands there we're just back today taking out i need another ball full i thought you're gonna order two bowls Josh i mean two each he missed all that competes and uh spaghetti that Josh had on um what it worked out was that Thursday Thursday i don't think if Thursday was a big day that we made the piece offering to mow and mow said mow said no no thank you no thank you you couldn't take a piece they didn't take a piece he said the dooy and go away i mean he was yeah i guess he was civil what about it? no big uh similar one i'm just the beast would have taken him in there which was my first suggestion that would have been a bad idea he was right about that that would not have been a cool move to send the beast in there where they peats pizza piece offering not good anyway thanks to uh uh how reason thanks to our good buddy what's his name well whatever it uh Brad the Tony's got a brain fart because it's so pissed off it's time to come so it's hard to you Toma so tired the fact that they give you a column every day or whenever they have you show up to do it you know when he's talking about season the dark like a lot of other people when they you were you're in the dark all right sweetheart with your transistor sister you know we we're gonna just i probably that's what we should have done we should have just said oh well guess well let's just open up the pot we can never give all the information about especially with Neela out of touch with what's going on here local like Tom always says let's just open the pot and put the tbs for it's on there right i mean how do we compete with that great information anyway yeah so when you know i hear them patting each other under back oh i can about congratulate each other for the great job they're doing and we're doing better than anybody else and this is an exclusive and whatever you know you're stuck in bed stuck watching it because you got no cable and that's all you see channel after channel we're so great we were here we were the first we were and that's it hour after hour that right screw all of them okay that's my you know and yeah and he does pull an out and rightfully so that who now wants to see these idiots standing out so you're gonna get blown away and fill the middle of some storm you to show us hey look how tough we are how brave we are now i think that we're looking for a stupid that's how stupid you are okay if you just stood inside the window and we could see behind it when blowing you know the trains falling down we get the message without you standing out there making a jackass out of yourself except of course for Rob Marciana when when blows a shirt open in his pants half off but other than that oh speaking of again blown the bits we got another dead soldier a marine was killed on an surgeon and bush Sunday when his patrol ready to the house in who siaaba who saiba who saiba Iraq near the Syrian border 246 dead American troops so far but who's counting right obviously we thought when it got to 2000 there were a couple of protests and they had a big protest in LA and they got no covered even the LA times and they had a shut some of the streets in the city down and the no coverage nobody cares about that but we do see that the president is laying a wreath of the American cemetery in Panama sorry they contributed to that very important of course he's getting welcomed very enthusiastic we all over Latin America they just love him like crazy other parties they were throwing it is on her oh yeah and that must be what they was a festival and he's a little bit big-for-all time must be what that was oh yeah yeah hit him like poison and they made it very clear by the way they don't hit the American people it's kind of like what I hear in Canada all the time it's not the American people we eat it's your government it's bush bush bush 10 13 and 5 60 w q a m happy money November 7 my birthday went fine could let nicest rib from woodbun it was a nice episode no no problem no stress like that I want to thank Eric by the way for the nice birthday gift on Friday that band with the invoice that was a nice touch here he put it in the yard and by the way to check somebody in the media he's with a card the check is in the media you can't slow both at the lord even loves neorotters in that power company oh you put the utility in utility lard of paradise in life there isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you when a storm threatened we can't help on food it's our power off all before it gets here we've been the rest of us who marvel at the blue cloud exploding transports we're buying us a historical perspective of 1957's technology entered the moist team of tropical darkness where we can eat calories in our radios drug past your latest rest release or self-law idea that says your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border and they're questioning everyone's mind is on so as we search for the appropriate answer to how many of the elements it proves does it take the change of life old learn and power nights in life this birds for you you next power company with George M. Shawwatsa thank all his post personal friends in Florida Plunder Reload for a getting him back on so fast yesterday five o'clock five thirty five thirty five thirty five thirty men right you guys in the end we're talking about the management types not those poor guys that are up around out there outside we're talking about the people who make the decisions in rely a lot you're talking about that with the mansion and the upright generator you know the deal of it all get installed for him i'll get that but i got a very important story here this may be the more the only thing we need to have just read this over and over again today Tampa I don't tell me that the uh bucks got uh pound of yesterday dry okay i think the bigger story is the two cheerleaders of Carolina that's where i got right here we'll go for speaking of pounding two care a lot of panther cheerleaders spent the night in jail after a rough night in channel side the panthers were in town to play the bucks yesterday afternoon and the bucks and just crushed the bucks the bucks rhymes with sucks when does this say angelic keyfully in renait Thomas were gazed in some type of sexual activity oh my god inside of bathroom stall at banana jose around two twenty Sunday morning another woman waiting to use the bathroom got into an argument with the pair she was getting really tired of waiting out there she was like dancing from one toe to the other toe police say Thomas passed the woman in the face when Thomas was erected to be a police name of another panther cheerleader did you see the pictures of these two no not a blonde idea uh huh i did the blonde is so so but the brunette man she's got a face that even her mother could hate i have never seen such an ugly bitch that's a that's a cheerleader for Carolina when you throw a little makeup on her you know she got a throw a bag on her head she's still a span no it doesn't I don't know my teens that north or south Carolina south oh say the all right i make sense north where the hell did they take Carolina i actually don't know i look rolly no it's definitely north okay i think Thomas could face additional charges for lying to police once they confirm identity keyfully which charges with the surley conduct obstructing reposing an officer real Thomas to research with one kind of battery the two women were taken to Hillsborough County jail when they both bonded out yesterday morning how do you like this carolina nothing could be fine uh then to put shot a carolina cheerleader especially they look like that one oh god she is so you have no idea now let me read that one sentence again it says the two were engaged in some type gay of sexual activity inside a bathroom stall for an individual said there was anybody else in there with them okay so that doesn't leave too much j possibly right right well what does that all of our gay cheer leaders all of Jesus we got a movie of our gay cowboys now we got gay cheer leaders in tamponoless what are we'll be next why that that could be a so in channel the gay cheerleader channel yeah i don't i wouldn't need any other do we does Sally please Brian and poppin obieces what about the challenges explosion for today's police talking about that's you go on the challenges explosion the thing i remember most about the challenges explosion i do remember when i was there i'll get to today's pool eventually but uh over and over about 45 million times we've seen the picture of the naturally because the network's habits of that to keep showing and and they show them mother you know they had him looking the bleachers the crowd there he was a kid the was a capenaver well whatever the hell it is and the mothers like she'll realize looking up into the bright sun and like uh i something's that right i like is that the way it's supposed to be you know like uh she's got that look on her face like i don't think it's all so good yeah too much smoke and mirrors and out enough uh whatever very bad that was the woman like ragging said well that was the woman the school teacher huh haha haha i forgot his name but then again he kept her in his own name too that's the woman the school teacher right the one that they had a rush up there to make make sure that they had the successful uh completion of the tour it's for the inauguration speech didn't work out too good 15666 votes on the pole over the weekend we apologize for the fact we had no new uh stories on it this weekend but i said today afternoon i realized that uh i'll take the full blame it should have been me getting a whole of the air can say oh jack doesn't have any internet so okay and so i should have told the air can an air could and you know what i thought school we'll take the weekend off scour everybody and then when we did what you'll be having to know that i'm back so all right you are brutal man you're just brutal you're unbelievable Josh's back he's got the internet all right let's hear it i just i really i just didn't care anymore you know i just gave up i thought this is an omen it means the weekend it's my birthday anyway let's just take the weekend off everybody else took a lot of time off look at George for crisis he took off Wednesday and Thursday and Friday for crying out loud well Thursday and Friday anyway was it only Thursday and Friday yeah seemed like forever yeah yesterday when Miguel was in there arguing about lufus in the body wash which by the way yes he came in this morning and told me that uh he used his wife's pink one that just happened to be in there his wife's pink one yeah yeah i thought about the lufus he said he could uh he felt like he was robbing the masculinity off of him it does well i shouldn't have taken very long in his case what i see what i mean i thought there's a Cuban thing man it's a Cuban thing i found it was Cubans a jagged piece of debris from the hurricane wreckage and i i soaked that up and i use that at the fairing and like yeah i think it's a rock it's a piece of cinder block i'm not sure what it is it's a piece of pumice it's like washing it's like washing it's like a lot of the jagged it's got three years and i have a so point on it it's a you what he for all that he was washing the mask you literally off of himself who are you kidding man Miguel you're fair oh god i'm not i'm not gonna waste any more of the audience is valuable time trying to sell you on if you want to use it fine if not be my guest all i'm telling you's your you're wasted about 90% of the body wash you're just pitching it down the drain in addition which like i told you in friday your hand is smooth you're never gonna like uh really a complicating it's like you're shmoering it all over yourself but you're not really accomplishing anything you're not scraped it away those the only thing he's washing off is the dead scales of on his skin all over his body but don't confuse them with the fact okay militant spick by the way yes charlet is where they play the uh Carolina panties that's what charlet i make sense because that's like a real little the biggest city there that's why i'm understanding would like to care a lot of care a lot of hery teens which you got a hell of a team by the way they got a great team and they could air extra and i want to talk hockey but and they play it rawly first they started in greensboro which was a joke and how they play in rawly and they still as as good as they are they still don't draw flies the NHL wants to start getting smart just eliminate 10 teams right now and i'll tell you which ones florida panties of course no question about it and the a Carolina hurry kines and Atlanta trashers and the anaheim not so mighty ducks and anyway don't talk that crap what's the best product you discovered the past couple years we asked on friday 1566 so it's online backing came from nowhere in past everybody 249 the internet's 347 which is amazing to me that there are that many people out there who are that slow that the last couple years they cut on the internet but then we always got we got the huffer you don't think it's never too late for him tvo 213 body wash which seemed to be having an early league just kind of sag later on they didn't want to wash the masculine the off their bodies 149 is that what he really said yes i i'm not messing around he was in here this morning saying he felt like he was washing the masculine he well first of all nobody told to me he's a pink one even though mine happens to be pink and that's because it was only says his wife says pink and it just happened to be there so he picked it up yeah tried it and i just told you what he said and that was the only that was the only reaction he had that's what he had was washing the masculine the off and so what a pansy man you're such a pansy Miguel pansy god i feel so much more macho now compared to him what is this thing what it means somebody brought up the keys had a different power company and this is all about it with the old-year service is a public all count gets a bad just relax that's yet somebody factored on that wanted the confirmation or Friday we never heard any more about it anyway let's see the by wash 149 dmed porn 145 portable generators 91 ipod 60 toilet a pre-as hybrid 60 cognizant banana not ice cream 40 don't start i'm but i'm telling him i'm begging to those dirt chainsaw 36 new Virginia 34 kind of that great stuff man oh oh oh oh the flavor wave of an old-year only 17 just tragic 17 i think it's a kitchen appliance and we have all these guys in the audience all that's right for you out about that Xbox line 15 and PSP 10 which i don't even know what it looks PSP uh PlayStation portable all that's the way out of my line 10 oh you overgrown children out there right right well well that's where it is yeah we got a lot of overgrown children's out there and some there's like better play with guns yeah 10 27 by the way if you see any of the executives from floor to plunder below keep in mind that october first law i'm not suggesting you do anything you understand but just keep in mind american residential lending months to make your life a lot easier with over 22 years experience a rl offers custom loan programs at feature situation whether it's the wife nagging you remodel the kitchen you're just looking to put a pool in the backyard or maybe you want to wipe out mountains and mountains of credit card debt american residential can help you get it done call nelson you're corah at american residential lending they've got more than two decades experience in a mortgage business in access to more than 100 wholesale lenders a rl can culture of curtain mortgage payment up to 500 bucks a month handling refinance you generate some quick cash for you or even to a home equity loan and they do it with personalized service and a program that is made specifically for you plus when you close the close alone with these folks to give you a free seven day care being cruise up to celebrate how can you beat that so call american residential lending two days toll free call one eight six six mourou a rl that's one eight six six six six eight thirty two seventy five one you'll cover your income that old meal for the call one eight six six six six six eight thirty two seventy five this is Jeanne Mother honey it was just in the You are horrible, so right, right, let's say, that's what you're doing. Why are you betting Allen? 6,000 ohms. I call you anyways, because I am now, right, James. I don't care who you are, you fairer. Now, how much? 6,000 thousands. It's an awful lot of money. What are you going to do about it? You fairer. Oh, Tom, what are you got, Jack? I can't believe I have anything to do with that. You just cost me 6,000 ohms. And one count. Yeah, I can't believe I have nothing to do with that. What do you mean? Oh, this is a sense of excitement. You've been expect from low budget, dumb-down television. Right, this viewer here. That was funny. Oh, God, I worked with, uh, become Russian Jellow in a chair. With celebrity poker on ESP2. 1032 at 5.60 WCM. We got the molemyster, Mohour Day. We got a little bit of a pristine schedule today. Mow from 2 to 4 is your managed, mad dog at 4 to 7. A courtesy of incident 7 to 10. Thank God, Ed Caplin 10 to 2. No games, no passage. No nothing. Pancers, by the way, got a new deal. It lives every day. Seems to be the new format. They lose every day. Pancers and arrangers is the macaroon on Wednesday. That game is on. You know, we never did through all of these days and all this stuff that went on. This is what really is frustrating to me. And of course, we are important TV people like the people of 4.67 and 10 times. So, best probably what we didn't get the information. You just need to come to terms with that. I think that's the best way. I mean, who the hell are we? But information about places like the macaroon. We heard that it got some damage. But that was it. We didn't really get any details. I've been begging to find out where the damage was. It was a pump and a park, whether it was the towed board, the track, the grandstand, something. And we can't get no information. You know, I drive by it because I live right there. And it looked like they were open. It looked like what was open. Pop it on park. What time was this? What day are you talking about? This was, uh, I want to say Saturday, Saturday like it about new niche. Well, they might have been open for a simultaneous thing because if the towed didn't get damaged, you'd that's what it would be nice to find out. But of course, for a straight straight, if it doesn't want to go the extra five inches to find out for me, our ourselves department man, take them in the engineering, put the two of them together, put them in a pot, and then the cook them like chili, without the beans. Or throw in some kidney beans. Because I get pains in the kidneys just from taking it about it. I just take it in the information because that would be carved a little bit too much every. You know, they make one call to you, get a response and that's the end of that. And then it's back to like grab ass in the tea room. Like those cheerleaders in Tampa. So what kind of sexual activity do you think they were involved in there? Get all of them. They've only spent hours speculating. Yeah. And if you, if you saw that one, the brune, that you would not want to spend seconds speculating. You'd be puke and your guts out. Well, she could be a little bit. Oh, please gag me with a spoon. She makes me look like Brad Pitt. That's how she's growtask on a shnaz from a hell. And she's a cheerleader. Well, I guess in North Carolina, they probably haven't got all I much to choose from. Evidently, nothing could be fine at it. I mean, a cheerleader in Carolina, having gay sex and a tea room at the banana bar in Tampa. The story didn't say if there was anybody else in nursing. Because I'm assuming that with each other. So, well, what is that? Here's the FPL numbers as a six o'clock this morning. Do they do it a hell of a job? No. No. You know, it's interesting to me. The people are got their power back. We'll quick those at one of those things. Well, I think they did pretty good. Yeah, right. Of course you do because you got your spec like the day after the hurricane. You idiot. I like their president who's got the really fancy dinner. Now I'll get to him after I cover that time. Well, I got a lot of stuff today. Well, first let me do the pool. Our pool today. Which of these things stands out most in your memory? Where were you when and hear the choices? Well, in fact, I'll read the result. How you like that? That's even better. Where were you when? The nine-level attack took place. 178. I was sitting right there when Georgia is a seat right now. I was sitting right in that chair. It was my second day back after vacation. And I sat in that chair and all of a sudden somebody comes in. Oh, the world trailer playing ran the way. And we're going to turn out the TV. And of course, Gildi's on the, man, I'm at with the worst team. And we continued for one solid hour. And that has got to be the most embarrassing hour in the history of broadcasting in the USA, or maybe in the world. And when later questioned about how come they didn't just put on the TV or how can we didn't do some change in programming and go to network coverage. That's the time to put the TV on for quite a while, little Tommy. That's the time. And Gildi said, well, what can we say about it? And we got to talk sports. I'll come up for a week. We say about it. What a quiz, man. We're a little poor. But he's doing a fine job on those Panther broadcasts. 409 votes. Which of these things stands out most in your memory? Where were you when? The nine-level attack took place 180. When you first got laid, one-sixteen. When JFK was shot, 77, that was my vote. I was at work at Midtown Records in Rochester, New York, in my daytime job. I was working nights in the Batavia WBTA, and daytime records. Two jobs. How do you like that? What was I at? A lot of maneuvering. And I left work early and I drove to a work early to see what I could do and not much. Perkian Andrews struck Florida 25. I remember that. Who were at WI-Old D? Who also, by the way, I'm sure going to find job. We're giving very important information out during last couple of weeks since the hurricane. But don't confuse Tommy with that. No way. When the child were exploded five, when Bill Clinton was in Pete's four, when Bobby Kennedy was shot too. When the 75 bullets that are still stuck in the pancreas wall. A Ronald Reagan was shot and Martin Luther King was shot of both got the big. Oh, what is that all about, huh? When a small potato's well-regard recovered. So I guess it's not that big of a deal. And we got away from the dark folks from Martin Luther King. Now that we had all this history about Rosa Parks, which I'm not minimizing Rosa Parks. In fact, did you hear what, what tell they wasn't? The mole mice did just went off on Rosa Parks and not a much of most black people. Loady that I know who that was she is. And I'm a buy, you know? Huh? And then yeah, more so I'm black still know who that is. He said, and he's just so out of touch, you know. He's still bad out of shame about that piece. He's told. I heard a rumor that there's some audio that I haven't heard yet. You know, you're not going to hear it on this year. We're not going to play that again. You listen to it, man. Listen to what you're spirit time. No chance. I'm telling you between you and your cohort and your biggest alumni. I'm going to sit on here. There's some other old John provocateurs too. Keep provoking, provoking. Every time we try to make a nice little piece offering there on Thursday. It was not accepted. No, thank you. But nevertheless, you know, everybody needs to get along, but it's just never, never ends because you people keep stirring this pot during the five George keeps smoking it. They keep stirring it. They can out the seeds and the weeds from the Greg Reeds. Here's the 6A numbers. It's not a pretty picture. I'll tell you that. I mean, it's better than it was. 176,400 people are families are still out households without power and Florida. And all of them, let me say it again. All of them are in Broward, David and Palm Beach County in that order. A mere 767 Palm Beach. They sure did a hell of a lot better job in Palm Beach, I'll tell you. That's probably because all the people in Palm Beach there with a money and a probably made it an offer they couldn't refuse. 62,100 out in Dave County, which isn't to bet. But 106,700 still not restored and Broward. What does that all about? Bobby Broward keeps taking a shot on the old recto. Tell me. Which is good. That is just pathetic. 116,700. And these are the people of promised that 95% would be restored by the end of the day tomorrow. I know if I'm number eight. So we'll see. Okay. In fact, I'm thinking that if they don't get everybody restored by the end of the business day by five or clock tomorrow afternoon, FPL should give everybody free power to rest of the year for all next year. For 2006. Another good idea? Excellent. Now, where's that thing you just said me about keys? The keys? Keys energy services is a public power utility owned and operated by the citizens of key west. We'll good for them. I knew they had something besides a bunch of drag queens down there. Oh, now what ever happened with fantasy fat? Uh, he's energy services provides an essential service at reasonable rates, design and make the scratch on leads of our community. Public power system like these energy service are nonprofit. It says they're only missionists to provide you with reliable electric service at reasonable rates. What a concept. There are no dividends to pay the out of state stockholders. What an even wider concept. All the benefits of our locally controlled electric utility remain here in the community. A utility board elected by the people of key west decides how to operate keys energy services. Local control gives everyone to say in how our utility can best meet our community needs. Community ownership of electric service guarantees local people working together to be local needs such as energy conservation, environmental concerns, economic development, other services of local government. How do you like that? By the way, something. The house in North Carolina is serviced by a very similar kind of an outfit blue, rich electric membership corporation, a customer owned out fifth kind of a thing and great and the rates are low and. And the only problem is being out real hard to meet here. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Five. One. I'm going to go to the toilet, I'm going to go inside. The toilet is cold, God will send 7. I'm going to go inside. I'm going to go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go to a where we compare things that I went to. Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go up the toilet. Go to totally divided and register alternatives to the right and correct. Go to the restroom. Go. Go out forACH. Go from there. Go back to your mother that is right there. Go back. Go to the toilet. Go in the restroom. Go up the toilet. Go in and go to the toilet. Right. close until further notice. According to the health department, okay, the beach at Northease 16th in Pompano Beach. And what a shame because you guys were gonna go there right after the show today too. Or, David. Damn it. Okay, here's that time, Jika comics. Excuse me for rambling on, but I got a lot of crap. I want to get off my test before I get back there, you know. Uh, all of this does tie in. Post will menuse coverage, turns TV into a radio star. It's a little Tommy Jika. Hey, Tom, don't you think it's about time you go on with Mr. Eagle again and rip me an ass and talk about a crap on its station. It's got no audience. Probably a good idea. And we can go find Sandy Payton somewhere. She's probably a Sandy Payton manning. Also, anyway, Sandy Payton manning. And what's the guy's name that Renee Zilberg or Dump? Oh, Kenny Chessenie. That's the rumor is that's a flinder mound all over. Oh, I tab hunter finally after all the years, wrote a book and said, guess what? I was a. Yeah. After vehemently denying it, when the stories first came out about him and Anthony Perkins, said, right, are you some kind of a psycho? And at any rate, so now the tabloids finally out of them here sometime. And we decided, in my as well, exploit it and write a book like everybody else you wrote a book. Guess what? I was. You're fair. Yeah. That's something. Of course, you don't even know who Tam Hunter was. I do. He's that guy. Yeah. He's a pretty face. He sure could say and couldn't make it. Oh, no. In fact, Sunny James should have had him killed. Sunny James had a big hit a young love on Capitol Records, young love. Remember that record? Well, you've heard it. Yes. Josh hasn't heard it, but you've heard it. Well, anyway, Tam hunter covered it on dot records with a blanket and also had a big hit. He's saying, Ellic, he's saying kind of like David's soul only worse. Remember David's soul? Yeah. That record you put out. What's that was a name of that song? That's probably in the timeline collection. Don't give up on us. Don't give Drafond, Matt Baby. That's something like that. Don't give Rafa my baby. Maybe. So David's soul, man. There's another guy. He fits your son. Oh, no. And you've got to be kidding me. Where'd that come from? I pulled it out of my ass. Of course, you're Mustang. What's where? Where do you keep your copy? Yeah. Oh, good job. I gave up on it. There are a time jicker rights dining by candlelight is vastly overrated. There ought to be consensus on that by now. Watching television on the radio is no bargain either, although it was a lifeline for the past couple of weeks. See, I'm seriously, this bothers me a lot. I don't need anybody to kiss my ass, but once in a while it would be nice for not just me, but for those of us who worked our ass off to, I got the internet's here. I got the cable going. I volunteered even to work on the day of the hurricane on Monday. It would be nice to get a little bit of a pat on the back and credit for doing a hell of a job. You sucked time, you're an idiot. It was the lifeline for the last couple of weeks. Well, I got news for it. There were a lot of people last couple of weeks, so we're actually on the radio to radio stations that weren't just on the opening up a pot and putting on TV audio, okay, which is the lazy way out. I realized some stations had no choice because technically they couldn't get on the air. They couldn't whatever the deal was, right? Right. We'll give them a little bit of slack. Not too much. Do it. Sure, it's just about anybody could. If we can get on the air. Out across the street, though. Tom writes, there's a certain poetic justice in the fact that, while local TV news was doing some of its finest work almost no one was able to see it. Sub-George, he had his rabid ears. The meeting that unfailingly ops for his sizzle oversubsons had a resort to the basics of reporting instead of relying on alluring visuals, in so doing broadcasters shown, and the meeting fulfilled its public service mandate and weighed rarely does during less stressful times. You're ought to be less than there, but it'll go unwurned. Weather transfers. Thank you. Weather cashers, anchors, and reporters worked exhausting shifts for days on end, but in essence they were radio stars. Without radio partners to deliver their work to TV people would have been shouting in the wind. Farting into a wind storm as I think what you mean, Tom? Speaking of what day anybody missed the customer of a Titan and a reporter standing on windy beaches telling us this was no place to be during a hurricane? The correspondence were there, the blackout spared most of us the reckless spectacle. It'll take a needle as death and subsequent budget choking lawsuit for this irresponsible exercise to be abandoned. Thanks to the collaboration of TV and radio it was possible at any hour to find out where food and ice are being dispensed and the last how long the way would be. There was never any doubt schools would be closed, but official confirmation as well as the duration of the unscathed will recess was essential information. So we're depressing updates in how long we'd be sitting in the Darfurst in the way of battery powered radio if you could hear it over the dinner the neighbors generators. If a political leader or stormry coverage expert was holding a press conference, there were a few moments when somebody wasn't TV on radio was there. The reporters could have been more aggressive and not accepting a face value every self-serving word, but there would be plenty of time from investigating reporting and blame placing in the coming weeks. Right little Tommy. The post will not reporting with soap praiseworthy was enough to make you forget about the usual pre-huracking overkill. Will McCrash do worse two Mondays ago that you're kind of a little hysteria started when the previous two day Labor Day? Brian or Crosse's great when a storm strikes and a run-up becomes office in alarmist attention seeker. He isn't the only one, but it seems as if his bosses are too intimidated by his reputation to tell him enough is enough. And it seems Tommy does not want to write anybody else's name in his story other than Little Brian or Crosse. It was mad thing to have programs that erupted or preempted entirely for hurricane preparedness tips almost a week before there would be any jeopardy. In the wake of this record somewhere storm is this was like telling the Pope ought to prepare for mass. Given the expanded newscast about today, a brief top of the hour advisory or bottom of the screen crawl, what a suffice in prime time until the storm was within 24 hours of landfall. There was tacit acknowledgement with this when they took a track and says he's disparate in housewives in the world series when on a schedule even as the first wins a well lower being felt. There's been no report lost to life because viewers opted for entertainment over more of the sky-spawning warnings they've been subjected to for a week. You see, I happen to disagree with that because this is a long case when they should have been told and we were telling them, prepare, this is the one you ought to be prepared for. And we tell them that? Yeah. Go out and get your plywood and your viscween and your lumber and your water and your crap and your batteries and the jitter would have. Nevertheless, says Tommy, if there is another hurricane warning next week the TV station will move all again. Steven Colbert will put his finger on the syndrome on opening that of his new Comedy Central program, playing a phone news anchor he and tone if you're not scared we're not doing our job. Local news in South Florida never falls down on this job says Tommy. Why is there only local news that isn't that the job of the mass media too? I can see it and we have another terrorist alert. Well my God. Yeah. And look at that deadly tornadoes with this is limbo on there right now. Oh, great. But deadly tornadoes in Indiana. And her bird county. I told you, no kidding, Indiana, didn't I? Right. Although I hear that the hardening tailors is in the end of lunch. That's what he said. We still don't have a cable here so I'll just take your word for it. We still have no cable there. What I don't say anything about that. Well, although Josh came perilously close on Friday to a committee is matter of fact we came perilously close to a lot of problems on Friday between Josh and Miguel. Papa, papa, hold deal. Yeah. Oh, you should have answered and heard him go crazy because I hear them and they're on the ear and I can't make it with their same thing. Oh, thank the Lord. Thank goodness for that. But they're in, you know, the one thing about Miguel because it's the same thing with that's another reason. But I'm not doing more shows down there because I'm sitting in the my studio there and during the show, forget about during the break during the show, Miguel comes in and plants himself down and he endured her. Have an animated argument about them. Papa, papa, papa, papa, you know, probably an espioniel and I'm sitting there watching this. Realizing that nobody's paying any attention to what I'm saying or the fact that I'm even still breathing that I can probably croak and flopped right over in the chair and they wouldn't even notice it for like one minute. It's going to pop out in love then. What's the way? Wait, this is all going in the ear. And of course, the finally muff I guess came running and they're saying, hey, you jackasses, you fool you clowns, you, uh, yeah, talk about the popcorn, the kettle pink and then finally they shut the pan and the meantime, I'm yelling on the inner comment that I find out that nobody can hear that I'm in a calm years for good about will my years with been screaming about the ineptitude of the technical crap and that studio. The studio I got right here, I guarantee I bet you dimes the donuts. I'll bet you Maddie Bell and fat boys life on a studio puts that student in the shame to shame. And you want to know why? There's only I use this studio and other, no other creeps come in here and start potting with stuff. The only thing I could say is we have a nicer chair here. No, I got the same chair. Okay. Then I put together myself. Ooh, I feel like that. Old queen like me wouldn't have. And in fact, I think it's maybe time for new one. If you have a better call up office depot and give me a nice new chair. Am I expensive for a depot? Anyway, we got a story here that I'll get to customers say FPL failed or backed on utility pull complaints. The commission came out with a story about how they were. You pulled were like crap. Oh, well, no, that isn't true and it's a bunch of lies. You lie. Your lie is a sort of plunderer. Lou, okay, you're a bunch of lieers. We hate to like poison you lie like crazy. And we've got all kinds of evidence right here from loads of people. Tell us about pulls that were rotting. Rotten to the court. That should be their motto. You know, we're FPL. The plunderer would run to the court. Would you like that? It's got a good nice ring to it. A run to the court. And you still don't have cable there in the studio. No. That's right. That muffins on is on it right now. This is real Roger. This is 5. 16, 2, 1. This is the real Roger show. This is the brain. Do do do do do do do. Any question. Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? Can you hear the name? This marketplace is so pathetic. It does make it if it's all about personalities. If you rub somebody the wrong way. If you had a 90 shear, they wouldn't put it in the paper. It's just the way it is. It's just like what it was with a hero. And it's the same with Tom Jikker with or without your help or without any kind of publicity. We'll still succeed very well. Thank you. We're still kicking ass. Without any assistance from you. And he doesn't mention anything else about anybody to have Brian or Cross. If there's anybody in there who doesn't need any publicity, it's a little Brian or Cross. How about talking about the people that worked their ass off at all of these stations to keep the things on here so that we could pass along the information whether it was from the TV station or our own people or off the internet or off a C&N, the serving on news where we were getting it from? Just another bunch of words on a page. Jikker take a five-year-old child and pay to kid a lot less. I'm sure the pay a little Tommy and give the same result. Just crap. And that's pretty profound again about the hyperventilating of weather temperatures on there. That's first time I've heard about that, isn't it? Yeah, there's a video set before. It's very profound stuff. Customer say FPL failed to act on utility pool complaints in Tamarack. A woman complained for years to Florida Plunder and Lute about a decay utility pool. One so decrepit that a tree was growing out of it. The company never replaced it and the polisher and I've snapped in her came woman leading with our electricity for 11 days. And they liked that. A tree so decrepit that a tree was growing out of it. And my host point, frustrated by years of power outages, the mayor, heighter, consultant, earlier this year found 27 poles in need of repair. Many of those poles are even more damaged after the sugar cane season the cities may have saved. And the croissant park section for a lot of detail. What does croissant park? I don't know. Sounds like a frog place to make. A couple of warned FPL last year about a hollowed out pole, so riddled with woodpecker holes. The cable and telephone workers refused to climb it. It too went down on the storm. I wonder what are landstinks about that? I wonder what my landstinks about, huh? My mind. We reported this so exactly what happened wouldn't happen. Said, then he'd be the avi. You stand next to the broken wooden shaft behind her house in croissant park. The broken wooden shaft. That's what drives me crazy. She says, my poles rotten. We report the poles rotten and it goes down. And I got news for a man. There are a few things worse in life than when your pole is rotten. Throughout South Florida, such stories are poorly maintained utility poles in FPL stated to be spotted being told by angry residents, frustrated pissed off and fired up by days and days and days and days of power outages. They think could have been avoided if the company had paid attention to their complaints. You bastards, you quiz-like, you liars. That's the thing about me. They lie like hell. As the cross south Florida October 24, Hurricane Wilma's footer top of an estimated 7 to 10,000 utility poles, contributing to power outages that led more than 98% of the region in the dark. Almost two weeks later, there were still 341 south Florida customers without powers a Saturday afternoon. What is this story from Saturday? What we got there down to 176. They're really doing a heck of a job. Company executive said that we're surprised by the amount of damage to poles, but a July report by the Florida Public Service Commission that I've put about last week at war that FPL's program for inspecting distribution poles was in adequate, unacceptable. It said the company's contractive performed inspections at such a slow rate that would take 60 years to reach all the poles in the system. 60 freaking years would all be pushing up days these by the time they got around to your pole. The reports that FPL's inspection system would allow weakened and rotten poles to remain in service until basically it is spelled down I guess. And they did. Florida has no laws requiring that utility poles would be regularly inspected, so Kevin Bloom, spokesman of the Commission, in contrast, California's established regular inspection cycles and record keeping requirements for a selector utility company that include checking wooden poles in the state's urban area. As most wooden poles must be visually inspected once a year. That's in California. Not a Florida. FPL defended its pole inspection policy on Friday rejecting suggestion that it's maintenance is deficient. A forensic team examining poles that fell during well-missed found that many of those poles show no signs of deterioration said FPL spokesman, Michael Villafana. Our maintenance program is year round, he said. We've invested more than a billion dollars a load of it hence the distribution infrastructure since 1998. Right. The company said Friday it couldn't research these specific complaints that the Sun Sentinel examined. The company said that once company analyzes the damage caused by a little review of its procedures, if warranted. If warranted, my ass! If warranted, how do you like that? Nice. In the past, will the fund instead problems with poles play just as we know about that? State Senator Skip Campbell of Tamarack, who district office has been close for almost two weeks because it doesn't have no power, call for an investigation. The FPL's pole failure is made with a legislature or the Public Service Commission. You go, Skip. We need answers just to why somebody pulls went down. He said, we're going to have to investigate. This is looking how they document inspections. As the debate over the company's pole maintenance continues, the financial stakes are high. At some point FPL's expected to go before the PSC to see customer search charges to pay for damage from hurricane Wilma. Unless FPL comes up with stunning and a compelling explanation that answers these concerns, we're going to explore the benefits that Harold McLean, the State's Public Council, who represents consumers and utility matters, and one of his kind of Doug McLean. This is not an issue. We're going to ignore it, so matter of getting our arms around it and seeing how widespread of a problem is. Maybe that's what they were doing that T-Rome with the banana job for joint, banana Joe's. Get their arms around it. If the Commission holds hearings on compensation, it's likely that your customers tell a ignored complaints and inadequate repairs, and a retirement committee in the Eastern Tamarack, where many get around on motorized scooters, allay. Residents say they have complained to FPL for years about swaying utility poles behind their houses. It was kind of like Sammy K. It was swinging and swaying with Sammy King. They kept jerking me around for one customer service and I was saying, Ray, O'Neigh, the Northwest 47th Street, who said he seemed to pull swing back in four several feet in moderate wins. Every time I called, they said, we got to report. The company finally said it could be said, but it just popped up the polvene height as fast with a few pieces of wood. The hurricane blew down that pole on with your spiel. There's a lot of the same line. The pole had broken at the base when the wood had visibly thin. Oh, but they were profited up, though. I didn't like that. How about some props for FPL? What do you say? Oh, hey there. Oh, God. How's that pull coming? 514 votes on our pole? We do have a whole bunch in the bedtime stories of there. Again, Josh and Eric went to apologize for their slack off and incident weekend but Josh had no internet and Eric had a lot of bothered with. Well, I don't want to keep emailing him and then calling him actually and like speaking him on a weekend of my birthday, especially after he sent me that invoice for that stupid gun. Couldn't he have waited till the day you think? Yeah, well, wait when he knows the check is on away right away, which it is. That's so. 514 votes, which of these things said, I'm most in your memory? Where were you when? The 911 attack took place to the 19. We never did this pole, by the way. And this is not when I saw him. I came up with this out of my own nimble mind. I would like that. Pull the red out of your ease. Right out of my ass. The 911 attack took place to 19. You first got laid 140. JFK was shot 98. Hurricane Andrews took Florida. That's God. God, third man. Now let's see, when Hurricane Andrews stuck at I would need him. We just opened up the button, put the network news on. Oh, no. I'm sorry. Seriously, Tom took his anti-Christ. I guarantee you on that bald head, there's a 666. The Chandra exploded 20. Bill Clinton was impeached five. That nasty stain on the blue breast. Bobby Kennedy was shot too. Ronnie Reagan and Martin Luther King shot got the big. Oh, so far. How you like that? Are they like, I mean, Reagan, I can understand. Well, for several reasons, but Martin Luther King, what's that all about? I guess the Dark Force don't have their power back. Maybe they're all at once. They don't have the power back. I'm 176,000 Florida families. That's still our waiting for that light to come back. Now I imagine yesterday, 5.30. If no one in your power came back on. Uh, they, you must have been like, what? You're probably too sick to be jumping around screaming in here. Oh, no. I was, I woke up feeling a little bit better on Sunday, but I was actually outrunning errands. And when I came back, all the street lights, the front porch lights were on. Yeah. And I can't describe it. We would have to dump it. Really? Yeah. Holy ****. It was a warm wet feeling. Let's put it that. I'll be damned. Thank God. He said, thank God, the 6th of November for Christ's day. And they're too weak to sit in the dark with a generator in those gas rooms. Poisoning is life in young daughter. Yeah. And myself. Yeah. Not the way back today. We got school going. Yeah. We got the schools in Tippedoff shape. Not. But we got school daydry. What about Palm Beach? I'm not really sure. I guess Palm Beach is back too, huh? I would have sued. I didn't pay attention. I'm tired of worrying about Palm Beach. So the mavens up there, okay? 1113 at 5.60 WQM. When you think about mattresses, you think about ceiling posture. Pretty it. The top selling mattress brand in America. I get choked up just thinking about it. It's the gold standard. And when you think about your next ceiling posture, pretty think about dialometrist. 1-800 mattress. The easiest possible way to get a new ceiling posture, pretty. With dialometrist's factory direct prices. Nobody anywhere. It's sell ceiling posture, pretty for less. And dialometrist carries the largest, the areas largest inventory. What you just say with all sizes and cup bottles and stuff. Ready for same daydry. You heard it. Get a better night's sleep as soon as tonight. If you make that call now, 1-800 mattress. Number one a customer satisfaction. And like I keep telling you over and over again. These are about the only people that let you choose. The date and time for delivery. You pick a tour window when you're going to be home like noon to two, 1-3, 2-14 to 4-14 and they show up. Even the very same day you call. With a no risk, 30 day comfort trial. Not totally man. You're on bedroom. Plus free set up and free removal on all deliveries. They take away that smart meal. Vending itself a brand new one for your North detourage. So like I've been doing, join over two million customers who skip the chain stores. And these days with all the stuff that's going on right now, the last thing you need is to be Slept around your via mattress. Just sit there on your ass and make one easy call to dialometrist. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR ESL evapylized S4. Stoopentus Spectacular Saving. This is a meal rodgerace. This is 5-16-2-8-1. 1-800 mattress. 3-800 mattress. I've got a lot of stuff on my arm. I've got a lot of stuff on my arm. 5-10 has the Dolphin Silver. Football team. There's there every gambler's nightmare. There every book needs to be right. They can't afford any touchdowns. Not even one field goal. And when you say my amy you're still talking to a boy with old children. I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, and I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog, The dolphins are in trouble, but lots of legal strides. Their tight and like snow were got by beating up this white. After tea, dark criminal, the other had sun drugs, and this is what will happen when you draft up bunch of bugs and there's a Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, number, Germany seems to know we hate them. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, they really are a mommy crew. But dolphins have no fokking, they've got no passing games. I've got just one suggestion, they ought to change their name. Do all Miami tampons and why do such a thing. They're good for just one period and have no second string. And they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, number, how many teams in the lead? Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, weekend to blue. Oh, no stop! But dolphins have no fokks, up to one's their flaming whip. I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams picks up. It doesn't matter if he never has another token. It seems that this team's playoff dreams at all, on a fist open there. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, number, what the hell, 42? Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, now they're free. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, 20 past 11 and 5, 60, 60, WQA, and boy, we've got a big game tonight. How come we're not carrying that game? On your sports station, how come we don't have the Patriots' colds game tonight, Josh? We don't have no money, we have football. Obviously, most not going to be doing that game because he's in town. But not over there, more he's in a lot of fun. Jesus, K, Christman, which has more that chili from how he's. How he's in the story over whole bunch. I'll say you have a much you want, and I'll tell you about why I watched it out with some nice spaghetti meatballs from Tony's, just the same facts, this is a good name for F.P. Hell, I like that. That's cute. F.P. Hell, Dave says about six months ago, an SUV drove an electric pull across from my apartment in four lard, they wrapped it up with two pieces of wood and caution tape F.P. Hell did. It fell when a hurricane at the area to fix it. Two pieces of wood and caution tape. All right. Let's hear it. Put the coat on the other lard F.P. Hell. Wounded. Now, F.P. Hell bosses for an idea. Palm generator, this is a Josey landbeat. What rang is he right now? I don't know. Oh, doesn't he even say where this is for all the Palm Beach coach, probably, if you'd have read it? Good place for a Josey. He says, what did F.P. Hell boss Lewis Hay the turret, know that we didn't, according to County Records, he made a timely improvement to his two points for a million-dollar Palm Beach Garden of Manchin a few weeks before. Well, my head. August 1st, the applied for a county permit to install a heavy duty generator, his company handled a job of course paperwork showed, Florida Plunder and Lute. So if the CEO of the state's largest power provider gets his own generator, does that mean he expects long blackouts? Uh, Pades 2 try to contact Hay to ask him but he didn't return calls. And F.P. Hell spokeswoman Mary Lou Kramer said, no grittish hurricane proof, and now that F.P.L.S. in the business of selling generators, Lou Hay has been a customer. Hay's Marshcock Club, and he says, Cossus still has no power as a Friday, Chroma said, this is as a Friday. If you're spending your first electricity fee, we can't perhaps have a couple more on her licenses, put this in other Hay tidbits in your barbecue and smoking. What's the data business? Is this from the previous weekend or when? You sure be nice to know. Yeah, well, just sort of matter. Huh? And the mail. It's showed up in the mail. Yeah. The man made $6.3 million. This is, uh, Lewis Hay the turret. He made $6.3 million in a cash and stock sliced ear, including one-and-a-half million as a performance bonus, according to FDNL's most recent SEC filing. Say what performance bonus? Yep, the badly maintained lines, and the weeks had took to refer to damage from 2004's Francis and Genie, or in the guy at the head of that mess, a bonus. We considered all aspects of his performance at Jay-high at Brown. Oh, you're doing a heck of a job, Brown. And he, an Orman Beach insurer, former state house speaker, and FDL director on the committee that created Hay's pay package. He denied that stock performance instead of service to consumers drives Hay's compensation. And while hurricanes are off for occurrences, Mr. Hay performed admirably, said I don't think people realize how difficult it is to respond when you have utter devastation. Last year, the I of Charlie passed over my house, and we had no electricity for four days, said Jay-high at Brown. Hay's base salary was a million dollars with one-point two-million stocks, among other goodies that also included a $27,000-year lease on a car, $30,000-year medical insurance, not third-man. So when Tom King will prove Hay's pay to the committee even discussed the company's hurricane recovery performance, you're asking an inappropriate question and I won't answer Brown said. Well, Joseph says, sorry for asking. Have you got a call? Brownie. He's got his taken care of me in a big gas generator, and I bet his air condition was per and away and his refrigerator, and his TV and his pop-up toaster, all of these things guaranteed. Probably ought to sneak a call or two in here, but I'm just loaded with stuff. Of course we don't have any right now, so just as well. Because to me today is like, that's another reason I figured it's screwed over the weekend with that storey's name, and I'll say, let's start today is like, the day, you know, like the day we get back to normal. We got George back today. Josh has got his internet's back. We're going to use up there with a big smile on the spacey and a bunch of stuff from probably crystal. Probably got a sack full of burgers. They got crystal or land. Oh, right. Sure they do. I would imagine. Tampa to land though. And they got cheerleaders who do stuff in the theorem there at the banana of a joe's from Caroline. Nothing could be fine of them. And why pop Caroline except for George's a joint up there. Although not would be a good time with my mom up there. She's still there. No, she came back. I said two wonderful time here. She had a wonderful time. No, it would be a wonderful time to go there. No. Because she's long gone. Right. Here come a caller too. Well, we'll sneak some in. But I've got my usual hefty pile and some of this fairly important stuff. I mean, we do like going to save the world from itself. Well, that's right. That's probably I forgot. That's why I timed in pointy because he gets very upset when I read from the newspaper and everybody all Sunday station was reading stuff that we got. And the people over there at IOD probably were also reading stuff off the internet and I out of his new papers a matter of fact. Somebody QAM hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, it is. Yeah. I want to talk to me about Jim DeFini. Did you hear that story, Saturday? Where he said, put gas in your jet. Sugar in the generator? For people weren't all night? Jim DeFini said, put gas in the sugar in your generator? No, he said he didn't want to generate or run an all night. And then the Bob I've found to speak over there and put sugar in it. On channel 4. Yeah. You didn't see that? No, I didn't know. On the website. Are you very lucky? I didn't see it. Oh, that's right now. Somebody called on Friday and said that there actually is. He's got a regular spot on there. Something on channel 4. I don't know if you've ever seen him. There's 2 point. I told you I saw him. No, you remember that there was like gasping. But actually, you know, seeing him. I was in Europe and I'm seeing him internationally. He hit him on a wood that's story about how he got came with a Harold and the suicide and the someone. Well, he's always gasping for oxygen. But then the other thing about the thing. He makes a game look like a look like Tom Brady. Well, as pleasant as he is to look at and he might be a very good writer. And he is he's not well, he can write not way better than he can speak. Let's just put it that way. Are you not in for Jim to feed you now? I'm good. Say it. Griffam and ass. You got a lot of a through my god. Unish. And he had fat on top of fat. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and he's got bread. But his way was a fat head fat. For me to start calling people fat. That's really fat. That's like Josh Friedman fat. That's like fat boy fat. You know who had a dream of that? You'll never believe this. Speaking of fat. I give you a clue. Or forget what night it was. Friday Saturday and making difference. About alcohol steam. About that. I was in my apartment in Amsterdam. I thought I have one anymore. But I was in some fictitious apartment. I walked outside and there was an al. I hate the Irish. And he said, he was the apartment. I didn't exercise. There was al. I remember what they all had. And I thought, you look pretty good. There was smell that weight. And then he went into this long thing about how they stuck him out there. What was the, uh, riker's island? Oh yeah. And he was in a slamer. Look what they did to al. Gold steam man. Look what they did to Larry Flint. Look what they did to Larry Flint. Look what they did to Larry Flint. Sign American baby. This is New Rogers. Oh, the line. He's five six. Ralph. Baby. Bitch. Coming to feed her soon. Rocky six. Rocky takes on the best of the best at the senior center slug fast. I'm. I'm freaking old. I got a big dog. A twitching crampal. Oh, that's a big dog. You came here to put me in a hole. I can't hear the put you in a hospital. Oh, gracious. I'll grab off. I'll have you a light green. Rocky six. Rated PG 65. No number 65 allowed without bladder control. I'm falling and I can't get up. It's 1131 at 560 WCM. Here's a facts from Howard the facts. It says you're not Howard the David it. It says Howard says, I live in Palm Beach Gardens. In this time, I had hit hard by the hurricane. So I went online and filed claims with both my insurance company and with FEMA. The FEMA application was very interesting. And initially, I qualified because I lost power for least five consecutive days. I was also asked whether I had insurance to which I responded. Yes. I also went to the S two questions concerning whether remember my household last wages, which my adult daughter did, through the hurricane, which I had purchased. Whether I purchased any equipment such as a chainsaw generator between 1018 and 1118. Whether I own my own business, which might get me alone. They've entered it. I'll send you an application to mail the filet and assign me a claim number. Imagine my surprise when I opened my mail on Saturday and found out they've already denied the claim. I haven't even filed yet. It's denied because I have homeowners insurance. Says if I'm lucky, I'll see you in a just through this month. I can file an appeal within 60 days. That's really great. My home load is insurance. Does not cover my adult daughter's last wages. The purchase of a chainsaw generator provide me with loan. Way to go, FEMA. I guess the only pay phony claims. Now you're getting on to what Howard. That beats. Don't forget that beats. And Howard, the fact is, is, incidentally, I happened to listen to Moe's rant last week with about eight consecutive callers were hung up on because they either called him Moe or killed him of stealing pizza. It was really funny as opposed to the rest of his show. Why doesn't he go along with it? He could still hang up on a friend who's called him Neckleheads and play a studious sound effect. As I told my kids that they were younger when somebody teases you, that's it. Just laugh with him and all cause do not show anger. That's the empty for the calls that he would play along with the made stuff. I've read my kids this far than he is. That's what Howard the fact is his Moe. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. But I think he has a point. Plus, like I try to say Friday, I really don't want to go through the whole thing again. But this coming at a time where we were so limited in the number of people that even had phone service back on and even the people that did have electric and phone, like on a good sunny day we get an off-adios, but you can imagine what we were doing. Who the dregs of anybody that would have time to be called a talk show and what would you get? And that's exactly what we got. I think those people get their service back first, don't they? Yeah, the idiots. That's right. I know who gets the first. Yeah, him or the one. I'd love to go back to him first. And you're funny, Ron. Ron actually had a couple of good lines last week. After that, after that, after that episode, the next day I went through the story on the air and he called it. Project for Howard. It was cute. The story made Swapchub drive in a drive through because it's one and a half million dollars in damage. The Swapchub. Poor person. Boy, this is not the last year or so. This is not the year for Preston's hand, you know what? Are you cracking your knuckles again? No, I was a snack in my lips. Oh. Oh waitin' for the food from Tony's to show up. You're not actually getting more. No, you're not. No, I'm not. You're making yourself sick as on the first day back. You're going to great idea. Yeah. Now I'm not putting up with Miguel Lemore. Anybody that says that he watched he watched the Matthew and he ran off his body with that luffer and that sponge. Oh. And eventually he was serious too, wasn't he when he said it? Yeah, probably. Probably rubbed himself pink. You know, in the pre-drystics, I had a marvelous line for that, but I'm going to let that pass right now. Movie goes won't be driving with a Swapchub anytime soon. It's lost. It's going as the largest drive in theater in the world for now. We've lost 11 or 14 screens that owner pressed in hand. Lemme think damage from two hurricanes that ripped you as multi-million dollar employment three months. He started the businesses that drive in more than 40 years ago. How do you like that? Remember driving by that thing on sunrise there before they had the walkover the overpass thing there? Sure. Actually, it's not a movie there. I've had the drive in the one table. Wow. Hurricane Katrina August costs $100,000 in damage. Hurricane Wilma's wrath will total more than one and a half million dollars. Screen number nine was the biggest in the oldest. It hasn't been damaged since we started said, Hen, today all that remains of number nine is Thunderbird. The name of the drive in surprisingly state attached to a grid like backing. The metal sheets that made up to screen lay in a pile would be breath from twisted on each other. Beveled sheets in the northeast corner of the complex. A little picture of all the crap all among just laying there in a heap. Ten things to drive in could be fixed within a month. The outdoor flea market is operating. Flea markets operating? No circus, no elephant to droppings. For more than a week workers have pulled out hundreds of nails secured 30 foot logs. And sifted through layers of metal to save on harm parts. The end to restore the Barricani landmark. Hen came to Florida in the 60s and opened the drive in on November 22nd, 1963. His drive in hasn't gone without controversy. In 1964, two black youths, the panther do writers and the NAACP youth council picketed, saying the movies were on fit for young people. The panther do writers. I wonder if they were kind of the doubly do writers. Surrounded by quirky menagerie of vendors and until recently a circus, the old flash map for a cinema survivor in industry where high-tech movie houses and multiple classes are common. It's been a place for old and young, quartiffs and weekend-ling. Timothy Hansen, 40, we call taking his dates to the drive in, sporting his beige 86-mighty carlowe. I had an 86-mighty carlowe, how do you like that? Yes, a crap. Okay. The swap shop maintenance workers have been watching movies since 83. It's nice to just sit in your car and listen to that Hansen who dislikes cinemas because people talk too much. It's really going to be missed for a while. Hannah has insurance for the buildings including the skywalk that will make damage, but it'll have to pay out a pocket for the damage after assemblages on the 88 acre campus including the drive in. The movies are just 5% of his revenue said, but these movies are what got his business going. He said on Friday, workers try to salvage what they could from the screen number 6 is broadening logs ripped up from the semen. Across the lot, workers piecing at the screen number 1, binding your spores logs that anchored the 32 foot tall screen. Michael Warren said, I've told you one time just a few weeks ago, ironically I saw the history of driving movie theaters on one of my many cable channels. You did mention that. I think it was on the driving channels, a matter of fact, appropriately. These kids here today, they don't know what they're listening. It was pretty interesting. On Friday, I just got to say that. Across the lot, workers piecing at the screen number 1, Michael Warren senior 39 has a tool shop right for low screen number 1. We'll be back together soon. I have faith in Preston, and he said, his son Michael Jr. 16 is less optimistic. The movies were one of the main attractions that and the circus said Michael Jr. Now that the circus has gone, that have to make all their money from the vendors he said. You will just watch Michael Jr. You'll see the magic that Preston and his hand. I know I picked the ball. He puts on a hell of a show, Preston. Just doll by himself. Yeah. Stop. Don't be pile on on now. Look, I had all this damage just because he's gone through some difficult times recently. Next thing you'll be picking on poor Jim Defeady. You know, seriously, Jim Defeady. On a channel quarter. That's a true story, he said it because the generators were making so much noise. If it's buggy new, like it's buggy, and put sugar in the generator, I don't know because obviously I'm not there, and even if I were there, I wouldn't watch that fact top of graphic with paid me by the minute. I bet he's got a lot of sugar to put in generator. Yeah. Oh yeah. You can drain it by 400 pound. I just figured out his fat ass just to fill up even probably fill the whole neighborhoods, generators with it. I still would like to know Papa the park is over for a formal chasing, I'd like to know something. I'd like to know a little something, something. Wouldn't it be nice? I mean we passed along a lot of very good information, but if nobody tells you not you don't have no something something that's what pisses me off, damn it. 598 votes at a pool. We wouldn't have a shot at 700 today. What do you think? Now we're not. What do we do the other day? 800 Josh? Yeah. About we did 750 to one day and then we did like 800. Now that's not bad considering the fact that nobody had to, you know, have to people still didn't have no power. Right. We're going to be guilty. Even people like you that did have power to never know, internet. So I felt, you know, like, that was something little pen on the back like somebody out there. Here's 600 one votes. How do you like that? We got to get to like a 50 today. That's my goal. If we get the 80 off or get about time, jickle, what a jackass is. I'll forget about what a grotesque big tub of crab gym to feed you is. What would you, what would you be thinking to put him on the air? Well, what could anybody be thinking? You know, they do be like, he has a face in a body definitely not for television. Hey, remember the joy Red Olfshem. Yeah. What a cardboard audience. Six hundred ones votes. Which of these things stands out most of your memory? Where were you when? In that 11 attack took place 250. That's first and foremost. And probably most recent. I won you first got late. 167. Well, probably a lot of you are still waiting. JFK was shot 117. Hurricane Andrew Storkfloor 33. The child who exploded 25. Bill Clinton was impeached only five. So I'm at the cheap way. Bobby Kennedy was shot three. Martin Luther King was shot. We finally got one. We got some garkaya. There you know, I got to be honest with you. I don't remember where I was when I had from. Do you? You weren't even alive then, were you? Uh, so you were. Yeah, you were. Right? No, it was 68. Try Martin Luther King. Oh, sorry. I'm still on 10. 37. Yeah, but I was four years old and I might have been still in Cuba. And George wasn't even, he wouldn't even an idea yet. And 68. No, it wasn't. He would know Martin Luther King if he came back right now and smack him in a face. Which he probably would. And when Robert Reagan was shot, it's still got to be. Oh, he liked the rock solid. It was in high school. Well, they mostly forgot just like a runny. This phasemil rather is this phasic. All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time. But slow as ruining our dinner. It's not a two-wheat-a-chicken or turkey. All the virtue feed that I winter. Now it tells us to be full that country. 14 to the worst if you had been willing either. Here's a fact from Oskie. It was rich in the moment and rightfully so about F. P. and all that at home. And about how we called him about a wire that was hanging in the slime in the front. Well, it's too long to be at all in the air. But for like a ski and pin up your act a little bit. I don't play. I don't play either. I don't play anybody out there for being pissed off fired up and like on a verge of murdering somebody because of a Florida Plunderland. I don't play anybody because like has ranted and raved all last week and by the way, it'll be very displeased and other than some people in the media sucking up the F. P. and L. What do you mean displeased to know that's all I see. No, you can't be between patting themselves and each other on the back. It's like it's like hearts and flowers for F. P. All they got the same footage of the same guy twisting the same pair of wires on a pole that they just show over and over and over again. Any people in Tom Jick is patting them on a back of what a wonderful job they did under tremendous duress. What are they going to do? I feel run spots on their station too. I see. Well, one thing about us that we realize F. P. L. is a monopoly and there's a result as an institution. So that they run spots or not if they screw up we're still going to carve them in ass. Big time and is overly so. I mean if they're run was sell out at a time when all these people were outpower for like two freaking weeks and we still got 176 thousand households without ads of November the 7th. Today is November the 7th and it's like two weeks ago today was there were a can of my correct about that two weeks ago today. Two weeks ago today and there's still our people without and Georgia's got his back yesterday and in Broward County this almost hundred nine thousand households with no power and we're supposed to be patting them on a back talking about what a great job while they lied to us about how their poles were in great shape and they were splitter cracked and it's all a bunch of baloney and the yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi in total denial. Speaking of incompetence how do you like that death hero in made who just walked out the door in Houston. I was back. Motor rocket scientist. Texas death hero in made who was escaped from a Houston jail life week was arrested last night outside a liquor store in streetport, Louisiana police and he was marshaled be seen outside liquor store. Charles Victor Thompson 35 was a subject to be 70 an hour nationwide manhood after he escaped Thursday by shedding his hand cups in prison jumpsuit for street clothes in a jailhouse booth and telling the deputies who was meeting with a lawyer. Thompson offered authorities no resistance for arrested and Mary Ann Mattis a spokesman for the US marshal service office in Houston in the b-san that marshal said received several credible tips that Thompson was in the area and police got him around eight o'clock last night on a pay phone outside liquor store in shrewd for about 240 miles north of Houston. He appeared to be intoxicated Mattis said the officers walked up to the escape killer asked him his name he told him you know who I am. Authorities said Thompson had a bicycle with him. Okay. Thompson was being booked at three sports municipal jail shortly after nine PM Sunday a jailed tool CNN was due to a pre-before judge today. Officers determined he was too drunk to be questioned immediately but your brand said Dickie a clerk at the liquor store said he rest was more dramatic than Mattis described. Sidicky said he was working at the Shump's drive and drives your window when he saw some maniac kind of guy running around outside. But at the same time he said another man came out of a car with a shotgun. He said Thompson was heading toward his store and feared a shootout was in the worst so he grabbed him and walked to the door. I'm right this is in Texas after all. I was shaking like shivering everything but I wasn't with my grips that if you said I think he was playing the comment side of the store and I don't know what has hosted you something. The man with a shotgun turned out to be on the cover police officer and said oh under cover police officer which reminds me that song under cover angel by uh uh was it you can do under how was it? I don't know. Under cover. By any way on the time life stuff I was watching the informational last night because I couldn't turn it off for the CDs a little day. Alan Ode. Now the one thing about those time life series is that you get to see a lot of recording artists that you never saw before you know I do what they like. Alan Ode who I always thought was like a young guy who looked maybe like Danny Osmond. Sounds like Danny Osmond. Little bit. I always liked that song a lot under cover angel. I thought it was cute and I thought maybe he was cute. Well he looks like Ryan Jeremy on a bad day. Alan Ode. Yeah. That's all right though. I don't remember who it was now but uh there was an all white group and I always thought it was a black guy. Yeah. A lot of groups in artists that you never saw before especially the ones like the one hit wonders you know that were not long enough to really get to see them anywhere and you see them on anything holy how that's what they look like. I remember a Mongo Jerry when I found out he was a white guy that got out. Oh yeah that guy looks like. Anyway. Oh here's the great sir I got a lot of stuff I want to get into right now we did take that one great call and of course I wouldn't stood out so well it was okay. I want to like overdo it here. What? Well no I got a lot of stuff because you know over the weekend I never chance to put in this on any of those American Josh were busy doing something in the team with those two cheerleaders. They wish. They don't. They don't. No they don't. WQAM hello. I know how people are the perfect. Thank you. I got one for your pull. I remember playing my head up the wall when George pushed that real at this. Yeah okay. That has a lot to do with the pull on. It's really interregulant. No no it does not. No this is not a pull that needs adding to okay. In other words otherwise it takes away the whole significance we could put 80 million things in a you remember then mean nothing anybody else okay like wherever you when you saw pinky lead dot on television you know right on TV have a heart attack right right wherever you and buffalo bob had a fall down laughing because a kid in the peanut gallery was peeing in his pants. So whatever was you know all these things a top out kind of operative in US custody was identified as a probable liar months before the Bush administration began using his claims as the basis of its contention that erect rate al-Qaeda members used biological and chemical weapons in New York Times before the US today. Siding movie you see I don't understand why it's taking this long we've been talking about this for two years now why is it taking these people so long that's because they had that poor chicken out and uh... we're gonna have a little bit of a Bahamas yeah chicken a rubah my favorite a rubah i'm sorry in a rubah now they're by vina to waela and of course what happened to the two chicks in chantsworth california that's fat calina cowboy boots what happened to those two that's the latest uh... hysterical uh all due to their missing never never saw any follow up citing newly declassified portions of a defense intelligence agency document from fervoir 2002 made available to the times by Michigan senator car eleven of the armed services committee the newspaper reported it was likely that the prisoner i've been al-shyke al-bb was intentionally misleading to breed the briefers about a rakey support for al-Qaeda's work with a list of weapons it is possible he doesn't know any further details it's more likely this individual is intentionally misleading the briefers that try and timescoded the report is saying he's been undergoing the briefs for several weeks and maybe describing scenarios to the the briefers that he knows will retain their interest the document provides the earliest and strongest indication of u.s. intelligence agencies doubts about liby's credibility the time said that's not scuder liby that's uh... abhinashikah mahamid the afmaid liby president George w. boy five president de cheney then secretary state colon palo other administration official cited his input as credible evidence that the rack that a rack was training or kind of members and explosives and lists of weapons used the time said the officials did not mention liby my name at the time but bush and a speech october 2002 said we've learned that a rakey's trade al-kid members and bomb making and poisons and gances levin said the evidence of revealed that's about liby illustrated what he called the administration's misuse of intelligence to justify the war in a rake as an official intelligence report the document would have circulated widely and would have been available to the CIA the one house to Pentagon on the agencies the time said but it was unclear whether it was provided to the senate panel a bush administration official declined a comment to the newspaper on the who was captured in Pakistan late in 2001 and recannit is claims in january of last year he's just ruling at the time he was the most senior al-kada member in u.s. custody likely being held at get mode the time said abugar red levin also reported a portion of the the i report that expressed skepticism about the idea of post collaboration between a rackin al-kada an idea never substantiated by u.s. intelligence which was a pillar of the bush administration's pre-war claim the time says liar liar pants around fire that's what the bush administration got in com o f.m. they lie like crazy they just make it up as they go along kind of like we do 644 votes you think we're gonna find out by the end of the day i anything about pop in opark see i want to do it like one day the time like that awful show with resentful with body frankment and pett hearing that's the horrible show just a worse i might even play the theme song so upset but just what maybe we can find out about that today and then tomorrow we can find out about there's something else a little something something you know like like the macarinas since it does look like they're gonna play that to the game the range is in the panthers wins they like how much damage they had and what it was and did uh you know anybody pee in the hallway and what what's going on it would have been nice to know all these things huh hey you're asking a lot just a little information would be nice from our hardworking especially when i crack news group got a QA of this is new Rogers this is five sixteen eight six this is Jempo Lopez i have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back of our money for us and that's what i listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour and we've been in the blood and we've been really at an internet and there was no fan yet never heard about been Latin what's there was always in the blood we still care about what's done and not about tikka time and all that break you back yeah you could take your pick like it was that from god to south of no bank don't know i find this right over this or booty that ran he was a puny there was a land is more than two years but from love it's a busiest we're smashing the beat of time detaching but nothing what feels right since 19 19 19 19 but 19 19 you know what i am and what needs to take me to the pan top right now we still have some users but also there was we're in we had so sweet we rock and yes he was forgot it i wonder is she survived that 19 19 95 there's one time he said in the song it's in 1995 you hear that rock reaper is in the airport little bit what are you gonna do about these dittlin uh cheerleaders in the t-rooming Tampa uh give them a their own uh tv show when you said a josh and air it was to date a bit in a below i'm telling you if you would see you ought to do yourself a favor like a one-liner oh that's right you got no internet no you don't have no cable we have it or not oh i see when you can't have everything when you've been to about you got the power there you got the cable i mean you got the internet you just have no cable and of course what we've seen on the cable anyway right now so maybe playboy tv which you don't have i think i'm gonna crank that up here now i don't know so what am i looking for online what's the story called uh i don't know just uh tank uh uh Carolina cheerleader the Tampa Bay news 10 dot com there you go and you'll find it anywhere if i didn't even like in a weekly reader it sits on every website the story is there you notice hijosh was right on top of that story he wasn't too strong intensive over the weekend but boy saw the two dikes said doing something in the t-room there at the banana jose and all of a sudden he was on top of a big time he was all over he was embracing it he was squeezing it you got it might have been me and i thought did you find it about it when you see the picture seriously if you if you if you tell me that do i mean the blind the blind fine okay that he's over i would never go fine he's okay she's you know she's human looking but the other one man oh man she she kind of looks like Peyton Manning if she's got to know that isn't to be oh my god all mighty but the prize fighter knows yeah exactly she's got the Rocky Marciano nose and ears and uh i think i think i think it's a guy with a bad wig maybe that's what was going on 662 votes i think we got a definite shot at the time he's fitting what do you think we're going to do it did you find that thing yet the god are you slow yes i wish that i would have still had a story i wish i had a saved it i know i shmit candid but uh i can i do have a similar or a story though what not that it's just that's loading slow no come on Tampa Tampa time what what's the newspaper the Tampa Tribune right i got so much of a list on this website okay w q a m hello well yes sir hey me oh how the hell are you great okay last i heard confidence being used as a staging area for the power and the tree cutting guys okay that might be what he saw right and the other day when he art feel a suicide partner it's amazing what people derived out of you know kind of well what they hear what they've taken choose out of conversation the guy was having a whole long spiel about you know how bad things are and that's the one thing you remember about the sugar and the tank i mean come on you know yeah just a stress relief trying to you know kind of thing that's all it was now there was he was just being sarcastic yeah you know i guess this guy doesn't understand a difference you know i wish he was so overwhelmed by his by seeing him it's his defective man yeah man i'm not tell you he makes me look good and as far as yeah and as far as me and Georgia concerned and we are not really concerned how ugly those girls really are it's just the fact that they wouldn't where they were doing what they were doing okay it's well four points every every day okay thanks i i got the picture and and you're right but i'm telling you i'm telling you i don't know what you was doing or who she was doing it with you didn't want to know about you didn't want to see it you want to think about it i'll i will pose them in such a way you won't see her nose okay well i'm sure maybe there's a reason for that i don't know why i know where it is i had planned the nose nose oh god was she me and so what good why that's what she got nothing could be fine there to be a cheerleader from Carolina in the moment yeah you've had my been an ajo is a yuck in an up in the tea room i don't know if it's just because guys we're also supposed to be for birds and most of us are but women i mean i suppose to have a little just to even bake so cation have a little more class you know i mean guys doing stuff in the tea room that's uh and i goes back as a new year okay which i've never understood that by the way of all of the unappealing places to get something going well maybe if it don't smell too bad in there if it's a public restroom right how does i'm not well i'm not talking about instead of all of this wise well yeah of course if it's a public restroom nobody ought to be doing nothing in there but it all depends on the kind of joy that is if it's kind of like a like a strip club or some kind of a shady you know yeah stuff happened it's not like we haven't taken a friend into the shower but that's you know your home but the idea of two dikes doing something in a public tea room it just i don't know it leaves me limp i'll uh and it'll be in the case of those two i'm sure it leaves you and two believe me trust me she is just as nasty she makes rosio Donald look like hally burry how many q a m hello two a m come jica sent me hello yeah hey no i got something for you yeah not not only does uh most deal with you but he cheats a call yeah do you know that? no i did not know that yeah he needs to get an extra ball in his pocket all the time he had for you that's that extra ball we were always hearing about was that you were somebody also told me that they were in the tea room with mullin they found out he had an extra ball well that's like oh sometimes they're lucky that was it me i'm sure that they get the spare always can't hurt though now that day that everybody's getting all whipped up about the whole piece of thing he just got out of bed on the wrong side which he seems to do that almost every day now maybe if he would like switch places in bed with the misses and he's sleeping on the other side then maybe for once he get out of bed on the right side or he could get around the bed and in that day we could like all you know bond and what do you think no i'm not gonna happen so there's seven seventy five votes on the poll and we're doing it i'm loving attack we're at a two eighty three that's what we remember most vividly sitting right there in that chair i just come back from vacation i think i'd eat a bit up here i was like in europe or something and i did not show on monday and it was the second day back after vacation on a two day morning is that correct? yes and but i've been out of nowhere just sitting there mind i'm out on business and all of a sudden some people start hyperventilating we turn us because George probably had some pornographic crap on there and we turned over to CNN and uh... there's the uh... pictures of that plane flying in the first hour and nobody knows uh... and at that point we're still thinking like uh... and of course nobody was telling us that the uh... f a new that four planes have been hijacked at that point no which continues leading me to where i have so many doubts about that whole thing you know like how is it that they couldn't accept the the plane i went into the pentagon and assuming that a plane did go into pentagon which is still doubts about that just look at pentagon strike it that thing is to work in our website which i don't i don't have awful lot of questions still about that and in the meantime forget about that immediately just catch an up on all of some meet-up crap about the weapons and mass destruction and alcita and uh... side of all other garbage all allies and then all the smear and smear camping they're just starting to catch on the bat i guess they have a red or richer clock in uh... polliniel books you don't have the old god forbid and they certainly haven't seen the michael more the fair and high nine love a movie you know the time you think he is to be in hello yes sir yes it is and one that has a long for me and so on and he's asking about like uh... what's happening in top of the market right yeah they're using it as a staging site they got to tell so it's like well parking was loaded with the night so i don't know if i have anything to do with them closing or i'm a standard by no sense lots for the end of the day with electric truck okay thanks a lot i heard the kids are staging area seen that's why the people coming to go and jage i mean you were right you were perceptive of you saw the risk people going in and coming out and but but but uh... there's no a reason stuff going on there now i would know that well i would know that could still both the part of my close personal friends if they had some going on here where they could make a buck or two with all the crap that they're going through between their blocksy believe you mean they would let me know by now by the rest of the one i think they would be like for a straightforwardly me hanging and dangling in the dark like a down that hour line or something like that. I love Steve a couple messages during that last break. Right. Well, no, I'm sure we got the answers now. The using of this a staging area like the last guy said it was talking to you or somebody and the other guy who was on the air. Somebody was on the air and it was. They're using it as a staging here, for and they also were given out water when I last two weeks there, which was one of the locations we gave. See, and it seems to me, I don't want to sound like we're so much superior, but to fact that the matter is that we weren't every time some local politician was blowing the wind of everybody's butt. We didn't interrupt and put that on the air because we know the kind of crap that they're going to say it was useless garbage. It was no meaningful information for your fat ass governor or they had the local politicians who were busy pontificating. So we had the, you know, we had the ability to add, you know, to take our time to give out the useful information and maybe put a few people on the air once we got that ability back. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? What I'm saying, if I didn't find it, if I had the ability to do, I take you out there right now. Take your, see what I'm saying? Teeth it. Right. I used to probably thought I forgot about that. Oh, no. Now Alex Bennett and his party mom. Was he a talent or what? That Alex Bennett. When I found out that Norma can't went up there to serious to meet with them and he's slipped in the studio and it was Alex Bennett sitting there. I thought to myself, all of these things. Wow, that's another ingredient in the assessment. Oh my god. Not that it wouldn't nice be on serious. So I guess stirring pretty close on January on serious. Everybody getting serious yet or what? No. Oh, and you ought to be pleased about this. I don't know if you about the Chairman of the CBC, the CPC, CPP, BFD. Kenneth Tomlinson, resigning where you were that? No. This right way, now see that they put in charge because this is right up your alley. Carl Roe still under investigation for his alleged role in leaking the identity of under cover CIA agent face possible implication for this scandal yesterday after the resignation of an ally accused of misusing public broadcasting funds for partisan political purposes. Kenneth Tomlinson, a friend of the powerful presidential adviser for a decade, was forced to resign on Thursday's Chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting where we set out to control what he saw his liberal media bias and internal report found he had overreached in those ambitions. Yesterday, it emerged that Mr. Tomlinson is also under investigation by the State Department for possible uses of power in a second job as head of the federal agency overseeing government broadcast to foreign countries. New York Times reported he was suspected of diverting federal funds to further his partisan agenda at the CPP. Investigations also looking at allegations that he put unqualified cronies and ghost employees on the federal payroll. It was also suggested a Mr. Roe was implicated, but the State Department was reported to be looking in the emails between the two men. President Bush remains under pressure to fire Mr. Roe if his closest is most trusted if I will know about a value of claim and the B.P. was good or Libby. The plain scandal goes to the heart of the Bush administration's rationale for war and Iraq because the leaking of her name was part of an apparent effort to smear her husband Joe Wilson. Former U.S. Ambassador would publicly contradict the administration claims that Iraq was pursuing nuclear weapons program. There you go. There's another one. Kenna Tomlinson. How did you cross that foot? You see, what did I tell you? A few weeks ago you laughed at me. You thought I was like a swishful thinking when I said you're deaf and cursed? I said the deaf and cursed was crumbling out and I tell you that? I just didn't want to jinx it by believing it. First like a bunch of dominoes in dominoes park at Fats domino park. He was also there on the on some of those time like the ones of the 50s and 60s. Thanks. Why do you what he looked like? Not good. It's okay Antoine Fats domino one mile time favorites. He's okay. He's walking in the Orland very slowly with his hip boots on. There you go. Pretend very likely to those 50 rules floating around. He's good. So 13. What about 60. His foot not in New Orleans. There's a lot of stuff floating out in Orland. When disaster strikes in this event hurricane will not. When your home or business is suffered water damage is only one place to call in that strike concepts. I've been using it in my home store for 20 years. There's nobody as a job like that. They're like miracle workers right there in your house. Drive concepts can move access water and drive your home or business fast using the latest innovations and drive techniques. Drive concepts drive system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replace an attraction belongings. Unhealthy mold and mild view conditions are eliminated because they use specialized drying processes. If the damage is more extensive and you had like a really big mess. Drive concepts license contractors can provide need of estimates and professional services to. Think if you're written guaranteed price no matter what they do for you upfront before they start the job. So if water damage from will not really hit your hard panic no more call the professionals the best in the universe. Drive concepts call them toll free from daydry out of the palm beaches. 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 or if you have your internet see you in funk.rse we So Every good Christian knows it ain't too quick And it's not too very hard to do I'm the best, the name of the game is the Bible There's a few of the truth to where we do Tell people you know the way If I can do your house, I'll say If there's a Christian's away And then you burn it down You can get somebody to believe in And I think you'll find the Bible's name Screws up the Bible's name So matter what you do, you can think you're free So I can always forgive you Think of the poison in the snake The Bible said, way they all around Find the 40's name And you to doctor down Everybody pray along with your faith Okay Come on, you'll be up to the court again Be the prophet of your kids I'm the best, the name of the Bible's name You're too mighty to be by our own I'm the best, the name of the Bible's name And that's the way to go I'm the best, the name of the Bible's name I don't think you can get a faith You make a sacrifice You sacrifice the kindness So I see, I got two or four to four And how can we have ever less these off And they're guaranteed to get a lot of votes And they both have to do the same person What are your very favorites? Yeah, let me give you a little audio clue Okay Oh man Oh yeah Where were you? During the O.J. Chase on the freeway I think that's best way to put a right O.J. Chase on the freeway Close the chase But I guess that the O.J. Chase on the freeway And secondly when the O.J. verdict was announced Now the O.J. Chase on the freeway We were in Vegas Remember that you were there Yes, we were Was that rich? I said, oh, he's been already found his body in the side of the row Yeah, you had the super till Richie Sorry And we were there And then we were wondering what that was going on And so we're all gathered around the TV And I was sick as a dog And then when the verdict was announced Of course we've been carrying all kinds of crap And talking about it, odd nausea money And we were carrying on IOD We were on the air And we were carrying you out from KFI and Los Angeles Remember that? Yep And the verdict came over and they read Not guilty and I went Oh my God I just liked that My jaw dropped to drop to my toenails So those both were along and there O.J. verdict announced And O.J. on the freeway Got it? Good I did it a plot to bomb a California mosque And the office of E. West Congressman Was killed at the federal prison in Arizona F.B.I. Spokesman said Saturday As job as no less, O.J. V.A.Z.M. Google 62 was killed in the Assault Friday evening Or right in town for shop as right after Sunday on O.J. At the federal correctional institution in Phoenix At the I.J. and Richard Murray And what if he's kind of Murray the K? Or Murray, Murray rose the great Olympic swimmer 100 years ago From Australia Murray wouldn't release for the details But said federal authorities had opened a Homicide investigation Crugirl's life Lola Said if the investigation is still to An inmate and structure husband on the head From behind with a cement block Or all never saw it happening She said he was exercising He'd been a theme in the security prison for three days According to a sister Linda Kurve will also Los Angeles, although I still do have a yearning for Lushin Poole Man is that good with reasons Or Kurve will inform her devil assistant from Passed from O.J. and L.J. And charged with conspirating to bomb the king five Mask in Culver City and a field or a Fist of Republican representative Derely Issa Who is Lebanese American Kurve will play the guilty in 2003 to one kind of conspiracy To violate the civil rights of worshipers at the mask And what kind of carrying an explosive device And connects with a conspiracy to repeat a ranger And officer of the USA Despite the plea, he was sentenced in September 20 years in the slammer he ain't going to make it The reasons for the collapse of an initial TV We're seeing the spite of loss of by news organizations To make the details public During the case, Kurve's lawyers said prosecutors were angry That his client would help for several Mustard names of four people allegedly connected To the 1985 murder case of Alex Odin A regional director of the anti-American era Bantinous discrimination committee Several former JDM members, especially The JNEL man What can I tell you about the JNEL Cullman Druid How is our Mara Khan? Do you want to see still dead? Oh, grab on Mara Khan and don't you remember? Yes, I do. Here's a follow up on a story I don't even know if we know why never did get to this story last week What we had bigger fish to fry you know About the woman who who glued her boyfriend's genitals to his abdomen Really there. Yes Green the bird of Pennsylvania All there's nothing like green's bergets To the right near the mountain view in there about Pittsburgh I think mountain view in this in green's bergets They sure got good Turkey and stuff in there And liver minions A Westmoreland County jury on Friday Ordered a woman to pay 46,200 To her ex-boyfriend for gluing his genitals to his abdomen Juris found in favor of Kenneth Slabby of Pittsburgh in a civil case against Gail O'Tool of Murray'sville After he is of I wonder if she knows father O'Tool After three days of testimony order the payment for pain suffering emotional distress According to television station KDKA For all the pain and suffering have been through any investment I don't think it's enough still this slabby told reporters after the verdict Not enough slabby's loss instead of the tubero Oh we had the story last week about the guy who's asked got to glue to the toilet Yeah Yes, it's a true story And they had a slut not a bit They had an unbolt the toilet seat from the forceland bus And slut muddler and in the fire as they were dragging his ass out And the rest of them too The suit and the seat fell off Anyway, slabby's loss was said the two broke up in 1999 after dating for ten months He began dating somebody else After he broke up with his other girlfriends Slavery said O'Tool invited him over to a home may 7th 2000 as a free fellow sleep He said he woke up to find that O'Tool had used super glue to stick his genitals to his abdomen He moved his butt together and spelled it up for a vanity on his back in nail polish How do you like that? And it was even worse than you fare worse than that Slavery said O'Tool told him that the rations were payback for their breakup And he had to walk a mile to a gas station to call for help He pressed charges in O'Tool to put your guilty to a misdemeanor assault And six months on probation But O'Tool's authority contented that the incident was nothing more than partly couples Adventurous consensual sex Yeah Yeah Oh man We got a party in my house Oh Oh, good Okay, how we coming here on our pole 7 or 22 boat O'J we got the two O'J ones on there They tied with Ronnie Reagan They all have the boat Oh, they all get some posts You mean to tell me that that wasn't one of the classic moments of everybody's life Watching that freeway chase on air and then L.A. That was surreal You know the gun to the heat Come on O'J, hold a trigger O'J And then watch it on I think the worst one of the worst things I've ever seen in my life Even worse than the stupid morons those groupies outside the Michael Jackson trial Oh Michael's or this all I craved you know was the the lunatics the groupies They even a people above probably probably the water notes he was there And probably screw in to end Greg They're probably on the overpass You go O'J Yeah Watching that was enough Oh, oh, Pete raised you up Pete Rose Jr. Rayna drug trafficking charge The cues rose of conspiracy to distribute G.D.L. That is considered by some a muscle building steroid Rose is said to be cooperating with authorities So what is this drug? Dr. Robert Milman of New York Presbyterian Wow Cornell medical Now we're not going to talk about drugs and issue We need that to George when George is on So Pete Rose Jr. is in Howard and I did you hear about the Miami City police chief his kid in the York Yeah, he did great big pot buy Now the original story we had on Thursday was it was a hundred pounds of pot And then when a whole story came through on Friday goes to show it it was 400 pot 400 pounds of pot 400 pounds of pot does it can anybody even envision how much that is Well, that could last me a week. Actually last you about two days 400 pounds my ass What used to be didn't it? That's a lot if you keep eating that ice cream it will be again Well, no, is this you just fetch me all the other Oh, here it is. How is that possible? It's an amazing thing Brian and pop it'll be your on top of it today Brian he fakes his earlier something that was pretty useful to better forget All about the Challenger Brian's doing a better show than we are which isn't saying why he's go Brian was different. Pete Rose Jr. the same he could be on the ticket pretty Soon if they don't watch it if they get below and oh yeah next next trend I understand they might have some numbers. I have a minus and front Pete Rose Jr. son of Pete Rose who's a real slime ball surrounded the federal authorities today The pay charges that it was distributing GBL a drunk sometimes uses a steroid alternative Distributing the 35 year old rose could face a maximum of 20 years in prison Oh, come on the DEA said his arrest is part of a larger investigation And to major GA be a traffic organization The indictment said rose admitted that he received GBL from a person Tennessee While remember the Chattanooga look out see the WIFO the Cincinnati rent He also said that half the players on that team he supplied him with a drug According to rose teammates would take GBL the line down after the games I'd like that the GBL investigation began in 1989 and has include one of the largest seizures of GBL in the history In January 2004 the E.A. Gen. And C's about 280 gallons of GBL from a storage unit in Murphy'sboro Tennessee Further investigation revealed that Murphy'sboro resident Bruce Michael Wayne I wonder if he's that Bruce Wayne Was a nationwide distributed drug when you had to be on drugs to walk around him in tights My god Bruce Wayne and what about robin know what about if I'm trying to find it The adventures of Batman with Robin Oh, I wonder He was like, eh Batman and Robin Nine of two are working to drive and corrupt Who's three like you see? You're not as pedophile That's what I mean, it really wasn't worth it We had passed noon at five sixty WDQ and we got the more Howard day of pizza thief More Howard David and two we got mad dog at four Curtis Stevenson at ten no kind of Adelaide and the Catalan at ten other old Jew Hey the Emerald coast is Florida's number one aging gourmet buffet is rated by the get restaurant review And now every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring mean lobster sir Thermador style and every night at the Emerald coast is crab fest with less than Stroke crab legs dungeon and scrap and Jonas Stone crab The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar that sushi With over 30 I'm just excited I'm just looking back at you the Emerald coast also served New York state's cook juicy and delicious Just the way you like him and even handcuff primary and on the weekends for dessert Leave room for the Emerald coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. Thank you Josh You can end if you're on strawberries marshmallows other that can treat In fact, we're gonna give Josh the commission on this account because Adam obviously is falling down on the job I don't forget the Emerald coast for most health. It live in cooking other fine cuisine only with cholesterol No oil no MSD no cornstarch no crap though headaches just a big smile on your very very fat and push when you walk out of there So book your reservations of when I'm a close three locations They're all open and do a business right now and sunrise sunny house beach and pepper pines for the Emerald coast Chinese buffet, which is the best in the universe called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 This is New Rogers This is 5-16-2-8 Black baby in this country in your crime rate with your dance The federal government is the small and the government is the state Under wintering criticism from both parties, brown offered no authority And mostly brown others should have offered because hundreds of dollars Oh my brown there's no one left to blame I said brownie You're the government shame I said brownie Short cool breeze up and framed is no one I know who's more famous George Bush We'd better make them shut up before he says If we're too whomever stop you can defend him But I'm sure you won't buy many things that he should do time You can go back to your horsoes Today those Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official His testimony must be cleared by the wife Yeah, I'm sure you're not going to be able to do that But I think that's why I'm not going to do that I think that's why I'm not going to do that You remain at administration official His testimony must be cleared by the wife I still can't get over the fact that those emails They made a little bit of a deal out of it for about two minutes And that was the end of that I mean it's so unbelievable and not only that but the guy still on the payroll It's a rate of 147 grand a year Yeah, he's still on the freaking payroll But he's a health-assnapping rationale Yes, he is And he's in our role at this leaves and do do do do Just like Ross P. Rose, then I do do do do Just on label 744 votes on our pool Which of these things stands out most in your memory? Where were you when the 9 level of attack took place during the 15? When you first got laid 196 when JFK was shot 141 Hurricane Andrew struck South Florida 42 and the challenger exploded 37 That was the one with the school teacher When built-in was in peach six Bobby Kennedy was shot four Mark Luther King was shot Scott a pair now The OJ bird was announced one OJ being chased in the freeway none and rattle ragan shot none How is it possible that OJ freeway chase was like My god It looks stuck out and you're mind pretty heavy doing it Go on and then we thought we'd actually because I wish that when he had that gun was he You know, with an AJ would have said The voter figure is he would have been so dangerous I'd say this all out of grief I'll tell you that And say this satellite company is a lot of theft too That also was on I'm sure some of the news last week where sick of the dog Which one about OJ in the satellite having to pay What is it? No, 43 however many grand some though listed oh yeah In a spare time, he's not doing drugs. He's stealing satellite signals Yeah, who is it? Oh this story you know something I don't know why I stuck this in the middle of the pile It's a little on the long side, but see there's an old saying I think my mother used to say do you think you know something? I mean when you hear something that is so radical and so just outrageous And of course the American people most of whom never go anywhere Because only 10% at passport so don't try to tell me you get around too much But the stuff that goes on in the world is no longer they eat that all that curry You know new Delhi Sharon Preet Coward 19 has been had been married less than nine months When her husband and his family decided it was time for her to go Trapping her in the bathroom or husband clans his hand over her mouth While his father duster with kerosene according to a police document The father then lit a match setting his daughter law on fire She died five days later Indies endless dowry war has had claimed another victim Now what's standing the gold jewelry color TV set other fireman that served as the price of admission to her husband's middle class sick household And sick you can spell it anyway you like Sharon Preet's new relations were not satisfied with the body and kept demanding more According to Sharon Preet's relatives and a statement she gave investigators before she died Even before the sensitive my father and I used to put pressure on me to get more money Said this statement by the young woman who was three months pregnant The case is unusual only because Sharon Preet lived long enough to point if finger at her legs the attackers who claimed the fire was accidental I'm surprised that it was a suicide The incident underscores the deeply influenced nature of dowry and its grim coerleery the murder of young brides whose families failed to handle and he up Even in the face of rising levels of income and education linked to India's past growing economy In particular the death of a young newly wed a shy deeply religious school teachers daughter Who has been at a college degree in working computer graphics shows that the age-old practice in jurors even and perhaps especially among me educated urban middle class in India Despite laws borrowing Dawry and decades of protest and public awareness campaigns a nationwide survey of 10,000 households by the all India Democratic Women's Association in 2002 Found that the practice was no longer confined to the Hindu upper classes were originated But had spread across a broad range of classes and communities including Muslims and Christians One consequence is the growing birth of baby girls in India where many middle class parents during the high cost of dowry have taken to a boarding female fetus Identified through ultrasound exams the skewed sex ratio is most pronounced and relatively prosperous area such as New Delhi the capital where the 2001 census found 868 girls for everyone thousand boys under eight six the figure for India as a whole is nine hundred thirty three girls for everyone thousand boys I think in a way it's very shocking that social relations are not changing in a fast growing economy said run Johnny Kumari director the Center for Social Research in New Delhi All this modernization liberalization globalization, all this modern economy and the people are changing the mindset is so rigid kind of sounds like all those Fartisan the right wing we're bored again Christians. There are some signs of progress for example number reported dowry killings is differently From 6,051 in 2001 to only 6,285 in 2003 the most recent year for which stats are available and two years ago Indian news media made a hero one out of Nisha Sharma a 21 year old computer student who some employees were wedding when the groom's family escalated their dowry demands at the last minute Matthew Moni lands placed by parents and prospective wives occasionally come with a camphoriot dowry seekers need not apply By all accounts however dowry giving remains the Norman Indian marriages the unique of the union of Sharon Pete Cower and Sard G. to sing was no exception and goes down with it. We got to store on our website. I want to read the whole thing How do you like that now? Maybe color whatever color TV go away right few other charts can you see right not enough so they like that was to have a Kerosene like to in the bathroom and set a rest on time. I was getting everyone see her no more she didn't hang on for five days though That's your friends in India. Yeah, but he they're gonna pay for that policy because like you said in this story because it's been going on for a long time To keep the board of those females the females are gonna get scarce and then what and then they'll all turn day Well, hey, I know a few of those people from India man They are party animals trust me when I tell you I call them sometimes that career Roma kind of gets in the way rhymes with gay Twenty-two one at five sixty-one a QA a murkying will mud damage your car so then now you're in the market for a brand new one Get on down and see our good friends that I'm strong for the homestead to help you through these trying times I'm strong for will even pick you up and bring it to the dealership Now for nation-wide is giving all hurricane victims a seven hundred fifty dollar check and they've got rich and stuff Also giving you seven fifty that means they'll give you fifty and rebuk toward the purchase of a forward only at Armstrong for the homestead This is an addition of course to all four regrets and discounts of their entire inventory when you buy new four from Armstrong for not only you get great deal But you also still get Armstrong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program and Armstrong for like I've been telling you for a very long time Treat you like family because they want to make you a customer for life. You'll get a better deal on a fort any place No bait and switch no full need deals no BS just fantastic prices that are absolutely unbeatable Armstrong for the homestead the Retrie of 725 South the C. I wait just 20 minutes out of the 36 check them on the wicked web Armstrong cars calm or give David Richie call a 305 247 51 12 and asking to come and pick your ass up and get that 15 her books toward your purchase right now Travel a little and save thousands at Armstrong for it of homestead Well 44 560 WQM will get information on the condition of the macarina because it says here pants is an arrangers at the macarina on Wednesday night game is on your Florida Panthers who really disappointing me of course You're new and that is perpetually injured and they just don't screw no goals but other men 760 votes on the pool I think we go for 900 what do you say all right got a shot what you say Josh 900 we can do it. Yeah, we can do it You're a son we're on through the answer though. Yeah, for anybody who missed the early part of the show that's one of the classic lines in his demand kind if you're listening on Friday and you heard a McGill and Josh and I debating the pros and cons of body wash and I guess we all agree now that All of our McGill even said he uses like half and half because he still likes to happen to soap now and him But we read pretty much on the body wash, but the way you apply it that seemed to me the greatest cause of constipation and consternation Not really I'm happy with the way I claim myself know you wrong you wrong and George or we would do though it will be three against one. Yeah, well, they do have What are those things called? No, I'll leave a leaf a thing. I got all the things these guys which tell me is lupha, but it's a little leaf Yeah, but then there's a new product based on the loop of called the leafa. Yeah, that's someone I got L E A F A I'm gonna get me something like that. It's not a scrunty. It doesn't look gay at all. It just looks like a sponge unless you get the pink one like I got yeah Yeah, everybody's got to think what's up? I only got to think of because that's the only one they had on their hook And they're I don't like her what color is you know, I just got to pink one too. Yeah, I don't want to hear about it And nothing I'm gonna get me a leafa. There you go. So so in other words Josh you're starting to be in there with Miguel So Miguel this morning came in and finally admitted to Josh court is that he did use his girlfriend's wife I'm sorry. I'm not sure whether it was wise or his girlfriend. So lives Squeezy there with his body washed this was it this morning last night's pink Lufa the pink Lufa scrunty and when he finished with that shower He felt like he had washed every ounce of masculinity off his body. Right down the drain there. Oh That is so That's the word I'm looking for just just typical though absolutely typical I mean if you want to do a psychological study honest this macho hang up of Latinos men is just positively staggering staggering and including the majority of your people by the way who do anything that's living even like a A fire ant that would exploit a lot. Yeah, anyway. Sure So thanks to David and Tampa Paxon CEO resigns as part of deal with NBC universal How do I really want to read this whole thing? How do I really care about this? Just that way action communications corporation found around keep executive the youngest blood taxes Retiny and they from the broadcast network and television station operator. I'll be succeeded to see Oh, I our brand and birdless executive I present general electric NBC universal which owns 32% stake in Paxon as part of the new agreement with Paxon NBC universal as 18 must do we do require the company or find a third party to buy Paxon This guy just swimming in money. He's just a total formulae and just they Although we hit some interesting times working there, you know I don't totally regret those a few months of Paxon. It was interesting. It was a one-year solid wasn't it? No, one year solid my ass We started there in November of whatever year that was what year was in 91 Paxon I OD we started there in whatever year that one out was more than 95. Yeah, wait later Because we've been eight years of this dump So like 96 who on all those one of what that's not important what year was you start November and then in May was the end Oh, yeah, all right, may I'll take your word for neor June because I remember I was on the way the airport I'm we're on a way to Rome going on vacation and I had that frantic message on the reconcered show from Norma Kent and The call me if you're listening and blah blah blah now call from the airport and yeah, you're okay You're golden you're off for seven months. Well, let's see do the math made a June July August September October November December. Yeah, it was the anime made 30 to like the end of December seven months That had the non-competes so they paid me for seven months enough to come back and I went oh, right Yeah, well, everybody in our lifetime should get one of those deals get paid for seven months for not having to work And you pay a lot. I mean a lot Although I did I had to pay for myself though that time out of go drive to the station to pick up my check remember Yeah, had that little incident there on the Curve around there the exit off of the turn five they're going to the era of the stadium exit Yeah, I ended up your head Magnet of my head a little bit then you slip me there that hospital there. Yeah, yeah, it might be believed Dr. back then said I should be your worst problem. Remember him don't don't mention his name I will The doctor who always had that good supply on hand seven hundred and seventy five votes on the pool and OJ being chased on the freeways got one already I told you that thing would go zooming up there tonight. Well, I guess people are more interested in the first time they got late Is opposed to like OJ being chased in the freeway and then I love it. I take see this is all a timeline kind of thing In fact if JFK was shot 146 in third place now You'd have to be there was over 20 second 63. That's 37 and 542 years ago You probably would have to be one 47 remember that okay more than that. I'll take your word for it about fitting Well, no, how old do you have to be to remember a little kid if you were a little kid then you wouldn't remember it So I'd say it probably have to be like six or seven maybe say seven. So I mean you had to be about fitting Well, that's okay. We got a lot of old parts out there too And of course in my case. So you can no longer call people old parts when he gets to be 60 feet the only good part of it is on Friday Hank told me it was 65 which I thought it was 64 I know he was the oldest old Jew fart on the station, but he's 65 And more was you know, it's the year younger than I am so he's 62 now All we need to do now is find out the post 60s group how old any cares? Anybody have any idea? No, he's definitely 60 something you think and Kaplan get out of here. Are you crazy? Well, I think he's at least 60 looks late 50s, but what do I know? May 50s my ass You want to bet on it? Any affinity the morning line over the under somebody there know is somebody who knows how old any k is maybe It is listening I doubt it call it and let us know how dear. It's the 60 plus club or much old Jews How do you like that Joel fine bird? Man, what a jerk Did you actually get to see though hour by hour did they leave those for you? No, it'll fix up all I can tell is because they need to like to tend to a extrapolation which we kick this and a lot of their a lot of their hours began with a oh That number was kind of embarrassing The Avengers and Carlisle for Toronto gift the cleaning Oh boy Billy Harris that was the late the great Dan Kelly there from KM Luxon say Lewis Inside the bunker from the Guardian UK his administration has become its own Republic of fear and bushes a prisoner to the right right Sydney Blumenthal I've found to read this yes It's not we're long and a story either one year after his real life in prison and bush governance from a bunker We go forward with complete competency broken into second and all real address He urged our youngest citizens to see the future in the determine faces of our soldiers to choose between Evelyn courage But as you listen that they vice president dictating knew the election have been secured by a cover up I would have wished nothing better declared Patrick Fitzgerald in his press conference of October 28th announcing the indictment of I'll be with the scooter limit the vice president's chief of staff that when the subpoena's worship August 2004 Witnesses testified then and we would have been here in October 2004 instead of October 2005 No one would have went to jail the indictment documents That Channey confirmed the identity of Valerie Plain to him the indictment also describes the figure called official A Subsequently this goes to be Carl Roe of the president's chief political advisor when formed Libertad told a conservative communist Robert Novak of Plain status the next day Let me conferred with chaining how to handle the matter that very day Let me reveal claims identity to two reporters then will be falsely testified that learned planes name from reporters On September 30th About 13 minutes 2003 president Bush and fatally stated that he wanted anyone as a administration with information about the plane Lake to come forward on June 10th 2004 it pleads at any one on the staff who leaked claims and would be fired in it when the Libby of that was an auspulsion Cheney praised him as a fine-tubber servant still under investigation row remains in the west wing But Cheney knew during the presidential campaign they discussed with Libby how to deal with Plain now Bush knows that Roe had enabled Robert Novak to publish her identity But the president's promised to fire officials is suddenly in operative Libby's alleged cover up was undertaken the skirt of neoconservative Leninism any tactic is rationalized by the vanguard which has all policy and uses the party as its instrument If he attestified truthfully in October 2004 the result would have consumed the final laser the campaign His lead in this logic from it in him to protect the Republican cause, but has tainted Bush's victory in history Bush took his 2004 win as a resounding mandate for a right wing agenda When each right turn however his popularity declined Iraq acted as an accelerator of his fall is nominated for a marriage for the Supreme Court was an acknowledgment of a sharply narrow political space While the Republican masses supported in the Leninist rights stage to revolt and Bush's Coney is an opportunism they saw his deviation with the prosecutors indictment a minute Bush would Room Myers name broadly unpopular. He could not suffer a split right his new nominee Federal judge Samuel Alito a reliable sectarian is attribute to his bunker strategy Hoshnits to his failed fortune Bush is a prisoner of the right is a Administration has become its own Republic of Fear Libby's trial will reveal the administration's political methods chaining along with the host of others will be called to testify Whatever other calamities may be fall for these their specter heavies him to the right This unity the solution in Vansalation or hom marks of the path of consolation and Lenin wrote in what is to be done The vanguard on the Panthers grow criticize for being an exclusive group must impose any retreat proposed by the opportunist We are guard we're surrounded by and on all sides by enemies and we have to advance almost constantly under their fire All of you good for the bush might you are saying that Look in really bad in fact tomorrow's election day right election day in verb big governor's race in Virginia nothing too important around In fact all boy couldn't wouldn't be great if this was like 2006 Wouldn't it be we'd be like have answered our pants and do the fat man's 791 votes I bet if I refresh it's cost 800 right now 794 we got a chance at the 900 during show time today and Considering the fact that a six to clock this morning FDL still had 176,400 households with no power and date rower in Palm Beach that is absolutely Acceptable outrageous I don't understand why there's not a climax and suit against them and you ought to be a part of it you ought to suit their ass Where do I say that why not? Why do you hate America? That's why it was in large part there negligence on the pills and the whole song it is that caused So much of this power to be out and for so long too for people like you the suffer and get sick Yeah, everyone I take everyone in the house Like I said I was saying that all day both days that I was confident and everybody was sick as a dog Yeah, it's like a fight who's gonna get up and go do something You know and everybody's fighting about who gets to go do it 100 6,700 households in Broward 62,100 in Dave County and only 77 in Palm Beach 176,400 still as a six this morning sitting there in the dark One where you float a plunder will never come to their rescue hold your breath They're telling us 95% by the end of the day tomorrow 95% 800 and two votes end of pool man. I can smell it now. You know I can smell that 900 Smells just like Josh Reed This is New Roger This is 5 16 Oh So this is This is not a tumor is the one to two hour this Doesn't Danny Dead I think it was Tuesday or Wednesday before we went out to take a little bit of a thing of the movie that Alec Baldwin was in. The court would make me say that I was going to go out and get it and I saw it was on a cable at the next night and I realized that I was seen it and it was out of no. You don't want to see it. Did you watch monsters ball yet? No. You were going to send that to me and it was Brian to send to you. He sent me a picture of his house after the hurricane which was like two bad. And he sent me the disk. Didn't send me no monsters balls though. He didn't even send me most third ball. I think I gave it to him to send. That's a lot of attention. I'm not really sure. That's a lot of attention. He was good. He was very good. He had the craft just beat the living snout out of where he made to me. He's kiddin' that movie in the court. But I don't know, maybe he wouldn't. I'm not really sure. If it could be a good thing. You can't get it out of the car. I said, well, Brian, I said a lot about it for you. Yeah. Eight hundred and fourteen votes on that poll today. We're going to make our 900 by two o'clock. And then Tom Dick is going to write a big headline in a sunset several of them are on the front page. And he arrived to show me 900 votes on the right after the hurricane. Listen, he didn't have to mention my name. At least he could have said the staff at QAM and I would be or whatever, right? I'm going to give him a little credit for radio people, but no. And this shows again where he's comin' from. That's all he knows is television. Right? He doesn't tell a reason on his television or television on his radio. Maybe he's gettin' telling him a audio one is pop up toaster. Maybe there's even television comin' out of town's window. Right, so now knows. I think you need to come to terms with that. It was what? The fact that he doesn't care about radio anymore. Oh, I know that. Well, I know one another thing about him too. He's five, two, three. I know that. And he's good that buddies with Hank, which he knows when I'm... I really enjoy doing that because I don't hanker kind of squirms in the chair. Like this thing about Pete Rose Jr., I actually saved it. You want to know why? Why? Kind of Hank will call in signal. Well, it's okay. I didn't say this to him. Because when you know every time I bring up Pete Rose, he's got like, I don't know what kind of dealings he's got with him. I'm probably gonna go share the same book here or something. I don't know, baby. But every time I bring that up, he gets kind of uncomfortable and changes the subject. And so it's talkin' about... No, or some crap like that. I mean, what would you rather a trash Pete Rose or Moe? Well, I'm asking a wrong guy. Yeah. I thought that Josh did a really... That was a nice thing he did a nice gesture. He did a very gentlemanly way, very in the spirit of cooperation and friendship and extending the olive branch. I agree. Think through any olives on. In fact, it was pepperoni and sausage. That's why it was a little offended. That's a good piece. Yeah, that's a good piece. That's a good piece. And from Tony's up to Street, this wasn't just... This wasn't Chef Boy RDP today. You roll out in your smear a bunch of soy sauce on it. They cook it so the sausage and the pepperoni is crispy on top. Right. But just play with it. You don't have a tear over there at Tony's. But like I said, he wasn't hostile. He didn't say, oh, don't be a smart ass. I'm gonna yell, could have been a whole bunch of responses. Maybe he just ate. Because you'd have to possibility, right? Correct. Most people eat at a normal person. Or maybe he just continues handing us like poison, which I think is much more likely. And just didn't want to be bothered. Yeah. We tried. We continued trying, no, no matter what. We'll continue extending the olive branch and either grab it or I can snap at it. California man caught... Now this is nothing new. I don't know why they put this to ren here. Like this is something new in original. California man caught in the HOV lane with a dummy. Okay. Well, years ago, when they first started with it, though I don't have that. You have the cart where Rick we were saying, is you dummy? I don't have that. I do have that. He has him on clear straight. Right now. No, but when they started with the HOV lane and Florida on the inner state, there were people doing that. In fact, I think that some of the guys were using it, putting their blow up dollar in the passenger seat. Sand Murphy, out California, see what you want about police over here. My could never charge for an autograph. It would dummy. Oh, is it great? Well, we sure missed Rick Waverman. There was the voices and the dolphins made no mistake about it. He was no Jimmy Ciffleus. Well, I think Jimmy had a great call on that came yesterday. What do you think, Josh? I heard like one minute of it. Well, he actually did hear a minute of an end. Does he make any a strides? Not by my one minute. No. Hey, Jimmy, you suck, baby. Hey, Jimmy civilists, you're fair. Say what you want about police officers, but they're no dummies. The California Highway Patrol gave Kevin Morgan, 28 of Petaluma. It's $151 citation for driving a high occupancy vehicle or HOV lane where they kick boxing dummy, propped up in the passenger seat. You would dummy. The dummy was wearing a Miami doll. The dolphin was wearing a Miami dolphins windbreaker and baseball cap. But off is it. Will Thompson notice that the past year had no legs. When I looked inside his window, I thought, Oh, that's cute. Thompson said, I don't even ask him where he got it. I think he was pretty embarrassed because all the people driving by were laughing their ass off. He said Thompson often parks next to a carpool lane and stands on his corridor or rail to work down into passing vehicles. His thought of you a lot of him and see the legless dummy. I think about the only thing he said was, well, that didn't help me very much. I said, I said, no, it didn't. Thompson in place that I'm in a freeway shorter to the two other commuters from similar schemes. All right, that is great. Going a dolphins cap and a dolphins windbreaker. Oh, how perfect. Thank you. We're just for a minute. Let me show them a gusty rock. Hey, listen, when you continue with all the trash, all the old boiled over warm over from Jay Feeler to AJ touchy Feely and gusty rock. This is their idea of a quarterback. How are you going to build a winning organization? No matter how great your defense is or anything else you got going or you're running game. When you got no quarterback, huh? Does the tech a genius even George knows that? Even George hates sports like he hates spectators sports like poison. Even George knows if you don't have a good quarterback, you're not going to win squat. Even you know that. Right. Let's deploy. Yeah, let's fly. That gusts were hot blows. That's what I hear. No, you're confusing with Peyton Manning now. 828 votes on that pole man. We are going to kick some serious ass by two o'clock. You watch. We hate you, Tom. WDQAM. QAM. Hey. Hey. I said, do information was just released about those two cheerleaders they were caught in the Can. Yeah. One of them was getting a brown finger. Ha. Ha. Ha. Well, he's right. That is something we could inform you. Rimes with a Huzinga. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. That was great. I don't think so. I think he had the wrong color. For nevertheless, I'm up to color of money. How about the color purple? 5605. Just give him a number for somebody's great calls here. Oh, I got a good story that you would like a good article by Confident who will about Walmart since I look at the point. Right. Oh, just my phone again. Boy, that about time that the package is shown up like crazy. Maybe that phone in the back. You didn't want it. Oh, you think that's what it is? Maybe. I was hoping it was my. My. What's your call it? My humanifier that ordered online. I've tried to sell them. I really like ordering stuff online now. Yeah, it's great. Especially when it gets there. Yeah. Oklahoma high school. Hoops team loses 112 to 2. Uh, this was an ill-biter. Rollsboro Oklahoma. Uh, the Hannah high school basketball team can take some Consolation. Didn't get shut out. It didn't however lose 112 to 2 on Friday night to Rollsboro. It was embarrassing to watch Rollsboro coach Jim Walling told the Oklahoma. But you can't just tell your kids not to score. I'm in coaching 27 years. Never been involved in something like this. The Wildcats, the 42 to Zip after 1 quarter, 73 to 2 and half time. Walling pulled the start as in the second half. Oh, that was nice of him. And Game of Thrones kept running clock. Stopping it only for free throws. Each player in Earl's roast, 10 man boys, roster scored. Seven players finished in double. Double figures. 122. That's Eric. How much even, uh, what's an English for rock can play out a game like that? Of any sport. What do you think? No. 833 vote on a poll. There's what we got so far. Which is, oh, look at that votes on a farad Marina and Glen Cove and Long Island. In other news. Oh, okay. 833 votes. Oh, there's that guy in Houston who is on a bicycle and drunk as a skunk. See, people are probably thinking, if one of the sky was pretty clever to escape off, death roll like that, right? Yeah. And guess it not quite so clever as we thought. It's a state away from where he was where he had escaped. And our team, the open-hime is in Houston. Texas or authorities still have many questions. Yeah, a lot of questions. Like, and of course, you recall a Ted Bunny there. But now actually, I can never get a straight in my mind. Was it in Salt Lake City? Where was it? What jail was he? And where he just walked, they left him in the room alone. He walked out the window, opened up the window, walked down just disappeared. Every time I hear about something like that, I want to say Florida. No, but no, was not. Okay. Now, this was like, oh, and in fact, this may have been in the northwest of in Seattle. Or where have it held me with originally from? Don't know. Well, work on it. 833 vote. Which of these three things stands out in most in your memory? Where were you when? The night level of the tactic placed to ended 45. When I first got laid to 18, when you had K with shot 154. Perk in Andrew Stork, Florida 49. The challenge was exploded 44. Bill Clinton was impeached. Six. The OJ verdict was announced five. Bobby Kennedy was shot five. OJ was being chased on a freeway for Martin Luther King with shot two. And Ronnie Reagan with shot Solomon Teooney. And that probably was Nancy. This is Neil Rogers. This is five. Hi, Sebastian. Hi, Sebastian. Thank you. Thanks. So, where is the door for door for door? Oh, right. Oh, the door for door. Oh, the door for door. Oh, the door for door. Door. Oh, the night. Said, oh, the word that seaweed said for that. He's got a lot of thought in the door, but I'm not going to waste. I don't get a crack or a nightmare. He messes me saying it. He says he wants to force things to guys. And what? I don't know what I'm talking about. I've been morning at the condo. I can't get a bit of a doubt. And not my way to the condo. I call my phone to mess it out. I give a fuck condo. Say bye. I'm sorry. So, you don't back and out. I'm sorry. So, you're back and out. I'm sorry. I'm back and out. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And I'm sorry. It's not a good thing. This is just a great thing. It's a great thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. And the good thing. The good thing is just a good thing. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, you're back and out. Why you the- Oh, and I got a wall. You were so full. I know everything is going on with Dadal. Why I'm in the walls of your Marjorle. I'm back to the Jig, Daddy. Oh. I'm so bad. You know I'm got to get my butt wet? What's the Bette is you, and I hate you, right? I know I hate Noah Ivey. But when I drop I Voice push aye. You were asking for a video to start a death set stue. I have to take the scarf as well, and then I'll just turn it off. That's better than meat. Tell me if you want to change. I'm a little wisdom now, don't worry about that. Once loved rebate it We got 850 votes on our poll today. Where were you when? Where were you and maybe they were in the T-room at the banana jose? Think possibly. Maybe that's what they got the purple finger. I thought that made you just voted no rank was it purple It's been a tough year for walmarts is Katrina vented hovel and things are about to get tougher and George says Last Tuesday to work from Mayor of Robert Greenwald's Walmart the high cost of low price S-E-I-U-Chief Andy Stern declared this isn't just the premiere of a movie. It's the premiere of a movement You can almost smell it during the week at November 13th and 19th next week over 3000 screenings of the film are playing in all 50 states and 19 companies throughout Walmart awake the two largest groups Supposing the retail BMX practices Walmart watch and Walmart wake up Walmart are planning on press And in the series of actions are to have static thrilled almost makes it worthwhile going through all that hell for two weeks Almost Spiralling into PR crisis mode the world's largest corporation is just assembly rapid response public relations team and Arkansas Which includes former presidential advisors Michael K. Debr of the Reagan administration and Leslie Danch of the Clinton White House Walmart's new war room Certainly has its work cut out for itself while the movement of change Walmart is week-stay fever pitch Throughout the year Walmart watch and wake up Walmart of a Wednesday Terribly and highly coordinated campaign here some of the highlights Innovative boycotts over 2000 teachers students to the activism more than 20 states participated in wake-up Walmart's national Sin Walmart back to school campaign with the AFT and NEA Irving students to buy school supplies it stores other than Walmart over 20,000 Americans play it's not to buy their mother's day gifts at Walmart. Thanks to wake-up Walmart's love mom not Walmart campaign Make Walmart chair about health care campaign wake-up Walmart help coordinate more than 120 house parties in 38 states a lot of heart-linklighters was in them. We slide to over 150 actions and creating legislators to crack down on Walmart's health care policy Thanks largely to pressure from wake-up Walmart supporters representative Anthony Weener Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator John Corzine introduced the health care accountability acting Congress Which would request states to disclose the names of large employers whose workers are on Medicaid as the result of the companies Refusal of providing insurance benefits the fair share health care act Representatives of wake-up Walmart and Walmart watch lobby Maryland's legislature and help pass the first legislative Innovation that would require large companies specifically Walmart to pay for health benefits for its employees although Republican Governor Robert early vetoed the bill movement the movement to get such legislation passed other states Just begun over 2000 wake-up Walmart supporters have pledged to lead the fight in their states to introduce fair share health care legislation Locking the bank in September Walmart watched delivered over 11,000 signed petition to the FDIC in opposition of Walmart's application We're an industrial loan charter in Utah Acquired of Walmart watch a Utah ILC would effectively grab Walmart to build the loan business and individuals money to spend in Walmart's stores Violating prohibitions against the mixing of banking and commerce the participants have had a staggering impact on the FDIC and Significantly delayed the ILC process says Walmart watch spokesperson Tracy Seffel and the leaked memo on October 26 Walmart watch delivered a knockout blow to Walmart the corporation had just made giant strides to rebuild its image Publicly declaring its intentions to offer health care plans for its employees and voicing support for a federal minimum wage increase The very next day the New York Times published a cover store and leaked internal memo acquired by Walmart watch Which detailed Walmart's plans to systematically weed out unhealthy employees and applicants in order to avoid health care costs The exposure the memo instantly deflated Walmart's Hollywood temp at an image makeover We don't want to destroy Walmart. We want to change it to make it a decent remaining company Which week it could easily do since Chris Cophina's communication director wake up Walmart who stresses that Walmart will be a key issue And the 2006 and 2008 campaign elections were not gonna rest asleep one bit until it happens and she writes the nation is part of a wide-coilers in the group Organizations and publications talking to generally interest in the screenings. How you like that? You go, boy. Yeah, because I'm sure we hate Walmart and Florida plunder and loot not necessarily mad order Oh, I think in that order in today. Maybe not really. Yeah. Wow. That says a lot. I've been hating Walmart for years 800 in the city. I'm not the ones that were responsible for your power being off until yesterday I know aren't they they are Of course not eight hundred and sixty one way us play it on them. That's a dog that I think Let's play it on mo Eight sixty one and a pull of men if we don't get to nine hundred by two o'clock there'll be something really wrong I think we can all agree that it'll be a piece of cake, right? Right no brainer and then if we make nine hundred a thousand tomorrow Let's get back to business. Okay. I told you today was the day after two weeks of us screwing off although Now let me just check and see all the long positive the answer will be absolutely positively. Oh no Let me just add a curiosity see if there's a new update a one o'clock number on the F. Feel what do you think any bets? I want to say we got to find out and I'm shocked that nobody came in there and so oh any 61 by the way Ready, you know nobody told you. I don't think there's anybody here What lunch hour You know here the lunch two hours nobody took the trouble what I bunch of slack as we got there man If we had any cooperation if we had anybody given us even like a little finger I'm not talking about that one You know I'm saying this a little happened hand For a disturbing story by the way before it's any about Michael Jackson's single that you're going to want to void divine on Katrina Oh gee, I was just gonna run up there and get it. Yeah go to Walmart and get it How's that sound? There's no one o'clock The FBI secret scrutiny now. This is a very long story which I think Josh would agree with I'm gonna ask you a question when you put these stories on there. Yeah The length of the strumming this story is like how do you how do you do this? Or you don't what do you mean? The most stories ten pages long. Yeah, I know I remember it And you had to go through the whole ten pages. That's right. Why? Well, let's say I wanted to make up for this weekend For slack them off of the week and I you got your internet spec The FBI secret scrutiny now. I know I could be an idiot read all ten pages We wouldn't have anybody by listening. I'm just gonna read the first part of them Maybe it'll tantalize you you'll be pissed off enough to read the rest of it online because it's it's very long But it's also very as scary even though Halloween is over I must confess I'm even a little bit of a snack you're doing the show which is bad We get some. That's all right If you tell what is it sure you're saying a little bit. I'm like you're snacking your lips a little bit I'm snacking it alpine lace with cheese light Mmm, that's good stuff. I'm a fruity light and I really don't know because I'm not I don't buy in the days You know, I don't buy in the fat that anti-fent a low fat crap. That's all a bunch of lies But this just happens to taste really good. I don't know what it is about it And if I'm gonna get fat I'll get it from the brought worst Or it'll be nothing like a good brought or she'll tell you Anyway, here's the story. I don't be content to read it with my mouth full of cheese What up do it the FBI sequence scrutiny in hunt for terrorists beer or examins records of ordinary Americans by Barton Gilman of the Washington Post The FBI came calling in Windsor Connecticut this summer with a document marked for delivery by hand on Madhianic Avenue across from the tennis courts two special agents filed their man to give George Christian the letter Which warned him to tell no one ever what it said None of the shield and stars of the FBI crest The letter directed Christian to surrender all subscriber information Billion information access logs of any person who you they specific computer and a library branch some distance away Christian who manages digital records for three dozen Connecticut libraries said an affidate with any configures of system for privacy But defenders of the software he operates at their databases can reveal the websites the visitors browse The email accounts the open and the books they borrow Christian refused to hand over those records and his employer library connection ink files suit for the right to protest the FBI Demand in public the Washington Post established their identities to under sealed mues could have appealed for the second circuit by Comparing unsealed persons of the file with public records and information green from people who had no knowledge of the FBI demand The Connecticut case affords are rare glimpse of an exponentially growing practice of domestic surveillance under the USA Patriot act. Oh my god, which markets fourth anniversary of tuberque 26 National security letters created in the 70s for SB inaugurant terrorism investigation originated as narrow exception than consumer privacy law And they linked the FBI review in secret the customer records are suspected for an agent's the Patriot Act The Bush administration guidelines for its use Transform those letters by promoting clandestine scrutiny of US residents and visitors who are not allowed to be terrorist or spies The FBI now is his more than 30,000 National security letters a recorded a government source a hundred full increase over historic norms the letters One which can be used to sweep up the records of many people are standing the bureau's reach as never before the telephone calls Correspondence and financialized ordinary Americans all of these all of these things Issued by FBI fields and providers National security letters don't need the impramature of a prosecutor grandeur or judge They received no review after the fact by the distant Department of Congress the executive branch maintains only statistics Which are incomplete and find a class of our reports the Bush administration defeated legislation and lawsuit to require a public accounting and is offered No example in which the use of a national security letter helped to disrupt a terrorist plot The burgeoning use of national security letters coincides with an unannounced decision to deposit all the information They yield in the government data banks and assure those private records widely in the federal government and beyond In late 2003 the Bush administration revert to law standing policy require agents to destroy their files on innocent American citizens Companies and residents when investigations close late last month president bush sign executive order 13388 expanding access to those files for state local and travel governments and for appropriate private sector entities Which are not defined all of these things and that's all gonna read it goes on for changes But it'll make you up your pants a lot chillin. Yeah, and all you chillin will p2 Watch bobs and button biking Remember again Denis Glen Oh Don't neuen I don't know, Paul, you think it's so cool. Say go up and take a picture. I didn't even say, I'm so cool. What can I do? What can I do? What can I do? I don't know. What can I do? What can I do? What can I do? What can I do? I don't know. I don't know. What can I do? I don't know. I got something. What is it? My virginity's lost. I give me back my baggy blue shoe. That's why you show you who's the horse. That's good. Back to the same tune as Paul. What tune? Paul. Paul. God. Aren't you playing this? I don't know. Do you want a leg? My quid. No. No. Where did you go? What him doing? The hot man. General? Of course. General. You little fool. What do you know? I don't know. Are you. Stop. Your whole with? One to me. Coach. Huh? Right Shane Let's dig into it Manpow... Um... Left smoke No N-Yes We have Phoenix he's going to wait till the 60th birthday, so I'm for Oprah, say the old news club, the OJC. That's the Ontario Jockey Club, the OJC, the old news club on QM. We're old and we're Jewish, how do you like that? Joel, find where you're, you're quizzling. Yeah, big deal. Ever taken your fan ass, okay? With all your daddies money. You couldn't go out there and buy an audience to be handed out $1,000 bills on a street corner. Give it a shot, Joel. Might as well. Better than giving the three and five dolphins for an event in your, for the rest of broadcast to squeak your way through to those games. Jimmy Syphilis, rumor I'm here and is that Jimmy is just about an emergency losing a Jimmy. You're fairy. Terrible. They were intrigued by the idea of pairing two-fst off and they are great. How about putting a real broadcast to run there? Even Jim Sarny, a little sarcastic comment a few weeks ago about all these different people they got on there now, they need to be a play by play guy. Even Sarny, who is usually mum scared of his own shadow, don't want to say anything. Even he threw a little shot. But I'm sure that Barry will tell you, he'll be right now, and Gary games, Jimmy's getting better and better on our sister's station. Even those two cheerleaders from the Carol and a Panthers don't have an in-sistance relationship like Barry Jackass and a Harold, okay? Even those two sisters that were dealing with whatever they were doing trying to figure out life. That's what they were doing in there, okay? You know, girls always go to the bathroom together. Yeah, help them out. Eight hundred ninety-eight votes. Man, we're like right on a virgin on a hundred will do that. He's probably shouldn't make it like nine fifty, but they're not going to do it, though. Okay, pushing and pushing and pushing when you get, you know, so I get it at the thio and it would mind. You got to head a couple thousand, you walk to the door, you say have a nice day, good box. That's it, don't push it. When I was nice when they gave me 525 bucks, you know what I'm talking about? Not amazing, that is amazing. Of course I could lose that in about 20 minutes on a cold machine, but nevertheless, Michael Jackson is close to completing his charity single for Hurricane Katrina Relief, and hopes to release the song sometime this month, as folks will when said late last week. That's the place in the middle east. Oh man, it's just really easy to live in Dubai now. Roll and rich, ragheads are. Okay, probably doing like a lot of a raghead children. When he probably read that in Saudi Arabia, for example, over 50% of the population is under 15, and if he could read that they're under 12, then he'll really be there forever. Anyway, he's been working through global satellite and phone connections with the 12 recording artists who are participating. Oh, this is another one of those, we are the world, another one of those deals. Boy, a few poor bastards in New Orleans can just hang on long enough. All that remains is for two or three more artists to do their tracks in Michaelville, then at his vocals, being said in the full interview, he's now on the fast track and we're happy with the progress. Last week, Jackson coordinating and recording says new artists to work visiting LA for the Black Entertainment Television Awards and went to studios to record their parts. Meredith Osolv, and a spokeswoman for rapper Snoop Dogg, and Sonya Muckel, who represents singer R Kelly, all said though to ours that part has to be recording says, well, I'll tell you, I like to be on two, we just see like squirrels and Michael likes little boys, so there's a little summary about him this, that'll have to fight. Jackson's a writer and producer of the track. In fact, maybe they can bring each other's like boyfriends and girlfriends over for like a party, a free for all. She ended the Jackson as we were in the song several times and has changed you in the title from the original, from the bottom why hard to a new underscore title, how about from the top of my part? Jackson found out he didn't need as many artists to participate as originally planned. The final telly we've about 12. Jackson's finest to provide disaster rate through three funds, the Bill Clinton George Bush between a fund, the push excel, her campaign between the college relief fund and a disaster fund set up by the National Associate of New Recording Arts and Science. That's right, I'll learn Dubai, yeah, one to the bar. Over there in Dubai where they wear all the schmotsas which makes for much faster access because they probably were nothing underneath, like to Scottish with them kills I like it. Oh, they killed me. So let me ask you, what did Camilla Parker and Dogg phase in Charles, what have they saw when he realized we? Oh, big distraction. Oh, what was I been covered? Yeah. I'm a much of a distraction big year. There's a way we had to talk about all of her outfits, everyone we had to break it down. Really? I heard this was velvet. She is. There was ever a dogface man, she's the one. Miami companies, cruise ship attacked by a parisophicimally coast. You can see this? Yeah, it's funny. Now, maybe it's only me because I didn't see the Johnny that movie, parisophos, it was the parisophicirb. And then see that. But I must be honest, other than in Pittsburgh, I didn't know we had paris anymore. I guess I'm just out of Luke. Yeah, I'm taking with him on a touch. As a matter of fact, this goes back when I came down here initially to go on a sailing trip with my stepfather and I had bought a riot shotguns specifically for the potential for pirates because we were going to be going to unsavory places, potentially. But we did potential for pirates. Pirates everywhere in the Caribbean, you know, pirates of the Caribbean. In case you haven't noticed, but I know you have sometimes some of those islands are home to scummy people. No kidding. Oh, I'm just scummy people. Oh, no, I've got you. I'll be damned. Probably. And they will get in the little boat, whatever the hell. Nice job, brownie brown, by the way. And they'll try to, you know, hijack you. And the pirates fire a rocket propelled grenade and machine guns Saturday. And then here's another reason not to go under stupid cruises. I've been begging you people. Don't do it if you value your life. They fired a rocket propelled grenade and machine guns Saturday and attack on a luxury cruise liner off the East African coast. Two armed vessels approached the seaboard spirit about 100 miles off the coast of Samadha and fired as the rocket propelled to get on board said, Bruce Good, a spokesman for Miami-based seaboard cruise line, a subsidiary of Carnival Corp, Carnival Corp. Oh, my God. No other vessel belonging to the companies have been previously attacked by pirates. However, the spirits crew was trained to handle the threat. They trained from various scenarios, including people trying to get on the ship that you don't want on the ship. He said, the ship outran the pirates and change this course. Oh, this is exciting. Our suspicion at this time is that the motive was theft, Good said. The attackers never got close enough to the board to board the spirit, but one member of the 161 person crew was injured by a shrapnel. At least three rocket propelled grenades hit the ship according to an email send to the British Broadcasting Corporation by Seattle woman who said she was trapped, trapped on the ship with her daughter and a friend. My daughter saw the pirates out our window, the release three rocket propelled grenades hit the ship. One of the state remains there wasn't any map posted on the BBC website. We had no idea the ship could move as fast as it did and a cabinet is best to run down the pirates. So this is something from the Stone Age. The vessels 151 past years mostly American with some Australians and Europeans were gathered in the lounge for their safety, Good said. None were injured. Thanks. Thanks God. The spirit had been bound for Mabasa, Mambasa Kenya at the end of the 16 day voyage from Alice Henry, who can you believe it? I can't. It was expected to reach these say, Kelly, Zemean, and I say, shall you say those island? Say, shall in the end of the notion on Monday that continued with previous say, it just gave to the Singapore. The company typically offers the Egypt 10 year crews once a year. The 10,000 times cruise ship registered in the Bahamas to stay in minor damage. Company officials said they took some fire but it's safe to sail. It's good to go. It's the same back in the day. Oh, right. Where to go? 977 votes were good to go. Oh, hold on man. We're doing it. This is Neil Rogers. This is 566. Talk about your step-on presidents. Look, you ain't kidding. Goodbye, George. You gotta go, me, old man. You gotta go home, push back the pan of the bio. That's beautiful. But you sure feel quit when it came to sit. Jerry Shavun. Son of a bush is a food-neur-touch now saved the bio. That's a tragic while people drown you play the round of relax and golf flow. He was on vacation. I already, he's a knuckle of keys. That's a habit then go. Oops. And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario. You were the one busy having heard him last and no no. Neil and Vasca gates at a later date. That's real bullshit. So holding his situation like the ones that touch you get locked up so it don't can sit in real dumb. But no one will get blamed like with Agent Faye. No hands will roll apart. Hand asked for a visibly slap on the wrist and no jarge his file. What a surprise. Because you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new mess. No money. A new getthole a slip in the pole. That's no problem. Neil Fancy. You're a spin machine will deal with new whirlwinds because that's their job. As per usual son of a bush is a foot in your tush. You're an asshole. We just don't understand you got loving your hands but worth no brain. I'm a problem-solve. You made it obvious that he's in those nilvers. You have no shame. What's that? And what's with that smurf? You stupid jerk when people have died. So the bull beats you should be a piece that we mean from. That was all a favor. Get them. You're here. Jack ass. 146 14. Bill 2 918. Votes. We taught that I'm an easy and fact if we didn't know that and we didn't really put a push on there. We could have done a thousand a day and on. But then we had nothing for it. Look forward to the two of them all. I got some of them all here and I wouldn't really do this. I'm not going to take any call because I'm going to start. But I'm just wondering about you guys because if we're going to make a thousand and when I put this on early we have to have a whole bunch of money by ten. So what I'm saying? All right. Right. You know how I do. Tomorrow's full. Someone famous you can't decide whether you like or dislike. And I got a list so far. Keith Olderman. Yo Rogers. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'll start. I have to start over. I'm going to start. I'll stop. I'll give you. I'll start. I've selected a trading. I'll start. I'll start. I'll take them. I ought to find a way back. I don't understand if you can. I'll make you an 11-2-3 year old Tallinn. It's a good opportunity. Notowania to do that. to Marco from Instagram was strengthened by another pre- Wilma episode on the second day deliberations that you're with taking a hospital before a lot of it all. See part of the margins even after all I've done part of the margins on this thing or like chopped up, that's the Harold man. The Harold has got multi-problemy. Yes, me. So, not my fine computer. 9.22 on a poll. This is pretty impressive if you actually don't you? Thank you. It's something. Ha ha ha ha. Well, hey compared to, you know, like last week when, and of course, who the hell would you do this day? And it was when they could be listening to the audio from TV on a radio. Don't you see how insulting that is? What a slap in the face that is? I wonder if it's intentional. Because of course it is. Of course I'll tell you this. The last two weeks, when you're 17, two weeks ago, Monday went on of his work. But after that, I actually felt like I was working. You know, it was like too much like work. Yeah, I felt like work on this. I don't let me tell you. Well, yeah, well, you were like half of everything that worked. Right. Yeah, then that. But I mean, putting all that stuff on and every few minutes time, I'm going back and check this website and the FBNL numbers and you know, I'm trying to, because we don't have any news department. We got to know news presence. We got like nothing is what we got. Because it's a bunch of jox nifers. And I thought, man, we did just okay. We did fine. I'm sure there were a lot of people with their transistor sister and in their cars where we're also going to find a radio that worked without electric. Who were like glued to whatever it was going on. Without hearing the DMTV audio, we already know what they're going to say, the kind of crap that they're going to put on here. But a little calming. They're all he knows about it. If it's television, it's important. And I understand that television has got 80 million times the impact of radio. It's got pictures for Christ 6. And color give us a little bit of a credit. Okay, can't do it, Tommy. Unless it's a little dry in the cross. Or maybe other hyperventilating or weather fairy. You're fair. Forget about it. 929. We're doing just fine. This is real Roger. This is 5. 62. A. A. A. A. See all the wind. Oh, and she play. There is that. She plays slow. And all she does is flat. I'm on the sea of salt. And so in the morning. Well, I get this in the morning. You're fair. Roger, make. With her own city law. But she has no soul. So I gave this to the wrong. And though it seems, she's back with home honey tea. Now I get this in the morning. Oh, man. Not going to go back. Let's go all up and down by ride. Back. She's a stewardy family player. That's lovely. Well, we doubt that in Ricky, but I'm taking one thing about both of them. You know who they're getting in the sex from? Pretty much anybody they want. Oh, yeah. 956. It's almost 10 o'clock. Almost half of the New Roger show. Where did that come from? 36. Scared you. Anyway, 156. You guys come up with anything with a pole probably not. Probably five. Let's y'all throw hook for all time. I was hoping you would come on. Somebody you're like, I'm bevelin about. You can't decide politicians. Singer actor, actress, musician. There's got to be a million. Carolina cheerleader. Let's see. This is good. By the way, the cheerleaders. We just didn't know. Oh, yeah. That explains the finger. You're going to go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, no. It's got me all excited. Nothing. All that you know to more. Well, man, isn't going to help. I'll come up with more, okay? As a man, you know, you can go online. Any pull I do you come up with. Maybe you've done this. And you're kind of like stuck for a ball. It's a really good starter list. And even though you think, well, I don't know. There's not going to be a list of. And just about anything you type in here when you google it in. There's a list of these got a list of crap. 951, man. We did our 950 plus. This is shocking, you know what? Two animal stories to close out. But this marked North Dakota, North Dakota, man, is served an unusually steep sense for having an unlicensed cat two days in jail. William T. Dennis, 3D, it was charged with failing licenses, fealign, which normally brings a fine. But a warrant was issued for his arrest. We didn't show up for court appearance on the charge. They got a lot of spare time in North Dakota. Then it's been two days in jail before a period in court again. He basically just received credit for time served said Bismarck News of Judge Charles Isaacson. Isaacson in North Dakota. Holy cow. It's not spelled the right way though. Definitely. The most dangerous license that animal carries a fine up to a grand and a possible 30 day. But third medicine in Bismarck. I never thought I'd send somebody to two days in jail for this. He said, since those situations like this are on record, I had no history to go on for sensing. So we give them two days in the slam. We're not great. For our licensing is putty cat. And all you pitful people out there. I say let's say the pit bulls and kill the owners is what I say. Gary, I don't know. Kerry, C.A. R. Y. Kerry, Illinois. Never heard of it. Did you? A ten year old boy was in critical condition yesterday after three pit bulls escaped from a home and went on a rampage attacking six people before police shot and killed the dogs. People would pitful. Crazy people would crazy pit bulls. No charges have been a file yesterday, but McCambe County Sheriff Keith Nighren said it was being investigated as a crime scene. Neighbors said the attack started late Saturday afternoon when children go and door to door for fundraiser arrived at almost Scott Sword 41 a wounded dog. We had music playing our hood as bizarre sounds that Debbie Rivera who looked out the window. I saw young boy that dogs were just jumping on him attacking his ass. The screens were horrible. She said the dogs were relentless like they were possessed. They were possessed. Let's call father Marin when we need him. The pit bulls attacked the two children when the dogs heard and tried to stop them. The dogs turned on him and did office thumb. Day or the boys father also tried to protect the son of a tank. The dogs went after another neighbor as well. The scenes fall over a couple of blocks. It was very chaotic scene. Residents, you're rocks at the dogs. It was hot car horns and tried to distract them from attacking me for police arriving and shot the animals. Oh, thank you, Lord. Jim Malones said he and they were tried to beat the dog back with baseball bats. He hit him, they'd run and they'd come back again. This went on for 15 minutes. 15 minutes. The attenual boy was in critical condition. 15 minutes. You know how long 15 minutes is of. Yeah. Yeah. Let's start. Wow. So, nine hundred fifty-nine votes on a pool. And if I had time, I'd read the whole results there. But there would be a we don't want to take none of them. Moistime. Moistime. I messed up the mad dog in four. Curtis from seven to ten and all any kids in a clock tonight. Bye bye.