Speaking of home, those things were looking up with that. What rocket scientists came up with every dress? What? That is pathetic. But nevertheless, it's probably one of our rocket scientists, like I said, yeah, stations crawling with them. Yes, it's crawling with something. How are things today? We need an exterminator. These today are so far great. Son of shines, looking really nice. How about Michael Jackson? You know who had a great comment about that? J. Lano said, I wonder how Martha Stewart feels right now. Right? You see, he made one lousy phone call to a brook. Robert Play takes a walk. OJ takes a walk. Yes. This is a freak takes a walk. And he went to spend time in his limer. So he's an up-to-date rich bitch. And then there was Letterman's line. Yeah, that's what she went to jail. So, Dom would like to have his problem with this animal reocl... ...where they never convict anybody famous. It's just pathetic. And then the worst part of the whole deal is, I mean, the media, I just can't take him anymore. I think I will lose my mind. It will pull me in a rubber room if I pay the attention to the American media anymore. There's just crazy people. And all these idiots coming on now, wow, can he resurrect his career and can he do this? And he's trying to... Or this is really for us, my ass. And the world is post-trial press conference with the entire jury. And even the alternates. And the one that drew a number one there, who was on last night, he says, Oh, well, I have no doubt that he molested boys over the time. I mean, slip with a 1k, 300 to 65 nights. But they just couldn't prove it in this case. Well, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah, lovely. I wonder when his next sleepover is going to be. And oh, yeah, well, they asked Thomas Miserl that this morning. And he said, well, he's not going to be conducting things this day. In other words, it's going to be more discrete. And they're going to have to, like, sign. The parents are going to have to, like, sign a contract, whatever, non-competent or something like that. Yeah, well, who knows what it's going to be? Bill Kamala, 9kp. Yeah, right. I don't think he can be with that one. Go like some little bit older. I think, you know, like a 9 or 10. Oh, well, very sad. Very tragic. Another piece of Americano, man. And then did you see the jury? Yeah. Now, how would you like to have your life on the line with that bunch? Well, what a, what a bunch of idiots. First of all, the one, the Chubby, a broad with the real ruddy cheeks. They said that every time a celebrity came in the courtroom, that she was like, Gaga, eyes, who were just going nuts. And as he kept like, winking if they're this one and that one. Yeah, what's the worst these juries? How does it, how does it, how does it prosecute or allow that to happen? They exactly. And then the two punks on there, the two young guys who were found out, even if they were old enough to be on a jury, what was that all about? They looked like the, the idiots outside and it crowd and speaking of crowd, oh, and the big crowd of support, there couldn't have been like more than 50 people out there. And then by the, by the time the thing was over, maybe 100, and then over there at Neverland, it would like maybe 40 or 50 people. Oh, hundreds of screaming supporter, what are they talking about? It reminds me of the early on thing, when it were like 10 people standing at 79th in this game by the INS office and channel, whichever channel was, I think it was 10. It's on your, oh, and the crowds are massing out here in protest. They were like 15 people out there. Yeah, they immediately really does, they're, they're killing America. They, they, they, they immediately just a bunch of horrors, grave robbers, they're lunatics, they're crazy people. I see now where a couple of actresses have gotten together and they're trying to get some tougher laws passed against the paparazzi that stalk them. I'll tell you what we have on the lawn, it is against Nancy Grace being on the ear. Oh, yeah, where did she come from? I have, you know what she is? She's another Larry King Creek. I love her on my very close personal buddy. First he invented Ross Perot, now he invented this bitch. She's just everywhere. She's got, she got shows on channels that haven't been invented yet. I saw her the other night on Larry King and I was just running through the dials. Uh-huh. I didn't, I had, that's the first time I had ever seen her. Oh, brother that. With that full piece. Oh, I saw them draw. Thank you, Fran. Thank you, Fran. So much Fran. Yeah. Yeah. And the interesting part of it is the ironic part. I was watching as soon as the bulletin came on, I took over to court TV. And of course, there she was with that phony actor hers and Diane Diamond and as well. All these regular days they've had on for weeks. And all of a sudden, I really dark out and started a fundery here in lightning and storming and it knocked. It was really about a, the judge at this point to give it a timeline. The judge is opening the envelopes and he's reading the jury's verdict. And all of a sudden court TV, my cable gets knocked off the here. But with his just fantastic. So I switched over to MSNBC. But was just, such fantastic timing was great. I was not into that trial. I just, way it for the verdict. I was going to be possibly any doubt. I mean, I had the story from the inquire where long before the trial of her started about the Jesus juice. Months before I was a screaming about that on the air. Wasn't the inquire was no secret. And about his little villa behind the morage out there in Vegas. Well, it's big and the Vegas now Steve Win says, Oh, he wants to bring Michael Linda have made making a regular like Wayne Newton at one of his casinos in Vegas. Isn't that great? That was, you know, who was, that was Donald Trump. And that's right. It was Trump who said that. They're already in the Trump. They're going to open a new casino with a frontier is. Yeah. And they were going to feature Michael Jackson. But they backtrack from that now. They got so much bad press over it that they decided that they would, they would withdraw from the Michael Jackson. Oh, he means kind of like when 940 was going to give O.J. His own show every day, remember that? Oh, yeah. Same kind of thing. Yeah. I guess not the sponsors are kind of like upset. I can imagine why. Yeah. All right. Maybe you could have he could do the infomercials for Juan Pupil's knife set. Huh? They can sell against who knives on that show. It would be good. I remember when he said those demonstrations. The knife demonstrations? Right. Now they can slice your cabbage. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, dear. We love them. Right. Right. In my George there is that old machete son on it. How does that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Every kind of yelding comes in. He run. Oh. Well, listen, have a great day. It is two days. So I'm not thinking you're going to lose too much today. There's not much to do. There's a leave for Louisville. Well, what's that? I would be a church or the Stephen Foster on Saturday. It was giving me a break. My life in racing. Yeah. Oh, brother. I never even heard of that race. What is that? It's a... It's a fake scroll. Or it's used to be out of town. Good thinking. It's a well I'm getting paid. It's a fake scroll. I was not as who we got on Friday, George. What? It's a fake scroll. What? It's a fake scroll. Don't catch me. Oh, yeah. It's a fake scroll. Oh, wow. What a treat that'll be. All right. I'll talk you tomorrow. Okay. Have a great day. You too. Win a bundle. Yeah. Good bye. Yes. It's a fake scroll. Oh. Oh. My life in racing is one way to go. For someone you've heard. The day I've been looking around. When it's used to play in my court. You can't recognize me. My daughter is half-maaged all my existence. And I keep children strong. And I've been dreaming inside my family. What's up? People say they are there. There is why I'm happy to be from my dream. I'm happy to play to come and say. With this song that's really bad. I don't know the story. I'm in my child. I'm gonna go story and it's that I never had. You'll be surprised to know it's my life. For my child I'm a real soldier. Happy Father's Day, Joe. For you, John. I call me free. Let me find and love. I'm afraid. Love and I'm afraid. I believe in all my life. I don't know. Seven and five and sixty. You're a little boy. It's beautiful. What's not to like? Who best fits this description? You know who I left off at air? You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. I'm afraid. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. You're still not on with. just look at them and their juror number one they've hit him on how many times now I've heard man king last night and then again this morning he keeps repeating the same thing oh yeah we knew pretty sure he molested a little boys but they didn't prove it in this case well we feel a lot better about that yeah that's great just this hallelujah don't you Q a m hello oh burpees cold call and right now is matter fact thank you come in Q a m hello Q a m not here these are are the they're just overwhelmed in fact probably most of our audience they would like to be out there it never laying regularly so if you Q a m hello in that small crowd of misfits yes for the year for yeah yeah I would like to vote please a good point for the best show on TV right now what is this man saying and also I have a word for deal on Nancy Gray yeah he is rabbit this woman is insane and I found out he's got a he's got a he's garland through a big Q what he's saying what's showing and distorted Nancy Grace is rather than the I heard that is 24 or 24 excuse me and ever seen that show I missed me something good everybody I have never seen to either I want to see it from the beginning everyone says it's great really yeah well there you go 24 let's get that on our way I bet you know how many votes it's going to give you a thing 24 not turn the least also from the facts yeah daily show and self-park the daily show and self-park two excellent choices I don't watch you to one of them but two very good choices Michael Jackson has asked the judge in his trial for permission to speak out about his alleged mistreatment at the hands of the set of our police department it was awkward they feel for my warm closeie kind of for me a king bed when I was watching reruns of mighty buffered power Rangers they started my mansion like I was a dumb was saying they were calling horrible names like hey you and stop running and sit right there I tried to defend myself by saying I am rubber and you are grew and whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you but it did not stop them they stood up my middle ball of my furry white bunny slippers and smash my father making machine to smithereens and tried to keep them out of my secret room by throwing pixie sticks to them their eyes but they kept coming it was a nightmare why are the police allowed to sweep people this way I am an outstanding citizen who was only to have his privacy and an occasional sleepover theme party who to say my guest isn't want to play the top in a party game what's in my pocket that is my business and the business of the family's defense attorney not the police I have bruises on my new nose and red mart found my butt hot though that's not from the police they shackled my wrist and shoved the bashi ball into my mouth and said he's bad actually maybe that was a three might had last night never mind so please please people you need not be roughy and verse say nasty things to me sticks and stones may break my elephant man bones but names they also hurt me it's a 1033 he innocent man he didn't do not until I quit it Michael Jackson yesterday of Austin a 13 year old cancer survivor is never land ranch exonobating the pop star who insisted he was the victim of mother and son car this is the prosecutor with a event that uh... jurors also quit it jacking in the boy drug and conspiring to imprison the accuser in the boys family of the store book estate I think you just wanted the vassal and because the door to the son was like uh... the hinges were a little rusty now what was that's what was out of the court of the bill victory but one that made do a little improvement is bizarre images says here this is an bolston globe section had faced nearly twenty years in prison i think eighteen court room was definitely still is the verga to a red in fact i got it here somewhere uh... somewhere somehow verdicts and as i look through the verdicts form there are you know there are more than actually ten pages because if you do believe they do believe that michael taxis guilty there are follow up pages to examine as well you know salmon is so at any rate uh... the court was definitely still is the verdicts were red jackson is motionless is the venturati trial obviously heavily medicated uh... they may actually say that on court tv i was elected here that i will say this for the evening like can't stand and see grace they don't feel any punches on here in all the words if they think somebody's guilty they'd rip him an ass nice going and they can be taken right there on the air which many people were complaining about what is where is burst into tears is the first verdict were announced in jackson later stood in was embraced by his chief lawyer tom what a mess might here was a junior some of the women in jury also what the past right of box of tissues as you left court jackson looking drawn held his hand was hard and blue kisses of the screaming crowd he was escorted by his aids into a black SUV made no media public statement jackson later arrived in the landways being by more fans a strong at least two three dozen fans i would never very to pedophile in the system works actions s y i've did be wrote a statement given to entertainment tonight i'm a bit of a much they paid her off uh... screens of your ring out among a strong refands outside the court as at least uh... seventy five to a hundred fans jumped up and down how each other and true confetti in a celebration of the news a woman in the crowd released one white uh... visit to critical was announced sent a barber county the eight times that was his hand is hands obviously we're disappointed in the verdict but we believe in a system of justice then told reporters now here this is the best part i don't want to all the kuzan i'm seeing right now take a look the topic that i'm going after my handle giving a cup of coffee and well we will you give him off the screen already there's a rush limba's wife and candle coffee i'm actually in hell what i'm telling i want to play the whole day the whole week the rest of my life media is sick and it's not the same talking heads non stop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop people go defend some clients can't go get some work some real work get off my screen but anyway so this is the most it talk about a bunch of hypocrites the jury did you hear the statement that they were uh... issued right after the verdict was read no i avoided it after the verdict was announced the judge retest statement from the jury here's the statement we've been here you feel the way to the world's eyes upon us they asked to be allowed to return to our private lives as an honestly as we came and so all the experts the eighty thousand punnets on here the talking heads were uh... anticipating and the expected waiting that uh... they were going to happen here automobiles and go back home and ever be seen again and low and behold by now or later we see a room with a bunch of chairs in it uh... twenty chairs in there for the twelve jurors in eight alternates and few minutes later here come than twenty people being out should in there in the same people along to go back to their lives anonymously they're getting their free and half seconds of a manteed now we'll grant you the thing that he names up but it was like during number one number seven number two number two whatever was right right you saw that and i'm thinking about it so here listen was even on the food channel for crisis i'm thinking of myself what what is this are these the people wanted to be anonymous now that air v event that takes place in america if you have a good bowel movement there has to be a post-bm press conference and you had a sit in front of a bunch of microproons you know and i am getting choked up about it or don't cry you know what i'm talking about where we single thing that goes on we're going to have a press conference let's see Chris is please add the ocd your pool yes you see on your way away and what about all those other ones like csi my mcsi uh... can't a big one csi if salami i put csi i love good here he goes that should cover it it says i don't know if you had an a pool but for future pool favorite way to plunge your guts out this will show how far out of the main stream that joshes on slots Chris says how do you like that joshes man and then and that Chris is a ripping you an ass yeah because everybody just wins in a place lots everybody what everybody just wins a lot when they place lots that's not the point most people who gamble lose anybody will admit that if they're honest or right compulsive gambers live through their teachers like most fat people i want to be not yesterday just a couple of courts of a bylain o i stream i may be the rosanna seven eight nine nine good days ten days of an uh... no way man nine nine nine nine one today is eleven whatever we're not to count the days because i'm not eating that stuff and my blood sugar this morning was one o two very nice number of high school and you'll find it right that was it anyway here's that son sent a thing just a little piece of it that i was talking about to give you an idea eight months ago defense attorney Thomas my here's a mess of a junior made a strategic move that may have provided the key to my co-zacian court victory he hired a new private investigator told him to focus read lentlessly on the accusers mother how do you like that uh... scarrows had worked on the rubber plate defense digging up unsavvy items about the actors trailer trash murdered wife the information allowed defense lawyers argue that someone other than Blake which are just with a killing her had a motive more of the details gave uh... jurors are easily disliked at woman see there you go measure one of the repeat performance and he gives investigator a simple blunt instruction ross recall yesterday i want you to do to the mother of the united victim what he did to bondy lee lately there you go that's all you need to know just trailer trash harass and they did great job of it in the course you didn't have to make anything up because she uh... she fits the role perfectly sure and evidently her on uh... on the witness statement your comportment compartment uh... was uh... just exactly what they wanted to have to look at real neurotic crazy as bitch but i'm on it will not to move on to get over board because we got the carceral plan that cracks we had all we got the american airlines that was the verdict on orc as somebody found a radio in the bathroom what's the day show is a tent and they finally met a lot of new some subversive show like they all got frank says the problem with the microjax and trial as well as with also liberty trials there's always reasonable doubt whenever the accused is tons of money it's always reasonable to be suspicious of the accused's motives when they stand again monetarily therefore when the defense is the accusations are fabricated for the sulfur for some money it's hard to be cute that would not actually be the crime being committed or about that you are vastly in any way i'm telling you which is reaching up the uh... door battle star galacid is that's cute i like that we put it on it that is excellent yeah you need to relax it if you watch that all of us break the rickering field back for the movie what do you say all right for you ten forty two eighteen before eleven a q a m if you're in a market for new car truck and stop by armistral and four to homestead this week because for has offered new discounts and prices are well below the market price right now that i'm strong for this financing as low as zero percent or rebates of the six grand or you can drive away to brand new forward make no payments for six months the bottom line is this when you add the armistral and four discount of the bonus cash in center from for there is no better time than right this moment free to buy new fordon's a flight crazy pickup to phone right now called david rich to gama three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve-ass David for the kneel deal and what sounds a little bizarre but this is a bizarre show after all they have a deal for you on a brand new for just because you listen to this bizarre show when you buy from armistral and four to homestead to get their exclusive pairs of batteries for life program two you will get a better deal on a forward anywhere a better fat boys life on it no bait and switch no phony deals Armstrong four to homestead three oh seven twenty five soft six you highway twenty easy minutes after the eight thirty six so give David rich a call three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve and ask for the kneel deal or check them on the web at armistral and cars dot com whatever you do be sure and stuff down this week and safe thousands on that great new forward only at armstrong forward of homestead come to a team it is real life is your life is it is it is for you five six you my god your breath are beautiful what's telling tells of a dinner in jack-oed in a secret bedroom with this big black-oed can't hear you do tell me because they're too sick Michael Jackson's a total limited he's a for show you to be one the rama he used to watch with his ship and his rama like me that any refuses to roll I put the play on his free father children walking around ever landing his T.J.s putting the children in the Jesus two days his pay families through the two to be four he shouldn't have three four more than him more he'll can call T.J.s variable T.J.s train him the channel And everything stopped 2 rain steample please network CLART from the club about the whole man reported it the game. I guess they don't play nearly as many big games as they used to. I couldn't get one a start of playing that game so we just a few here and there but they must be playing a lot more. They still play quite a few digging. Maybe just when the marlins are there just to a piss off us off. Anyway how are listening on the internet from Jersey? Why do we know dropouts on the internet all right we're streaming it baby. He says please add this to the list. I'm sure this will be the eventual winner of your pull all so thanks for putting and that is that there are no chemists that show us currently on TV. I don't know how you want to work that but the stick that on there please to get yeah. Love. Also he says thanks for posting that color coded schedule on your website he's talking about where or what they you're on and what they are on starting next week. Well really not starting next week starting a week after. He says thanks for posting the color coded schedule on your website. I got to avoid those messy accidents with it so hot and sticky. I don't know what he means by that what does that mean? All the caption above these schedules so that you can avoid those messy radioax. Oh I see but the caption below it is the one I wanted to get to because Eric can't he just can't separate his his his gooddie tissue doers because he's got cheese head Tommy Thompson just like he did last year confused with Tom Ridge. Oh former head of Homeland Security the one who invented the color code. Tommy Thompson was the one who said oh he drank water from a crack he was an outdoor guy and I'll come to have him poison our food yet. That was Tommy Thompson. He'll tease it because it says thanks again to Tommy Thompson for the color coding idea. Not Tommy Thompson Eric sorry it was Tommy Ridge. Okay get your Tommy straight. Not that we want to pick on Eric but it's fun. In fact it's I think let's let's take the different tack on it starting on the 23rd let's just put a whole bunch of really porn graphic stuff on Eric just to make sure Eric goes to jail. How's that? Well we had to put somebody in there we can't convict any celebrities right now somebody facts TV's dumbest meanest and venous anchors and exclusive industry pool. Paul is on I'm glad to see that she has such a simple demand. Yeah. I should have seen her exchange with Jesse Jackson last night that was just pathetic just tragic. She's a bubblehead. But anyway the one thing I got marked here which I'm sure everybody in South Florida will love Rick Sanchez and the print if I can read this man my eyesight must be a 2090 it must be 8080 it those are like ordinary magnivisions out. No I actually can get most of it. Rick Sanchez anchors CNN live today and this is a list of TVs dumbest meanest and venous anchors and exclusive inside industry pool. His first great teacher out in him as a retard and so to his co-workers he should have stayed at local Miami TV said once again and producer though he wasn't even good enough for that. On air missteps while interviewing an MD you said he paid eight hundred dollars for insurance and nineteen eighty and pays two hundred times that now Sanchez explained good god that's five hundred thousand dollars. In March he proved that electricity hurts by delivering five hundred thousand volts through his or fifty thousand volts through his body and a via a shock bell ball bell. I can't read that. Activated by prison guards who laughed as he cried do it stop all that hurts he can when he's completely dumb says a colleague dreadful and of course they are absolutely correct. We are those of us in South Florida and over he took his saying says we know completely dumb is an understanding of the century and like I said it didn't take very long before CNN really but they got him off that morning showed they got him off prime time and they bury him either late at night or like in the wee hours of the morning when everybody thanked for this is good shluffin. Now here's the New York Day we'll be a lot more shows on there but I want to get all the Michael Jackson crap out of the way. To use a whole hour on this garbage sure why not till some good time. It's literally the Michael Jackson jury said the prosecution of all the station case was tainted by the mother of the popster as a cuser who may found annoying and likely a scam artist. You see that thing about Bonnie Lee this is the new thing and it's just like at the oj trial when they went after Mark Furman he became the issue not oj but Mark Furman. It was hard to give them on the benefit of the val when the defense blasted her as a liar and thief through her said and her behavior on the stand did little over their sympathies. I disliked it intently once she snapped her fingers at us at juror number five a 79 year old great grandma that's one that's right in the book and believe you we each there be other ones right in both the other that's when I thought don't snap your fingers at me lady bitch the judge ordered that the jurors name is bc o m except for a few most has to be identified only by a number juror number one who identified himself as raemen hultman 62 a civil engineer who's been all over the TV like stink on Greg city was initially leaning toward conviction but changes mind doing the deliberations. he's the one that said I feel that Michael Jackson has probably molested boys he said on CNN he said that how many times just this morning but third man to be in your bedroom for 365 straight days and not do something more than just watch television any popcorn that doesn't make sense to me but that doesn't make him guilty of the charges that were presented most jurors believe the accuses mother took advantage of previous sex abuse allegations against Jackson and put her son up to lying. juror number ten unemployed mother said the accuses mom left your stunned at times what mother would have right mind would allow that to happen she said just really volunteer child asleep with someone not so much just Michael Jackson but any person for that matter that's something that mothers are naturally concerned with. I will say this for that mother at least you know them sleep once you found out about the Jesus do you think the whole family are there in a high tail as opposed to the mother that left the kids sleep there two hundred and sixty five straight nights. juror number eight a forty two world special education hates that she actually felt sorry for the accuser cancer survivor who claimed Jackson molested him in 2003 she said it was obvious the boys mother did not instill good values in her children thank god that joe Jackson did it in his. that's right. as the mother of the values and stuff she's taught them and they have learned his very hard to comprehend she said I wouldn't want any of my children alive for their own game. she also said the long trial made Jackson who came to court and make up an outland is clothing see more normal. oh sure normal guys come to a trials in there of pajamas all the time. I mean just that alone right there when I say somebody should have blown a whistle you know look and made a sound. okay hold it hold it something's not right over here something's not kosher in Denmark even though he's a superstar he's human said juror number eight what this uh watch him during this trial to me he's just a normal person it made him real. okay yeah. during number three a fifty-year-old horsewaters said i'll be defensive it instead show them up it'll be welfare she'd in scam artist state in her mind you couldn't help but wonder she said things just didn't add up just like it pace off the bread is wonder. during number four a fifty-one-year-old ex-high school math teacher said she didn't like the way the accused his mother looked at the jury i was very uncomfortable with that the woman said she didn't take a rise off us so that was a very uncomfortable feeling. jury form and Paul Rodriguez can de George sixty three a retired high school counselor said he was put up and the mom was also Hispanic single him out. the mother when she looked at me and snap your fingers three times and says you know how our culture isn't wasted me no that's not the way our culture is. oh stop no it's not. well true. i thought your culture was kind of gay. the family of that doesn't mean pedophiles but nevertheless that's the general stereotype that's the ugly part of this whole thing see that's an nasty part. you're fair anyway the family's different stories also didn't help they didn't have the same story about regus and adding that it appeared to boy was taught to lie. the jury is in other words it was a pack of lies. the jury is insisted they closely examine all the evidence during the thirty two hours they've liberated over six days. stop turning you're hoping that you can find a smoking gun in this case we had difficulty finding that holdman said several jurors insisted Jackson celebrity status did not play in their deliberations. we decided to look at him and we'll just like any other individual not as a celebrity. Rodriguez said. only that well is gotten away I'm sure. he also said the statute for Niagara Food Found in Jackson's home and allegations that he slept with the unvoys was troubling but not solid evidence that it added up to molestation. those are my Dalton magazines and anyone can only move the foreman said it doesn't prove the charge. you also had a tip for the pop star. we would hope he doesn't sleep with children anymore. well guess what? hope all you want that ain't gonna happen. i mean i was gonna shock when time up. they asked him to point blank. i was asleep over his all over me as a road this morning. the attorney said well certainly is gonna be a more uh... a little bit of a game plan i think is what i said. a gapron yeah. maybe they can ship up some of those homeless kids from malay and the Murphy you know. those anonymous that nobody knows their name and they have days. yeah. i don't think i have time for the cargo plant thing. let's get a few more shows on the poll how we doing so far six events thirty two. the one TV show you never was the shield 19. then would 18. well let's move it up there fast. judge duty is that time it judge duty dean twelve would let me some. jjepity twelve uh nothing eleven and well nothing and uh that's not we don't want to put it that way. or whatever. nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. well nothing sounds like that could be the name of a show but we show. nothing any show eleven the show eleven. a Dave's repel show eight. is that pack on yet your own answer. you know he's still working with us. south park seven twenty four seven smallville seven guiding light uh five. hey Alan. let's see we'll report him for NBC data line three csi two the oc two prices right two pass and two and battle star galactica solament auno oh wait a minute i got a spot to do. yeah did. it's fake yeah tonight. well i said i said i can keep your new toes right keep your right on the edge of your seat. how about the edge of night anybody remember that show that so pop or the edge of night. how about the secret storm remember that. yeah. true. no. 1056 and 56 to 56 to WQL i'm sure you're familiar with now by now with Berkeley and our friend Anthony Kelly and all the main man of acceptance capital mortgage. so before you call any other mortgage company let the main man tell you what you didn't know and that is that Berkeley is a waving lunatic and then most banks only work with three different mortgage products. solament tape traced as in traced that call and if you're credited less than 100% perfect you're ready to hear the most famous and most anxious and most obnoxious the most the testable two letter word in the language. and oh that's the word. if you're not working with a right lender chances of getting approved are only 50 50 so improve your odds get yourself the need of really hoping for do yourself a favor and call Anthony Kelly and all right now. toll free at one triple eight for eight three loan and let the main man and his team put you in a market set you're looking for that meet your needs avoid going to the wrong lender maybe we've been turned on cause you call the wrong number call the main man at acceptance capital mortgage toll free one triple eight for eight three loan that's one eight eight for eight three loan and don't forget every time they close a loan of course donated to kids in distress so everybody wins all away around. why call anybody also what your bait and switch get precisely the mortgage dealer looking for by calling Anthony Kelly and though everybody's main man today one triple eight for eight three loan what comes to sports really out so what's going on you're by 16. does the Neil Roger show. this is your brain. any questions Michael's father Joe Jackson says if his son is found guilty he'll take over as the custodial parent of Paris sprints my goal and prince Michael the second here now is Joe Jackson. this is your jackland you know I was once voted a world greatest day and I got the coffee cup to prove it although I had to crazy give you a back together I cracked it over Tito's there. I've become a better pop player and a husband too I've explored with them Dr. Phil book family first their five step plan for creating a female family and of course self-made is which is creating your life from the inside out which I found a little bit perverse wait a minute here come Paris. well Paris. I'm talking on a radio Paris. I'm telling people how to be great parent. I can't get you out of the way for me. you see grandpa's talking. don't cry. what's grandpa say about crying? what grandpa say about crying? don't cry. don't cry. don't cry. in a rough grandpa. now I am a wonderful model and custodial figure look at what a great job I did with my kids. I'm sure that all rays my grandkids look just as well. oh here come Prince Jr now can't you see grandpa's talking on a radio? I'm a museum cookie right outside you may have to be a little in that. get back away from the white grandpa thing by crying. what grandpa say about crying? no cry or no. anyway as I was saying it's got to be loving supportive a creation environment where kids can cry. cry. here come the other Prince Michael now is another Prince Michael. grandpa say about boys who hug. why do you hug Rob to be like daddy? you make it no touch me. don't touch me. don't touch me. don't touch Rob. what grandpa say about boys who touch? one thing I've learned from my successful years of parent in my sixth, seventh, ninth, and kids. in that I don't know how many I have. however I do love every one of them equally especially Michael who has helped close and feed a family for the past 30 years. if you didn't do that I probably wouldn't give them the time of day like I don't for Jermaine. most important rule be loving listen and be patient with a little idiot. this is your Jackson. have a good day. get going pop in. it's level 4. 5. 60. a lot of that tutoring going on these days. you know and grumpy says please add HBO's the liar to your pool. got the wire? we got it. are we wired? or where's one that says? never mess them a gloss bin group. bye bye. boys I'm going to play that. I'll just have to play that for a table. what's the name? Jackie Jackie Fatt your mom. what do we can play? yeah it's well yeah eight that wouldn't be still play and also for gee I'd eliner and gee I think you're a sponor. let's see what's this one say it says unbelievable. you rightly slammed the MSM that whips in the horse or beating the dead horse. and here you are. oh yeah right. game the upgrade. give us a break. we can tune to a fox full for this crap. game me a break you idiot. that's all anybody's talking about right now. or horse like everybody else. the difference being a weird minute. tells wrong with you. in fact just just to rub it in a little more. here's some more. I was done with this stuff but here's some more. all right. basking in the jurors to sit and see this is in conflict with what I heard Tom my here's a messerow on CNN but evidently on today he was talking out of the other side of his ass. basking in the jurors decision to acquitt his kind of all counts. Michael Jackson's lawyer said Tuesday the single no longer chair is bed with young boys. right. he's not going to do that anymore. it's anytime. no they'll do it on the floor. and the comments were told on these days. he's not going to make himself vulnerable to this anymore. measure us as the single was still recovering from the word deal. he's going to take it one day at a time. it's been a terrible terrible process for him. he said on today. yeah on today today. and you see that fact. you see what I'm saying? just rarely after a load of clock. we got through the first hour with any. but here we go. why are you talking about this? because that's all anybody cares about. every single day I come on and show in the first thing we talk about is how many more dead troops we got and how many more dead Iraqi innocent people are killed and nobody gives a flying crap about it. I'm trying to invent this okay. oh look what they got on right now. Tito. not Marshall Tito. Tito Jackson. the jurors. but me. but it will put by you. whatever you say. get out of my face. like the guy said in the had a good point. uh, I'd quickly be overkill and I put the garbage already. what one TV showed now on now. do you never miss 60 minutes 34? none. absolutely. and you had the good facts. it was right. none is going to go to the top. you know we just put it on there. no. 125 because TV basically blows. the shit. in fact. I would say I spent about 30 percent of my time. not 30 minutes. no more like 80 percent of my TV viewing time channel surfing. right. trying to find out. oh there's that Raymond Hullman who's a molested boy. I cannot believe that after some of the testimony was offered I can't believe that that this man could sleep in the same bedroom for 365 straight days and not do something more than just watch television and eat popcorn. well he's forget about the milk and cookies. he's forget about that. it's delicious. right. and again isn't he one of the jurors that said that they wanted their anonymity and to go home and be left alone? and here every ten seconds he's on here now. what does name in the whole deal? why is it that most people are such media horrors? remember we did the poll couple days ago about the media horrors? why is it that most people are like that? there. how many publications have I have been extended to me over the years to be on? uh, CNN on crossfire. this show that? yeah that's the point. you're already famous. as video below. no no that's not the point. the point is for what? what are they going to pay me for it? no is it going to increase my income? no. so what do I need it for? who needs it? well you're not desperate for attention. I see. what else? in other words, Kendall coffee is desperate for attention. you know what? and Jesse Jackson is starving for attention? oh and there is again? no. yes he is the imparty. there is that juror. he's really slammed up deal where you just go in to a room and 12 people agree. I don't think 12 people can agree on anything except that the sun might come up tomorrow morning. and beyond that you gotta talk about it. what? did he say your sun might come up to a never-land about morning? suddenly thought. what one team he shouldn't have been? six to minutes 34 and none. 26. deadwood. 22. the shield. 21. is that the brook shield? the daily show 19. 24 or 15. 15. 24. George duty 13. jeopardy 13. what a horrible show. the day of shi-pil show on comedy central 12. that's 70 show 11. talking about bad. nobody said that got to show the growing up gotty. I think gotty. nobody said that he Jessica yet but they will. nobody said what's your name? the singer that can't sing but they will. which one they're so late. Jessica actually since his field. yeah. with a cute boyfriend. smallville nine. soft park eight. guiding light six. CSI five. battle start. like to go for we're the fortune for the O. C. three. prices right three. NBC date line. T. the McCluck and group two. passions has got to pair. and the wire has got one. see what what the Ellie's all this verbi. Charlie's days of words that have been extended last half a day. whatever it's been now. uh they're just in denial about the pedophile. see what I'm saying? cute. he's not gonna change. here is no cure for pedophiles. all right whatever he likes now. that's what he's always been like he's 46 freaking years old. he likes little nine ten year old boys. even when I'm when the chimped got to old he tossed them out and ever read. always too old for me now. bubbles. I was here. well he was called one time singing that song to be a shower. I'm forever. I can't sing. no you can't. not at any minute. oh no a joys please. just one. joys. I'll do it right past it. I'm forever. bubbles. and old fashioned cargo planes suffered injured and trouble. signed into residential speed. and of course this was going on. simultaneous with a Jackson verdict. and so the local channels yours tells me had like a side by each. that you'll split screen in a scene. right? in northeast Florida yesterday sliding hundred yards on its belly before getting to a hall exploding into a fireball. I like to see fat boy do that. the three the planes three occupants who including the pilot of yet non veteran of city handled rough land these before scrambled. I would minor injuries no one on the ground was seriously hurt. that was a miracle you know. yeah. was it? it was. wow. it will must have been an act of God. you know God save. it was an act of they all God. it was a flashback from Vietnam. you just do what you have to do is to pilot Charles rings. I wonder if he's kind of jackwaves who called the races in his apartment 50 years. who said he tried to save lives by landing on the street. we were going for a big-wide spot we could aim for and then we saw trees and that was good as well. added coat pilot Charles' worth. I'm just bad we didn't take anybody else out. when it out don't take anybody out. local residents were more than just glad they were incredulous. in incredulous. it was absolutely un- the illegal. it's hard to imagine describing a plane accident as a miracle but the fact that nobody was killed when a plane crashed into a neighborhood can only be described as a miracle for a lot of the city manager's Greta said. one home-system roof and tile damage after being tripped by the wings. at least a half dozen cars parked on the street were damaged one seared by flames and a tree caught on fire. but other in the neighborhood in Northridge Medical Center northeast high school of the buildings. official said the incident could have erupted into a full blown disaster. the twin engine 12-ton plane version of the vintage DC 3-year line took off from Fort Luggernail executive airport at 350 pm. growing with 3200 pounds of granted in its cargo bay bound for Marsharber at the Bahamas authorities. when it was street and that's exactly what it was doing. when it was 300 feet in the year, tower control was saw a small coming from the left engine and tried to alert the crew by radio of a gun or response. said Jose Obergon accident investigated with the MTSB. the plane crashed at 351 pm, skimming down northeast of the 6th week before coming to rescue the immunosuction of northeast 18th Avenue in Crowbridge, Iowa's neighborhood. this isn't far from the busy intersection of federal highway and commercial Boulevard and area we all know very very very well and area teaming with office buildings, schools, medical conferences, churches and shopping centers in the explosion that tells separated from main fuselage and the main camel was ripped apart. the occupants ridge of Pemberg-Pomparex of Pemberg-Pine's word of Miami and Pester, hector Espinoza of Lantana escaped from overhead cockpit hatched about 10 seconds later to plane burst into flames. also then minor burn escapes and banged up knees, number three in pretty much heard seriously but they were still taken nearby Holy Cross hospital for treatment. Roberto Colina 30, driving his car when he saw the plane angling toward him, he swirled to the right and hoided the plane by about 30 feet. I'm thinking, oh my god, I can't believe it he said. But he was thinking, oh my god. Roberto, roll 133 heard a bump in an horrible screechy noise, the next moment he looked out as a partner window saw the plane slammed that with 150 feet of his front porch. He said he saw the three occupants run from the plane to avoid the explosion, roll an offer to the water and a soda probably some Jesus juice. He said the pilot appeared to become a collected. They said the left ends didn't work, he was trying to keep the plane straight but he kept losing speed and altitude so he looked for a spot to land on 56th street. Rollin said he shook the pilot 10 and 10 and 10 for not hitting. He's a problem. Thanks for not killing me. Yeah, my god. Nice going. Nice going captain. You see that? You have to have some experience guy there flying to plane as opposed to some punk, some jemunk. Like those two punk on a jury there yesterday. 1113 at 5, 60 WQM. If you're looking for a high speed internet service, you won't let his fast. One that's reliable. One that's easy to use. In short, you want the best. You want the number one high speed internet service provider in the USA? Comcast high speed internet. It's 100% pure broadband. Never blows away the competition. Would speed up to 15 times faster than the S.O.L.I. Now load music. Download photos. Streaming video online games faster than ever before. Simply put, Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around. It would feature like the fan, video email security manager and radio plus. It's even more intense than ever before. And right now you can get to Comcast high speed internet for just 9.95 months for the first to month call 1-800-COMCAST and get the number one high speed internet service in the USA today. Certain restrictions apply call for details that toll free number. Just call 1-800-COMCAST. But it comes to sports. We need the story. Sports where you'll buy 60. We can. Yeah. A band-stack and I can't stand them. She can't stand them. What's the matter? Do you want to find something? All this stuff. She can barely try to shoot. I said you kept my call for that. He said she was the best. She thought he meant us singing but he didn't matter. She has opened. So if you're looking through a playboy magazine, you'll see my older sister on the pages in between. I'm just being told that I'm really a copy of that. I'm so much this stuff is a fan of bold stuff. So yeah, yeah, I'm a set of bold stuff. Just being told that this is my sister's stuff is a fan of bold stuff. She never told you, yeah, it's a set of bold pieces. It's okay. I understand. It pays a lot to show you care. That is that you've lost your mind. I think bubbles just went blind. You may you keep your Janet too. They all think you've ruined us. But I don't care what they all think. The toilet? You just moved us. Your body looks just like my own but I would use to overcome. Oh no, I can't deny it. Oh yeah, I think I'm gonna try all the other stuff. Go back. You're gonna do it with other modes. Go back. Be a set of bold stuff. Be a set of all stuff. Back to the bold stuff. I'm gonna be a set of bold stuff. Be a set of all pieces. I'm gonna be a set of all pieces. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. How's that to go? My God. Take the change. Hey, feel that change. It's 11, I attended five, 60 Brian and Pop Robbins has these jurors aren't just waiting for their dollar. Our just waiting for their multi dollar book feels to start rolling. The jury for them and yesterday said it wasn't comfortable answering one of the questions. And it's probably so we can save it for his book. Plus that fanpage joys. How come everybody named joys is a bitch? I don't know. I'm gonna stop from smiling. They just want to get their lives back till I get to an agent for their stories. They're all mediocre horses, Brian and Pop Robbins. Brian, you are. That's the little rips. Okay. All are feeding us as just a pack of lives. Anyway, any excuse I get to play with. Here's one from Infraven Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who says my increase for the poll are shows that appear on A&A Network. A Medicare injustice is bill Curtis says. A Medicare injustice got it. Got it. A Medicare and the first 48. The first 48 is an awesome show about real alive homicides in subsequent investigation. But real alive homicides take us. It is great to both grade. The title be fits the fact that the detective don't have a suspect to release and wait leaves within the first 48 hours after the crime is committed. Then the chances for some in crime decreased dramatically. And what's the other one there on A&A Network? I watch all the time. Biography. Right? Now do we call out a show or is that I don't know how to say the truth? It is. Sure. If the show on A&A because there's also the biography channel, but on A&A it's a show. Biography. And also, after who really rose many, many points in my estimation with this sentence right here says, by the way, I hit that damn anti-grace like poison. Well, I got news for it. That's good. But not anywhere near like how much I hate it. Or maybe. Oh, but I hate it the first. Maybe is disgusting. Now you know how Diane Diamond and one of the other ones, I think from MSNBC, they're complaining that they got all these death threats and harassment threats sitting there outside the courtroom during the trial. Nope. Not being a violent person myself, but I might, once they're while making exception, if Nancy Grace, they should like tie her up and like put her on the floor here right here right next to me. I might have to like take a two by four with several rusty nails in it. I mean, she just makes me caga. That Nancy Grace. Okay, thank you, Frane. Oh, she's man. They're actually an Indian. They die of Vedic. I can't handle that syrup. My blood sugar group. As soon as I see her face on a TV, my blood sugar goes up 200 points. What? And she's an idiot. Yeah, oh, bubble her. Rubble bubble her. Simple. Yeah. And here she is on court TV and of course she's trying the case on the year. She's the one who wrote, not that she can't offer an opinion, but she goes way beyond that. She is just, and she's got her own shoulder on headline news. And she's on with Larry. She's hosting for Larry. She's all over the place. Larry King is the anti-Christ. He really is. What a, what a lying sack of crap. He's a garbage. Here's one from violent crossbrings. I never missed the original law in order series. Law in order. Got it? We got it. My boss, I'm also nice to the point. He said you made a comment about Jesse Jackson needing attention. Yes, he needs attention. Being famous or known is different from his need for attention. He needs metal attention. And maybe like a little speech therapy too, wouldn't he? I mean, anybody who likes to rhyme all the time, you know, needs to turn into a mind. Right? That's cute. In order to just write it. Yeah, he makes me want to climb off the earth and the soft about it. And American, this is one of the great stories to show up that we're nervous Ranting like that in America. As we continue the search for a medic in justice, they'll murder us. I mean, he's good, but it's so melodramatic. They're over gone. They're little overkill, they're real. Just telling it down. Why don't you not just build, okay? We know you were real intellectual and a wonderful guy, but a medic in justice. Oh, he just, in fact, what the channel is that on? I mean, you don't know. I'm talking about here. Well, son, you need. And how come I can't find a any right now? Right. Oh, I see. Can I look at on the wrong number? Here it is. So many songs. They had enough for a second album, which was released in 19th. Flint, black. Who the hell is that? Redneck. Yeah, who? Well, come on, baby. Wait, where's this? Oh, I better get that off in it. It's one of the terrible third watch on any. I'm working on my fourth watch right now. It's a, a psycho. It's a Jose can, psycho. And American Airlines, jet fly from New York to see it. It was diverted to Chicago yesterday last night. After a suspicious item was found on board of authorities. They did turn out to be already. Oh, my God. A passenger saw the item. And one of the planes of restrooms in total flight of 10 in Chicago. Police, spokesman David, and the police. They're going to be in the same place. They're going to be in the same place. The restrooms in total flight of 10 in Chicago. Police, spokesman David Banks. And what if he's kind of dolly banks? Or maybe the former Chicago area driver. And in fact, Chicago Stanley banks, the police found an arson unit in the FBI determined it was an older looking walk man type radio bank said. It was a big to do over nothing. Banks said, if it weren't so serious, it would be laughable. The 150, passengers and six crew members were evacuated after plane landed 830 PM said airlines, folks will be in the same place. The police said, if France is faggin, no one was heard. No one was heard. Oh, Jesus. Oh, the way you got on the plane. Fly 289 originated from JFK in New York to fly through West Atlanta, Chicago's Francis O'Hare International Airport. So officials there could inspect something on the aircraft. So Chicago aviation department spokeswoman, Kristen, Kevin, on Bon, CAB and BAN. OK. They had a cabin ban. After the plane was searched, Faggin said passengers returned to the aircraft took off her seat, 11.0 twice. Because they fought a suspicious looking thing in the restroom, it was a radio. And of course, radio is becoming like dinosaurs. I mean, what's that? What's that? Oh, desperate housewives, all right. Here you go for Eva Langeoria. He's Eva Langeoria. Eva Langeoria. I thought that we're going to stay for what's his name on Miguel? What does his name again? I don't know. I do know it, but I don't know what's thinking about it. I don't want to say it, show. Here's what I'd say is suggesting for your quality. I'm going to restless. Go Malcolm. All right. Will he's back on that show? No, I didn't know. Well, I'm just telling you right now. Malcolm is back on that show. What does his name again? You know it. Oh, Schmarr more. Schmarr more. Yeah, that's what we want. More Schmarr more. He's back on that show. I don't like that show either, but he sure does still look good. Schmarr more. He's a male model, you know? You're fair. I don't know. Maybe. I thought that was Nick that we're talking about. And Nick got married. He's never had a whole bunch of kids not because what's his name? Oh, we're thinking about it. I came on a show that they tried to out him. That was so bad. Dan Stewart is a real joyshold, you know? He's an idiot. Why didn't you invite him in that day? Oh, yeah. You know, we're talking about him. He's a very easy one. If I didn't. I just can't stop. You cannot stop. That's why they hate you like poison. I'll run to build him. That's what great told me. Right. The most other reasons. Plenty. And of course, you and Boca Brian. I mean, once you brought him in. Take off those checkered pants. I'm so sorry, though. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. With your cell phone book and exposing the checks in family, You're a crew. But Nick didn't play boy. You've been all boss and cash. You're more suited for the one who you're trash. All the judge on all the checks in the cell. Michael and his money just stopped. And there's always where the human might sit on. No more. Girls just shot us. To board the toyor. Tell us a way. Time to make a sleazy book. Oh, your family is made. Oh, Brian. Oh, Brian. That's a damn fact. I can't stand. Okay, come down. Love a 32 28 till noon. And of course, everybody's supposed to forgot about that. Now, do you have the heart there? I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you. Because you might actually have to move. What? Yeah, it's in here. They're hard. We're the whole thing. I'm very much aware of all the children that were there. All the boys have stayed there. And she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression, but he's a bag and she would say that damn fact. And I can't stand him. God, you know, I've said that was Mama Jackson. Not Mama Corleoni. And everybody in the family knew it. But you know, they were all there to lend their support because they went back on a gravy train. And it was even three of the family dogs with it. They heard the gravy train was going to be there. Makes it so gravy. Yeah. Oh, man. That's what Michael kept telling us little boys that Jesus just. No, something else. Anyway, John Nichols writes in the online beat of all things in the nation. King of distraction. Michael Jackson has been acquitted on 10 charges of child molestation in related problems that were brought against the self-proclaimed King of pop. So what? That's right. So what? Jackson's trial was certainly a consequence to the 46 year old poster boy for a arrested development. And it is undoubtedly, and it undoubtedly mattered to his accuser and the boys family. It was also a big deal for the legal team that got Jackson off, so to speak. And for the man who brought the prosecution, Santa Barbara County District attorney Tom Stedon, who's bizarre career of headline grabbing is taking a definite turn for the worse. But nothing about the Michael Jackson trial made into the rest of America. The police have been a soap opera that served for 18 long months to distract the citizens and leave from the serious business of electing a president, protecting the retirement security from all street raiders, and following the deviation of the war in Iraq and the Iraq Mired was destined to be. Make no mistake. Big media corporations loved Jackson, probably because it was cheap to cover. Set up a camera from the California Court House and the hard work is done. And because it had a lowest common denominator of appeal that could always be relied on to titulate audiences, trying to believe that celebrity gossip is news. The problem with Big Media's cynical game of feeding the American public a junk food diet of movie star romances and showbiz scandals is that eventually, prospective starts to get lost. On Monday at Bruthala CBS Radio News announced who described the Jackson verdict as the lead story of the day, perhaps the month perhaps of the year. If that announced it was even remotely right that America is in serious trouble because while much of the media may choose to make the Jackson story the lead minutes reports, this tired little tabloid report is not the story that matters. It is however the story that keeps on giving to the powerful players in Washington who prefer to avoid these sort of scrutiny that's directed at the Michael Jackson of the moment. Notably, on the day that the story of Jackson's acquittal dominated the national news, Vice President Cheney was cheerfully handing out journalism awards at the National Press Bob and Washington. While the reporters who received the 0-4 journalism awards from the Vice President were officially the ones being honored, it was Cheney who had the most to be thankful for. So long as the so-called news media continues to use most of its might and most of the public airwaves to distract the American people from the real lead stories about the misdeeds of a government that sent over 1700 of this country sons and daughters of Needless death and Iraq, or about warpropetering by corporations such as Cheney's former employer, Haliburton, the Vice President has grown to save even more to celebrate than Michael Jackson. And of course he is. Absolutely correct. John Nichols in the nation on our website or at least it will be. It's on there. Okay, it's on there. That's what Josh said it's on there. It's in there. So Josh and George got their flavor way of the Luxembourg's down. I'm sure the tomorrow beginning report. I'll show you. I sure as hell hope so. Don't burn yourself now. It varies. What one TV show on today? You never miss. Who's this bitch? I brought you out of the ten notes from New York. Thank you, Allison. Thank you. Oh, by Allison. None. 52. Well, in fact, we sure write. None of the above. No TV show is really that good. Zoom wait in the time and it's run on a way man. Just like a fleet, Allison, a bell mine. 52 votes. 60 minutes got 38. The daily show 29 24 29 got it. Got it. 24 got 29 votes. 29 got 24 votes. Then would 28 must be great. Never seen did would. I have seen did would have been not to show. In fact, we got a lot of it at a QAM. The show 27. Jeprity 15 16. Dave Chappelle show 15. George Judy and her grotesque punima 14. South Park 13. CSI 11. That's 70 show 11. Smallville 11. The Simpsons 8. Guiding Light 7. How's cooped to do it? That'll be a lot of the O.C. 5. We'll afford to in four. Which I will say this in spite of our audience. We'll afford to in our race. Except for when that was in the Ken Jenny. I mean, Jenny was on there. On the property. We'll afford to in the next. Thanks. I just mentioned that. Even though I was looking at myself. I've never heard of a report to myself. A lot of murder three. I'll let their show in reruns this week. What does that piss me off? There is nothing worse to watch in a game show. That's a rerun. You know? I've never heard of a report to myself. I've never heard of a report to myself. At least you know your Alzheimer's isn't kicking in because you remember the puzzles. It's like watching sports highlights. So we would do that. Yeah. And we like watching old no. Seriously, like watching old games on TV again. What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? Anyway. But I was good timing. One of the nice ping there on a crossbar. Ping that is. Okay. Tery the way. Let's say. One order of three. The McLaughlin group three. Patience two. See, this audience is not a Patience crowd. They don't realize that shirt and is the hottest woman on a face of the earth. Or one of them anyway. I'll tell you who the hottest woman is. Who the. What the hell is her name? She's a reporter for CFTO here in Toronto. The hottest woman I have ever seen in my life. Young. Hey. What is her name? Jewish girl. Goldsteens. That sounds Jewish to you. That one. Different girl. Patience two. This but house wise one. The work in justice one. The wires go one. And none yet. When like you said, why do they have facts in her column? They don't vote for him. The young. A.M. B.B. The first 48. None. And mad TV has none. Her name is. I have to write it down. It's not going to make sense. I must anybody in Ontario. I can see it. Man. She is really some knockout. She's the most beautiful person I've ever seen in my life. I like that. And she's Jewish. Well, Jordan too happy about that. What? I'm not going to be a knockout. I just knocked off the rubber. The return. The return. It's not to help the return. That's good idea. Anyway. Oh, and I meant to mention this on one with Hathus morning when we did our little cross dress over with the Humper. Because he went to do with him. Yes. Two triangle hospitals run by Duke University Health Systems Put Patience in a media jeopardy last year. My friend and tech that surgical instruments were being washed and used hydraulic fluid instead of an detergent. Okay. Operating room doctors and nurses complained about slick tools and frustrated sterilization crews had to run extra wash cycles the regulated reported. But hospital administrators didn't fix the problem for weeks. In November December 38, patients at Duke Health Rally and during regional hospitals were supposed to surgery with a contaminated instruments that had been washed in hydraulic fluid. Okay. They make your introduce nice and slippery. Administrative staff failed to heed the multiple complaints of staff sterilizing and using the nurse's left of the discovery of the early needless to expose patients and these instruments have been able to determine the investigation report. When Duke Health officials disclose them to stay in January, they assured patients that the likelihood of infection was no more than the nurse normally associated with a procedure patient's underwent. But seven months later dozens of patients who were exposed to the surgical instruments are reporting lingering health problems, some minor like fatigue and joint pain, other serious requiring hospitalization. Man, oh man, they got a loop in their tube. Some patients say hospital officials dismissed their symptoms when they reported them though they were urged to notify hospitals of any signs of infection. They sent the hospitals and they were not out of the problems that arose. As they searched for proper treatment, many of us do to tell them what was used in the use hydraulic fluid. A petroleum product called 32AW manufactured by Exxon that may affect a particle from its use in the elevator. Oh my god. Duke has responded. That's not great. Lovely. Duke has responded and still investigating can't get provided to its details. Duke Health System officials declined to be interviewed, citing possible lawsuits. At least 50 patients who develop complications have taken their concerns to lawyers. No suits yet, but there will be trust me. There will be. Duke officials issued a short statement reiterating that infection rates are not notably higher than will be typically expected urging patients to talk with their doctors about concerns. Like when their liver starts like slipping out of their abdomen. Things like that. When a doubt watched it pop out and delivered to. 1141-19 till noon a QA and we got the moment at two. 300 months. Eleven. early past BC Youth iets altars come in a quarter to seventeen 30 March and many and several and many songs coming together. They were women awaiting will cancel sign. Ements! had that big glaring bald spot. In fact, it's like walking around like being a human beacon, you know? The sun shines off your head. You're like a human reflector. Well, it ain't so good because it makes you look kind of schmussy and also makes you look a lot older too. If you want to really go ahead of here, call my good friend Chuck Alphiari. Because for over 30, long, amazing years now. Not turned man. Charlie's been helping the famous, the not so famous and everybody in between look their best because Charlie has invented the best, the most natural look in system in the universe. Don't forget now, the most critical area of any her system is that hairline and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% on the tentacle. Looks like real hair grown right out of your scalp as opposed to you know what. And Charlie's work is completely guaranteed. You have nothing lose that ugly shiny bald spot. It tried Charlie's system for a month for about 30 minutes. And after a month if you don't love the way it looks feels and smells, if you're not getting all kinds of action, just return it for full refund. So hey, Charlie, here's your hair back. Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413. Tell Charlie you've heard about it here on the New York Road. You're showing get a special $200 discount off the already low regular price 800 bucks for that natural hairline system. This is the best way to get you a great looking idea that nobody will realize ain't the real thing. Call toll free. There's no obligation called 1-800-321-2413. It's 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web, it's Charles Offeree.com. Disability and Emergency Over a moment away that cold In my eyes away It's the time that you'll be You'll be a joke I'll be a true man And I'll be a normal I'll be a true man I'll be a true man But here's the The body I just told you If you want to find the picture The all the pain you caught There's crazy things That you're the one You've been with the man In the down Roll out I'll stand you hand to the hurts You're a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! I'm a guy! You're fair, it's 11 till noon if you have. Let's take about 400 calls, get some more TV shows on list, because I got out big oozing pile here, mate. Oh, good. I really do. In fact, John Carroll, this is a great article. I just, uh, I think I just sent it to you. It's pretty tomorrow though. Why are the Democrats such weenies? WDQA will not dare only ask your marinos for sure. 560, 560, pound-56 in the variety and singular wireless line again. It sent us that fact's earlier to complainer. WDQA will play an all-ise Michael and let's play Jackson Vitts. I like him. WDQA, I'm hello. Neil, how are you doing today? Pretty good, pal. John Nichols is a great writer, by the way. Yes, he is. I was just thinking with the Michael Jackson Wall. He was Steve Nichols. Yes. OK., it is John N? Jim Jones, I'm just wondering, gay Kamen. Yes. What is wrong with you? I don't know. Everyone at a Tonight, theists show up here, Mark, so the people went out there, so everything's just going to start apart to one of the or this wouldn't even be noticed that they would be going after him like a pack of rabbit dogs no you bet and if a democrat is lucky enough or unwaking up to get elected in 2008 I predict the meeting is going to turn on him as soon as he gets involved in this two lyrics in some cd that's the music store is they have been all over her life think on bush and I've got to I think every radio every station they won't play it but that's something to see for what it's worth by buffalo springfields for you and on every radio station but I know it will never happen they carry on okay thanks I got it oh jeez oh what did it I just dropped a cassette okay set what's that I got for what it's worth I mean maybe I'll just play that the rest of the and then I can always say well of color she just not play it all day right well he's getting I mean his intentions are good but he just he's he's a fart anymore windstorm see oh don't tell me that I put that thing away because I put a whole bunch of stuff away away and I may have just just been in my drawers so to speak oh there's Al Hibler you want to hear about that who unchained melody by Al Hibler sure is help beats the hell out of the righteous brothers or whichever one is still alive the knife I don't know I don't want to care okay the unrighteous brothers I'm gonna have to do in the break I look in the drawer and I'll dig that baby out and the thing too I got this thing takes forever no I don't want you don't play it off there I got it I got the thing okay poke a brine your friend's book of branson to me the one that's like poison because I have to pay him just merchant it for what it's worth no cut cut anyway the 560 pound five 60 only Verizon and singular wireless line WQAM hello oh yes sir Michael Jackson is my hero buddy okay good I'm happy for it WQAM hello QAM hello QAM look how big is the metal game how many QAM hello Neil Pope yes how are you sir good hey I want to let you know that you are absolutely correct sir about the banana nut it's a dream have you really delighted yeah now that sounded done at a public in my house point but hey even better than that yeah I'm not talking about you're you'll be cursing me in about a month no even better than that I'd be trying to hog and out vanilla I don't want to hear about I don't like vanilla anyway go ahead okay no five six seven oh five six yeah I'm here about no more ice cream I've got my 11 days of out in the ice cream I've blood sugar is great and I can't eat it okay I screwed around long enough and I'm like killing myself a slow but sure death and I'm not ready quite yet especially I'd like to release get this nice freebie summer vacation or more than I'm not ready okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay sir hey what's up good morning Neil one for your poll yeah the family guy the family guy you ever watch that never saw it all matter strongly recommended of course you know we're got 11 30 okay hey one more about Michael Jackson yeah yeah he seemed real upset about not going to get you nothing happens much fun as he got on now there's a little kids in there five six seven oh five six the pound five say because I got said in the beauty and to be all and the Verizon secret or what it's not whatever it is um dummy QAM hello hey Neil yes sir how about cops of the american most wanted for your poll top and the america's most wanted Neil it's um it's that old decrepit poll something still alive that does that kettlebell for Harvey oh Harvey yeah good day did yet no he's still broadcasting down in a basal with Angelina jolie it's called for a blood is he really I hope so now he's all right if he when she died then we when we still could have those bits because then Angelina it was a lot more entertainment he ever was good day well I think it was quite an upper on io d when I started on that station remember that now you were there yet no yeah they that that format was so screwed up course that's when they held that bill not so wise was the pd they harming they pay me all that money which at that time was a lot of money and and then they had the format also they had Rick we were sports commentary which they uh Schmidt can't at the first day and then they had Paul Harvey 12-35 minutes right there in the middle of my show I said you people got to be Schmidt and me and they said oh we don't know Schmidt and I said that's obvious did they also they they they they they they they dumped it Paul Harvey goodbye and I was in the back he's uh just annoying W2AM hello I need attention W2AM that's obvious QAM hello Neil yes sir I'm applying justice line justice okay he plays the what seems he played for not Indians 567-0-560 is he still playing day justice or just in the booth man he's in the booth yeah you know that I didn't know that and who's booth yes pn oh boy and that's sad now who was he married to Hallie Burry the hit him like wow the things that she said about him all of which I'm sure were true 567-0 he did look pretty good once upon a time 560 me've arrived in singular while I was Malcolm W2AM hello yes thank you all with Neil what are you got I want to ask you about 10 to start the pick Floyd we are reading writing and talking about things like 567-0-560 pound 560 in the right in singular while it's lines W2AM hello I knew yes sir I love your show man yeah I would like to get on your pole yeah but you would W2AM hello I live in this episode of W2AM hello yes sir yeah don't you think they should close the prison and Cuba for the upper place for those prisons yeah for the polka knows the prison right where the old zoos are and the polka knows right W2AM hello pretty good to hear man listen out I fear from the pocket dogs is called but Anna's foster by the way no it is not but Anna's and I have one problem and it's foster but the one that I've had is banana nut no the banana foster is good and it's not that robbing up brown sugar in there oh well listen and you're at I don't want to hear about no ice cream okay stick it stuff it put it where the moon don't try okay take your banana nut you're fair and your banana is foster and feed them like old fearless fearless plastic remember that cartoon of course not it's on the you before you were born hey you do I don't remember that for what pretend you do oh that's a wall a clipper the new marlin tv announced there were something which walls always uh no aims ahead of me but I finally realized we really is after looking in him after last night's cubs game the vera cleaver's older brother wall a cleaver wall a he knows like no wall a to me maybe I never saw him I don't think I want to reach walls see look like wally all he is fantastic girls from leave it to beaver oh don't tell me you don't know for I don't I'm more tell Georgia you know who been crossbees it's something I don't know who he is I've never you know you don't know who been crossbees before to me yeah fortunate that he's avoided being crossbees yeah that's true I would agree with that we said that to the day I and ever leave reaver now who's yet another just not only and you ever saw leave it to beaver but it's not like I remember anything but you better start being a student because that's a very important part of american culture okay sir and you better start getting some of those pencils and leather belts like wally used to wear the plastic one of course right relax my message my walls by listening to the released was developing You're all my God. Oh my god. Something happened in the... What are you hearing that? What it is, main exit. I have that one channel effect here. I think it only does it on my top deck. Remember we had this happen once before? Yes, it did. That's exciting, I like that a lot. In fact, maybe we could play like one channel one hour and then kill the next star with the other channel. What do you think? It's a good compare. It's something to think about. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh yeah. There we go. I got your boat channel. I got boat channel, Stu, Mr. I got your channel right over here. I'm catching up here. I'm catching up here. There's something happening. We could do this and we'd have a wrap-up. This, I'll do it. It's a game exactly. Okay, that's enough. We're going to chase them away. They don't want to know. Protests songs. That was back in the 60s man. We don't want to be a protest in right now. They'll come in the ragged away and nobody oversees again. Like Josef Adia. Anyway, it's 12.5 a QM. Here's that story by Joe Carroll, the right for these sentences go chronicle. Joe Carroll says, why is the Democrats such weenies? Howard Dean makes the unremarkable statement that the GOP is the party of light Christians and other Democrats run on Tley and say, Oh no, oh no. And he Republican Yahoo accuses Dean of a political hate speech. He's right. North Christian is an epithet. Advances to video tape from my series. We're Republican convention indicates that both characterizations are entirely fair. They are. Absolutely correct. And yet some Democrats think Dean is being too confrontational. We should be nice to the lying liars or people will think we're gasp. Partisan. Partisan is a good thing. It's what the founding fathers had in mind. The problem comes when one party stays very partisan. And the other party starts modifying and modifying to try to find some mythical friendly center. I love Mr. Rogers, but I never thought he'd make a good chairman of the DNC. So maybe lunatic liberal should keep a few things in mind. First, the Bush administration is increasingly unpopular. The latest ABC Washington Post poll reveals that 52% they work in people disapprove of the way Bush is running a country, asked specifically about Iraq and the numbers climb 58% as a proof of his handling of the war. Which means according to Eric Alderman, George W. Bush's approval rating is that a full 20 points lower than Bill Clinton's was under the day he was impeached. I believe the American people want a party that will express the displeasure at the A-Lidious and corrupt Bush administration in strong and vigorous terms says Joe Carroll, John Whatever's Name is, Carroll, O'Connor. People should stop believing the bluff bluff that the bluff, that Fox News represents some significant percentages of the populace, the latest Neilson rating showed the Fox News channel as 1.7 million viewers in prime time with only 416,000 following the 25 to 54 demographic. This is a nation of 300 million people. However much noise it makes in however much room it takes up in the brains of media people, Fox is a very small muffin in a very large bakery, a small, weasend bitter muffin ignored everyone else does. What's wise and old? A-Lidious since February, the US Army has missed its recruiting goals every month, sometime by as much as 40%, people do not like the war and they don't want their sense and daughter's dying and the cause of whatever the cause is. You think the Bush is what support the beleaguered military by enrolling high profile Republican seans in the Army, both Bush daughters are eligible to sign up, but it's not happening. Sacrifice doesn't play well and they go back to say good propaganda parameters, now they make the war as let someone else fight them. That's two words today in two paragraphs. Corrupt you bet I think we have a scandal fatigue because some of the newer ones are not just getting any play at all. A senior Air Force procurement officer, Darlene and Drian, made a deal of the least Boeing refueling tankers for $23 billion, despite Pentagon's study showing that the tankers were unnecessary. Then Drian quit the government and joined Boeing, such a coincidence. Two years later she pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraught and was sentenced to nine months in the federal pen. Meanwhile, a Bush administration has ignited a trade war with Europe over illegal subsidies to airbus because the life subsidies perked and prayed business is not. You guessed it, Boeing. We'd never give illegal subsidies to Boeing. All mine know. This is just one example of the malign effects of the revolving door between big business and the Bush administration. There's the case to Philip Cunie for more American patrol and minstance who lobbyists, who sign on his team for staff at the White House Council on Environmental Quality. According to documents obtained by the New York Times, Cunie repeatedly edited official documents to eliminate or downpied the now widely accepted links between greenhouse gases and global warming. The White House is still taking the position that global warming is a liberal conspiracy. The liberal's ability to cause a drought in Australia has amazed many people. This is merely the latest and the long series of incidents from accidents only sex education campaigns to downplayed links between smoking and heart disease in which the administration is adjusted the fact that it's conclusions and depletes its corporate donors in its ultra-conservative base. Most Americans are neither ultra-conservive nor super rich and they're interested in hearing the truth. The Democrats should be interested in telling the truth and telling it in the strong and convincing manner. They can't flinch when the White House does one of its game-marriage boogabugadances. Be not afraid Democrats is not an occasion in which the sequel and herith the earth. Speak for the people because the people need you to win the madness. Excellent. Good call, huh? Play that now. There you go. It's got all whipped up into an original fray. Turn a clock back to the sixties when people give a crap about more than stupid Michael Jackson and get about important things like a beast. And the doors in the beast voice and Motown and No Town, Herbert Herbert and the soldiers in the air, then people. That's not important. I'll take it what is important in the murher today. You want to hear it? Katie Holmes says he's embracing Scientology the religion of a boyfriend Tom Cruise. Oh my God. Lisa McAvala. Yeah. No, it's just a closet. It's what it is. I mean, you people in the media where you ever stop are you ever going to like stop at a Bolonia already. Holmes and London's he ain't no Shyla Holmes, I'll take it that. To promote her new film Batman begins, say the yesterday that she's accepted about her lessons in Scientology, a religion found by Scient fiction writer L. Ron Hubbubb. And of course anybody who wrote any one of the vibbles is a fiction writer. The 26 year old actress improves when public with a romantic relationship in April. The former Catholic and star of television's Dawson's Creek grew up with a poster of cruise on her bedroom wall and has said she grew up wanting to marry him. And she also said, do fairy. We all keep dreaming and luckily dreams come true, Holmes said. Isn't that sweet? Oh, Cruise was in Tokyo Monday for the first of his new film, War of the Worlds. I saw a little clip from that and believed me. If there was a movie that didn't need a remake, that was it. Right. That was a great movie. Just released the original. It'll stand up to the test of time. It was really 50s. I would say 50s. You know, it was at all. No. Firstly when the priest the guest becomes up there. Yeah. So, carry him real quick. They looked at the video. Yeah. He didn't even flush his mouth on the toilet. In an interview when they joined 17 issue of entertainment weekly, 42 roll actor was asked to Holmes his curious about Scientology. Yeah, absolutely. She digs it. He tells the magazine. She's digging it. Old style. And response to a question about whether he does told him it's not to do factory girl about an EV sense where can Andy Warhol because of the drug use in the movie crew says, I don't even know what factory girl is. In fact, he didn't even know what any girl is if he asked me. He adds, listen to the thing you got to know about Katie is that she's an incredibly bright and self-determined woman. She makes her own decisions. Crews was previously married to Mimi Rogers and the quote, Mimi Rogers. Yeah. And the quote came and I forgot that already. And dated Penelope Crews for seven years. Were we buying that? No. Any of them? No. I'm not a director. Chris Klein recently called out their engagement after dating for five years. When I spy entertainment weekly, if he finds some post-alms, cruise replies, it's going to happen, man. It will happen. Right after Ben Affleck gets turned out. What do you think? By here? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now, there is something to think about. You think about it. I know thanks. Ben and Tom, Tom and Ben, as in Ben down. Twelve minutes passed. Twelve. Ben down. I've been back up. You know. farther or farther. Eight. Cute. See you tomorrow. Just go ahead and get off your car. You will need less attention. Kind of?. Bring the tv show. Today,  uh it. Send your offer. Welcome back with me today. Okay, We'll put it on today. Unfortunately we'd better get that shot already. ** partner voice** Jeffrey 2021, the Simpson's 19 South Park 18 CSI 17, Judge Judy with the ugly poonum she's got 16 that 70 show 14, smallville 12, desperate housewives 10, battle star galactic 9, over as rich Springfield when we need him and Robert the what was his name? Robert. The other act that was in at the show, Richard. Richard. Very good. Richard had. Let's hear it for George. Holy cow. I didn't know you like him. Guiding lights 7, the O.C. 6 prices right 5, the blocking room for the wire for four wired. A weaferton Ford and VcDateline 3, the Zepranos 2 family guy 2 passions 2, tops 1, Merckon just a medic in justice 1, a medic in justice and none yet for these today show good morning America, blind justice in America's most wanted young and restless A&E biography the first 48 or mad tb had a 471, none yet. We're working on it. 1214 already a QAM when you're shopping for shoes comfort fit and price those of the three ingredients that you be looking for. So get your ass over to Brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes. Whatever style you pick out, I guarantee you I'll bet your most life on it. They got your size on the shelf right in the top on your feet right now because Brandy carries a humongous elixir every major brand like rock port 4 or 5 echo and I'm a fist OSAS new balance all the others as well. Just ask for Arnie. He'll make sure you get the perfect fitment to write price every time and a brandy like I've always said chances are whatever you like they got it waiting for you. The pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort after 25 years of serving South Florida there's still a great family business worth the trip from just about anywhere in town. So don't forget now for comfort style, fit value and selection. Brandy shoes is unbeatable and you'll find about 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach open daily till 9 Sundays till 5 and just in time for a father's day for your father for a child. I'll be one of these for him a life. Oops, what was that? You know I don't know. Where did that come from? Came from the computer. Well I'll be there. I just had to pot on and that's what I heard that Arnie and Doris squeak and open I thought somebody was going into Brandy's. In this weekend Brandy's just in time for fathers day like I started to say for your father for a shine new balance story and rock for it's like that men saw a style all on sale this week. So be sure to get into this door this week or do your shoe shopping for fathers day and every day at Brandy's shoes dot com. What it comes to sports? We are the ass for it. Sports when you're 26. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. When we see someone on the street or meet an old friend how you doing. And I've taken this saying that well personally I'm doing fine but I'm worried about my country. We are living in a democracy and I admit that has bothered me greatly because I believe in expanding fascism and then communism especially toward our children. been working for children and families for more than 30 years. And I am convinced they deserve crisis and peril. So I will continue to cut people down instead of lift people up. We cannot hold out the promise of that dream that inspired so many of us and our parents and grandparents. The future will not belong to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. The future belongs to the cynics of the American dream. Thank you. Thank you very, very much. I got another one for the pool and nobody's called in yet better be on her. 7-7. Okay. You don't watch that religiously? I've never seen the episode. You've never seen 7. I don't watch it at all but I've seen a couple of middle. And as you channel sir, if you want to stop on some of them, because there are some pretty interesting people on the right. I know Jessica Beals are there but she will arrest her people. Howard Beals on there. Don't tell Josh that. He'll ever watch it. He'll like Howard Beals. He likes Jessica Beals. I'll see. Here's an A. Listen, I can't help but to fact that you and Chris have got no tasting. He hated them and we like poison. I like them. I love seeing movie. Did you get a clock or corn juice? Did your daughter not put up the break and it'll break into the work. No. If you tell us you don't like that movie, we're going to get you an anti-grace together and you know where you can't like it. That violence, that lot of sex, that bloody. It won't make me fall asleep with it. Actually, if you fall asleep during that movie, man, you're in a dead home. You don't get no pulse. You need some notos. He fell asleep during that work. Here's one that says, can you help out the Doltz and listening audience? Like me, after you read a reading article and ate, they all, please give the source. Oh, well, you'll find them on our website near Rogers.com. Usually, I mean, he's got a good point, I guess. You always give credit upfront. I'm too stupid to write it down then. I see. So in other words, after I finish. In other words, if it's something good, afterwards, they don't want to write down the code. I keep myself in our writing down. Last article, you read from the San Francisco Chronicles of Keeper. Can you help me out? Can I help them out on what? Like, totally. By John and I, whatever his name was? Yeah, I don't know. I already Schmidt candidate. I don't have it on here now. What about the Democrats being a bunch of weenies? That's the one. Did you value H.I? Did you put it on? And probably not. It's for tomorrow, I believe. Yeah, probably not. And then you, I don't know. I'll be in a way, space. I'll play that instead of all of this. What do you say, huh? A little 60s revolution news is a little protest on. Not or the 1700s Americans. By the way, there's a whole bunch more dead people in Iraq, but you already know that. They're not Americans. So we don't work here anyways. Pretty obvious, we don't care. We don't even care about the Americans. So I should be care about all those schmothaids, right? It's going to schmothaids. Here is the most, look at that. Oh, did you see it? They're going to a break. There's that Cristiana Aman, who, as she's got the, the most limited year on because he's interviewing Rochan Johnny. He's a little invested. He's here. This in cousin of Santa when Johnny, who? Here is Johnny. He was in that movie, the shining. Oh, wait till he hears this, this will tell you what's wrong with America. Besides like Tammy Fay, oh, we said, I mean, it, leave it to a crazy overmaid image like her. But media is sick and they pop down. I mean, if even she knows and how could anybody would have a brain, not know it. About 40 percent of Americans say they consider tough your almost Bill or Riley a journalist. more than would define fame-washing and post-me-for-to-bobwood were the same way according to a poll-connected off of the spring. A rally is on the Fox News channel offering his off-and-tart conservative opinions while what would a spent a career writing news stories in books? Only 30 percent of those polls said woodward is a journalist while 53 percent said they didn't know despite the fact that woodward and Carl Bernstein broke the water gates to the elderly and the President Nixon's resignation. How do you like that? Yeah, more than a judge says he didn't even know who been crossbees. Who was the other one you didn't know that we just said before? Oh, uh, while he and Bieber cleaver. See, one thing I want to tell you, listen to me. I mean, I know, leave it to Bieber but I don't know. I mean, I know who Rudy Valley was, okay. He was like a way back when I had the first full-and-graph records. The old 78s. The long before I was born. Did I ever listen to his name? But I at least I knew who he was. See what I'm saying? Very proud. Charlie, Charlie, chaplain. I know who Charlie Chaplain. Who does a lifestyle in movies? I won't watch them. I will not watch. He was very funny in the adiada and busker keen in a lot of these people. I didn't watch them at here, but I knew who they were. See, who doesn't know who Charlie Chaplain is. Yeah, so then how could you not know who been crossbees was? I didn't say, and leave it to Bieber. Leave it to Bieber is probably as important a part of American culture as a 60 minutes. Oh, we agree. No. I think that wally cleaver is probably more important than like wally crown kind. At least the most Americans and actually have a ton of see no more from flipper. Who? Flipper. Coriall right. You know flipper. I know flipper. Good. Thank God for that. Anyway, more than a quarter of America said, talk show host Rush Limbaugh was a journalist. Oh, yeah. While one and five said it considered newspaper comments George will be a journalist. Right. Paul Respondis were asked about 10 writers, TV news anchors and broadcast personalities. They were simply asked. Please tell me if you think so and so is a journalist or not. The question made no specific reference to differences between reporters and commentators. And other people paid to give their opinion as opposed to a journalist who's supposed to be somebody like a little bit objective. Maybe a little even maybe from a slant like a far left slant like George will. Yeah. Careful. Okay. Limbaugh said yesterday. He was not really surprised by the results. So he 27% of Americans with his crime and his journalists. I'm America's anchorman doing news play by play 15 hours a week for nearly 17 years now. And this is just more evidence that the old media has been offered like dominance is finished to conserve it at the right wing till popping hyphicrit said. The animal pole was conducted for March 7 to May 2. If for a sense of publicity about Mark Felt, the former FBI official was really a late last month. We would words Watergate source known as the throat. That's Mark Felt with a very hot grandson. Can't think of Hall of Jamison director of the animal public policy center. So the pole results are guessed the public defines the word journalist far differently than those in the press be defining it. Anabird also pulled journalists from all sectors of the industry only 3% of journalists said Limbaugh was somewhat close to being a journalist and 11% said that O'Reilly while 93% said journalists would were with somewhat close to very close to being a journalist. How could he not be a journalist? He writes, both of he wrote and it was a writer in Washington Post. How long has it ever heard of him? And a reporter. I think your eyes doesn't have a show. Oh, yeah. He does. He's on all over the place. Well, that's right. This was taken before deep throat. And of course, if you ask, I would say you went into mall right now and asked most Americans about deep throat. It asks, how's one in the lovely school? What do you think? Right. How is she doing? She's still crusading. She's in her anti-foreign crusade, baby. She is a swimming upstream. She's fine. Yeah. Now, he'll teach her to mess around with that old Harry Reams or any Harry guy. Too bad she came around before she was she was big before Ron Jeremy came around. Then she could have been with a big fat Harry guy. Hey, your growth test Ron. 27 past noon a QA. Hey, by now you've got to know our friend Anthony Kelly. And he's the main man at a substance cavity mortgage. Don't forget now before you call any other mortgage company. Let's remain man-tiny where you didn't know. And that is that most things only work with three different mortgage products. And if you're credit is less than absolutely perfect, you're going to want to get in turn down. If you're not working with a writer, Leonard Chancesa getting approved or maybe 50, 50. So do yourself a favor. Call right now, toll free and please be sure to tell him that crazy Berkeley told you to call call one, triple eight for a three loan. That's eight eight eight for a three loan. And let the main man in his team put you in a mortgage that meet your needs. She is so I'm going to tell you seriously. She is so far beyond having your clue that there are no words to describe it. Of what go to the wrong lender, maybe being turned on because you call the wrong number, called the main man Anthony Kelly and oh, at acceptance cap of mortgage two day toll free, call one, triple eight for a three loan and say, hey, that crazy bitch Berkeley told you to call. That's triple eight for a three loan. And don't forget every time they close a loan, of course, no need to do it. Because they don't need to do it. Why would you want to call anybody else? So what do you all wait and switch? Call the main man Anthony or Kelly and oh, today. Hey, how you doing Anthony at one triple eight for a three loan. So, please, that's the biggest personality. I'm going to show you a lot of things. What's with your five six? She way. Now, when I'm so mystery-septate, where the oldest and most bizarre, all-in-serve mysteries, history of why Michael Jackson is constantly making those strange and annoying sounds in the middle of his songs. And now with the latest album, her story, not history, her story, soon to be released, the enigma continues. No exception to this. This Michael's latest single off the album screen with his sister Janet, amidst the usual chaotic lyrics and driving beat, our producer-sew it himself, Mr. Scott had no less than 33, who's in more than 15 growing noises. The bones and friends of Michael Jackson might ask themselves, what does it all mean? Could it be Michael has some sort of medical problem? Hacksets an offshoot of two at central, or just the annoying railings of the confused and gender-questioning manchel. In here to another question, does Michael make these distracting hard sounds in every day life? Or just one scene? Or is it multi-separameteristron? Doesn't like I'll have the prime mid-whoo, and I think the title with sour cream and for dessert the custard pop? Oh, um, the milk? Uh, look at that. The real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting... Oh, no! Help the children! Oh, make the girls a better taste than them! Oh, me! Ah! Everybody has a coolest why Michael continues to make these God of all noises, why this man is so annoying please call unsolved mysteries. Ah! I apologize. And it's accepted. And I just love Robert Stack's version. I were talking about that before they showed it in the fact that they got the new unsolved mysteries, and even though he's been dead for several years, now he's still a moderator. It's amazing. So one of it that I don't play often enough in the spirit of Robert Stack compels me to play. 14 feet above the field of 10 minutes. Like epic or always, to smoke in the forpique. In all three holes. And in both rooms six. Like epic or always, the trick of the twins can we get on the way? Damn, I did that finger out of your ear. You don't know what that finger's been. That's fine compartments, and it looks like a big tile and all. You can say it's both. With the first four compartments, reach the boss' mic. Captain, Barbara, stand wait. No, it's fine. Like epic or all, we quit and fed him. The washer will spill over the tops of the buckets. There's no stopping. Here, here's a fire in the barn for this warmest amount of water to do. Me, you John, you big tree. Titanic will thunder. I just want to tell you both that luck. We're all carry on. I believe you may get your headlines. This is my share of 10 years. Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your vegetables. Wearing this. Where did you get that dress? It's awful and those shoes. And that quote, sheee! See, the great part about that movie, we said in fact it was just plain hysterical. It's the fact that people like Lloyd Bridges and Robert Stag, who were never known for comedy. They were like a panic. They were. They were. He's always a goofball, but there were a lot of people like, like, Kareem, Abdul, Jabbard. They were like, all kinds of Peter Graves. Who the hell does that exactly? A panic on fiction impossible. No. But he was sure of panic in air. And he liked Michael Jackson. You're fair, like little boys. Anyway, I'm sitting here to be coming chronic says. The one shrine ever missed is lost. Yeah. It is a great show. Also, we mentioned a whole bunch of others on here, which we'll forgive them for, because we might as well put them all on there. In fact, let's just put every show that's on a TV guide. Feel more girls, Veronica Mars, and Stargate Atlantis. He says, I'll get honorable mention. Are we going to put them on there? No, let's not. Why not? We got lost. Feel more girls. Kill a give me a break. I never saw him. I said, is that the Doug Gilmore girl had no idea. Oh, maybe buddy Gilmore and George Gilmore and John Gilmore and them. And he'll why don't they never crash used a media bed or they should call a press conference. So, when I'm coming, you're a fan of presenting that notice to President Bush and if some of the media doesn't show up, never speak to them, never give them any of you. Whenever calling them, I'm going to take questions during your press conference. And of course, why would you want to call on him if you're not the president? See, right? He doesn't understand. Demis need to learn how to use an abuse of media. This is a pity. Why do you actually want to correct, but they're a bunch of weenies, as John West's name is a San Francisco Chronicle said. Oh, and we got some very important news. Much more important than dying people in Iraq and social security and people out of work and stuff like that. Sports stuff. And you see about Kevin Winslow, Josh? No, I didn't. Well, I didn't go to U.N. or is that really? Yes, you did. I thought so. I remember his daddy was a great player. San Francisco 49ers. Am I correct? Yes, I am. See, what am I asking you for? Wait, is dad, you played for the chargers? Kevin Winslow? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Double check that. That's exactly what I played for the chargers. I believe he played for the 49ers. And anyway, why do you look in that up? Please, I'm Browns' tight and Kell and Winslow. Oh, and if he's tight, anybody watch out for Jeff Garcia? I forgot to mention this, but you know, do you have the NFL channel? No. Um, I do. Okay. And I felt like, right, it's not in the right now. It's your leading. They have a show on Shirley. Yeah, so I'm a house, although the national word. We're in a commercial break. But anyway, every now and then, I'll slip over and watch a little bit of that. They got some interesting stuff on there. And they saw some clips from the sidelines. Jeff Garcia. Anybody bring any gum? Any you guys bring any? Seriously. I mean, Jeff, you fair. Wow. And how ironic that it was Jeff Garcia who introduced this to what's your name? It was on our B.D. Curtain. I may have been the hottest rod I ever saw in my life. Come, I'll let you see it. I'm looking at Cesati. As I said, the San Diego charges. Tell them Winslow? Yeah. Come on. He never put it for the 49ers? No. Never? Do you want me to read it again? Are you sure? Okay. Go to another site. Maybe it's okay. The difference doesn't make. I mean, is this important or what? I'm positive. Maybe I'm thinking of somebody else. I think you're lying. Cleveland Browns said, and Kellon Winslow reportedly in junior. Reportally injured is kidney and liver while attempting stunts on his high powered motorcycle last month. And want to go surgery today on the right knee, to drop in the accident. His contract, by the way, says an unvant. Where is it says that somewhere in here? But nevertheless. Or, yeah, it's listed as a hazardous activity in his contract. Winslow toward the anterior crucial ligament. The ACL is knee. When he crashed his motorcycle into a parking lot curve at 35 mile an hour. The 21 year old was hospitalized for nine days after being thrown over the handlebars. In his first interview since the accident, Winslow told the acroden beacon journal that he last awaited his liver and kidney bruises right children cracked a bone and his upper right leg in the crash. In addition to the torn leg ligament, other than that, he's doing just fine. What he said, oh, we're fine. You said lean ligament. Leaning ligament. Remember, he made for the Rangers. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. He played for the charges. Boy out of it. A lot of money that Kellon Winslow played for the 49. Why am I getting a lot of money? There in California. There in Califonia. There in Califonia. I'm actually like a hundred bucks off George's next paycheck. Okay, let's take some of these calls. They're probably like a Zillion very, very sensation. We might actually discover a good show today. Like I'm an investor. Playhouse 90. Studio one. WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How about the symptoms? The symptoms. How come we left that off of there? Why don't you? You're working. It's on me. If that off. Okay. No. Okay. I don't know. I just don't want to show us. Sorry. I know you feel bad about that. I don't feel bad. It's your one. I don't either. Dominic, you're a. Hello. Yes, sir. I think I have a linguistic solution to some of this confusion about what we call these people on TV reporting, whatever the reporting. Yeah. Besides buyers. Yeah. Let's from now on. Let's call. Government. Sure. Going that phrase. It's the government. You're going to say that phrase. Nobody's ever going to say it, but you just put it. Thank you. Never meet you. Yeah. Take it out of there. It's like the Jeff Gannon, Guckert, you know, AJF. You're fairery. And Matt. You're fairery. And Anne. What's your name? You're fairery. All of us. And what's the other one? Laura. You're fairery. And don't forget the vice president's daughter. You're fairery. And the vice president's daughter. You're fairery. All of them. Speaking of prejudice, all we better take the break. Because I'm getting a little bit behind. I see how we're like. I'll see get the lines a little bit. It's hard to catch that. Let's see get inside that behind. 5.67056, the pound five 60 is not only above is just there's no chance. It's just pulled away 97 because TV generally has most of you people all the way to agree below. What comes to it? It's real rubbish. You're a rubbish. Rock solid. Which one you'll find? Rock solid. Yes. You're going back to Canada, then you too bastard. Hola. Hello. Hola. Tabimoto Residine. Oh, who is this the maid? No, this is the wife. Talia. Prepa. I'd like to speak with Tommy Victoria. Hello. Tabimoto Residine. Puh-ha. What do you call me? Girl. No, no. Talia. Let me talk to the devil. Please hold. Tommy. Tommy. Raha. Tommy. What is this? You cut the phone. Oh. Hello. Tommy, Victoria. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job. You lost your job. I didn't lose my job. I stepped down. Or sure. However you want to paint the picture. Whatever you want to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it. But you lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. If you're talking to the dog. That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was true for maybe 5-10 minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on earth every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice, search. Tommy, Victoria, that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Kimi, jungles, burritos, to steams. I got more gas than ex-un. And you deserve to have the bloat. Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you would. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, Tommy. You will go with the Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy, it's it's cheese. If it's not cheese, it's it's not cheese. It's what's that driving place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be way too. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimmy chained up. Mmm. Mmm. Edmitted. I was to reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a madly. I want to live in a madly. You're living in a madly. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I gotta go. I gotta take over the Taco Bell. Okay. Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. All right. All right. All right. All right. I gotta go to MIT. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, after neighbor, it would go up. To buy. To. To. Pro 47 of QAM. One TV show today. You never, ever, met a son of a penalty of death. None. 104. Zippery, Duda. 60 minutes 46. They made show 42. Deadwood 42. 24. 40. 34. 50. 24 is got 40 votes. The shield got 40 votes. The cinchens got about 30. Man. Jeffrey D.26. Triple show 24. South Park 23. CSI, I. I. 20. Good for Housewives 17. Jesse. Miguel. Jesse. Sometimes. I can't. Very good. I didn't know you liked him. I don't know. Of the 70s, that 70s show 17. That's Ashton Kuchi Kuchi, who really is good in online nerves now. George Judy 16, Smallville 13, Law on odor 11, Battle Star Galactia with Richard Hatch 119, they subpanos 10, guiding light 9, OC7, family guy 5, prices right 5. They're a glockling group for 4 votes. Bye bye. The buyer for. We're the fortune. Still stuck on the for. That's amazing. I better stop talking about that. We'll afford. Because our audience is not into. Nothing that the," coach, even though we're doing. We think that's something bad. If it's okay, Christina Notano, I can't watch that. But never stop talking about your declarations. These two evinal divisions cause you'll never hurt. especfications that are artificially taken, surveying the difference between business. You saw the uninhabited v minus 19, it was natural. Jahren of named advertisement usually affirmed the standing. Look, it's every soap opera. Yeah, it doesn't go anywhere. Like every soap opera. Right, exactly. Well, no, I mean sooner or later something happens. That does. Just like in Philadelphia, Mississippi, it took many, many years. Oh, but people can hear you. There's babies running cool around and they get a divorce. Oh, my God, that's story yesterday from Philadelphia, Mississippi, where they showed the Confederate, the rebel flag is still in front of the courthouse. Mississippi and the deep South, like I have been telling you, folks, the laws may be changed, but the people are the same, okay? Exactly. They are exactly the same. They're still missing around up there in the woods in Aintree, which is in Georgia, but kind of like close by. Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, Northern Florida, Central Florida, West Coast of Florida, Texas, Oklahoma, all of these places, all of these things. Then, Chinese says, it'll be in the courtroom every day to watch the trial of her two-to-transmunt cues that killing his older brother and two other civil rights workers more than four decades ago. It's good to see that Mississippi is living in the 21st century, changing till the Aintree. Now they're not to just pretend them. They're just fun of me. The case against 80-year-old Edgar Rae Killin, what a great name it is, Rae. The accused killer. For a killer. Edgar Rae Killin. This week. Oh, some dark guy represents Mississippi's latest attempt to deal with unfitted business from the state's bloodstained racial past. In a measure of how much things had changed over the past 41 years, about a quarter of the jury pool on Monday was black. Roughly reflecting the racial make of the county's 28,700 residents. In 64, very few blacks were registered voted in the show of the county, and jurors were usually all white. The slangs of the city and the city were given to Michael Schornner, three young men who were helping register blacks during the Freedom Summer of 64, and were investigating the church for him the night they disappeared. Galvanized the civil rights movement and helped when passing to the civil rights act of 64. The case was dramatized in the 88 movie Mississippi burning, which you all ought to be forced over and over and over again. And this will pull 100 and what that was, what's his name? Gene Hackman was in that. Okay, right? I never saw it. Do you never saw Mississippi burning? No. How about Alabama? Hey, name. How about that? No. You never saw Mississippi burning. I think that's all part of it. I don't need to watch a wife. No, you better watch it. Who gets naked? Gene Hackman. Oh, and initial pull of 110 potential jurors was narrowed about 60. The second pull of 57 is going to be in the courthouse today. Security is tight in around the Tuesday red record house. My favorite part is the attorney for this old slime ball in the wheelchair. Is attorney a saying, oh, you people in the media are accusing him of being a classman. And they're handing him back the business cards. Well, I mean, they look like business cards that this Edgar Wake Killing was handing off to all of them the previous day that are like cook-hooks, trans cards. They're like membership cards. But he ain't home. That's all lie. Yeah, right. I mean, what are we talking about? What are you people going to stand a deep South going to stop being such a bunch of? Oh, and it was one other redneck they had on their saying, oh, a lot of people think I was being rednished, but we're not. Could have fooled me. Cut a fool of me. You must need to be a very good actor. I just don't know my rednucks. Can't. Margate says last weekend I went up to Chicago. We're going to watch the red socks and the cups duke it out. I had one of the best times in my life. The games were great. The food was to pennies. And as an added attraction, did you know that we're going to be fielded snacked at an in-and-alarm. They'd like to see the largest gay neighborhood in any city. They'd like to not know that. And it was in the middle of one of the widest neighborhoods. The Johnson and the local seem to co-exist and relative peace and harmony. I'm like down here where everyone seems to say to everybody else. Oh, yeah, we got to play that air. Everybody hates everybody else. Don't play that enough either. Well, why does he ask me to let me know that we really feel as if I haven't been there. We did shows from Murphy's bleachers right across the street. We really feel the George would have been there too only at his standing back real quick, because it didn't hate it him. Well, I did that show there. You may be that one was like, I made that great cup of coffee because he was gay. You know, what kind of a streak I make flavored coffee. No, that's right. That was back in the day before they were doing this coffee late-day kind of crap. This RC Farxie coffee crap. That was long before that. So he must have been gay. But they were a hickory nutter. You know, I know Steve Stone was there though, so that kind of proves it. I'm sorry, Josh. Did you know that Steve Stone besides being gay is also a gourmet cook. Did you know that? No. No, I did. That's still don't know. Well, you don't even know who that is. Me? Yeah. Did the games with Harry carry there for a while? Don't you remember when Steve Stone's mother went all of that? I remember that. I remember all of them. Oh, do I have a memory and go and David Sugarman? Right? David Sugarman's mother. David Sugarman's mother. He was good friends with Steve Stone. And I used to call allegedly all the time. I'm David Sugarman's mother. I just don't think he's done about that. But that trip that we were taking. You spoke to Steve Stone? Yeah, I'm what he said. I asked him if he would want to come in and, you know, spend some time with you. Yeah, and he said. No. I got news for a shame. I type. Now, if you want to get some other picture, who might want to, I'm sure Justin Thompson used to pitch for the tag, as you could bring him on issue, at least a couple years ago. If I can't present pictures. He may be in a tiger fan, of course, a lost eight million games, but never less. And then we haven't come to find out. He was another yay who, man. Just somebody's people just stand there and look pretty. Don't open your mouth. I mean, don't see nothing. Wow. He's like that. You know, Justin Thompson, no, I think there's he pitch for the Rangers to get rid of him. I don't know. I don't know who that is. I don't know. Left hander. Picture. Oh, my, you know, I just, I don't get it. I'm just, I'm weak. I'm just weak at the knees, and I can't believe the stuff he important stuff that you guys are. George has never seen Mrs. Sebe burning. You wouldn't know. Bing cross me if he came back from the dead and stuff the golf ball in your mouth. And, uh, you don't know Justin Thompson. Well, he don't pitch no more. I don't believe that. Let me say again. He does not pitch anymore. Who told you that? Last year was 99. The other day. The year crazy is last year was 99. Your mama. You're just making this all up just like killing Winslow. You're making that up. You know what, you're right. Once. I figured I'd make all this stuff up for it. Right. Well, I think about Justin Thompson. You tell me that's his last year in a major. It was 99. Yeah, he pitched four seasons. That's six years ago. But, and what does it say for the Texas Rangers? All Detroit. No. See, that's wrong. You better start looking up your research again, Mr. Because if you're going to be on his sports station, you better know your sports. Okay. That's right. I'm going to really good allow us to stay with the next hour. I got a lot of good stuff. Of course, I don't want to sit here in the weed because that would be really bad. But, you know, we have like, you know, some of these sort of shirt and sweet ones from the Boston Globe. They always have some really cute, easy stuff on there. What you're doing here, all I'm going to be doing about time stories. And I say that like a couple of days ago. That's what we did. Oh, God. And the simple next week went on vacation. No, of course. And we're not going to be doing it on end. California cops cracked down on peace honking. How do you like that? That was that's it. Oh, what was what's on? I get a peace protest on. Well, I think it's channel is out of sync on this tune. It's in sync. It's out of sync. It's in sync. I wish you know, in sync. That's not. Protesters are locking horns with police and pacifist pack Marin County for finding drivers who honk for peace. Officers have been pulling over motorways to honk as they grab by a weekly peace demonstration. Protesters say police are discussing freedom of expression. We've been picketing for a long time. All of a sudden the police are out to try to stop the honks. St. Peacock Melvin Fisk, a corporal in the Marines during WW2. We assume honking is as American asap. If we want to applaud a rations, it's there right to do that. If people want to do their thing. Tybeuren police captain, Dave Hutton said excessive honking is an unlawful use of horn. And officers are simply doing their job. Unlawful honking. So far, officers of issue three citations at nine warnings. Five to ten protests are typically participating in the hour long Friday peace vigils. And you know what they're all singing? They're all singing for what is worth. Protesters, what you're wrong, said about four weeks ago, police began lying and wait for motorways. And as soon as they grab a honk, police pulled over the car. Sounds like I just wrote a plantation. Yes. What? What? Comstets? What? What? What? What? What? What? This is honored. This is not a tomb. It's the one to two, Ola. Now, Michael, I want you to answer as truthfully as you can. State your name for the record. Michael Jackson. What did you give the children to stay with you at Neverland? Give them hot milk, cookies, anything else? Can't cut. If a boy wanted to sleep with you, I wouldn't have a problem with you. Have you had sexual relations before? Yes. Away to go. Listen to the rest and crocodiles and tigers and lions. Your accuser said he saw you naked. Did he see your private? Absolutely. And this is those who are very swollen. You'd be amazed how often I hit it. Well, how about this? Be the genius. Not my devil. He just said, go. There's an eye on the one. But the kid is my son. It's 103 at 5, 60 W. I never heard his name again. It would be too soon for me to be honest with it. I think today we can like to dispense with this until next candle. I hope. Pristen's flocking to religious media. Oh, my God. When family net reported on the recent misuniverse pattern, the Christian TV network ended off footage of these swimsuit competition. When World magazine wrote about a church in Berlin controversy, the Christian publication noted that the mainstream media has badly garbled the story. And when the Christian broadcasting network discovered found her pet Robertson's trip to India, a reporter made a reflected ascribed miracles that had been delivered. In the world of Christian news, you'll find a biblical perspective on the name of an unenable lack of skin and celebrity gossip. In other words, a pack of light. Right. That describes it very well. We're starting with a good news news director for Family Net. Some Christians say that's exactly what they want. Many are turning to religious media for their news, and they're finding a growing number of outlets from TV newscats and magazines to radio shows and websites. Satan, now here it is. This is my favorite expression in the history of my life. Sacred media. Yeah. Sacred media is more trustworthy than a secular counterpart, some church coerce say. Christianity is a worldview they say in religious news outlets, provide an alternative for those who reject mainstream media. But some religious and journalism experts caution that those are realized exclusively on Christian media, asking the full story. The quality of religious news outlets varies and some are focused on evangelizing and advancing a political agenda they said. Couldn't be that far right-wing agenda could have been there at all. In general, though, Christian news filters political and cultural issues to re-religious lens and addresses topics such as the evolution of it in Kansas, and whether God would frown on stomach stapling. You think God would frown on the staple singers? They sing some great hymns and hers. The quote that headlines a religious website says it all, the press just doesn't get religion. Well, I knew there was something that we could say about the press, but they're madingly who writes for the Get Religion website, GetReligion.org. Said writing about religion or reporting from a Christian perspective or unique challenges. He likened the task to interpreting opera. Many people don't know what they're talking about. The press can sit in the middle of a highly intense religious situation and just not understand what they're watching. He said, like, what if I'm going to over viable meetings? That's my favorite. They're all jukin' and jivein' and doing stuff. Pukin' and conrere. Madingly, a national religion columnist and senior fellow for journalism at the council for Christian college's universities said studies of uncovered astonishing anger among church coars about an accuracy and immediate coverage of religion. Accordingly, many Christians are seeking out alternative sources of news and not just for information on religious topics either. With the number of Christian television-everse radio stations websites and magazines on the Upswing, they have plenty of choose from. It's like a, it's like a Goi-Shib buffet. The number of religious radio stations grew by 14% of the lies five years from 1769 to over 2000 according to Arbitron and recently, brought by the Barnagrew founded more people to use Christian media than a 10-terch. Tentological advances, they polarized the electorate and the increasing prominence of evangelicals, have spurred the growth in Christian news. In other words, there's the real news and then there's the Christian news. Got it? Right. Melinda Matthews lives in Alan Texas in attendance, Christ Church Episcopal in Plano, Texas. I wonder she's kind of Rick Plano. Switched to realize that the midst of religious and secular sources for news, but Christian radio reports in websites allow her to break down complex issues. It helps me make better decisions at Matthews who does marketing for southern Methodist University, the old SM and you. I appreciate the connections that are made on southern markets, assisted suicide. I appreciate knowing the underlying biblical principles. I just goes on, it's on our website, it's just a scary, scary article of things. It all kind of ties in with that Mississippi that deeps out that this is a burning and the rednecky thing and the trailer trash and bodily Bacley all of the stuff ties together. All of you, please. What do you say? I don't know. Now, unlike President Bush and Topger Publicans, what does it say? I'm still President Bush and Topger Publicans, we are from there, support for the voting rights act. They should stop courting black voters and show and stop showing up in black churches Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean said Sunday, and we had to stir in the site yesterday but I didn't have time. I was too busy with important stuff. Dean speaking in Chicago at a rainbow push coalition conference also labeled the Fox News Channel a propaganda machine and sharply criticized the Republican Party, which he said is yet to support reauthorizing certain provisions of the voting rights act that expire in 2007. I think it's hypocritical for Republicans to pretend to reach out to the African American community unless they say they're going to reauthorize what they gave the African American community political power Dean said in a view. I'd love to have the president say whether he's going to reauthorize the voting rights act. And of course, all of their powers by the right wing as we know is to keep as many dark folks from voting on election day. Absolutely. After barely registering a double decision showing among black voters, nationally and last fall's election, the Republican Party has intensified its efforts to recruit African American supporters. Chairman Ken Melman is engineering the party's most aggressive outreach to black voters frequently speaking in churches and the community groups and an effort to improve the party's performance among minority voters before the 2006 midterm elections in the 2008 presidential race. Dean said Republicans should not pretend to be genuine interest in the Democratic Party's, until the party makes a clear statement on the act. The chairman of the Republican Party, as you know, has made a big deal about attracting African American voters, Dean said the conference attendees and this is a litmus test. If you aren't going to support the extension of the voting rights act, I don't know what right you have to go to a black church and show your face. Even Al Jolson. Dean raised the error of many GOP leaders last week after issuing several sharp Rob comments directed at the Adi Adi Adi. We know that. And the Democrats are a bunch of weenies. We know that too. Dean's reason, Marse du Re, review, advice president and Cheney in an interview to be aired. Was there it? On Fox News, Sandals, Handle the Income yesterday. Cheney called the in over the top and not the kind of individually one have representing your political party. Right. No, we either have a crook like you, Dick. As for a reporter, Sande, we've plotted Cheney's criticism. Dean said, my view is that Fox News is a propaganda outlet of the Republican party, and then I don't comment on Fox News. The response to your applause from the room. Tracy Smith, who doesn't know Schmitt, spoke someone for the Republican National Committee said, Sande, that anger should not be in agenda. Howard Dean could attack the Republican police blew the face. He said, in telephone interview, but we remain committed to growing and expanding the Republican party and keeping all in dark folks at home and all in Jews and Tags, etc. You know what I said? You go how he keeps kicking some ass. How an S-what we need. Not a bunch of whiffs. Not a bunch of waffers like we had last time. I saw we got one after the other. I put a compass forward. I saw a sad. Or another waffle. You see that? And then always happens on the waffles thing. What's that on the powder? It's a waffle thing. Although I do like your good waffle. I have never been in years. I'll do it when it's less. It's less. It's less. Oh, there it is. The Belgian waffles were the nice and crispy on the outside. There was a banana cream waffles that I talked about. They talked about the banana cream waffle. Do you have a bread there? Yeah. Sounds good. Man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's not start with a food again. Although it's very exciting news. The work went on the counter that on Tuesday, June 14. We had a call from somebody who found, Hagen, Os, Banana, Ice Cream, and bananas. Foster, he would ice cream. W2AM. Hello. I'm not only. W2AM. Hi, yeah. We'll talk about great TV shows. I have a Canadian one that I'd like to have a camera on. Trailer Park Boys. Never saw it. Oh, it's terrific. That's right now. Yeah. The running is a very edited version on BBC America. Yeah. Which one would you like to speak? And why don't you go watch channels that on originally? What can they be in channels? And see me? No, it's not on BBC. They're running it on. And it's a show time up there. Right. 11 o'clock on study nights there in their 50s. And it's a cult classic. It really is. It's a short movie project. And they've been running it for five years in toleration. Okay. I'll start. I'll be able to look after those trigger park boys. 560. You've found 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Got a show ID though. Okay. None. None. No TV show. They all suck. How are we so right about that? Look at what I pulled away from the pack. Mm-hmm. That tells you that television just sucks. 60 minutes 49 2446 hike. 204 is moving in the second place. The daily show 45. Deadwood 45. The shield 43. The Simpson's 32. South Park 27. To every 2077. Should pelchow 25. What would have more if you ever come back? CSI 21. Best for housewives 19. That's 70 show 18. Would that the silly a Julio man? One of your little beners. He's not what I'm heard. Ever seen him and beat him right together. Same person. Boy, he just said, well, what is that all about? I can see that. Of course it would be that 70 show the only problem being other than the other than the pants with a bell bottom pants and the sideburns. I never knew anybody like that in the 70s. Did you? No. Well, I'd never less. Maybe they had the Mexican border better secured than. 12 minutes after one and five 60 WQAM. If you haven't called that on my face yet, I can't understand why. Because if you're replacing the lumpy old worn out manfares, there's only one spot way to do it. It's just one easy phone call from sitting right there on your Fed ass. That's right. Call one easy to mentor's right. Now they offer you same data delivery all across our photo, even in Naples and Ford Myers. They offer you a chance to pick the date and time for delivery and any to our window. That's convenient for you. And they offer you the fantastic goods that unbeatable prices you're going to pay a lot more in those showrooms and even a waste of a lot of time and gas slipping all over town. Just make the one easy call to that on my face because they carry a complete line of silly and sort of simmons and king coelsterns and foster and serves and foster human to their everyday low prices and deep stock make your shopping a breeze. When you call 1-800 mattress, you're going to be talking with an expert betting consultant to because they don't sell like all these other good records and CDs and the french fries and burgers all they sell is betting. So they know betting inside and out. I've been using a dollar mattress for years and just about everybody at QM is sleeping like a baby now on a dollar mattress. Call right now, toll free 1-800 mattress or check them out on the web at mattress.com. File a mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. Leave off that last S4 sensational savings. What a come-to-sports! Leave the ass-sore! Spore where you'll buy some food. Spore where you'll buy some food. And hold it tonight on the stubbornly hell. A protein look at sports radio phenomenon. Gelly Goldstein. How do you explain the nickname of Geldon? It's short to Geldon. Oh, you mean? I'm a post-stop. I see. Yeah, I got job. She's very pretty. Geldon is delicate operation. Don't come back! Don't come back! How is it possible for someone who sounds like you? It could actually find work as a radio announcer. I'm totally happy to have a battery when it comes to sports. I know what you do. On the field? No. I mean, you got to admit your voice. I think I got a nice voice. What do I know about? Wishes that don't belong on the radio. Part of a week long series. We're giving tonight only. On the list of videos. I found 3D and Gd and Gd. Gd. One, 18, a few times speaking. Okay. More Howard David. Two, two, two, two. And then the Mad Dog and then the Marlon Stuff. And I mean, Curtis in between is 7. The only Curtis out went in down 7 to 7. 30. He's to fill in. You ever been at the... What's that ride? World's mission? No. Mission's face ride. No, I've never ridden it night. It's just he wrote. There was an incident there. Yeah. You saw the story? I did. Four year old boy died after passing out of board. Walt Disney World's mission space. That it has motion sickness bags. And civil writers have been treated for chest pain. And that great? Yeah. Get away. Doudie? Bumble, why name? Bumble? Something. Passed out money if new and on the attraction with Simulayetay rocket launch and trip to Mars. The orange county sheriff's office said his mother carried him off the ride and employees helped her place amount of bench. Pyramidics and the theme park were trying to revive him, but he died at celebration hospital. What a name for a hospital where people die. Celebration hospital. What kind of crap is that? The sheriff's office said the boy met the minimum 44 inch height requirement for the ride at the up top theme park, which uses the San Fierco force to simulate twice the normal force of gravity. An autopsy's expected they determined a cause of boys death. Officials said the boy from cellarsville, PA was on the ride with his mother Agnes and a sister. During the ride, the mother noticed that Doudie's body was rigid and his legs were stretched straight out. She told detectives that she thought he was frightened so she took his hand. When the ride ended, the victim was limp and unresponsive and is seated when she was sheriff report. A hundred-minute dollar ride, a world that Disney World's most popular, was closed after the death, but was reopened today after company engineers concluded it was operating normally. In 2003, Disney began placing motion sickness bags inside the ride. During an eight month period in 2003 and four six people over the age of 55 were taking the hospital for treatment at Chespe and nausea after riding mission space. Though none of them was found to have any serious problem. They were just like, they're noises, you know? At that time, it was the most hospital visits for a single ride since Florida's major theme parks agreed in 2001 to report such problem today. The private medical culture and consumer services updated figures were not immediately available. One other death was reported in Disney World this year. A 77-year-old woman who was in four health from diabetes and several many strokes died in February after going on the Paris to the Caribbean ride, it made you kingdom. She was probably hoping to meet Johnny Depp. A medical examiner's report said that that was not unexpected. What does that mean? Where death was not unexpected. She was just hanging on every day was a surprise to her. The part to the Caribbean ride is not really a ride. You know what I mean? It doesn't spin you. It doesn't do anything you just sit there and go through and you just go through it. You go on a very slow move on. You see robots. Yeah. Well, if you're 77, you have diabetes a lot of many strokes. Probably not a good idea to go on it. Signs were intended about the intensity of mission space ride. For safety, you should be in good health, be from high blood pressure, hard fact, connect, promise, motion sickness, and rather conditions that can be aggravated by this adventure. One sign on a view last year said, signs also were important women not to go on the ride because one's in a while, and baby pops right out. I didn't like that. Well, there's all a sad story from Disney World. I'll teach people if you go to them. I'm a amusement park. There you go. Speaking of abuse, the number of people living with HIV in the U.S. has passed a millionly high margins the worst days of the epidemic in the 80s. It was a reflection of people living longer with powerful drugs, but also the failure to cut the chronic 40,000 cases you're new in fashion rate. While treatment advances have been obvious, Godson, those living with the disease. It presents new challenges for prevention. Richard O. Valdez Cere, co-chair of the 2005 National HIV Prevention Conference, so diligence in at Laby yesterday. Also with the conference, a just completed survey of men who have sex with men, MSM, men who have sex with men. In five U.S. went to a partner, he's including the Miami area, found that black men in this category were more than twice as likely to be infectable HIV as other such men and much less likely to be aware of it. That's a bad combination. In other words, more than twice as likely to be infected and much less likely to be aware of it. What? The survey in HIV testing of 17 and with 67 men done at Gay bars, books, or as in street courts, found that 46% of black MSM were HIV positive compared to 21% of white non-Hispanics and 17% of Hispanics. And among those infected, 67% of blacks 48% of Hispanics and 18% of white non-Hispanics were unaware of it. The survey said, I'm diagnosed HIV, continues to play significant role in transmittal in this population, said, Valdez Cere, in addition to the Miami area, the survey focus on ballmur, Los Angeles, New York, and San Francisco, cities with high numbers of HIV cases, results from the individual cities will release later this year. Miami's right in there, so went and down before you grabbed on something like, check it out. Okay. Why? Right. Canadian convicted of US bomb plot. This story to me, it just goes to show you what's going on. So we're always talking about all like an indeneasier, somebody like with found with the pin joint, they get 40 years in jail or they get their head chopped off, and they were caught Jay walking in the 25 years in this slamer. You know, about 18th world countries that are just heavy-diculous laws. Well, that's the way the rest of the world's looking to the US, and especially, this is from the Toronto Star today. A Canadian, this is Dorosound PA. Don't go there, Dorosound PA. Okay. A Canadian teenager painted by US authorities as an angry boy who hates Americans was found guilty yesterday of two charges involving a threat of law of his school. Travis Bens case is an ignited fierce debate in this affluent area near Philadelphia about how much risky really posed, and if he was treated fairly in an emotional climate following the Columbine School Mass for a day 9-11 attacks. Well, we have as a juvenile's bizarre behavior, reporting a bomb threat in the bathroom and laughing about it, said Judge Kenneth Bean, who's not related to the 17 year old. He possessed a lot of material in his house, which was capable of some point of manufacturing and incendiary device under the law, one doesn't have to have one. The youth originally from Newfoundland was led out of court in handcuffs and legions, past stun supporters and his stricken parents. I think everyone who was in a court more shocked considering the evidence is mother and that said the telephone and the grant for the verdict. Travis is devastated and shocked that we just have to continue in his best interest. The team remain incarcerated, attention facility for up to 20 days while the judge arranges for psychological evaluations and background checks to have a big impact on his sentencing. What makes Travis Bean tick? I don't know the answer that said the judge, I don't know this young man. Bean faces penalties ranging from community service and mental health treatment to detention until he's 21 years old for uttering a terrorist threat and possessing incendiary material. He's a pretty dangerous kid, the A.D.M. given said outside court. He's obviously an unhappy kid, and he's obviously an angry kid. What made him angry enough to do this? I don't know. Givens who noted days ago that Bean wore an IM Canadian t-shirt to his first court appearance, if you'd just speculate on his motive. Well, that's your make some dangerous doesn't I and Canadian. That's a, uh, a commercial. Uh, fry that. But she repeated assertions that we certainly heard he's not happy being in America. They's man anti-American statements. Some people characterize it as a joke. Some people don't defend who you talk to. Oh, you can't make any American statements especially in America. Hey, whether that has anything to do with this, I don't know. He could just be unhappy. A lot of people are unhappy. She said there was no evidence. She said they've been voted in school or had a problem with specific people. The fancelerial Bill Goldman said outside court he was dumbfounded by the verdict, considering the lack of direct evidence. Once their bomb expert testified, I thought their case imploded Goldman said adding the family's considering several options including an appeal. It's almost like somebody said it's true. So it must be true to me that judge just acted like a district attorney. Bean's father, Brad, who moved his family to the affluent area in your Philadelphia, 1997, to work at pharmaceutical giant Merck, took to stand to say that he knew about the materials that sent an order over the internet and kept in his bedroom. They received by police research, though, only before Bean's arrest, do number two, his father said his son wanted magnesium through my for science experiments, but they ended up using it to try to burn a stump out of the backyard to make way for a fish pond. That sounds pretty dangerous to me. And several kilograms of potassium nitrate, which were in a crawl space in Bean's closet, or intended to make smoke-liters or smoke bombs that were set off in a backyard and they controlled in fire. Goldman argued there was no direct proof that Bean wrote the bomb threat on the bathroom wall, no evidence of intent, and that ignition test by a spritz showed that none of the materials he possessed actually burned. The proof doesn't match the allegations he said, suspicion is not enough. But Robert James assistant VA said someone doesn't order 24 pounds of potassium nitrate to make smoke bombs, and pointed testimony that Bean told a schoolmate he made he used it to blow things up. James said he didn't know whether to be any effort to deport Bean, who was in trouble in 2001, for selling a homemade napoms, substance to give the school, and shooting paintballs, it pairs earlier this year, fry his ass, tell it to you. Others said Bean was the unwitting victim of a zero tolerance policy in schools after the column by in tragedy, and court and teachers they testified that Bean told her on May 26 that someone had written a bomb threat in a boys bathroom, although the prosecution contingent it was the next day. It's just the American hysterical way. Just go to the USA. That's my best suggestion on you can ask out there. Stay the hell away from the USA. If you're smart, otherwise March is not ever come back or just get out. 27 after one a QAM. Speaking of the USA, I are asked the internal revenue service. IRS problems are better way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally. They destroy you. You can never really forget about them. You wake up easy every morning in a cold sweat. CPHME buckled in the buckled tags from a hub and your IRS problems forever giving you back some peace of mind, which is why other top CPN law firms are further clients to the buckled tags from when they have problems with the anxious, and the discussion that is a thick of IRS. One out of all potential criminal prosecution, get it on file tax returns prepared even if you lost your records. Now maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage's livi, maybe you will pay roll tax in penalties, maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you will. Me and need time to pay. Whenever you're a dilemma, the buckled tags from will help you out and get that IRS monkey off your back. They offer you free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately from our harassment of not sooner. And best of all, you need to have to meet with the IRS because the buckled tags from handles all meetings and discussions you don't have to go at all. It's me choked up just thinking about it. Call 9-5-4-575-2800, whether you attend grand a million raising a between IRS taxes, the buckled tags from will help you out. Call today for your free no obligation consultation, 9-5-4-575-2800, or on the wicked way, it's IRS-freedom.com. When it comes to interest in this, please let the same thing happen. Make it, first and now, I am a watcher, so go to your door door to the office. I'll support you in your five-sand seat. QAM. My name is Tom. You're fair, at five-sand-so, W-U-A. Oh, right. I'm a watcher, so go to your room. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help you out. I'll help the soldier out. I'll help him out. The soldier's beating me up. That's hard to tell He's quiet. If you and me get a flashlight, is your classifying profile? Fight your heels, but don't sure. Isn't that bad? Legal, if you're a flowing match. You're a quiet friend, so you can go to the party and use your<|ko|>. You can carry right now. with as I came to read this on a so-called tongue-fated system as it has been charged with setting a storage shed outside of church on fire police city yesterday. Who would like that? Well, our fireman, I do. I lost the room. Great Chicago fires. Charged with setting a storage shed outside of church on fire. Obviously, he's in the fire. David Cowen 41 faces one count of our since allegedly starting the fire on St. Benedict Church property on the city's north side, police spokeswoman Joanne Taylor said, Cowen a former suburban firefighter was arrested Thursday. Our is after witnesses saw him fleeing the scene of the fire. No one was heard damage was minimal Taylor said, Cowen is being held on a hundred grand bail. Police haven't just closed the possible motive, though Taylor said, Cowen recently had been fired from the church and had marital problems. But you know what they say? Fire starts fire. Now, what they say? Is it? I don't know, something like that. Maybe the fire started with their rosary name, Joanne. Joanne Barber. Joanne Barber, more, which was like a little oil. But was no public telephone listing for David Cowen and Chicago area. I spoke to him for the Cook County jail in Chicago, police said they didn't have any of the counts of attorney. Cowen co-authored a book about a 1958 blaze at a church school that killed more than 90 children. Only the one who wanted to write a book about his own exploits. But you know, I refold. He's a fire kind of guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the horizon, singular, wireless lines. How many QAM? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, I just want to tell you you can still eat ice cream. I can. What? You can still eat ice cream. No chance. Have you tried the carboxy? Oh, man. Do you know what the number one ingredient is in that stuff? What? Sorbetol. Oh, never mind. Exactly. Oh, I just want to help you out. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. I'm just trying to help you to really grave. Sorbetol, baby. I mean, if you don't have the irritable bowel, if you don't have like a smash to somebody like the best food. No, right ahead. Go right ahead. Although even so, it's still bad for you because those, those, no carb ice games, man. They're just loaded with crap all of a man. Oh, God. And that crap is the operative word. I don't. I don't. Especially lately with this irritant and just get no more all this irritable bowel crap. Wow, that would be the last thing. I would. And you know something, I don't miss ice cream. I don't need it. So I Dr. Adkins said, restaurant, peace and spread of all the garbage they threw in his direction. And that is the after three, four days. And it's like it's like any other drug. Right. Any other addictive substance. Once you get three, four days, you go through the withdrawal. Your body doesn't crave it anymore. But when you start eating it, then all of a sudden that stimulates the appetite for it. And you want to eat like 50 times as much. So like just one, just one score ice cream cone would probably need to get 10 of them. So how do you like that? Don't. I'm not going to. I'm not going to get any of them because at the moment I can walk right by the case there. The ice cream case has got 85,000 of those and all kinds of other good stuff in there. And Hagen has been in and out and been in Jerry's. I'm not interested. I don't want it to the moment. Right. For you are just a piece of turd, you know. Just got through giving him that nice flavor way where I spent a hundred bucks to give him a nice thing there to so he can stick his finger with a window and shine. He can stick his George Forman and lean me in grill and machine right in between is where he can stick it. Between what? The closet door and a closet. Put it away in a cupboard like we put a lot of stuff away and then we place it with a nice flavor. We have a closet. And I say that once you use it, you'll say, you know something that will fag is right. This thing is great. It is great. So you'll see you can be dude to track all you want. I don't want the ice cream. I'm interested. The phone rang early. I wouldn't be surprised if it's my almost hause day. I arrived here this morning and go right down there. Right at the stroke of two o'clock and as soon as the whole year and go down there have my lunch. But you're right on up here and pop a right knee or a flavor wave. Nice, we have a nice steak. Right from frozen. Right from frozen man. It is just a beautiful thing. Five six seven. I'm not selling. I'm probably out of like either spokesman, you know what? I'm a Ron Popeel but never allowed. Is it the curty you do with the bokeh burgers? Yeah, that's right. I'm not one of those people that has to make a quick buck on. Everything I've pedal to the public all though. Here's line nine. It's not there. That's probably just as well. And line nine is just a real pain in my life. W to Q a M. Hello Q a M. Come with me. I'm a d. I wasn't bad. Can I down to it? W to Q a M. Hello. That's Gilbert. What do you say? Hitler. That's Gilbert. That's his new line. Well, Lisa's better than the old one. We don't have to dump it. What a lunatic. Go get yourself some metal help. Okay. What are you trying to tell us? I have no. We know that. W Q a M. Hello. Hey, which rifle wave machine do you have? The flavor wave deluxe. The manufacturer. Same. Which one? Same. T. H. A. N. E. F. Thanks. And uh, New York water comes from the Hudson Valley reservoir. Nothing the Hudson River. Well, whatever. I mean it's coming from somewhere. Can we Hudson? Yeah. It's coming up to the reservoir. And uh, that's all going on. Thank you. Okay. Same T. H. A. N. E. Thane direct. You can buy it online from them or like 80 million other people. In fact, if you buy it from other people, it's cheaper. Like the ones I got you. Yeah. Josh was very upset. You were on vacation. It was very irritated. It would affect his 132 bucks. If you buy it. Uh, from Thane direct, right? Because they threw in some other kind of Chasque that you put in a cover and will ever use again. We were some miracle called Pottersum Crap. And even buy it online from a Zillion different websites for 99 bucks each. Well, that's why I thought. I thought, huh? That applies to a lot of products. I found one ordering electronics. I find it cheaper from somewhere other than the manufacturer. That is correct. So if you want to call the tool free number you see on TV, go ahead. But the smart thing is if you see a really neat product on TV, like go online and check it out when it does. And you may find it going to get exact same product. Not sure less. Because wherever else you get it, they don't have to spend all the money for the time for those Info commercials. Just order it and forget it. I mean, don't forget it. In fact, I'm thinking right now during this break, I'm going to go check my full message and make sure it was those stakes that arrived. And that's just something like the Book of Rhymes. It's not that we wanted to downplay the Book of Rhymes. You know, but if you had a choice between getting a nice package of Omaha's stakes or one of those CDs from Book of Rhymes. You know what I'm saying? Well, I'd have to hear it to see it. Oh. What about this one for what it's worth? Book of Rhymes did this? I don't think so. What kind of sweet potato is it? It's real about your skill like mine. Which video by small? All in great here. I'd like to see her stand so weak, but getting much more food to eat. Keep her sweet, take your ride. Who wears that voice, let's be true. She hasn't said it yet, leave it to us. Remember how they bounce and fall. And they don't have it all. Not at all. Like I said, it was a big association. The project has been a great deal. Now I'm complaining. The Dutch show is leaving the crowd alone. No more expansion. Four days of heat all the way. You know what's on? Nobody called it in a suggested or fast and growing up. Got it for the poll. That's good news. Hey. That's a good sign. Nobody called it in a suggested. Nick and Jessica. Or the nextly Simpson show. Or the Britney Spears chaotic. Or Britney and Kevin Feeder. Yeah. Feeder. Feeder. One. Cheater. A growing number of senior American military officers in Iraq have concluded that there is no long to a military solution to an insurgency that's killed thousands of Iraqis and more than 1300 US troops in the past two years. Instead officers say the only way to win the guerrilla war is to Iraqi politics. And a wing of that so far has been crippled by divisions between Shiites and Sunnis. That's said it was so on. I think the more accurate way to approach this right now is to see that this insurgency is not going to be settled. The terrorist and the terrorism in Iraq is not going to be settled through military options or military operations. Brigadier General Donald Austin, the Chief U.S. military spokesman in Iraq said last week. And a comment that echoes what others you knew officers say. It's going to be settled in the political process he be saying. Look at that. New York City chopper crashed near Wall Street area of Manhattan. The rotation in the water and the helicopter now sits upside down in the east river there. So is it possible that there was a safe landing and then it was upset by the rough seas in the year. No, we don't know. But we've been a looped about. General George W. Casey, the top U.S. commander in Iraq expressed similar sentiments. Called in the military efforts. The Pillsbury do boy idea, pressing the insurgency in one area, only causing it to rise elsewhere. How do you like that? Yeah. So tell us very do boy. We're basically given a put the gun. Yeah. Like in Baghdad, Casey said to reinterview with two newspaper reporters including one from night ridder last week. We push in Baghdad. They're down to about less than a car bomb a day in Baghdad over the last week. But in North Center Iraq, they've gone up. The political process will be the decisive element he be saying. The recognition that a military solution is done on the offing is led US and Iraqi officials to signal that they're willing to negotiate with insurgency groups or their intermediaries. It is evolving the course of normal business to the senior U.S. diplomatic official in Baghdad, who spoke of course on the condition of anonymity because of US policy to deferred the Iraqi government on Iraqi political matters. This message is markedly different from previous statements by U.S. officials who spoke of clashing the insurgency by rounding up or killing dead enders loyal to former dictator Saddam Hussein. As recently as two weeks ago, and in Memorial Day and everyone CNN's liver king live, Vice President Tigni said he believed the insurgency was in his last row. Another pack of lies, but the violence is continued unabated even though 44 of the 55 Iraqis portrayed in the military's famous deck of cars have been killed or captured including Saddam. Lieutenant Colonel Frederick P. Wellman, who works for the task force overseeing the training of Iraqi security troops at the insurgency, doesn't simply be running out of new recruits aid on IMIC fueled by tribal members seeking revenge for relatives killed and fighting. We can't kill them all, wellman said when I killed one, I create three. Last month was one of the deadliest since President Bush declared the end of major combat operations in May 2003. At least 26 troops have been killed by insurgency so far in June bringing to the 1311 of the number of soldiers killed by hostile action. Another 391 of that is the result of vaccines of illness. The Iraqi Interior Minister said last week the insurgency is killed 12,000 Iraqi during the past few years didn't say how he arrived at the figure. He just made it up. It's a lot more than that. So for everyone, other people say it's over 100,000 altogether. But nevertheless, we're doing our best to bring democracy. Now what's the story with this helicopter with his chopper? I do not stand in the east river in New York or ATAN helicopter and we are trying to respond as quickly as possible to help ensure that people are safe. Tell us what kind of response you have ordered there. We have several different boats of varying. Oh, it's Skymiles of Ryan. Stick to our cattlewalker, which is. So what kind of boat is that? You're fair. What are you just saying? It's like that. The Senate yesterday. This is just all man. Makes you want to gag. It's 2005, okay? And the Senate yesterday, formerly apologized for having rejected decades of pleas to make glinching a federal crime as scores of victims of Senate's watch from the chamber's gallery. On a voice bullet without opposition, the Senate passed away as the election expressing his regrets to the relatives as well as to denierly 5,000 Americans, mostly black males, who were documented as having been lynched from 1880 to 1960. These deaths occurred without trials. Mostly in the South, of course, off and with the knowledge of local officials who allowed mob lynching to become picture-taking public spectacles. During this period, nearly 200 anti-linching bills were introduced in Congress, three of which passed the House of Representatives, but despite the supported legislation by seven U.S. presidents, the measures died in the Senate with much of the opposition coming from southern lawmakers who raised procedural roadblocks. These are laws against lynching. Are you following that? Yeah. You must have been such a legislation that would have made lynching a federal crime allowed U.S. government to prosecute those responsible, including local law enforcement officers. Then, Duster, a descendant of either B. Wells from our slave who became an anti-linching crusader, praised senators who publicly backed up as a list of apology, and scored those who did not. No man lawmaker openly opposed the measure, but 20 of the hundred senators who had not signed the statement of support of it, surely before the vote was taken on nearly empty seven floor. It doesn't mention the 20. I'd sure like to have the list. I'd sure like to know where they're from. I think it's politics. They're afraid to losing votes from the people of prejudice, thus to set of those who did not sign the statement of support. The resolution was first proposed last year by senators, Mary Landr, Louisiana Democrat, and George Allen, Virginia Republican, after they read the book, without sanctuary, lynching photography and America, a pictorial history by James Allen. The more I learned about this terrorism in America, the more committed I became doing something positive and passing this laser, our resolution nine, who said, the Senate failed these Americans, said Allen, if we truly want to move forward, we must admit that fate had returned from it. The resolution expresses apologies, I don't know, the victims of lynching, but also their dissemies nearly 200 of whom came to cap of the capital, but witnessed passage of the measure. Also, there was James Cameron 91, believe to be the only non-linching survivor, Cameron was arrested in August 1930, but third man. Mary and Indiana, where he was taken a year along with Hoover's friends for the murder of a white man and suspected rape of a white woman. A mob broke into the jail and pulled the three out. Cameron's two friends were hanged and a noose was placed around Cameron's neck and a 16 year old shoe shine boy, but as the noose was tightened, a voice reportedly shot out that Cameron was guilty of no crime. It was returned to was celebrated convicted of being of a cesseried the white man's death. It was pardoned in 1933 by then Governor Evan Bye, now a Democratic U.S. senator from Indiana. 1990, sweetheart. I say, 33, 93. I mean, like that lynchings. Well, we want to apologize here to say we're thinking about it. We're not too sure if we want to face it. And of course, those who oppose it in these other girls that were, they did it on the grounds of what was in French, but on states rights. Right. States rights to allow lynchings. That sounds like a great American tradition to meet on it. You might want your business up north, but man, what a red neckie country you live in. This is a little number. I wrote the other day. We'll not duck hunting with a judge. Right. You very much the MCC. Thank you very much for finding me. 5,000 bucks of food. I'm so I'm really out of luck. As all the high-it-it lies was joined to me. So, thank you very much. The MCC, uproving that free speech doesn't free. The clear channels of the dear channel. So, how it's done must go. A certain general has dropped us in large strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs were rushedly low. So, thank you all so very, very much. So, you very much gave me the book. Or you're rowically sitting on your toes. For Halleberton and Ron all the companies have failed. Let's send them a clear signal. A sick Martha straight in jail. She's an uppity rich, hern't she? She isn't. So, thank you all so very much. That's a good name. So, you think we must change me too. You and everything you do. Your pace may come as be a faith. You haven't gone along. As far as I'm concerned, your dear stepage defaced all past. And as for conundled these a season into like two cars. So, you're also very much. Yes. So, you very much gave me the for giving all the masques all the way. It really is a bummer. When I come to my bummer, the ozone zone goes out now that Arnold's here to say, the new car is a game. I'm going to take place in LA. So, you also very much. So, what the planet fails? Let's see, the great white males. You also very much. Exactly. Okay, 159. I'm coming up next. What one TV showed that they do never miss none. One 32. They all stock 132. So, another not good. 24 has got 59. Well, I must be pretty good. We got a. Yeah. 60 minutes 54. Daily show 51. She'll 51 deadwood 48. South Park 34. Since the retranship. She'll show. Not 30 men. Oh, jeopardy. Not 30 men. The frantic of frantic 25. CSI 24 desperate housewives 23. That's 70 shows 21. How sad? George Julie 17. Smallville 17. Law and order 15. Battle Stark elected 13. That family guy. That's what whatever it is. The family guy I love and everybody else like single the guy. Bye. Bye.