But Neo Rogers is getting ready to come on and get ready to see her over with my own private amusement. Yes You had a couple of ads some stiff competition this morning I did yeah, defa was a Philan today in tomorrow for Joe Rose. Oh my gosh. I heard the corn is all the way up to his armpits That's the fiery poor we had oh Joe was out and To sum it up in a word it was on The illegal and a reason can mold and tiptoes around in that building is because he knows where he works He's there long enough to know to tread very carefully in in the hallways no matter where he goes Ken wise man Ken knows this business extremely well as you know well He used to be like most of us. He used to be in the business. That's right. How are we now? We're probably outside looking pin So what you have competition now you got booge. Yeah, the booster well He doesn't have a play by play like I've always said and Chris keep in mind He's already done this time slot on this station Yeah, I couldn't complain about those numbers because they didn't have any he had a point I'll open what did he do these numbers which time period he thought about? He was on with your close personal friend Joseph Gaki and Chris Moore They were like alternating mid days before I came to the station See you try to put that out of your mind. I don't even remember that that's before you You put it out of your mind. I was successful doing that before you had a lead in right Yeah, well, I'm just plugging along here doing the best I can despite all the competition and Wish the foe well He's gonna be on it nice. I went up against the foe for a long time We're busy it's a wonderful wild dreams When I was on over here when I came on over here He was on opposite me for a while. Well, they had Randy and What time are you talking about didn't the I just to be on at night when I first came here and When at night some QAM Well first I took You know my memory is getting yeah fuzzy at this. I came over here. I replaced John Wayne and and when I went he was on early evening when he's when I first started I took that spot and then I moved into the afternoon So I briefly completed with people Some other producer vibed at the first time. Yeah, he's not gonna be on this time. He's gonna be on seven and ten at night Yeah, I know starting when just going in for Joe. Yeah, we don't have their own number by the way Joe is a form of a bull guy There's a good guy. Yes, very much so and you know I keep seeing all these people leaving or slipping through the cracks And it's very disturbing is it yes? Well see the one good thing about you YouTube being this looks to the cracks I'm at no I think I'll go have some breakfast. Yeah, go have a couple of meals and they don't lose too much You know what you keep saying that I have not It's just in joke. I know that I'm just I just want you to know this. Okay, sensitive or one. This is you and me talking now. I am not gonna do that Not gonna do one go to the track any afternoon. Oh I do as long as golf streams open now. I'd rather is open Wednesday Friday and Sundays my three would bind days Wednesday Friday And try Wednesday and Friday a two o'clock if you come here minute after two I'm already out the door I like would buy and I covered up ready to put on here. Yeah, I know that I in fact I say it there for that year. That's right It's right through on the same plane right. That's a beautiful Race track and every facility and I don't know if you ever saw the casino there see it with that You're gonna see no because they don't have any table game Yeah, casino wasn't there one night was up there that year they have only slots with the row and now they're open 24 or seven And the rumors that's in about a year They're gonna have full casino like Niagara Falls all night, you know, crats and all the other stuff Are you in trouble with that? You're not a big table game guy, right? No, I don't play that at all. Yeah. I'm a slots guy You know, I'm a sucker for the slots. There's Josh court. This looks like I'm a moron Josh quarters is a big guy with uh, he's a blackjack guy. Yeah, now he acts like my slaps him into Bahamas He says slots is strictly for all ladies and others. Yeah, I asked him to tell you about the time that he was a stoie And the Bahamas I want to borrow our trips over there. We couldn't find them He was somewhere in some casino and the plane left without them Well, I think bus he's making on this show now he can afford to go and plenty's got some You guys have a good day, okay? You too don't lose too much. I'm gonna have a nice day You're in paradise in Paradise, so he'd say hi to my a weelist friend Oh, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't come to let us hear it out a little bit See you hang what is this I threw it out Did you I am going I can't say you what I did with mine I had some doing rectum. Yeah You and the several are not several on the season and you and Randy Moss me and Randy Moss, but you're like to sleep clean. That's it. Yep I can in this curse Oh Okay, when they are we're getting tired of you You they are you should be true That's good You You I have no rush You In the limit of the repetition. It's just that never ends of the trial Open yesterday in the 3 million are plus lawsuit by 13 people who said they were injured or traumatized when federal agencies they screaming alienate Dolganzala's from his mommy relative's home. You know they mommy relative? That's the ones. What are how a merit-screasy ass is doing? Then she get married to some like 12 year old kid? I don't know. We were the opening of a new part in the opening witness was neighbor Maria Riera who testified that she clutched her chest and thought she was dying when an agent doused her with tear gas during the April 22nd, 2008 to be a 9th of 6 year old boy with his father and Cuba. The 13 neighbors and protesters are seeking up to 250 grand of peace claiming that agents used excessive force during the armed raid. I was stopped by a gentleman on my left approaching me with a shotgun said Riera who lived across the street from the home where the boy had lived short since shortly after being rescued from a shipwreck. I'm Thanksgiving Day 1999. She said a black guard agent wearing a mask or to her to stand back where he would shoot any word of profanity or he would shoot. She said she complied by the second agent of personal the gas gun and she stood in a driveway left her in a great cloud of tear gas. I'd love to see that. A total of 108 people sued over the raid but US District Judge came Michael Moore limited the case of people who were not on the Gonzalez family property and were beyond police burrcaids. Ali on now 11. I bet you the umbrellas are really impressed now. Ali on now 11 was one of three survivors of a shipwreck that killed his mother the way took place after the family refused to return to boys so he could be taken back to Cuba Cuba because he's missing a traffic mail. In Cuba it was Cuba. Today but that's to register never dies. And the reason I'll say it again he's going to live a hell a lot longer being over there because he's not eating McDonald's everything is not getting that happy meal. By the way, that's a bill cut the crap we got it stopped that same. What is he faction? Is that bill on for Lauderdale? It's just some guy. It's a different bill. All of his bill on for Lauderdale he's been he's been on his good behavior. His facts are some good crap. The pages of crap that I request we can't even discuss. We can't even discuss. Well like one, give me a clue about he wants a bit that doesn't exist. I see. Oh brother, hey Bill, can it? Okay. Here's the poor result from yesterday who best fits this description. And look what it says on it and realize it little lot of typo there by Eric who best fist this description. Not fits but fist. But that's the bill. That's the bit that Bill wanted to hear. That's fist and bit. I think we can even say that. Sorry, Joyce. That **** didn't fit. Someone became more popular after death is what we're looking for. And Jesus Christ 564 votes are ain't nobody close to Jesus. Well God. Can you blame him? You probably don't smell too bad. Good after all those experiences. You don't express it on that bloody stuff up on the cross that Mel Gibson was making up. I mean portraying it is as it was. Well the movie priest was on last night. It would kind of get. Yeah. Jesus Christ 564. Elvis 98. You see not even anybody close I mean. Wow Jesus is in a class by himself. Elvis 98 Nicole Simpson 85 James D 85. Two pack at 57. How's he doing? Seline 53. Pat Tillman 46. Kurt Cobain 37. JFK 34. Bruce Lee 32. Jim Morrison had. Maryland Monroe 29 and Frank 28 Martin Luther King Jr. 28 Bob Marley 26. Francis Diana was tied with Vincent Vango 24 piece. Vango by the way for your future references towards VA and capital GOGH as in Dutch Vango. Vincent Vango you got it Josh. Yeah wrote it down. For next time. Van Gogh not Vango. In fact that sounds like well. Yeah. I know. Well, I was. William Shakespeare 21 he was shaking it. See it. Cruze 18 Jimmy Hendrix 16 Jim Crowche 15. Most grandma's 15 and the three studios 15. See a lot of crossover there between those three. Jim Crowche most grandma's and three studios right. Patty climb 14. She's likes to walk after midnight. Patty climb. She's crazy. All her songs were more than depressing the way now she's dead. She's been dead a long time. What's he died from? Out of the old in my dual glit. Patty climb. She died a lot of time ago. Reverend Jim Jones. Reverend Jones had nine votes. Which is pretty impressive. Buddy Holly Heddy. How could Buddy Holly only have a vote? That shows you how limited the audience. How do I mind? Buddy Holly became so much more popular after they even made a movie about him with a Gary Pooce of Boosey. To Pernicus Heddy, George R. Well, five John Lennon had five. Ali F. Frankie Lyman had five. David Koresh for Jerry Garcia for Bobby Darren for he still's pushing splashing it. John Holmes had four. He's not splashing too much and no more. After it's got finally won up for three Freddie Mercury had a pair at Erin's early semi way had one. That was that deal. A lot of almost 1500 votes yesterday. He's pulled onto the best. We have a shocking document here. I happen to have a copy of my hands. I can't tell you where I obtained it from. The Beesley Broadcast group employee feedback survey. That's what Hank was this. Stanley, three, Schmitt candid. He tossed it. I mean, this is a joke. And of course, the timing of it is so appropriate. And at the time when the entire, I can't speak to the rest of their company because I don't really care about it because we only work for this radio station. But this station is in such a state of turmoil that it's almost indescribable. And so I guess their solution to the problems that they're having is to try to put a survey out. And of course, they don't give any of us. I'm not an employee. So I wouldn't get one anyway. But George didn't get one. Josh Kortiston yet. One is if you're probably optioned so you can get mine to gamble with. See, never let out of us that you were a compulsive gambler. They were still way to get into a casino. I'm totally the farthest thing from compulsive gamblers when I'm here. And that's why we're so upset that the Patriots kept the seat is ask you today. Well, there's money or some part of anybody at Petson football games. I don't want to like pee on Hank's parade, man. But people have been on ball games and stuff like that. And even look at him. He's like, you know, one of the big shot handy cameras. And his record is like a marginal of best, right? Yeah, for football. And he bets everything. And I didn't ask you to pick on Hank for being a compulsive. By the way, Hank, don't lose to lunch today. He's nice to plunge in what's wrong with that. It's his money. You don't have to answer to anybody. That's why I look at it. I mean, this business like people try to say, if you have money that you're gambling, that you can't afford to gamble, then you got a serious problem, Josh. Why? Why not you get to afford to be gambling? I don't like you. That's got a little beat up TV set that's still waiting for a gift from George. And I got news also more news for George couldn't afford it. You can't afford to buy himself a TV. So much as far as I want you for you. Yeah, he could buy like one of those little old nine inch black and white jobs. Did the bees that well, I'll be do the break because once we get, I don't want to spend a lot of time on this thing. But when I read the questions, he'll find it most of the news. He'll chuck a longer phrase that you're doing for me. I'll tell you that. Six more dead soldiers in Iraq and I can't even find a story on it because now they're not even counting anymore. I'm talking about US soldiers. Can't even find it anymore. Yeah, the barbed box are mentioned at this morning. Right. Well, you know what, she's one of those county pinko from the left coast. I say barber boxer for president. Oh, oh, back, barama. Oh, repeat. What a ticket that would be. Wow, kick some serious. All those liberals. Yeah, through our timely rough liberals back to save us from this right wing crap from this fascism. It's destroying our freedom of speech and everything else, man. I sound like sufficiently worked up a lot. No, nobody cares anymore because the elections are when I was going on a more crap like hey, here's Johnny. He's still dead. I'm not doing anymore, Johnny. No for that. I didn't like him that much anyway. He was an icon. He was legendary. He was there for a long time. I'm turning man. But I am still not buying it. He just didn't do anything for me. I don't think he was that funny. Ten 13, but he was a good guy. Lee stuffy. He reminded his own business and he was kind of reclusive and he's kept himself and the people liked him. See, that's good. That's the best said important if somebody's entertaining that they have to be a good guy. But at least at the other some points for him. Right. Everybody speaks very well, 10 13 if I was 16, but he couldn't. They don't speak too highly of Mo and that's because you got that big ugly ball spot. It's called his head. It's like Boko Brian a lot of other people. I know and of course me too. I got a big ugly ball spot. Never thought I could do much for me to go to Chuck Alphay or because in my case, you know, it's a well-make a difference. But a lot of you guys cases, it will make a difference because that big ugly ball spot makes you look horrendous and a lot older too. Charlie's been making guys look their best rovers 30 count. I'm not 30 man years. You wouldn't even recognize Charlie's work when you see it because it looks so natural. It's the best most natural system in the world. It's called, well, what is it called? It's the new skin-like hair system as what it is. And it's a hundred percent un-detective. That's how natural it looks. The hair looks like it's grown right out of your scalp. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You have nothing to lose, but they're big shiny spot because you try his system for a month for about 30 days. And after a month of year, all of the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting more action, then you can even possibly handle returning it for a full refund. What's not to like? Make the call today 1-800-3212413. Tell Charlie that they heard about it here on the new Roger Showgate. Your special QAM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. This is as close as it gets to like real hair as opposed to a mouse you look at Muscrab. You won't believe how great in my how much younger you look after. Charlie does it for you. Call them today toll-free 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked rabbits Charles Alphiari.com. Or in 5-6-10-10-10-10. They're very difficult with me this morning. Shot and down and down and down and safely, to get with aunt 15, I keep smoking and when she passes, she flips her assingles. When she smokes she's like a genius that shoots a cloth and smells so nasty that when she passes she passes gas and goes. Oh Now can we have a conference on that? I don't know. It was like let's assemble. Huh? That wasn't a fart that we did. Yeah, like that. I don't know where she was in very right. She would keep them up gladly. Because with our 17 minute delay we still would have time to dump her but I don't mind. Oh no, you go. I'm going with no water. No, I'm George. No. Oh Mom So smoking Prove that she's the way she's going Yes, she would give them a gladly But it's the way she has to grow up She seems on the camera life free And she's the girl with her hand She seems like a small kid And then she's like a small, we big yellow tea And then can't sleep She just cannot breathe She's only always There's a message for you punch out there Don't start puffing on them, tag it and answer Team are a little scared, it's the next you'll be able Just as Johnny He's still dead 20 past 10 at five, 60, we don't want to milk the Johnny Carson thing, but it should be a good message to us all I don't need 79, just a young whippersnapper, right? Right, 79 When he's thinking of that money that he had millions and millions And the enjoyed our last year probably not Don't think so, there's infosema from what I'm told And it's worth the chronic smokers, people at our time For infosema many of them are so addicted to the nicotine They'd like have to have a tube and certain of the drugs So they can still puff the nicotine Have you ever seen that? That is really sad For a wait, well, I mean, just you can't blame the people It's addictive man, it's indignally I say banal and faggot right now Starts from selling a wacky weed and you're going to let cigarettes Blame the people Yeah, that's right, blaming the individuals for being addicted to sugar like me Oh sure, it's killing yourself when I'm sugar Well, lots of things that are bad for you all around And the problem is that we like them If the things that we're bad for you were like disgusting Like well ice cream and that could put us on the problem Right, right The measly broadcast group, now this is a memo that was circulated To employees and not us though, nobody connected with this show Hank covered he, uh, Schmidt can't his The measly broadcast group, and then we'll get to the bookstore Okay, we, you know, we hit the sea to blue go, but the blue quite frankly was never really here Recently, are you aware of that? Oh, no, no, no, no, he wasn't really a QM employee recently He was like a Marlins employee, works for the team And every once in a great while, he's feeling like freelance But he wasn't on the QM payroll But the people over there at 790 man, they're like, you know, they're doing it They're pirating everybody they can They're going through the pack God only knows who it might be next, you almost say Oh, right The measly broadcast group is always looking for ways to improve the work environment Increased the effectiveness the operations with our within our radio clusters As you like a cluster of hemorrhoids, cluster of grapes And our corporate orifice, one of the best ways to determine where there are areas that we They're first rating to you or make your job more difficult and unpleasant Is to give you a chance to communicate your feelings to the cluster and corporate management And anonymous and confidential way with no repercussions to you No attempt will be made to identify any person participating in the survey The surveys being sent to every employee in the entire company Taking a few moments to, well, attempt to once we don't like real bad Like George And Josh, he's a compulsive gambler Taking a few moments to complete this feedback Survey will provide information to corporate and station management This information will be carefully considered And making changes in the way your supervisors and corporate personnel function Oh yeah, oh cracker please The objective is to improve your work experience And the effectiveness of our overall operations And when you attach this stick it up your, uh, whatever the moon don't shine The survey sheet will not actually be shown anyone at your market cluster We thank you for your candid honest input Please return these forms to the business department By this Thursday, January 27 And here's what, uh, you know, here's what the questions are Am I opinion the overall morality and then I'm going to do it right on the air I don't have to be anonymous, what the other way I care And it didn't give me one anyway I'm an independent contractor and I'm going to employ this outfit Am I opinion the overall morality employees in this cluster is circle one Excellent good fair or poor poor poor morale How come there are two positives and only one negative, you know, how about like awful How about, um, you can't complain about the morale because there is many That's my choice Two, the overall morale of the people working my department is excellent good fair for where you can't complain about the morale because there is many Three, my level of respect for my immediate supervisor is very high High medium low or very low And my choice is not here very very very very low Which was not even above my immediate supervisor is, it'd be clear inside that Well, like I said, very very very very very very very very very very low Four, I'll ever respect for my co-workers my department is very high, high medium low very high High co-workers are doing a magnificent job They're in spite of the rest of this crowd five my level of respect for station manager is very high high medium low or very low Well, let me just put it this way very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very low Six, I have the following problems with my immediate supervisor is going to like twice we can write stuff in he's an idiot That's all seven I have the following problems with my station manager Well, he's an idiot and a compulsive liar eight I have the following problems with my department sales department engineering department Who do I leave out? traffic department water Nazi might leave anybody out the Jared or the Janet now he just good job again All he keeps messing and keeps his stick in his nose and our stuff in there play him hit using my spray nine I feel that I'm not being treated fairly in the following way. Oh, I don't have the time Joyce Tan I could do a much better job hours if they didn't keep jerk and the audience around in the show time or on a fail at this alone You'll notice that now that we're back on ten to two is matter of fact this last even this last rating when we hit those hour by hour We just kicked bloody ass man now that we've tried to get off of that nine to one thing We could have continued right along our Murray way doing ten to eleven and twelve shares and men like we were for a long long time for like six to five years Whatever was until Greg came up with an ingenious idea of putting us on nine to one that was the beginning of the end That was the beginning of the do-noon long whatever that means the unraveling ten I just do that 11 The thing that bothers me most about working here is there's only three lines for that The thing that bothers me most about working here is that I'm working with a for a bunch of lunatics crazy people That just won't stop Dylan man enough of the Dylan 12. I'd like to see more Sanity that would be good simple word sanity 13. I'd like to see less insanity like to see less changing and changing and changing and moving around and pissing everybody off and And like to see a lot less Joyce. How's that just one word answer for that one? I'd like to see less Joyce 14 I respect level for corporate management corporate management is very high high medium lower very low Very very very very very very very very very it's a doesn't exist not existed 15. I respect for the corporate staff is not existing Carolyn 16 corporate management needs to rise up 17 the corporate staff needs to rise up 18 my station cluster could do much better if all these people would Why is up 19 the company could do much better if they would wise up 20? I would also like to say that your mama. I said simple to word answer it your mama So there's my answer to your survey and you can take it in the stick or whatever one don't you give it to mr Whipple okay and why somebody is a yeah with it? What a joke as if it's rocket science, you know really takes a genius to very like these are very complicated things and The only kind of people that put out stuff like that are people that don't know how to do business people Don't know how to deal with other people that's the problem right there. I don't think I have the right copy here Well, I'm all whipped up into a frenzy now because of that damn stupid answer I don't think I have the fan oh here it is right here for fan screen of course You know what a great job time breakfast of updating the copy and given us something really to sink our teeth into on his accounts Not as a matter of fact probably this thing I have in my hand right here in the sheet of paper to it So it probably won't change for like how many months Nice going Todd man you are on top of things you are the best in fact how come I didn't mention him in there? Let's go back and do the survey again 28 after 10 and 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday too. We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two today Mad dog figures as long as he's the laying duck anywhere in the jerk in him around wine hell I come in every day right to probably go work and less than he was before which wasn't much more Howard David 4 to 7 Don't don't don't don't don't Then we got guilty again that I set it up to 10 the quickest way through three hours in any case in a clock If you're less than 50 grand less the year you need some help man time for career change time to get a life Pick up that phone and call it with posted fast train right now toll free 1 866 fast train because fast-wink and heavy train to ready for a new high-pain career and as little as four Short months fast train offers high demand high-pain career training if you like computers If you ever even thought about becoming a computer network professional just call fast train I'll get you on a road to like the real career call 1 866 fast train the demand for computer professionals right now It in all time high and like I said just a minute a million seconds ago You can be traded ready for new career and as little as four months at fast train They got locations all over so there's bounding we want easier convenient for you live there in Kendall my am a member of Pies and Fort Bauderdale Fast train offered job placement financial aid for people to qualify and they evening and weekend classes are forming right now As I speak so pick up that phone get off your dead end job. Say goodbye to your schmuck boss and get yourself a real career And the big fat paycheck that goes along with it Susan Pledge your guts access like Josh Cortis call fast train toll free one eight six six fast train Looking for a new career in politics I might still announce my god of his April baby C. NCI Techie international is now accepting applications from former oil companies that can it to run for office as I write new president We're looking for a few for repable men to fulfill America's mission to install democracy wherever it simply is important I pledge to restore your water and you good enough to be a public for the new American Nazi party No, oh, wow 800 I love the Saudis and they love me. Okay. I love the Saudis and they love the I love the Saudis and they love me 32 28 11 at five 60 WQA and speak of that gunman killer ranked justice ministry official Oh, a high-ranking official in the right justice ministry was gunned down this morning It's the bushings on Southeast of Baghdad according to Baghdad public headquarters judge case Hashim al-Shamadi al-Shamadi That was that guy father-threatening on you. I was leaving a summer new Baghdad when the drive I shooting took place As some was also killed and surgeons have been targeting officials in policing his cooperating with the US occupation labeling them in Patell's mean while here's finally the story And they just like a And after thought meanwhile six US soldiers died Monday one on the roadside bombing in five and a vehicle accident That's it and it goes down a little bit more on it, but then that's about it You have to search to find it out anymore because it's you know you've been Adjusted to it. Descented times to it whole out of Denmark and Zodder any reason why oh, no, I'll kind of leave it We'll tell you those hearings. Now here's the deal. We got three pictures. We're doing a countdown five four three two one yesterday We had the who we have elicim alano right and today we got carbon elector a three photo It was for the price of one three fine photos behind a beaded curtain if you're a legal age You knew damn well better be we're gonna come to your house and just beat the crap audio Carbon elector a three fine photos of Carmen she was number four in your voting last week when we did the Count down for the all-time most popular beaded curtain gal and here's the poll question for today Who is or was the most tight cast actor or actress ever now? The problem with this thing is the ones that we've got on there like mostly old old timers right? And I'm sure we'll have some some puss also we got the Oscar nominees today We got that list that'll kill some good time. Lauren. Yeah, 33 votes so far the most tight cast Valla goes C 12 although I will say this I didn't vote for him. You want to know why? Why because even though he was the Dracula thing He was in a lot of those follow up on monster movies He was also when a lot of gangster movies. Yes. He was we're gonna try to gangster. That's right. I didn't go with me there Huh? I did not vote for he has a 12 votes Leonard Nimoy's got six Mr. I thought what he hears I mean what else could he be at this far right? He just mentioned Spock although he was on fishing impossible Yeah, I need to insert that to but it didn't help. I almost forgot about inserture. That was good show. That was a good show didn't help Anyway, Boris Carl on this past him Valla goes C 15 Boris Carl off seven later Nimoy six Charles Bronson's got five you son of a bitch Edwards you Robinson I was my votes got four always against her. I can't remember him in any movie When he wasn't against her. I remember 80 robbers and he used to play for a space for the Yankees and sit up in Eddie Robinson boys guy I'm a chahankamurism big fat guy. No, not Hank. I mean Eddie Robinson and William Schreiner's three and you put Erica strada on the other He crossed by Flagster the break so I see Erica strada chips chips in a course Those two things those are my bro. Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Smokes you know it was a low red cell phone company. Oh He also did a scam for some weight loss thing from based in Miami and Informers should let us on Europe no less. I mean the mud is soiest most ridiculous thing even he looked in it Couldn't keep a straight face doing a thing couldn't keep its straight Erica strada. Yeah, come to Q AM hello Okay, thank you Come on a fall We WQA and hello. Yes, I'm a nation center. Yes, it would actually it's six people But it involves one type of character It's any child actor that was on the Brady Bush their 45 years old is still Brady Yeah, okay, week WQA and hello, hey, you know, I got what for the poll. Yes, I'm beautiful Peter Falk is but it was some other very interesting movie But he's your right all right, okay, thank you. What's he did the one I Columbus? I know it was pretty much it. Yeah. WQA and hello QA up WQA. This is us Bob Denver is perfect right up our alley. Thank you. You're welcome. I want to get to the booth thing here But it's well the most stall in fact what I'll do is we'll go back and read the Easily corporate survey again a few times very very very WQA and hello Yes, sir Well, is your name I read Ryan I read Ryan okay, bad phone, but the good choice. I mean Ryan Nobody's gonna know who that is, but there will maybe a few we have to Beverly Hillville and the big Billy people I would think Before we before we get the little pots this story is so good Is that I don't know what the name of that city is is a matureious Macayas. I never heard that machious I-A-S mean big it up someplace in Maine some little Bumford town a 54-year-old homeless man who routinely complained to fake chest pains to avoid paying the time for restaurant meals May have gotten his just desserts a judge sentenced Elias I Elias on Friday. This is name tonight the Asian jail. I feel pretty good to have to services The sentence followed the recommendation of the a Paul Cavanaugh who said the August Fifth incident the townhouse restaurant Mark the 13th time that Elias tried to skip out on the check by pretending he had trouble breathing was having a heart attack He kept saying Yes 18 convictions just since 2003 a year Elias moved to Maine from California has been jailed numerous times Cavanaugh said Authorities said Elias would order dinner and drinks eat and enjoy then fake his need for medical assistance when the checker arrived He would then be taken to a local hospital usually left before police arrived It lies court appointed attorney Jeffrey Davidson told the judge that the homeless and unemployment just wanted to eat a restaurant meal like anybody else Even if he didn't had dignity, he wanted to feel like he did David's a fine to go to suits, right? Sure, yeah, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna go into Ruth Chris. No, oh, I think I'm dying away after I have a big mole in the recent nice big beard no whole thing What this reminds me of a true story what's the punitime? a friend and I were embossed in several years ago and we ate at legal seafood house It's like the one in the assog West there, right? But the original one really good one is a post of that one legal seafood and if anyway Hey, I wouldn't say it's a real super fancy restaurant, but it's certainly not like a diner. It's not a die. It's pretty nice And we're eating and it comes to guy who looked like he just crawled out of a dumpster It looked like a homeless guy and his guy. He orders the chowder. He orders like a big like Serpentur afraid the most expensive thing out of menu. He orders dessert and of course you can see they're like They're confabbing some of the help because they really really wondering if this guy's gonna be able to pay for the meal And to make a long story sure it's just out of curiosity We kind of like stretched out to meal and stuck around just to this to see if he could pay any did Does that I mean this guy even after like four people and he looked like he seriously like he'd been stippin for a month in a dumpster He looked worse than Maddie Bell on a bad day. So that's how it all oh That he grosses nice get out of here. He looks like like he's slutting that suit and that foamy suit is You know we're like a rink of love his bodies rink of his faces rink of his suit is rink of man He makes me look like a fashion plate man. Oh, why are you sucking off the Maddie Bell? You know he hates you like poison every day when he does and he's got a George Rodriguez voodoo doll He sticks pins in it right in your after every day when he goes home That's what much he despises me. I thought it felt like a yeah Yeah, yeah, it's you thinking of rides and developing forget about that. It's Maddie Bell sticking it to you So I'm by this crap about all news just make it into this deal big joke. That's not a joke He despises you he wishes you would croak and it's all because of jealousy because you got the right love and they'll all bend out of shape About that ass stuff 20 till just ask him 24 out at five 60 W 2 m the main man Anthony Kelly and order sentence capital mortgage says it's time for a new year's resolutions like most Americans Some of them might be like paying off your credit cards lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash When it does pull some out and investing in real estate there to top of any people's list South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US So why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates the main man's new year's resolution is to give back to the community in this year They partnered with kids and distress with a track work at a 25 years of helping over five thousand abuds in the bucket Children each year a set in scapellas donating a portion of all commissions that every close-own to the sweet cause and even if you're in the mortgage Business the main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations too So call the main man Anthony Kelly and though at his toll free number one triple eight four eight three loan That's one triple eight four eight three loan or go to the main man dot com and you can fill out that application right online Here's that number one more once one triple eight four eight three L-o-a-n O Like You thy Just stop boring, sport goal show. Talks about jobs like a big sun, All you need like a bull-eye. And the rule that I do to the ground. We will sing it round by a song. We now, all the standard now, All the standard now. 16th 11, we like Bull-Gallon. It's quite a fact that he's bailing out. He's going to the competition, but that's okay. See, unlike D4, who bailed out, He didn't really bail out. He got the sands kicked out. He's going to do the morning show because he turned out to be in the car. But unlike D4, whom we despise like boys, and then we like a lot. No matter where he goes, we wish him the best of success. Even though it looks like he's going to be on right opposite us, how do we do how do we do? Oh my god. Now this article by Barry Jackass and the hero this morning, Sean B. Turns down Marlison, M.A. R. L.I.S.N. to join ESPN in 790. Way to do another very good job on their website. They had 24 years. They held website below. It's one of the worst. It starts out by saying, Facebook, R.S.B. and television, and talk show for 790 ESPN radio. So in other words, there's like one or two lines missing there. It's just crats, cock out, which you'd expect to hear. Fox sports network offered Sean B. to Marlison's TV play by a play job last Tuesday. And all parties expected an agreement, including us. Didn't we just about announce it on the air? Right. Then we said was the only of the English courtists who's in Marlison, and Saturday, it's done. I thought so. Yeah, we all thought so. But, yes, why? It's never done. ESPN caused Sean B.34 to reconsider by offering a package of 30. But third man. Baseball games on ESPN on Monday or Wednesday nights. Because of baseball blackout rules, ESPN televised a two-game simultaneous league set Sunday nights. And Sean B. We'll do the second to read the backup game in many cases. Sean B.<|pl|> was called Colons Football and Basketball Games for ESPN Regional TV. So here's the base start to be on like original national mudboards that'll be on ESPN. About 30 baseball. A third man. Season. Sean B. Who will leave his job as a Marlison's radio announced after eight seasons. We'll also do a talk show for 790. The program like we will be from 10-A into one p. and all the hours aren't definite. Craig Minner, Vini, and Jason Salabkin, currently are the host of hours on 790. Well, maybe they can like all be on there at the same time. Kind of like us in Stern. Right? Sure. Overlock. Just jam walling in there together. Fox Sports, other finalists for the Marlison TV job or which walls. I wonder if he's kind of jack walls. Huh? That's his name. Rich walls. I know what you're going to say. I don't get how many day ago getting a what? Great small boom by's come out on a one-way. There's a little handle Seattle Marlison. Marlison pregame in post game shows on TV and Bob McGillot who announced his mind-release baseball in hockey in Syracuse, New York. Walswood appear to be the front run into the work alongside Tommy Onel, less Fox Sports decides to be open the search. Like one of those nationwide searches. Like we do a QAM. The Marlison's also must hire. We do an on-site reputation. I'm going to work alongside the Trimily, come and do seem day van horn boring. It says here. While 790 was adding Shelby on Monday, the market's third all sports station, which has a point in men round the clock. At least they're consistent. They may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Oh, that's it. That's what they had no measurable audience, those games were things that could have been recorded. Last Sunday dubbed the ministry will suggest howontic luck yes. This game looks like a war between gay and child loss. The New Yorkers Asttset wrote you an important that's the old light bulb frequency with about six watts as what's the point. Here's one for our pull from Fredo. It says, how about James our next after guns smoke? He disappeared. Pastor then Johnny. How about James our next I would agree with that. He always a Mat Dylan right? Right. And then it was in. Don't remember anything else. Speaking of Mat Dylan, whatever happened to him, not that I missed him at all. He was okay in Dr. or cowboy. Yeah. Was that the movie? Yes it was. Yeah, he was good in that. I could live without him. He just kind of vanished in me. Sort of good to think what he's done lately. Not much. He must have done somebody. Here's the pull so far. Who is or was the most type cast after actress of all time? 82 votes so far. We'll get a whole bunch more names on here and make it really interesting or not. As the case may be, Bella Legosi had 26. Eddie come help me please Eddie. Call Eddie. Bella who had a thing for Johnny Depp and who could blame him. Charles Bronson 14. Boris Carl off 14. What that Martin Landell, what a great actor. Yes he was. He's dead. I don't know. Is it? Barbara Bean. His ex-wife. They were on fish and impossible. And she dead. I'll check it out. How about Gary Bean, the jockey? He's still alive. Charles Bronson and Boris Carl off 14. A piece Leonard Nimoy 12. William Shanderson. Edward G. Robinson had six. Erica Strottis got a pair. Little teeny tiny pair. Bob Denver's got one. Irene Ryan's got one and Peter Faulkton have any yet. Peter Faulkstas had been a lot of other movies. He was a lot more than just Columbo. Nevertheless. Why? Why would you call it? Well, today's crowd was thinking of as Columbo. And that's it. Anything else we'll be no credibility. See that's tight cast. In other words, you're so of you. I got another one for you. I got two more. You got a two more. I got a big fat growing two more. Adam West. Oh, they heard more. They heard a few more. Can you see it? Adam West and Bert Ward. In fact, on biography, when you see the thing about them and about Batman and everybody. They're one of them. That's what they talk about. And they've been hanging on going around the country. Doing these Batman revival types shows you because that's it. That's what everybody views the mass. And of course Robin, now that was old green tights in Fitten and I thought he's a well Martin Lendau is still alive. Good news. I'm looking at Barbabade right now. Please come to QAM Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. My two days of your fall. Two. Two dollars. Who? Peter Salmon. Peter Salmon. To make them. Right. I've read when the monster. And Fred Gwyn aka John Kerry. Okay. Thanks a lot. Greg Gwyn and Peter Salmon. But I don't even realize just like yesterday, it's going to be a big list, you know? Right. Going to be a huge list. Actors or actresses, most typecast. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Hey George. Yep. I'm sorry man. Listen, I got one for the Paul, but I wanted to just tell him to talk about James our death from that. That's both. Right. You know who is what it was? And we will write Peter Graves. Right. Peter Graves. I'm mission impossible, right. Yeah. It's a drooling Peter R. That's. That is correct. It's a damn sound. Okay. Take it easy man. Thanks. I thought he said he had some. He didn't have that was it. That was it. What am I looking for? I'm not well. We got there. No, I'm looking for a theme again. There you know. I can't find her. If all the people from all mission impossible we're talking about Martin Landauer and Peter Graves. Barbara King. And Greg, what was that black eye thing? Greg. Someone. Wait. What was that? Go believe. You know where I'm talking about? For mission impossible. I don't know his name. All right. Yeah, you do Greg sometime. I think he's dead. Damn it. I'll look it up. I can't find Barbara King anywhere. Well, how is that possible? You can't find Barbara King. And B. Why? No, finding different people. Not the one we're looking for. Why don't you look up? I am D.B. I did it. And you're getting Barbara King, M.B. I got nothing on IMDB for Barbara King. How is that possible? Bar, how are you spelling it? V-A-I-N. Right. Yeah. She's the Vayne of our existence. So here we go. Go to the bottom of other pages. Wow. 560560, Pound 560, and Verizon, Sing it a while to slide. That was a damn good show. Mission impossible. You know? Mm-hmm. Dang good. Line 9. WQA, and hello. Hey Neil, I was a going. Pretty good, pal. I got two for you. Oh, okay. Uh, Beverly Hills, Billy's. I got a jet throw. He was even though that entertainment show where he was going to commit suicide because he didn't get any job. Max Bear. Max Bear. Yeah. Okay. It was great Morris. How about David Cassidy? David Cassidy is excellent. He was this all he ever questioned about is that he was like timecast. Yes. And he's, she's swell. Okay, see. Greg, more sense right. That's great Morris. Perfect. But he went on to executive stuff later on and Max Bear from the Beverly Hillbillies. So he never wanted to get another job acting. But he was a part of it. But that's not the worst thing. But that's not the worst thing. What? What? What? Somebody go on and ever succeed anything else. But as far as an actor was concerned, he was tight cast as he might have a good more entice cast. That's what I said. That's the first thing I said. Yeah. But he didn't try to get anything else. Well, maybe he knew he couldn't get anything else. How do you like that? How about David Cassidy? Do we have him on there? Yeah. He should be. He's sure oughta be. We got the Brady bunch on here. Do we have the partridge family? God forbid. Get the guy with the eyes all worked up in the squeeze himself. We're not allowed to sit on here. Good. Got the Brady bunch. See, you got to call me for about the Brady bunch. What are you going to do? Put all your names on your ear. Where do you get actor or actress? Everybody who's ever. Yeah. That was just one of them all on there. We'll do a search on it. We'll pull like 7,000 names of every child actor or actress who was ever in a movie around TV. We'll put a while on there. Shmuck. WDQA and hello. Pretty good. About Michael Richards, Kramer from Sanco. I never watched that. I hate that. So I have no idea. What do you say, guys? Sure. Whatever you say. And some to the thrill with it. I don't know who that is. I never watched that show for like 2 minutes. Jerry Seinfeldman. He gives me the hevy debies. I do mean hevy. He's a little guy. I can't deal with him. He's nauseating. He's just dripping with that certain New York oozy thing. Barbara Davis still alive. Barbara Maine and Martin Landour are both still alive. I like that. I mentioned impossible. I hit him with five shots. And there's still alive. And divorce. Long since divorce. But that was kind of interesting, you know, a satellite to the fact that they were both on their show. And they were husband and wife at that time. And not real interesting. But mildly interesting. You think? Model, moderately interesting. Speaking of moderately interesting, the Oscar nominations announced after the top of the hour. We're like, kill about two minutes with that. When I see that Leo is on here, it just makes me want to. Yeah, how can anybody take that thing seriously? You know, God. It's just it's amazing to me that, you know, even pedolasing the American public. And also the so-called critics and experts. You can pedal any kind of crap, you know. He must have some really good naked pictures of somebody. Or he's doing something. He's pathetic. He's a silly person. He's a simple man. He's a little screemer. Greg's boy is Leo. Huh? Greg Morris. The guy just called it and said that five minutes ago, when you were busy arguing with him about Max bear. David. He said Greg Morris. That's what he said. David. Then who? I said, I said, I say Greg Morris is then. I said, then. Did I say that? Did you say that? No, no, no. I thought he was there. And now we know for sure. Damn it. There seems to be a lot of that going around. Oh, there we go. Damn, I thought I was going to be next. Am I doing a live spot here or not? I guess not. No. Because I already threw the long way. See today, I want to like, I want to start getting ahead of myself. This business of not scratching out the breaking. That's all because of that time thing that we went through. And as far as Mo is concerned about doing tend to do, I have everything just fine with me. It's already 11 o'clock and we like barely said our fan ass is done in the chairs. You're the center. We are Roger. We are going to have a school lunch and play. On 560 60. Are you a... This is the Neal Roger, so. This is your brain. Oh, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? Some stations you can call. Some stations you can call. But this station is going to give you the best gift of all. Because this station is going to give you. It's going to give you a piece of mine. There's that. It will give you a first color. When you hear the sound. There. And we will give you a lobotomy. That's right. We will remove the part of your brain responsible for coherent thoughts. No more fear. No more problem. Just stay after day of peace. Some living in a semi-bechipated state. You'll be surrounded by people who will close you. Feed you. When record your every lobotomy. And your days playing with bits of paper and brightly colored blood. We'll see four hour pieces of, because you had lobotomy. This station is not reliable for botanies that lead winners really stupid instead of peaceful. But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenient store on the night ship in the back. Lose your mind. Literally. Keep listening. Go away. Or just come to work in QA. And it'll have the same effect. Love it a clock at QAM. Here's one that I thought to put on there. But I have seen them in a variety of other things, especially lately. Robert De Niro says Elmer. Right. He's a mobster, but not lately. He's been in some of the other things. He's been in some of the other things. He's been in some of the other things. And another good one is on Elmer's list. Here Joe Peshi. Even though he was in, what was that awful boxing movement that everybody raves about, Raging bull. But he's still played the same character. Pretty much. He's still the same thing. He's always like that. Here's a very good one. How about Henry Wainford of Fines? He's a fine. What I owe, boy, do I despise him or why? What? Here you go again. Every day everybody. You just sit in a hard ass. You don't like anybody. Except Tom Rating. Come on, dance, dance, dance, dance. I guess like David Cassidy, I'm proud to admit it. He's sure was pretty. I'm home, not a dog and his wife. We'll be great. So there it is. I don't want to disappoint your friend to go with the eyes. Because if we got him upset, he wouldn't show up at any more of your appearances. I would see him in a long time. Good. Thank God. Maybe he died to go with the eyes. Oh, we have a party. He's a vine. The old George Reeves, the original Superman killed himself because of being tough. There's a lot of debate about what if he actually committed suicide or not. There were graves. In fact, if you go on one of those biography channels show us you'll remember, and now you'll see one of these deals about who was the other one from Hogan's Heroes. Oh, I forgot. The poor old freak. Oh, Bob, Bob, I'm crying. Oh, Bob, I'm crying. Oh, I'm crying. When you get rid of it or what? Sorry. Man, Bob, I'm crying, right? A lot of rumor was he was murdered. Anyway, George Reeves, you know, you might want to put Superman in parentheses on that Josh because who else is going to know George Reeves? They think we're talking about Jim Reeves, the old friend from music company. Christopher Reeves, North Chris Reeves, not the Superman. That thing was Superman and Reeves, man. It's not a good combination. And in fact, even planes Superman, Bob Koyer, played Superman on a radio and got a van. He died. He had to be on to talk with truth on TV, remember, Bob Koyer? Look. And also, what was that other horrible game he was on? Or they had like a limited time to do those stupid stunts? What was that? I don't know what it was. Booker Brian Olo. Here's the number one choice to court of this fact, which is, it's no matter what movie he was in, he played the same cool character and your right. John Wayne, the Duke. John Wayne, get that under immediately even he goes zooming to the top. He'll pass metal like he's laid out in a box, right? Yep. John Wayne, boy, can he act or what? You don't mess with the Duke. And what was his name again, Marion? Beat the clock. Beat the clock. Very good. Thanks, Bob Koyer Brian. Yep. I guess I'll play it. Just a humor him. He did a bit that I didn't put in a computer because, uh, I'm just a stereotype. If anybody's ever seen Bob Koyer Brian, which is most people haven't, if you saw him, then this would be very, very funny. If you don't know him, I'm never saw him. He's the picture of his head on the website. There he goes. Get it. And now for you, youngsters. I will wrap my bald head. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. I'll wrap it. There you go. That's your own table over here. That'll be enjoyed. Well, no, it's a... It's a good side thing. Well, we find it all very amusing. But Tracy and Kendall has three nominations for the pool. It's a good thing. The first one isn't going to qualify. The first three is one too many. Carol O'Card, which I would say absolutely not. I mean, Carol O'Card is lasting. It was at awful in the heat of the night. He's at the night series on TV. And he was, I don't know. I agree with that more than Robert DeNiro. You read with what? He's more type-cast than Robert DeNiro. If we're going to be relative. No. I think it's some ins and men's a half and half. Okay. We'll put Carol O'Card around her. A lot of people else all in those R2 bunkers. All, you know. Right? Right. It gives me an exclusive play these themes again. Well, let's do that every day. Sure. We won't have any audience left. We won't have to be great. Oh, that's not true. Every day will love it. Do we love it? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Okay. That's all. Carol O'Card, Gary Coleman. Oh, yeah. Mijit. And Barbara Eden. Yeah. I saw Barbara Eden a couple of other things. But I think definitely when you see Barbara, you knew Think of Jeannie, right? Right. I like Harper Valley, PTA. And Tracy says, go a path to have a great day. Thanks, Tracy. Three for three. Here's Jim, who says, Governor Arnold belongs on your pool. Oh, yeah. It's all he is. Terminally, I'm not just Arnold. Got it. Got it. Pulse exists would be great now if they had managed. Who would be great now if they managed to stay alive? Oh, Brandon will do. I've owed his any caqron. Remember, any caqron sitting in the balcony? Nope. I do. I think there was any caqron. I'm pretty sure. Anyway, a poll for who would be great now if they managed to stay alive? Hmm. I don't think there were that many of them. Well, what the audience will hear is names and dead people. No, no. No people like died before they. People who died young before they were not long enough for doing. They were going to say this question. Like Brandon the will though. That's only what I can think of. It says Eddie Cochran. Okay, singer. Buddy Holly, but Buddy Holly did achieve a fame. That's in effect. He was on yesterday's pool after he and she had a lot more votes. By the way, shame on you people became legendary after he died. And he wasn't a good singer. He was a very mediocre. You know, Peggy. He said, who? Who? Who? He was a horrible. Yeah. Family. The day he was. He was weak and weak and wimpy and goofy looking in the Yahoo. But now he's legendary because after some people died, they become legendary. You know what I mean? Like for example. Now just a joke, Johnny. Just like now. And now for you. Yes sir. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Not the Verizon and singular. Fireless line. W to Q a m. Hello. No. Yes sir. I got one for the ball. Okay. Good. One. I like that. I say Adam Sandler. Always plays the same guy in every movie. Same idiot. Right. Very good. You got it. And Bob Barker agrees by the way. Nice to lot, Pally. You have a good one. You too. Adam Sandler. All man. Do I like Adam Sandler? No. You don't like anybody in the O-Lane. Somebody you do like besides Bella Lagoce. Look at all these people on the pole here. I like all of them. Bella Lagoce. Charles Bronson. I did a boy Boris Carl off with him. I would be Robison. Bob didn't write it down. Adam West. I like Erica Stroud. I don't like John Wayne. I don't like. But so far, Michael Richards. I don't know who that is. Peter Falk. I love David Cassidy. I love literally. Joe Pesci. I love. I think what Joe Pesci is he's too much. You know, that not far ready with the same routine. Get into act. Right. Right. Do I am you. Use you. Use you. Use you. I have to set these. I have to set these. You know what I do. Get out of here. George Reeves, super red light him a lot. Henry Winker, I can't stand, but so far. I'd say like a 9 ninety percent of the people on the pole. I like. Right. And I'm saying that makes me want to pewch. I like can't stand. Barbara, you know, I love Gary Coleman. Can't stand. I need to show people. Carol or Konner love. All right. I already did those. Robert, I mean, though, I like a lot. I'll throw too much of this say too much. Dumbna who buys those veto rules. Henry Winthell. No, Eddie. Burt Ward. Oh, I can't even describe you. Max bear. I see I don't know who Max bear is because I don't watch that show Get throw I buy him watch the show See because we don't hear if you're all day long and we like name into me the characters on the duke's a hazard Your John Snyder's the only one I know that's only because he looked so damn good together And I and even even then I didn't watch the show is the most awful that could be the worst show ever duke's a Has still a good idea Anyone Peter sellers are love Fred Gwyn. I like to love James our next And I read Ryan I don't know who that is who is she granny. Oh, I don't watch that show either from the Beverly Hobbes I know I never watch the end of Yahoo shows you did Yahoo show they ripped everything and everyone Jay and oh here we go. Here's the spy report Oh first of the pool Melissa Joan Hart. She was Sabreana for the teenage the teens But she was like 25 right you got it right Melissa Joan all heart Jay and baby Susan had a way to watch this morning. I flipped over listen to Joe Rose and my surprise was a fill and be Fodifo it was the normal on listenable crap. That's what Miguel told me this morning little spy report He said it was in co-haired and on listenables where he said on listenable QM needs to get the mad dog taking care of since 790 is ready to hire anybody nearby That's right. They're on the problem. They're on the move. They're on the moving on the improve We're at least they think they are all they got so far as Joe Rose and they keep them for all these other Weenies around like minir venie and all these other people, but it means nothing I'm gonna say it again is only a very very tiny number of people in the sports business in South Florida Radio who mean anything Hank old virgin man. It's Joe Rose. I'm on a material. Let's it. Have you been anybody out? You ask me. No, but that that's it. I mean anybody out Josh? I guess not no See you don't have to be so wishy wash your buttons is because we are exposure gambling problem Telly savalla says are really good one who loves you baby Now before co-jack he was in like custom good movies who won on actor, but once he was in co-jack man It was it he was co-jack. He was always stuck on a lovely pop. Oh, yeah, friend. Russia the nanny Can you? No and Dennis friends who's always a cop. Yeah, that's a very good one. He's a good actor But he's always the same says demon. Thank you demon. Oh, here's another great one somebody I can't stand personally who makes me want to like crap all over the place Oh, here's two more good ones sliced alone No, Adrian what I'm more on. Oh, I can help it What do you mean by that? I'm not talking about what they're he can help and I'm talking about the public that we spawns didn't like Yeah, it's just saying he's like the George Bush of the movies him and Arnold all the article of course It's oh, I don't even want to say it the governor Slice along and David Hasselhoff He's always going to be that same jerk who you know running around on the beach trying to be a sex pod hanging around with all I'm hot young bodies, you know that's David Hanselhoff We're without that car and you tell me the car was you know I know because this show was horrible right never the ones you actually watched that show no What does it mean that the car was a what does that mean? The after who did the boys do the car is a flavor. Oh, I see you When you went to car kept trying to rear end other cars and well I was I'm into it No, after 11 at 5. 16 w q a and what was your new usual solution? Maybe lose someone that's flat that fat that disgusting rotus crap you got all around your middle Maybe you're sitting at your desk right now in your car and you feel like I'm buckling your bed coat belt because you're a Pupigus hand out so much or maybe undoing the top button on your skirt or maybe have already done that Balance for life a little delivered to you five meals per day right to your door It's your home will work wherever you're hanging out every day All based on the popular zone diet five feeding today and still lose weight. What's not to like and the best part about it is the food essential Balance for life is the only me of liberty company offer you menu choices Just go to their website balance for life dot com and check it out for yourself and tell yourself a delicious goodies like blueberry pancakes You'll free cheese cake yellow fin tuna burger grilled today with parsley potatoes and even have a chicken and veggie pizza And all you snowboards and soft odor right now for the winter time. You check this out too because they can take it the meals to your specific needs You don't think you're overweight. You like I think you're on a borderline well find out for yourself take the simple BMI test right now It bounds for life dot com go to the bottom of the page click on body mass index if your score is over 25 you are Chubby you need some help from balance for life. What are you waiting for? For off the year old right now put down a pin and pick up that phone and call balance for life because the sooner you call them Soon you're gonna get started and start losing it disgusting unhealthy weight one eight six six two two five 45 43 that's one eight six six two two five 45 43 around the web. It's balanced for life dot com You're a thing to me will Rogers What was your first break? I Went to work and knocked on doors and there was job at a small radio station in Miami Beach floor. I did everything I was I was I Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I did the board I did job I did sports I did news I did everything cleaned up cleaned up. I did everything This weekend on that. That's how you are the inauguration I didn't almost anything to get a lecture You know I know I'm talking about the parties I don't much to drink that night. Yeah I know that too, but you're not the only one explosive actions First daughter Barbara Bush Smash for head on the dance floor when a friendship dancing with it turned too low that friend That's a daughter bar breaking all the time. He says Captain Morgan what else would she drink it? Jack Daniels and Excellent wow, so what kind of guidance have you given it party with the animals? 11 16 at 5 60 W trim it's a five standing American family man. Make no mistake about that for a Terry Shival I guess they're gonna pull a plug will get to that story. Okay. Let's see here's some more Gonna have a million names on this pool Said Eastwood dirty hairy now he was very good in same misty for me, which had nothing to do with the right hairy That way I think preceded all the dirty hairy flexibly. Oh yeah, absolutely Five and four long analysis, 20s. What I think that's correct Sure when you always let a lot of stuff that nevertheless dirty hair but nevertheless done atoms right and Kelsey grammar Right good choices got him got him and Burned truer many me and as long as we're doing the Austin powers have I've done like Myers Oh, I don't know he's done a million things, but yeah, that got big yeah, that ain't he? He's done a million things. I think I'm sadder didn't write live The coffee talk all those characters. Let me sit again Mike Myers. All right right now right now this moment He is Austin powers if he if he wanted to be anything else right now See all of those other things preceded those movies in there. That's good point. Yeah Mike Myers get a mind in good Canadian boy 567. 560 pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines when is that hockey start and Neo Is it gonna start anytime soon? Oh nobody cares even here. They don't care like get lost already We just want to power back on and clean some of the names snow off the road, please WQAM hello The most beautiful person ever to grace TV Elizabeth Montgomery They what sounded like your friend there dinner? It sounded like somebody. It's not like Harvey Jr. I hope not, but anyway, right? The joy right Elizabeth Montgomery she would be with we love those with Montgomery an issue just don't mess with her on issue Right because it would be nice As a matter of fact There Oh Not that we didn't enjoy her in a lot of other movies too Elizabeth Montgomery she was a tremendous actress, but she's had cast She was a what's your name and be which what was your name? Sam here. So you'd be to do it and her twin sister was Serena Serena well, you didn't see this and Sabrina out. That was different show Right five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon singing a lot of song. Let's take a puke that thing I think John Wayne's gonna resume the top who is or was the most type cast actor or actress ever Bella Legosie's got 42 he may have a pretty good lead right now pretty safe Charles Johnson 24 later Nimoy 20 Boris Carl off 19 arm of the sports naga's got 13 John Wayne 12 See the dookies just he's turned a climb the ladder William Schatterton Edward G. Robinson nine vancester Adam West eight Bob Denver seven Michael Richard's five Joe Pesci's got full Erica Strodfore Peter Faulk III Adam San Reto Robert the 0 2 David Cassidy's got a pair I'll bet Melissa Joan Hart's got one Marvillied and one Henry Winkler one Peter settles one Fred Gwyn one None yet Melissa Montgomery just went on a none yet for Mike Myers v. and Troyer We didn't put Bert Ward on it. Did we oh there you just you don't have any votes yet? How could you not have any votes? Can you name me anything else you ever subvert Ward play me such robin on Batman? Huh name me one other thing that you ever saw him in they had a voice to steal all his votes Yeah, well because they got a vote for one of them is that because he filled out the tights better is that what it was? That was the room they were tighter five six seven old fine Other were not actually a group of Haiti to the like toys and is what they said on biography that's a good channel by the way You have the biography channel. Yes, excellent. W Q a.m. Hello Oh Hi, hi, I got two for your poll. Okay, remember Raymond Burr Longtini and longtini. You're doing that longtini. Is that longtini senior or junior the wolf man? Junior. Thank you. Thank you. Longtini junior who is the wolf man and who's always in those And yeah, right horror movies right right longtini senior on the other was the opposite of typecast because yeah He was a little bit He was on the back of a noted name among other things. Yes. I wonder if Larry King would have gone to school there would he been on the back of Notre Dame The hunchback where where he goes. Yeah, we had longtini junior. Who else did she say? Raymond Burr Raymond Burr. Oh, don't get oh, most gonna go on you I don't know it was gay. Yeah, you don't know anybody is gay. Okay, mode. Do you like the whole world is like strictly in the locker room Slapping to the run against just for kicks, you know just for Jim kick W Q a.m. Hello Pretty good. I've got two rock star Choice for you Absolutely the first one is gonna do actually in the blare Linda is very good The second one is probably not been do as well, but just is qualified Mark and I will look sky water. Oh sure You right sure. I think that a very one better Thanks, I see Do you want to do this? Do you still not know Well, that wasn't her, but we don't have anything but a Linda blur. But that was a movie Right the blare. I'm gonna get Russell piece of and Linda blare is sure not to we've had around to be the curtain once you try Right to a real knockout. Oh, yeah, not a knockout She's a real knock-around. She's she's got knockers and she's a fine young lady, but nevertheless I don't know she's like doing anything anymore. She likes still acting or whatever Since Rick James died. No, she'd love to do anything five six seven Oh five 60 and pound five 60 and the rise in singular rhyme is lying what a thought I know that it's a cute a.m. Hello. Hey, let's be now speaking Hey, Neil You were talking about Eric as I was talking earlier. He's now doing voiceovers for C-Lab 2021. Oh Don't yeah, don't start doing this like I won't go on for the ball run up his alley so to speak yes. Yeah, really How about the last thing last year was definitely tight cast That's cute Oh god, I mean can you imagine last year and of course there was more than one last I So proud of it and that and one last year was supposed to be a meal But it kind of fight out that most of the dogs that played last year were like female, but they never do the opportunity Or was it the opposite glassy is the word means last year was a lady It was a last year, but most of the dogs were males. I see. Did you check on us or what? I did a lot of research Does anybody QAM hello Yeah, do you have sir? Yeah, I don't know a lot of time to wait for Neil Are you talking to him right now? He's on you're on you're it. Oh wow Instance service. Yeah Can I say it all the air? Who right ahead say it? Oh, yeah, here's one for your Huawei yep I think it would fit perfectly how about Robin Williams Robin you're something that's one of the best ones you've had all day. I was thinking that yesterday When I was thinking about doing this call excellent choice pal thanks All right, yeah, that is don't you agree Yeah, in fact see with Robin Williams no matter what character he's playing it's still he's playing Robin Williams that Whether it's the uh the doctor patch with a big red no is that whether it's the shrink in Good the wheel hunting every movie. It's Robin Williams playing Robin Williams pretending to be somebody else But still playing Robin. He is just He's not an actor. See he was a funny guy when did stand up about 20 years ago But after that he decided he was an actor or somebody decided that and he's not did it come with that one hour photo I don't know if he saw that or he plays a very very serious creepy straight Yeah, character, but that's about it. That's very rare that he would do that right now the the other ones are all the same Like I just told you a couple of months ago I was watching the little bit of that good wheel hunting again and realizing just how tragic it was When that was a fan movie in fact, what made it even worse was the fact that Matt and Ben were in there again I think they were doing something Robbets that that's why the board identity is good because Ben isn't in them either one of them and after that helps. We got to be very careful I would say that right and after I've done see it Alex and my any says a few for the poll a few Well, there you go. That's all right. We don't care. We're not too easy anymore, okay We just want to money from these great robbing bastards. We don't care We're just take the money and Josh needs it badly so we can go and carry out his compulsive gambling habit And you go with the seminals to the Indians or what? Now, that's you, man. You're in a slot I heard you're in a slot too is what I heard all day. I was talking about gambling me the Alex and Miami says a few for the poll Steven Sigal Okay, Van Diesel then You are so predictable man Who's Van Diesel Oh Just forget about it call up a cop your buddy there Marvin see what he has to say about maybe mobile your money Bruce Lee, yeah, bro how could Bruce Lee not be tight cast, but that's true right? That given two polls in two days and John Claude Van Dam Yeah, I'll put it there in these little Steven Sigal Bruce Lee John Claude Van Dam Here's another one Mark and fine crisis Your taste and TV shows is in your ass night rider was a fantastic way to spend an hour It's iconic of 80s television even Terry Shag with hook fake is oh yeah She does today, but when they pulled that tube momentarily He's gonna be saying like that as a matter of fact on our Terry Shive oh I think actually I did watch tonight rider. I'm not really sure I'm trying to wipe it out of my mind. I'm not positive. I have seen it you know back in the day when it was on I didn't watch it like regular because because he was in it. I never liked David has a lot He always got on my nerves. Woody Allen that is sensational I mean what he's like he's like Robin Williams again. He's always telling Woody Allen a little right right He's always the same he's always the never seen the word he always right you don't have to act because that's him 27 after all we're gonna have like a thousand people on this poll day. That's good keep Josh busy there keep him off the Craft tables 27 after 11 at 5 60 WM when you shop for quality footwear There's no crap at Brandy's baby. They got only the top names in a shoe business They've got people working there who've been there a long time Who want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and number three they got the best prices always so how can you be? The top quality names and men's and women's shoes are waiting for it Brandy's like rock for it's floor shine S.A.S. Spirory timbre the naturalizer and all the others that you know and love and with Brandy's humongous solution You can just about bet bet Matty Bell's life on it that whatever style appeals to you. It's in your size I'm a shelf right this life on your feet right now Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday nine till nine and on Sundays 10 to five and Brandy's is still in that same great location They've been doing it right for years and years now You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North federal highway and Pompeo Beach and right now is a super time to buy just about everybody's favorites new balance shoes this week at Brandy's save up to 20 bucks a pair. I knew balance this week So be sure to come into the store this week or you can shop online at brandyshoes.com You're listening to Neil Rogers exclusively You know I'm so hot a new reality show that's all other reality shows that may think their reality shows But they'll into insignificance when it comes to budget charges reality shows Dude, did you see that? It's dust my day they plunge toilets But at night they take a video journal of boy's they plunge floor gold straight lovers or the weird ghosts on a deserted island With someone else's families I think like herself. Whoa, it's why are you monitoring the equipment? I'm gonna leave man. You see I give him chains after chance. Oh, but he's good with the computer Wait, wait, there it is again. I didn't hear it. Well, the EVP back. Okay I should go time to try and let's just leave me alone. You know that's not like Paul Lynn plumbers not last Get lost. I go play with their ball cop Dude, it is Paul Lynn What was Paul? We can help you Talk to us Don't bother me. Can't you? Don't miss straight plumbers for the queer ghosts under deserted island with someone else's family Two nights on sci-fi by a few mtm says did you know the USA channels we do in cojack with the being rames in the title role? Who's that? I he's a black guy big one a black cojack? Okay. Oh, no When will Smith did the wild wild west a lot to pick mentally challenged a lot of a pick mentally challenged people My folks went nuts. I can imagine what will happen with this as Damian White folks when nuts when will Smith did the wild wild west? I just do go nuts when he does anything but I have to see so I like immediately change a channel or whatever Or don't go see the movie Jimmy Walker JJ and Todd cast and say that again never saw him no more did we no To see there's somebody happy about let's have a party and celebrate now time cruise I don't agree with even though I don't like time cruise lately. I used to like him a lot. I don't know why right I don't maybe I thought he'd look up. I didn't But he's played every kind of half or like in rain man and huh nice guy retired guys I can't hear oh yeah, we're he plays the TV guy He's been all over the place Yeah, I don't agree with that even though he is a five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon and singular wireless line who is or was the most type cast actor Actress of all time. I'm not getting to my stuff here now because it's so go over so big It's go over bigger than the freaking Mary Talon or Anne These six million dollar man Oscar nominations announced The nominations for the 77th annual Academy Awards were announced today at this morning from Beverly Hills, California Now when he's her best picture are the aviator. Oh my god finding neverland Million dollar baby ray and sideways Then on these for best actor are gone chittle for hotel Rwanda giant dip finding neverland Tenies would million dollar baby Jamie Fox for Ray and Leo the capio for the aviator Now these are best actresses are an advenning for being Julia Catalina San Dino more at Moreno how's Rita more end of doing she's thought for Maria full of grace Amelda Stanton Vera Drake. How are we swank million dollar baby? She's gonna get it and Kate wins it Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. You know this how we got Leo and Kate wins the fact on here again together You see that it's a Titanic injustice is what it is it for her and that for her yeah The nominees for best supporting actor are Alan all of the aviator Thomas hadn't church Hayden church sideways. I have no idea who that is Jamie Foxco lateral Morgan Freeman million dollar baby I love Morgan Freeman an a clival enclosure closer closer closer What do we decide that woman called in that day and told us whatever it is nominees for the best supporting actress are Kate blind chef the aviator Laura Lynney Kinsey Virginia Madsden sideways Sophia Okanido hotel Rwanda and Natalie Portland closer closer and nominees I don't know what it is. Closer nominees for best. What is it closure? We need closure so closure mouth nominees for best director our clinics with million dollar baby martens croissacy the aviator Taylor Hackford for Ray Alexander pain for sideways and Mike Lee for Vera Drake The 77th annual Academy Awards whether of a February 27 on ABC ABC Now waited by John Madden. Do you know that John Madden was the original choice for that that that Spudgy here about that Josh? I did that is amazing See there would have been any flap about that and I use the word flap literally This is so silly ABC's first choice for the in our see if there would have used him that have been no controversy Would have been no problem. They're first choice to the infamous money net football dropped the towel Up until it wasn't to roll on it was announced to John Madden For reasons that are unclear Madden couldn't find a time before them for the skit Owens the Philadelphia Eagles receiver filled in for him in the steamy sketch that The reviewer protest in the network apology ABC Entertainment President Steve McPherson said someday I said a tarot on excuse me Theo and the spoof that proceeded in November 15 football game this for Housewives actress Nicola Chiron First waited on to skip the game by dropping the towel wrapped around her and jumping into his arms ABC initially thought it would be fun to have the Less attractive madness the subject of the Sheridan's artimer first and said the towel dropping was another last Man addition of the script that Plainfully back and that plainly backfired said Mark Cherry Executive producer of this but Housewives who had to write it Cherry said it was almost a but he and McPherson both said there was surprise at the reaction I feel really bad about it Cherry said I didn't want to upset people I didn't realize that money net football was such a family viewing experience I wouldn't let my five-year-old watch beer commercials with big busted cheerleaders, but that's just me Sheridan appearing before television writers Sunday said the purpose was simply to amuse people did that amuse you She said didn't amuse you Taking a pop culture incident like that and having to take press it and serve with the underlying problems of the world was absurd Sheridan said you go Nicola and always liked her all the way back to not sliding right yeah What's not to like see she's got her somewhere in honest you know all this big Simistly made about nothing oh she should write the tone with discuss everything they're disgusting That's the problem with America pure a tannical goody two shoes crazy people We want to turn her clock back a hundred freaking years 30 years wasn't it up Right wing board again a God squad maybe actually lunatics crazy people Oh my god, we said and we didn't see anything what did we see do we see a little electro mass maybe? It wasn't applied oh it was implied there was something make it a movie She doesn't have any breast how do you like that maybe she had them chopped off that a white woman maybe had a black heart About bit them off who the hell those who the hell are you people kid America grow up already get a freaking life I have no line stop it alone every time there's like a little nipple a little Oh my god the world's gonna come to an end Yeah, the end of the world is we knew it that happened that when I stole that first election in 2000 That was the end of the world as we knew it that was it finito Just ask all and did soldiers and Iraqis but don't forget we got those elections coming off Sunday Freedom John of March and then we're gonna have like freedom on a march in eight thousand other countries too big Mike in St. P says How can you forget you grant? I'm trying to he makes me gang, but that's a good choice. He's always he's always a huge grant same as somebody asked Britney every movie he makes me cute. I'm gonna do a big Mike let's all For the band Went one there, but splash it all over the place all over the floor Is another one for this is amazing and four lot of it. It'll says can we do Henry Winkler? We did that with it. He says John provoked that came to my mind, but I don't think so because he's been into one of the things like Right, he's bad in too many other things, but right right I mean, there was something different right It says there always be the funds in Vini Barbra, you know I really would Henry Winkler but John told me there been too many different things I believe that one will be I saw on TV. You actually liked him. What was that? He was a father that little kid. They were trying to like oh, I was on look who's talking. Yeah, that was pretty good He actually hasn't grown there. I couldn't believe it. In fact, I could try to say that's not round for all the job Yeah, he was pretty good. So he's been in that too many other things plus that plus his show was on I mean so was happy days but I don't know so long ago and nobody remembers that anymore, but we've been told the only one right else of note Funny what yeah Henry Winkler. I think he might have done what Richie coming him 21 till noon at five Six years nothing with union. You think everybody's yet now there are no gay people it's just a myth Okay, it's just something that the right wingers have made up just you know So they have a scapegoat because religion when I was scapegoat ain't worth a damn Man's little hair used to say religion without a helling worth a damn I say religion without a good scapegoat A worth a crap is what it ain't gotta have some scapegoat. Okay. I mean the thing with a need of brine and Alvin dark and all this other crap Startaway back 75 for crying how many years ago that is not turned many years and there's still a crap crap And there are pants with the same garbage. Okay, because they can't find another suitable scapegoat Used to be the dark folks, but that's not politically correct anymore So not the only ones you can bash out of faggot's and the non-believers the heathens the infidels Well, that sounds like what those crazy muscle 20 till noon at five 60 WCM. I get ready Josh. You haven't been on the M. or coast for quite a while. Josh is gonna make a reappearance our spot The M. or coast wants everyone to know that you can still enjoy lobster festivity Friday through Sunday night during lobster festiomo Coat will be serving Such a lansucy main lobster thermator and homemade lobster bisc Every night the amococers a lascan stone crab legs fresh oysters on a half shell stone crab claws and See cocktail if seafood is not for you. The amococest as the juiciest primer browner will cook a new or strip steak right order on their flaming grill on their Grill make sure to leave room for dessert at the new and amazing 40 in Chocolate fondue fountain where you can hand dip your own strawberries marshmallows another decadent treats Friday through Sunday nights. Oh, God Don't you just love different strawberries marshmallows in chocolate? Yeah, I do that Actually the amococest floor does number one agency food gourmet buffet is rated by the get restaurant review with three locations for you in sunrise sunny house beach and pepper pines for reservations call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven Two thirty twenty two head for the amococest of this weekend and dip it in chocolate On coland and Lane Jacksonville, Florida Chuck, you wait finally gave up Chuck enjoys marijuana, so you decided to accept pull Harvey suggestion he gave up He went to the phone he called me he ordered a bomb a Long that's a five years to smoke marijuana. I want you to hear this carefully because you're thinking about a Valentine's day present for somebody You love very much quote my marital one of long arrives Saturday and after I opened the box I was in shock my eyes were locked open wide my whole house was now a concert hall I went to the washroom and even from there. It sounded like a real live lady singing right outside the door quote with heat eating your ears you're downging out and tearing loose and pulling apart Belping air and tasting black your windpipe is closing and you've lost track of which way is out There's a searing Emperor down your neck search rescue ventilate somebody's same to kitten That a quote I'm listening to all my old CDs again because I have never really heard them before Now for that Valentine's day gift It's not too early for you to choose a bomb If you're anything that happy with it, I'll buy it back to locate your nearest dealer telephone 1-800 bomb 1125 at five sixty w q a m Hello, grossies got 51 looks like you I have a safe lead the dook is creeping up there, but not the way I thought he would you know I thought he goes zooming up there didn't you? I thought so oh Supreme court refuses to take governor's appeal in Shabuk What are we gonna do now fat ass governor in a crucial blow to efforts by governor Jav Bush our fat ass Lord of Governor Are they Florida legislature others to keep Terry Shabuk alive? The US Supreme Court yesterday refused to take up the governor's appeal in the case leaving the door open to the removal of the feeding tube This kept these severely brain damaged same to his woman alive for more than a decade But the legal battle is not over normally feeding tube likely be ruled soon. Shabuk's parents Robert and Mary Schindler Still an action pending in accord in clear water and an appeals court in the lakeland the Schindler say the daughter would want to continue living They've asked her husband they've asked to have her husband Michael Shabuk removed his a guardian They want to be given charge of Terry they've ought to continue to fight to keep her alive Michael Shabuk was bought and court to have the tube removed saying his wife was been diagnosed as being in a permanent vegetative state by doctors Will want to be not going to be kept alive in her condition next up is hearing Friday in a clear water corps Or I'm gonna request by Michael Shabuk's attorney to set aside a court order blocking rule of the feeding tube the case is drawn international attention And as they centerpiece me to made over the right to die or as others see if they're right to live When Florida courts ruled in Michael Shabuk's favorite the tube was removed They floored legislature quickly passed Terry's law in October 2003 allowing fat ass bush to order Shabuk was feeding tube reinserted nearly a week after was taken out Shabuk now 41 became brain damaged effort collapsing and suffering temporary heart failure in 1990 the judges ordered All the tube to remove removed grotto years of legal rambling putting her husband against the parents Florida Supreme Court ruled yesterday that Terry's law was an unlawed and breached of the separation of powers doctrine and that the governor legislature had no right to set aside judicial decisions The justice is also ruled that the law was an intrusion on Terry Shabuk's Constitutional right to privacy in other words letter diente so ready to cut the crap the governor appeal to the US Supreme Court That's your fat ass governor Jav bush the matter was now an and an end to the governor came Conor a Provided to be representing the governor in a case of yesterday after the Supreme Court turned on the hearing the case the matter was now at an end to the governor When you get that tube out there already in cut the crap if I give it to Rush you can use it now as his St. is backup As applicator tube He's gonna have a backup Rectome rush boy. Do we kick his ass in at the book or why? Yeah, nice going boys. Thank you 5 670 560 pound five 60 on a Verizon singular wireless line Who is there was the most tight cast actor or actress ever? WQAM hello Yes, sir Jack club man and who top edges from a different stroke Whoever that is okay. Thanks Jack clubman. Yeah. I'm coming. All right, all right Whose Todd bridges will us as it what you talking about with us? Oh, I don't know my other guy Oh, not will us from all in the family no Mr. Willis almost a role with a black wife right the weird Okay, that's enough. Well, I want to hear her Play See that's part of their whole sexist thing with America is that as great as he was there's no question He was like the centerpiece of that show she was like maybe only a half of the green behind He did right right and yet. Yeah When you talk about all the family we by talks R.C. bunker nobody really gives her much credit But she was so great. She was important That's just important but her acting performance was so sensational she was a fabulous man She had lived her both of the comedy lines to right Eat it. Yes, she did Oh the show anyway. I like mother Jefferson Tula. She was great Ted says this guy is so type Cassie Doesn't even know as real name and either to why but how about out one day for your expanding pool And what is his name? Edwardian. Edwardian. Perfect by the way I'm still ill from yesterday when he mentioned that Katie that's howl this bitch correct makes no But by the way, you're gonna get even sicker Ted He says 14 minute here. No, it's 16 million years. He's making over 38 grand a day seven days a week I'll be in my cube if you need me Plus he's working seven days a week. She's working five days like some of the rest of us So he's making probably about 50 gs a week a day whatever whatever it is disgusting Oh Bobby and Vernon there are sitting in tree K. I SS I and G. How you feel about that with the F that you see this? I don't know if you need the guy from Ernest goes to camp Ernest goes to jail the Vernon guy Where we did Mark Hamill a Luke Skywalker which I'm sure Bobby and Vernon both have the hats for Luke But who's the Vernon guy? I know who they're talking about Jim party. Is that his name? Yeah, he said oh, but he was typecast That's it. That was his franchise good Kevin said Winning typecast Reifector McCallie Colkin now. What was he typecasted Michael Johnson's boyfriend? I guess as a little kid as a little puppy Hold on to yeah, I got another one if we're gonna put people like that on there But about Robbie Benson right there to know you think he has that's right played the juboy because he is Jewish In fact his grandpa was the first to rabbi in Texas That's I was supposed to know that for some reason to keep bringing in that Robbie Benson's grandfather was the first rabbi in the state of Texas Okay, okay, so we won't put him on here, but McCallie Colkin fits Jackie Chan and your pocket Jackie Chan okay, and Leslie Nielsen From the airplane movies Yeah, he does all those he's always I mean I love Leslie Nielsen. He's one of the greatest one of the funniest and a good Canadian boy But I would agree with that. He's always the goofball. Yeah, he's done a whole bunch of those. He's good Leslie Nielsen is to wear five six seven oh five sixty how many names can we get on it? It's not even noon yet. I bet you we could get like a several thousand about thousand names on there wouldn't be great. So every time you go to vote you're gonna have to scroll down scroll And scroll it'll keep you off the streets keep you out of trouble. I don't forget why you're scrolling Start Roman Elector we got three fine photos of Carmen Lector. I don't take anybody out there unless they're really Yeah, with even those of us who are no okay. Yeah Oh, I agree Comed Elector three photos today now. Who we got tomorrow? You tell me I got the list here somewhere We're going five four three two one Oh, there's the Johnny Carson thing he was a tomorrow. We got an accord of holia Okay, the I am actually in Jolie on the Thursday and Carmeladitch's out he deceives you're again on Friday You can't touch Carmeladio. Most you want to desperately badly WQA and hello Grand Palmas aluus Good one. Okay, thanks aluus from the Howard Sterns. I mean the monsters. Yeah, Louis grandpa. He's great. He's also gay WQA and hello QAM Yeah The guys on carot kids Ralph something Ralph Machio Yeah, as in Kines, my Smaccio. Okay, thanks Ralph Machio. That's all he was puky little kid You got married when he was about 13 years old. He's got 10 kids. Actually, he's got a dirty but he just looked like it was 13 Bob Bird man. He's got a bad compulsion Yeah, he was in what was the guy's name who played the instructor the karate instructor who was Pat Marita. Yeah, Pat Marita. When you want to put him on there is here like type cast is he's a karate instructor And he's been in like several movies always plays the same group ball pat right up. Okay. He said no coming Rita Oh, you're love this what we don't like this a lot the Supreme Court ruled yesterday that police can have dogs check on motorers vehicles for drugs Even if no officers have even if officers have no special reason suspect the legal activity just on a whim you know pull over to the side of the road My pit bull here wants to sniff your ass The six to two opinion written by just his John Paul Stephen stipulates police dogs may sniff only the outside of a car after Motorist is lawfully stopped for a traffic violation such as speeding or failing the stop at a stop sign But privacy rights advocate said the ruling would lead to far more traffic stops as a way to find drugs Thrubs they also warn that the decision could open up the door to more expansives or just from sniff inside the vehicle Oh God who the hell farted in here to see that's what I think if you see them come up with one of those police dogs If they stop here for one on a stop sign or something then just just tilt a little bit and just let out You know I can't make those sounds anymore, but not that's automatically right exactly Probably wouldn't spare one anyway, so instead of holding it in to be polite just let it loose the doll will hit my dad and run like hell I'm starting making howling sounds and just run off the leash and start heading on the road from sniff inside the vehicle The chance of cars parked along sidewalks and pedestrians on the street. Oh, yeah, you're walking down the street Hey, oh, we got our pit bull right here. We'd like to have them sniff your Recto rivets or something because you look like a drug you to me before Monday's ruling is Supreme Court Authorized drug dogs primarily to sniff luggage air force now they're gonna be sniffing all over the place The use of dogs is intimidating said Harvey Grossman and attorney with the ACLU in Chicago Thousands of motorists have called complaining about suddenly finding the curse surrounded by policemen and drug dogs Now no one to say from this major intrusion into our lives and man and maybe that likes some takeout in a car Maybe got some canola from Doris markets and chocolate canolas and the dogs that and all of a sudden like a tax to think Start eating your damn dessert right? Maybe you got takeout from Wendy's in there dog sniffing like a pause open the bag like he's having like a triple cheese with bacon and onions And you may be laughing but I've said it at that little dog a mind one time there was a Plate with a pizza slice into four slices on a table in my living room and that damn dog picked up one slice of man down a hallway with a slice in his mouth And he wasn't delivering either Can you can you have picked you that I got it above mine? Yeah, Illinois attorney general Lisa Madigan Who argued the case called the ruling of victory for law enforcement in the war on drugs the use of canine unit self-IP his battle is in Dispensible she said I'm saying what it is unacceptable and uncomfortable and unconstitutional the case involved Well, this is the Supreme Court. Oh, sorry this constitutional allow mister the case involves Raka Bice who was stopped I Illinois police 1998 for driving six miles an hour of a dispute limit what I'd joke six miles an hour of a dispute limit Although he'd lawfully produced his driver's license troopers brought over a drug dog after noticing Air freshener in the car and noticing the cabal disappeared nervous The dogs indicated drugs were in the truck and police search and even though he refused to give permission They found a quarter million dollars worth of marijuana cabalas was convicted of drug trafficking The verdict was thrown out by the Illinois Supreme Court which rule the search was improper because police had no particular reason Suspect cabalas had drugs air freshener if everybody's got air freshener's got drugs in the car, man There's a lot of drugs out there. Where did how are they and his opinion Stevens reversed the state court rolling saying the intrusion into cabalas privacy was too minimal to invoke constitutional protection a dog sniff during a Conceivedly lawful traffic stuff that reveals no information other than the location of a substance that no individuals got any right to possess There's not finally the fourth amendment Stevens road and they descent just as Ruth Bader Ginsburg full-sisted to Arneganberg He won what she called the broadening of police search power saying the use of drug dogs will make routine traffic stops Longer and more adversarial, she was joined to her descent by Justice David Souter the court has long held the traffic Staff should be brief since police use them often as a pretext to question motorists about other suspected legal activity Critics argued that authorities now will have lied power to check car with our consent even a police dog proved me wrong about the presence of drugs It might have just been a smelly or rotten big Mac Under today's decision every traffic stop could become an occasion to call in the dogs To the distress and embarrassment of the law-biting population against bird growth sighting the danger that police could soon connect to suspicionless dog at company drug sweeps of park cars or car stopped at red lights Just sit right there at the light. We got the the dog squad is gonna come and sniff your thing. How do you like that? That's an America baby King gold You'll find Miami court moderators This did change me I like to relax my having very Magdalene massage my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers Welcome, we're now All right Alpado Alpado And This I Got a fun feeling If you want me to inject If we take out all those maniacs So I'm singing out kinda up Out kinda up I'm full of damn times I'm out kinda up I'm gonna go on my phone Drop, drop, on now Blow, on my phone Drop, on my phone I'm out kinda up Anyway Out kinda up Out kinda up Ready, aim, fire Out kinda up Blow, on my phone Drop, on my phone Drop, on my phone Drop, on my phone Blow, on my phone Out kinda up Do a game Out kinda up Out kinda up Out kinda up Jack Go for three, five, six, seven, seven, seven, seven I've heard a Stevenson for the Mad Dogger 2 The same Mad Dogger, not one to all over do it Well, how are David who's already over doing it for it? Seven, seven, ten He can't turn a clock That's our schedule No ball games, no follow-up, all just a A master of slate Is what it is Here's some good news Well, I mean not really good news, but a little least a respite from the insanity A majority of US communications regulators have loaded to deny viewer complaints that ABC television stations violated in decency rules Well, they aired them with a saving private Ryan last November Saving Ryan's private last November FCC officials said yesterday Three of the five commissioners on the US federal communications commission, the FCC and C, have loaded to deny complaints against 159 ABC affiliates Then aired the award-winning film said the official arrest not to be named because the vote was not completed The movie which includes profanity and violence told a story about the allied invasion of normality during WWII And ran on Veterans Day 66 ABC affiliates refused to show them a week for a fair of a track-in-indeeds and C fine Fear, that's what it's all about, the fear factor Now they will fear you Warnings were aired throughout the broadcast about the content The ABC network owned by a Walt Disney company ran the movie twice before and didn't encourage FCC penalties, but that was back in the day before freedom of speech was a thing over the past And even back then it wasn't so great The FCC edition would become final once remaining two commissioners cast their votes Separately the FCC also yesterday we checked at 36 complaints The TV stations violated decency limits by wearing episodes of popular shows like Friends and the Simpsons as well as the movie Austin Powers, the spy who shagged me The parents television counsel there they are again Got it? I got it The parents television counsel I complained about to show a sexual references Like an episode of Friends on NBC where character discussed a cake in the shape of a penis Another complaint said it on Fox's The Simpsons show where students carried signs that said don't cut off my panty-simo Oh my god, grow up already get a life I have got a life you parents television counsel crazy people Yeah, the group also said in decency rules were violated when the main character in the Austin Powers will be hit His dendels hidden by furniture and other objects Well, okay, so next time they'll show what they won't hide his dendels between the behind furniture or other objects That's right, but the FCC denied the complaints by the parents television counsel Which has been pushing regulators to crack down on broadcasts lawmakers to raise fines now 325 per incident 325 hundred We find that another material reference in PTC's complaints rises to the level of being patently offensive under our indecency definition The FCC said in its order the agency also said the material was not profane Dodge darn it a representative for the organization said the FCC was only going after a stream cases The FCC is only dealing everything in decentness way over the top said Laura Mahini a spokesman for the PTC We know of no community in America words like deep blank blank K or a deep blank blank K H E A D will be considered decent or common for a language Unless of course they're talking about the vice president's first name or about his behavior Those vulgarities were aired on the program's Dawson's Creek on the Warner Brothers the WV television never worked on by time and Warner Inc And YPD blue and ABC federal regulations limit TV and radio stations varying and be some materials such as a yadiyani Alcina It's just a small group of self-appointed sensors or in some cases one individual in a community not to mention a specific names of our mentioned old people who have decided that they're going to be a pain in the air And just constantly keep complaining and the filing complaints and objecting and they're supposed to determine for the other medium people what we can see what we can hear what we find offensive yadiyani and a partridge in the pear tree And there's a special place in hell where these people will all rot make no mistake about that Oh, this is kind of a cute thing that's suggesting for a new poll people are still alive but look dead Right and look at who they suggest. I mean talk about this respectful Larry King Yeah, maybe you can join Johnny pretty soon even waxing very we had a lot of panels yet in the band didn't see it McMan last time. It's fine. Pretty good mood Yeah, I was just about an emergency sneezing there. Oh, man. I'll play it's not awful when you get that I did in between spot Yeah, but I didn't do that. I'll play it. I would have been gross to see something here. Here's what we got in the poll so far. This is if the halfway point of the show Because I don't want people calling it with the same ones we got on here and then I'll say well, you never read the poll list You're right. That's a good point. You see your damn if you do and you'd damn if you know if you read the poll they list and the vote too often All you keep reading the polls boring and if you don't know how he's supposed to know is on it. We don't tell us what it is. You know right right So here we go. Who is or was the most type type cast actor actor server? Bella Lagusie 56 Charles Bronson 33 Leonard Nimoy 26 Boris Carl off 25 John Wwell 22 Adam West 15 arm's Schwarzenegger and Edward G. Robinson 14 apiece Bill Shattner's got 13 Bob then Merlevin Joe peshi 10 Michael Richard's nine Erica Strodis six sliced alone and I'm Sandra very cool man. We went to Bob the Nero 4 piece Hugh Grant Steven Siga Mark Hamill Linda Blair burn trial Peter Fox 3 apiece at O'Neill Bruce Lee Clint Eastwood David's half an asshole off friend pressure Barbara Eden George Reeves Superman. Birdward Max bear David Cassidy Peter seller double the pair One for Woody Allen Raymond Burr Elizabeth Montgomery Don Adams Dennis Franz Melissa Jordan Hart Fred Gwyn James Ernest and none yet none zero for Pat Marita Ralph Machio Al Lewis Leslie Neilson Jackie Chan McCulley Cullton is still soften June for an ejaclugman Tom produced JJ Walker John Club Van Dam Vin Diesel Robert Williams on Cheney Jr Mike Myers-Curler Connor Irene Ryan Carol How do you like that? Well, no, what do you make of that? Boy, no way. The people must have seen in the heat of the night because it was on certainly after the all in the family sure. Okay, well, what I mean like okay if you don't agree that's fine. We just think that some of your full crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he Verizon and Siga to ride us lines How many Q a m hello? Yes sir. Are you? I think it's time to vote. W Q a m hello. We don't talk to people in the room closet. Okay talking to a Campbell suit can. Q a m. Yes sir. They all I got two pull ideas for you. You got a pair pull ideas. Okay great. Maybe we can do tomorrow's full right here now. Okay, the first one your listeners won't like because they can't call in with their silly comments. Oh, that's it. The original B. Outlaw yesterday. Oh, right. And the second one is who what entertainer, you know singer actor whoever has done more for human rights, you know like mother and Brando with unions and you know they'll go like that's they can call in and say names. Has done the most for human rights. Yes, civil rights human rights. We're entertainer. Well, how long is that list going to be? I don't I can't go up with a couple. Yeah. I mean I'm sure there's a ton. There are. Yeah. Get a third. We'll put our thinking camp on. Thanks a lot, family. See, pretty weak. How many of your friends? Yeah, he needs to get a start. Besides that moral of bread. Yeah, I mean with the Indian. I mean just because he went up there in the year. We've used the Oscar when he started a hock and about the Indians, you know. Maybe he's talking about the Cleveland and his probably in that Indian chick. Actually he didn't go up there right right. It was his daughter. I guess who shot or saw. It was his daughter. The Indian daughter. Oh, he has an Indian daughter right in the know that. Well he did. She started. I thought he wanted to send beefle up there. The Winnie song out about that. He said not a good idea. Beefle was on for Joe Rose this morning. The verdict around town is holy crap. What was that? Well that's always a pretty good idea. Gonna put the gun on seven to ten at night. So the first two days. I guess that's the way to introduce him to more people. The fact that Joe is the only one to go with not even silver there on seven 90. So they put him out in the morning for two days. And then he's going to be on seven to ten at night. See, I'm a strong believer. Put the people in their time. So I'm not going to be on a long day. For example, day we got Curtis Stevenson in Mad Dog spot, which is even a spot we want him in. Then we got Mohour David it in Mad Dog's desires five four to seven, which we don't want him in any spot from what I'm hearing. And then we got guilty at seven to ten. Which you know, but that's going to be quite a. What could be a great contest? It's the battle of the former worst team people. It'll be guilty at least seven to ten in that seven ten slide of night against default. I absolutely want a pub. I don't blame you with stiff competition like that. You're a good person to be a little ruggish. And loosely on by sixty in and. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Oh, welcome back to the out. The out. Thank you. I am. Of course. The one and only. Out. Crank it. Up. Where broadcasting. The crime from the site of what used to be. The. Toots. Chores. Restaurant on West. Fifty seconds straight. A former watering hole for many famous celebrities. Such as Gerald Moore. And Carl Ballantine. Well, now. I'm not talking about. I'm not talking about. I only welcome you to stop by and say hello to one of my interns. I'm not thinking for. I'll put you in. See what that guy did. So go ahead. Here. Chock. I love this town. So I should tell you about my latest weekly book that I had my staff of 20 worship being in church right for me. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. I was in church. Oh, we have a very strong break here. We'll be back with more really great deal. 12 17 in the final 60. To pretty stiff composition there from Al Franken and Skier America. For the one point. Oh, yeah. And that keep in mind, two thirds, that was before the election. October November, or at least during that period of time. So you can only imagine one number of skier America's going through when you're like starting now. And American thick and hostage last year is shown to me for his life in a newly released video tape, but the video offers no clues as to when Roy Halm's Capers made the video, or whether he's still alive. And the video, a rifle barrel, is just inches from Halm's head as he says he worked with a American forces and was arrested by a resistance group in Iraq. Halm's and followed this were taken hostage in attacking Baghdad's Alman Surneber, or November 1. A security guard in one of about 20 attackers died in the gun battle. The kidnappers later released four captives, but kept Halm's in Filipino account Robert Tarngoy, Tarngoy. Also, it's worked for a Saudi-based company. The US State Department confirmed it in December the Halm's a 50-60-year-old father of two was taken. Halm's visibly nervous makes no demands in the 60-second video, but as for a help so I can be released as quickly as possible from this definite death. I'm not asking for any help from President Bush because I know of his selfishness and unconcern for those who've been pushed into this hellhole. He says, I'm asking for help from Arab rulers, especially President Mohm Arkinopi because he knows we're helping those who are suffering. He said, he also said, I'm dying out of the air. I don't, as the things are really going along very just stiffy. All we're flying, whatever to rack. And it's really interesting because they showed like about the minute of 10 Kennedy speech. They're continuing to miss nine hours. This anti-kind of leaves and stuff. And keep thinking of myself, you know, all of this is true. All of this was still true back before the end of the election, you know? But somehow you didn't get all of this across too well. Why? Especially especially, you're off on Kennedy. Yeah, the senator, the other senator from Massachusetts. How do you say that? Careful. Lee, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon, Sing it around a slime. WQA, and hello. WQA and hello. Oh, ah. Going once. Well, yes. I got one for your pole. Okay, go ahead. Mr. T. Mr. T, can't get more time passed. Don't make me mad. WQA and hello. Ah, hi. Four miles checking in. Okay, let's go to four miles just checking in right now. I feel so bad for you. How are you doing? I'm doing all right. Listen to you. Do the static. All right. I might have to add the dot not to your list. Excellent choice. I don't think anybody is more queer ascent as far as that list would go. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palin. Good luck to you over there. You'll need it. Okay. Thanks. That's four miles where we used to be on the Beasley Station over there. And then they dropped all of us because they decided they could put on some broken programming a couple of preachers, a couple of stock market peddling, a phony baloney zon air. So we're not on over there anymore. Have been for a long time for two, three years. Anyway, let's see how happy they are. And they're very pleased about that because then they can't hear us ripping them and ask them if they can joys the answer to you deserve so badly. And the Beasley's for being a bunch of no-spick and mugwums who belong up in a tree with a banjo and deliverance. Can't hear that because that would get them really upset. Of course, if we signed those documents that Hank was talking about this morning, they could be fired at it and for that stuff. Because we don't want to cause any, you know, and if you could have heard the wording, I wish to know how I would have had the copy of what they were proposing. Oh, you would have believed it. You wouldn't have believed it. You wouldn't have believed. I never seen it. I mean, Norma Reddit. I know. Maybe he saved it. Oh, brother. About how we had a contribute to a behavior had to be conducive to a new memory of a, uh, for most of our Monius, our harmonious workplace and, uh, where, oh, my God. What did I say? Most of those people over there never went inside our building. Yeah. Okay. Harmonious workplace, my ass. I can't even sing. God. And how do I do that when I'm not even there most of the time? Thank God. Thank goodness. Thank God. Oh, brother. I wouldn't survive it. If I had to be there, I never would survive it. Does he want to think it's keeping me alive? Is not being there. What's certain? What the crazy people? Somebody QA and I. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Good. Yeah. I got a great one for the poll. Yes. Roddy McGow from planet of the eight. Uh, no. No. No. He was in a city and other movie. I was in a lot of room. Drift. Vampire movie. I don't know. No. I mean, I'm not a guard. Badger. Not even close. Oh, we're right. I mean, I was all gay. Oh, right. Are there any straight people in Hollywood anymore? What? No, you're not. You're only the disown of the gay. And the suspected. Other than that, forget about it. What was already as Marlon Brando? I'm sorry. 560560, pound five 60, only Verizon and SIGITORALISLINE. How many QA and hello? Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, and I called about the poll. I had a question on Car Mower. So you don't come up before I get to that. But I said, you know, the Lenny show Lenny and D show. What's that show called? The one that you kind of make fun of, by the way, Tom. Lenny Martens? Yeah, Lenny Martens. Right. Um, they QA and basically all of these are all. They're all like, yeah, let's take a call. I want to talk to Miami. Call budget at 3.05. 8.71. 3.0. Thank you. Yeah. I think it sounds like George Jefferson's stuff. Exactly what he sounds like to me anyway. No, but yeah. I know the oil and the rest thing when, was it the beast I guess whoever it is. He's like me and Lenny and Lenny goes to the Lenny and I. No, I don't know. Yeah. I'm an interesting. He's a real linguist. I think he has that one. But that's scholar. This, this kind of melody. Cheers. Absolutely gorgeous. But Neil, I've never heard you react over a woman like this particular woman. What, what is it about her? That like compared to Combo, Elektra? No, no, I mean, you know, if you're wrong about that to Carmen Lector photos and I rave about those when we had him on the other side. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you did. I mean, she's she's to me. She's about as close to perfection as you can get. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. I like Carmen Lector too, but I think of, you know, Dennis Rodden's real and the pilot hole and that's it. No, I'll just say that. No, no. Oh, okay. Bye. Ha ha ha. Yeah, he brings up a bit of a point that I dumped in anyway. I think your closet had a rope. Yeah, right. Oh, I got a queer eye for the, uh, hot, the chicks. What can I say? Yeah. So I mean, look, people who don't have any hangups about their own sexuality, they can be objective. Okay. So this business like like 95% of guys, this great guys were, oh, I don't know. But with God, couldn't tell you your full of crap. That's what I say. If I put a, if I put two plates on your dinner table and I put a beautiful rib eye steak on one and I put about a pound of dog crap on the other one. Oh, well, I can't tell which one looks better. It's just a matter of being able to see. It's just a matter of having a aesthetics. Yeah, it's a matter of deer's. Senses work. Okay. Now that doesn't mean everybody's going to have the same taste. But there are some people who are beyond, uh, cool. There's no question. Like Tom Brady, when he saves all light, smooths off, which he's doing at football. So I would, which is okay. Uh, when he saves off all the stuff, I'm going to, could anybody debate that he's a good looking guy? Josh? Huh? Yeah. See what I mean? Right there. That's exactly my point. I've never seen it. Get out of here. He's right. He's right in the wall behind you. There was a picture of Tom Brady with all his flashing 84 teeth. He's got as many teeth as a panoramic keys. Just the one with a shirt open over here. Now, it's a newspaper thing. The mad dog needs that to me a long time ago. It's the one in the wall. He's wearing a helmet. No, behind you. He's got like a suit on. He's not on the wall back there. Well, he, he's not on the wall back there. Well, he then, well, better be on the wall back there. Or I'm going to be down there like, uh, by seven o'clock color. Oh, right. Is that like white picture? Right. That's him. Yep. He's ready to have to. He's a great looking guy. And I Josh Cortis can't tell because he doesn't know. He's obviously, uh, you know, sexually confused. How could he not answer the question? Okay. Can't still turn away. I'm confused. No, I answer the question. What do you want me to say? Is that a case? It's a good looking guy. Okay. Yeah. I mean, what? You see what I mean? You made my point. It's just unbelievable. Like, like, I have a conference on this and see what's the reaction from the father's going to be. I'll be depending on what you say. He's a very handsome young man. Who can't see that? See, even a mad dog knows that. Hey, that's right. Yeah. Even a young, young, young. What is his life? Right. He has a stunt. There you go. Got to argue. If we got to argue about Tom Brady, how about somebody who's Marginal, who's like, uh, you know, he's like, kind of borderline. Right? How about Johnny Depp? Is he a good looking guy? Yes. Josh? Yeah. Sure. Okay. Let me, are there any good looking guys? I don't know. Man, I'm not really, uh, no. They're not in here. You don't know. See, I can ask for a better man. This made exactly the point that I was making. Okay. We believe you. You don't know. Okay. Well, I'll draw you. I'll send you some pictures. Okay. Oh, my God. Why would I lunatic when I'm maniac? See, the day we find out two things about Josh, court. This number. What? He's a compulsive gambler. He's stood away on a cruise ship so he can get on a plunger's go out of the sea. He'll found that out from Hank. Number two, he's like, uh, maybe a closet case or something. Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, how is it possible that anybody could be in such not just denial, but like stubborn hysterical denial, like if you admitted that you could recognize, I mean, can you recognize an ugly guy, you know? What do you mean? Like, I'm supposed to walk that ship. Like, that's a really good looking guy. Oh, but you can't, you have supposed to be thinking that, but you can't tell like this guy's talking about my reaction to the pictures of Carmella this season. Okay. And there's no doubt that she's an absolute hot number. She's beautiful. She's a pristine man. She's gorgeous. Well, already, yes, we've all Tom Brady. You guys got millions. He's once and two. I'm not sure if you have any money. Yeah, is there, can you play football? I'm asking you, what does he look like? What does he look like? Okay. Does he look like Mortimer Snurr? Does he look like Robert Greeper? Does he look like Maddie Bell? Okay. Let me ask you this. Okay. Here you go. I'll give you easy one. Who's better looking? Miguel back in promotions or Maddie Bell? Okay. Think about it during the break. Okay. I'm going to ask you to do one half under bones. And there's a voice better looking thing about you. Oh, it's a time. Jesus. This is the best. This is the best day of my life. I've rest my case. I'll use sexually insecure heteros. Oh, I don't know. I'm almost lost. Yeah. Right. First of all, I'm a flooring crapping your pants because he's a good looking guy. It's threatening, isn't it? It's threatening. On the eighth pass, look at the answer from Josh on the other side of the break. Maybe he's still, he's thinking about it. No, these things. That's great. Oops, sorry. Armstrong Ford vice president general, man. Were David Rich called us couple weeks ago to tell us that he's overstocked with Mustang. He said that Armstrong Ford will win it out. Blowout, these new 2005, six-year-old, or Mustang's for a little 17-9. That's a savings of over 3,500 bucks. Plus, they got a couple of 2,000,000 form models. Let them get this. Let them go for just 12,000, 499, original MSRP on these was 18, 60. Figured out. And they say, over 5,600 bucks on these fantastic, now-stang. Great deals plus Armstrong Ford will include as they always do. Tyres and batteries for life with each vehicle purchase. Can't be the will of the stick. Great prices added value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong difference. When you're ready for a new vehicle, come to believe it. I've treated just like family. Armstrong Ford Holmes said you'll find him at South West 307-3-new S1. Exit a Campbell drive out of the turn pipe. Price is an include, all factory rebates in discounts with a credit-plus tax tag and fees. More than 70,000 more budgets. And exclusively on 560,000 and... Well, this is an extreme makeover. We look like Harry Grant. We arrive. Makeover. This is phenomenal. Stephen Hawking. Wow. I am Stephen. It's... We arrive for the genius guy. This look is frightening. Help me look for something. He is officially in nervous wreck. He got a lot of things to write and have a lot of things to write. He's running around and all the wrong things locked the right thing. Let's do it. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And we're not. If you have this more hands than you look already. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Alright, let's have a little coming out for a moment. I'm sure it's pretty good. You'll know what it's been for. We're just, oh, look at you. Alright. And cast it. I feel stupid. He looks like a movie star. I don't like this make-dress. We arrived for the genius guy. He looks amazing. It's going to be high five. You're probably my dad. You're holding out my great dad. It's freaking out. It's pretty true. 28 to 1. I'm head for a full regrettable. So what's the answer? We come up with a conclusion. I wish better looking guy. I know they're in the stood McGill and they don't write next to each other. Yeah, and he's still there. He's still thinking about it. He's still a gentleman. And that's first exam in that closely, by the way. I'm talking about, like, from the neck up as well as head in mind. Sorry. Yeah. Me too. 560, 560, 560, and the 45th sentence. And singular wireless lines. W-A-M-L. 10-2-K. 10-2-K. Z-U-Pits, yeah. Okay. How about the Elijah Pits? How about Hermione Gingold and Hans Conread? Must be Book of Brian's boyfriend. 560, 560, and the Verizon and Seek at a wireless time. Who is or was the most typecast actor or actress ever? I'm not going to do it either one of those. I'm practically seeing. See what I'm trying to do now is stay at the head on these poles. Right. See that one about who would be famous now if they would have managed to stay alive. That's like what we did the other day. Right. About how people had become more famous after they did this guy. It's been off on the same crap. Although, look at this. Oh yeah, that's right. We just, we did that one. Historical event. Can you believe? Somewhere ahead of a holistic poles. You have no idea. This is the most challenging thing. There's the Elijah the High Kings with Jared Lito. I wrote that down because I couldn't keep thinking of the name of that movie. Where he was running around naked. By the way, Jared Lito was a pretty good looking guy. Josh just in case you're making a compounding list. That was obviously can't figure it out for yourself. Jared Lito. You know who that is? Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Oh, here it is. Yeah, I got some good ones. Here we go. Thanks Scott. Thanks Scott and Holly. Would thank God for him. Let's see. Four years times five is 20. We have about like 4,000 more poles to do. Oh, do you want to do a QA in? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I have his girlfriend or wife or whatever he has around. Like which guy would he rather have her around Brad Pitt or Forced car loft, you know? Right. Yeah. That's right. He needs some pointers like this because obviously he's having a very difficult time coming to grips with this. Exactly. I got one for the list too. Yes sir. Listen to me now. I'll believe you. He must put on all the list. I think on the list, isn't he Josh? Yes. I'm in silence. Thank you so much. Okay. Five six and I think no matter how we phrased it or... I got it. I got it. If you were an uh, horrible accident, you know, reconstruct and served it was going to show you a gallery of faces to turn your Zenzu. Who would you choose? You asking me? Oh, yes. Okay. That's saying, you know, put it right back together to the way it was. Yeah. There's a happy young man. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Welcome to QAM Hello. Yes sir. How about P. We time it? We got it. Sure we put it really on there. Come to QAM Hello. Okay. Is it timecast? Yes. Okay. I want the lines of Adam Sandler. He got Ben Stiller with the FitB Tart. Oh yeah. Can Ben Stiller leave us a limp or can't handle him? It's the same guy every time. Yeah. Right. Time Ben Stiller. Thanks a lot, colleagues. I planed Jewish kid. It's like Jerry Still is son. That's what he placed. It does a good job of that. I don't like you like him? No. Oh. 560 pound 560 on the Verizon Shingon Ararat line. I know we did that before but that's a good pull too. Let me just market that. What actor actually, how do we phrase it? In other words, if you know that somebody is in a movie, who would prevent you from going to Syria? We haven't done that. Right. How do we say that? Keep you from a movie. Keep you from a movie. What actor or actress? Okay. I'm just making a little note because if I don't write these down, you don't meet with my advanced age. Although I do remember Floyd Ben and Bull Jr. WDQAM Hello. What are you doing in front of him? Frank Lincere is also in Felix Quart. WDQAM Hello. Yeah. And you're my guardian. Yes sir. Hey, family with us. And Charles Goans and Ray, uh, Jim Taylor. Yes sir. I want for your poll today. Yeah. Burned Troyer. Me neither. Already on there, pal. But a good one. Thank you. And don't forget race time. WDQAM Hello. I am Neil. Yes sir. I got a name for your poll. Okay. John Hall. Ha ha ha ha. He always calls John. Yeah. He always says with John Holmes. John Holmes is fine for the poll yesterday for our poll. So to speak, but not for today. We're talking actors, necklaces. Not for. I mean, if somebody's in a porn star, obviously they're typecast. Okay. Come in. I'll say Ron Jeremy. And I can say about that in the middle of lunch hours. Oh, yeah. Hey Ron, believe me. Registres Harry and Fatten discussing in person as you are in film. You are disgusting. Jesus. And he actually took a install. He took Umbridge without that day. Remember? He was insulted. That would be like somebody calling Jeff High fat. And he would be like blocking off in the corner and pounding. Oh, really? Yeah. WDQAM Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Pretty good. I've got the unbeatable winner for the poll. Okay. The king. Elvis Presley. The most tight cast. Oh yeah. Those movies, man. We're talking to you yesterday. Good one. Thank you. The king. Got it? Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Who's not this audience? Johnny. I just can't get over the fact that I was doing that on Friday. It's just not a good idea. I just have that power. I can't even. The fire starter was that little thing? With a little girl at who's the girl at the very moment? You're very more. She was a little girl back then. So he's the first starter. And of course if you pissed her off, I look out. Dancing. Same thing in the Omens. Yeah. And while an Omens part two. Right? What about it? No, it was the same thing. You don't want to piss that little kid off. You see, it would make evil things happen. They'd make up music, start, then you're in trouble. Oh yeah. That's the one I'm using. That's the one I'm using. I'm going to go one at five, 60, WCM. That thing would Josh, man. That was so perfect. You couldn't have stayed did better. But I know Anna was for real. See, and answering your question with a business about his own face. That's a perfect way to evade the questions. To evade the obvious. He's got an incredible unbelievable complex about such things. It's almost scary. I mean, why is it? I have no problem telling the Carmelo this season. It was beautiful and flawless. And by the name of the one on the off on her bones, I have no interest. It's that big metithing to be a heterosexual in case he don't know. Oh, I see. That all depends. Now, if you were here, you might think differently. The twenty-two. Yeah. Twenty-two one at five, 60 WCM. He'd have here less than fifty grand last year than poor Josh courters. No one or he's a mind is so messed up. He don't have like three nickels to rub together. Probably lost it all because he didn't know anyway. If the answer is yes, if he may just pitens last year than his time for career change, if he made pennies, also some by pitens. Pick up the protocol fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. And these folks can really give you the training you need to get you a new high paying career. And again, we also have to go into this as little as four months. Fast train offers high demand high pay career training. If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train. The demand for computer professionals is in all time high. And fast train like I said can't be trained already do it in no time at all. They got locations in Kendall Miami, Pembert Pies and Ford Loverdale, fast train offers job placement financially for those who qualify as well. The evening weekend classes are forming right now. So pick up that phone, get out of your did and drop, and start working in a career that will provide you with a real paycheck and a real life. Call fast train toll free one eight six six fast train. Call fast train toll free one eight six six fast train. Call fast train toll free one eight six fast train. What do we really rather have the problem with? What? Locked up in the Republican Palmer. For now, Vermont, I can't get any down there. It's an happy thing for those friends. Yes, what did you really rather have the homework? We can get away with naming the vehicle like that because we're a giant of human dollar corporation with the first friends. We're a special leader of the Republican will parent always want to do. So get out of the line with these top living toilets. We do really rather have the problem with the Democratic Governor. The rest of the party's president, I'm on the way. The Republican that they quit. It's 1244 or 1601 and 560 WDQ. I've got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Doggon too. How are David? I was five poppy to the man is four and then we got guilty of seven tonight. Call out the in Canton Show. guilty of seven. It'll be like Don and go and do heaven. WQ. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I got one for the poll. Okay. Mark Hammond. Mark Hall. Hammond. Hammond. You always plays a homo movie. Yeah. Mark Hammond. Is he like him to my Hammond cars? Yes. Okay. Get a life smart. WQ. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I got one for you. Okay. Stuart Margotus. Mark Gollen. Yeah. Margotus. Angel. Okay. Robert. You know who that is? Stuart Margotus. Margotus. I'm the only one. But I hear he's a pretty good looking guy. So better put him on there. See what we got. It says another good choice. He's riding a danger field. Really funny guy. But I always played his stand-up. Character and every movie he was in. Rodney Dangerfield. Don't get no respect. I like actually a few animals of a sunny year. Don't get any respect. Except on payday. To allow you a brochure yet. You're a question here. I haven't. Totally. Why you probably five on a horse somewhere. Maybe somebody will pass one along. Every Burman in the nation writes after it's highly touted on bailing. President Bush's faith based initiative is proceeded largely under the radar. But lack of attention hasn't sealed in the program's constitution of questionability or its brutal effectiveness. In 2003, according to the White House data reported by the LA Times, Bush rolled out a billion dollars to hundreds of faith-based groups through a little note of the executive order. More importantly, the Bush administration used the grants to sway influential African-Americans in key battle around states and reward long time political supporters of taxpayer expense. For example, after the Reverend Herbert Lustus II delivered the invocation of the 2000 Republican Convention, his Philadelphia Church received a million dollars in federal funds. Bishop Harold Ray, who offered the invocation of the rally for Dick Taney and Palm Beach, at 1.7 million for his south-load of industry. In 2002, Bush personally visited Milwaukee's Bishop Sedgwik Daniels who loaded for Clinton and Gore and later awarded him a one-and-a-half-minute dollar grant. This fall, Daniels faced a period on Republican party flyers in Wisconsin, endorsing Bush's a man who shares our views. The faith-based initiative likely played a crucial role in increasing Bush's take at the black vote, especially in targeted swing states. Suddenly enough, the campaign held grant writing workshops in St. Louis and September when Missouri was still in play in Miami, October. Moreover, a set of theories actually how much money money is going where. The recent White House data concludes a caveat that it represents all grants. Even the Reverend Sun Young Loone's cult of unification church has received funding, and House Republicans allegedly blocked the Maccret Chet Edwards from investigating the money flow. When the initiative's first director, John DeUlio resized after six months on the job, he called the White House policy makers, Maybur and Mackey or Vellies, who consistently talked in acted as if the height of political sophistication, considered reducing aviation with simplest black and white terms for public consumption, then stealing legislative initiatives are a policy proposal as far-right as possible. Bush plans to highlight the initiative in knowing how we did, and a stadium address, and we introduced the expanded legislation before the New Republican Congress. The number one Maybur and Mackey Vellie keeps confusing wholly work with partisan data. There we did there. The window care about that because we absolutely know where they're coming from. They're coming from the Lord, man. They are divinely inspired these folks. God told them to do it, right? Go up there and spread freedom of Shonda march all over the place. That's correct. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Towns I don't think anybody's going to catch Vellie House John Wayne doing this. He's moving up at all or what? Vellie's got 65. Charles Bronson 34. And the Duke has moved into the third place. Oh, their place time with Boris Carlog. Ever seen together? Same guy. Big tall guy. WQA M. Hello. Good afternoon. Hello. WQA M. Hello. No, I got one for you. God mean here when you get to do is a father. Ever good day, mate. Paul Hogan. Paul Hogan. Paul Hogan. Who is a father? What did that man just say? I don't know. He said Paul Hogan. Yeah, I heard that and good day, mate. Okay, good day, mate. He said he was a father. WQA M. Hello. Anyhow, how about David Kragon? David Kragon. Okay. One for my nair what? Who? I don't know. No. We're talking about people that somebody knows who they are. Okay. How about John Kragon? Here we've played one of those, you know, he was either a vampire or a wilder. WQA M. Hello. Are you doing really pretty good, Pally? How about Christopher Lloyd and she got stars. I'm your boyfriend by the way to put it back. It's going to start getting the sewer. Put it back where it ought to be hidden. WQA M. Hello. There you go. Pretty good. I want to add anybody to the poll. I just want to ask you a question. There's an aren't a lot of just governor and anything else to do. Any governor and matters, but sometimes we're talking about some pitch with a two minute bro. No, no, he's been working away on this for years now. Man, this is his main thing. He's got to save life. He'd be better off to save his damn drug addicted system. I mean, do he spit this much time, or can the damn educational system? So, there's dollars, there's a dollar. I mean, no, what about our educational system, there's the governor? What about our healthcare system? Okay, this lady's going to die for crying out. What? Come on, ladies. Go vote for him again. Okay. Everybody's too late now. Nobody could in their right mind. It's just the same thing with runs into family. It's all together. They're dysfunctional bush family. Bring in family values, back to America, baby. Oh, yeah. Drugs, booze, pills, dysauticity. This, honestly, bank scandals, you name it. Right, theory. The theory. American values, the values that are far right. Hippocracy, the ultimate. There's no bigger hypocrites than the real-ending God squad. The Lord says there's Lord say, yeah, you're all full of crap. Man, you're also rattling around so many skeletons in the closet. It sounds like there's a war going on in there. Right, look at the bright side, though. They haven't gotten anybody killed. Oh, thank God for that. Send me a few of worship doctors. And maybe 1500 soldiers. Or 100,000. 100,000. And then of course it's going to be a ran and Syria and who knows where else? North Korea, right? Right? Not Saudi Arabia, because that's our buddy. That's the whole way. WQAM, hello. Dave Thomas. Dave Thomas was typecast. Is he an actor? Dave Thomas was an actor? Oh. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I got another one for your poll. But Leslie Neilson. He's already on there, sir. See, they run out. I got a whole bunch of stuff here and they're probably out doing the last hours of post-regard counting on these folks. They run out. I mean, we got a ton of you didn't really well, okay? But just repeating the same people over here. If they're going to start that, let's start it all over again. That'll be a lot of stuff. Really easy, right? I'm not telling the go see sounds like good idea. But I'm going to the can see. I'm not about Bella. I never think. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. Good. I got one for your poll. Yes, sir? Cory Hames. Cory Hames. Yeah, he's in those stupid way. Well, what Cory Hames is. Okay, and I just wanted to tell you one thing. I did a Google search and I typed him to go do the head and Gregory came up. I said, I'm a job man. Keep it up. Excellent. Cory Hames. I know exactly who that is. He was in one movie where he's like banging some chicken in a sack. Don't move his ass. Chicken, guys. You know what I'm talking about? Some guys' wife. That's right. You wouldn't watch him movie with Cory Hames. Not seen a few unfortunately, but that's not Cory Melvin. Not Cory Feldman. They're all about the government. They're not discussing you, bro. There's a good question for Josh. Who's better looking? Cory Hames or Cory Feldman. Now, just write those down. We don't want to answer on here because we'll be incremented. You're racing. That's our father. Some like that to know the difference is between the Cory. You know who they are? I know who Cory Feldman is. I don't know who Cory Hames is. Yeah. Well, you know something. If you know who Cory Feldman is, then if it was anybody else, it's probably V670560. I mean, I dropped something this in the bull this morning. Look better in Cory Feldman. No, it was some lint that I picked up all these four. You're thinking, you're thinking, uh, escritory stuff again. Always. Enjoy. Get you straight out on that. No, whenever you stop thinking about it, if you stop thinking about those, you never watch. Check out that. Oh, I've tasted some milk. Thank you, Anne. Hello. I've got something in the bull this morning. To Anne. Me? Yes, sir. How about the rock? The rock is an actor. The rock. Okay, great. How about the. How about, um, uh, Maron from Michael? Who is it? Norman from Michael. And Tony Perkins. Okay. The only Perkins is he always played, like he played, uh, Jim Pierce all the baseball players, who was like, wouldn't win, crazy. You know, always played somebody like this functional and weird and, uh, and you want to know why? Because he was kind of like this functional and weird and gay. See there you go again. Tony Perkins. Oh no. Him and tab hunter. I mean, he's a little bit strange. He's a little bit strange. He's a little bit strange. Ok. Okay. Come and tab hunter. I got a nice back from Michelle in the neck and the forward because all of her suggestions are already on there. Oh, okay. Thanks for chatting with me already, Oliver on there, okay. So we got quite shit covered names on there already, she wanted Bob Denver. I'm sure I had a guy, I wasn't going to John Krdin who's who I was thinking of. Everybody's Krdin. Yeah, old idea. He was like a vampire or something, uh, he would be a good one about the old man. Yeah. The worst art of the writers he ever saw in your life. You ever seen him? His hands were in his fingers. How many you know that? because if you see his hands, they're bent like sideways. Hmm. We'd be so many one time told him to get bent. Apparently a lot of people. I've heard it. 560560, Pompon, Tachmeidi, Bell, and was directing that New York direction the other day. Didn't hear it. I'm telling you man, that guy, if you, if you went out under a highway, you were crossing the road, you're hit by a Mac truck. He would have a party to like some which even the Romans would be embarrassed by. It'd be jealous. This spies is you. So next time you see him in a hall, just step on him. You could do it. How many QA and hello? Yes, yes, sir. Speaking. Yes, I bought a Porsche car off. Porsche car off. Oh, sounds like a great choice. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Days of experience here. I said, let's call a start with the same names all over again. That's a good idea. Right. I think we got them all on. I think this exercise that they produce, what I've always known. Although, after that highlight would Josh, they were earlier. You know, what more do we need? No, we could just go home now. Yeah, I think I think of this one. We could just like have an hour of day to year and honor that. That was just so magnificent. So perfect. Oh, 156 and 5, 60, we've been trying to see we got to have more spots on along today. Boys, the QM sales department. Well, that's right. Now, some of the things that I've said today, they're not, they do not contribute to a harmonious environment at the radio station. So I've got to go fire today. If I would have been stupid enough to sign that crap. Nobody's going to sign it, Joy. So, okay, give it up. Give it a rest. No, but he's going to sign it. Even Robert Greenpur wouldn't sign it. How do you like that, honey? And Josh Cortes ain't going to sign it. Now, how's his contract doing? Contract? Yeah. Contract. That's what we're going to take out on Joy. So we're all pitching and taking out a contract on Joy. That's what I thought. Mm-hmm. I love it. 1257 of QAM, hey, the main man, Anthony Kelly, and what acceptance capital mortgage says, it's time for New Year's resolutions. Like most Americans, these might be similar ones that you've made, paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling off cash, investing in real estate, maybe these are the top of your list. South Florida's one of the hottest real estate markets anywhere in the USA. So I keep so much equity in your house or pay those high interest rates. The main man's New Year's resolutions to give back to the community this year. And so they partnered this year with kids in distress with the track work at a 25 years of helping over 5,000 abudes in the record children each year. Acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan of this great cause. And if you're in the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations. So call the main man Anthony Kellyendo. It's a toll free call. One trivalate for a three loan. Or you can go to their website, the main man.com and philosophy replication online. Call him today Anthony Kellyendo at one trivalate for a three L-O-A-N. You're listening to Neil Roger. He's in the 12th of July. On 566. Are you a man? Guest for one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Don't do it, don't do it. Senator Biden, this student's Allah is a much as I find your torture memo disturbed it. Especially the part about applying charcoal fluids to genitals and lighting demand fire. We're only here today to ask you questions about your judgments. Because I know I speak on the half of Democrats everywhere When I say I like you, you're the real deal. I really, really like you. I turn the other cheek, while they pass I like you. Do you recognize me? Back home. You can go out both my eyes, while they pass I like the orange and blue. I'll torture you, you can whip me in a cage. Strap a red ball in my mouth. I'm a damn a press you see. Spine this with tea and we need your A.G. that's mine. With tea. So what's your favorite joke? I mean, I think you're a bit even. You want to come? 101 or 560? You were serious when you said Iraq is a real actor. I mean, doesn't it? No, no, no. I did not say he's a real actor. Oh, I said he's an actor as he's hired. Yeah, I've been movies. Right, he makes movies. That's what he's playing himself. No, he plays characters. He did that. He kept you in the way. He played a few for tea. Okay, put him on the rock. Okay, okay. Okay, so I don't consider him like well. I mean, at least Arnold and Slapwood does. And then movies that somebody's actually seen. But anyway, it's okay, the rock. Maryland and Roe somebody says, gun blonde, very good choice. That's exactly what we're talking about. Right. James Gandalfini. Absolutely. So he's always plays the heavy in the Mexican. He was a man. And true romance he was hit man. And get sure he was a bodyguard. And as a friend as a mobster, James Gandalfini. He ain't no we need. Okay. 560, 560, 560. Let me get to some of these things. Okay, because these people obviously are like, okay, we got 6,000 names on it should be good enough for you to prove through. The 10 worst corporations of 2004. Mark these down. Okay, avoid them like to play. Okay. When the multinational monitor judges, Gandalf had picked the 10 worst corporations of the year one of their instructions is name no companies that appeared on the previous years list, borrowing extraordinary circumstances. For 2004, that means no bear. Even though in 2004, the company pushed for imported genetically modified rice and the EU, polluted water and a South African utility carcinogen, textile, and chromium. And was hit with evidence that its payment occasionally leave, increases the risk of hard attack among other egregious acts. No bullying despite new evidence that the tanker plane scandal cost you as taxpayers, tens of billions of dollars even worse than it appeared. And no clear channel, even though the radio behemoth in 2004, stoop to new lows with a breast Christmas ever contest that promised to pay for breast implants for dozen contest winners. And know how a burden and broden a whole new set of contracting, fraud and bribery charges last year. But at least it will repeat rule helps them at the field a bit. And there were many plenty of worthy candidates of the remaining pool of price gougers, polluter and union vusters, dictator codlers, fraudsters, prisoners, poisoners, deceivers and general miscreens, we choose the following. Pretty in alphabetical order is the 10 worst corporations of 2004. Abbott Laboratories, Abbott makes the list for raising the price of Norvier and important needs drug, developed for the major infuse of US government funds by 400%. The price increased didn't apply if Norvier is purchasing in the conventional other Abbott drug, giving it an unfair advantage over competitors, and tilting consumers to use the Abbott products on the basis of price. AIG. The world's largest insurer American international group, Inc. AIG, which charges an October with aiding in a bidding, PNC financial services, and a fragile entranse act to transfer $750 million in mostly trouble loans and venture capital investments from subsidiaries off its books. AIG agreed to pay $1256 million to resolve the charges, but it got off light, entering into a deferred prosecution agreement, meaning the charges against the company will be dropped in 12 months, if it abides by the terms of agreement. Coca-Cola. Workers have to co-op bottling planning Columbia have been terrorized for years by right wing parliamentary forces. A fact-finding mission headed by a new or city council member found among other abuses, there have been a total of 179 major human rights violations of Coca-Cola's workers including nine murders. Family members of union activists have been abducted and tortured. Coaxes that opposes the anti-union violence and in any case that it has that control of the bottling plant that would does, and now after purchasing the Columbia bottling company, co-scorber general council in the former system US Attorney General devolved Patrick resigned in 2004, reportedly in Part because Coax Coax refuses to support an independent investigation into the Columbia investigations. Vow Chemical. The world's largest plastic maker dot purchased union per by 1999, and midnight on December 2nd, 84, 27 tons of lethal gasses late for muting per by its pesticides, in fact, we involve Paul India immediately killing an estimated 8,000 people and poisoning thousands of others. Today in Bob Paul released 150,000 people including children born to parents who survived the disaster, are suffering from a sport related health effect such as cancer, neurological damage, chaotic menstrual cycles, and mental illness. That refuses to take any responsibility and the statement the company says although down never owned or operated the plant we along with the rest of the industry have learned from this tragic event and we've tried to do all we can to assure that similar incidents never have an again. Glaxo Smith Klein. Following revelations and regulatory action in the UK in 2003 and 4, the story of these severe side effects of Glaxo's Paxville, as well as other drugs in the same family, notably that they were significantly to increase to a sideality and youth, finally broke the day in the US in 2004. In June, New York Attorney General Elliott Spitzer filed suit again Glaxo charging the giant drug maker with suppressing evidence of Paxo's harm to children misleading physicians. Glaxo denied the charges but appealed to the new system where it would make public results of all its clinical trials. In October, the US Food and Drug Administration Nordic Glaxo and Makers had drugs and Paxville's Pax to include a black box warning, the agency strongly is with their pills. You know, like that's gone across most things. Right? What about it? So, think of that. Heartys. The fast food maker is bragging about how on a healthy it's latest culinary invention the monster of thick burger. First, there were burgers, then there were thick burgers. Now, heartys is introducing the mother of all burgers the monster of thick burger weighing in at 2-3rds of a pound. This is how to present angus beef burger is the monument to decadence. The monster thick burger is a 1420 calorie sandwich. Eating one thick burger is like eating two big max or five McDonald's hamburgers and 600 calories worth of heartys fries and you get more than 2,000 calories that many people should eat in the whole day. A quite a Michael Jacobson will be sent her for a science in the public interest who calls the thick burger food porn. Oh, in that case, we like it. Oh, oh. Merk. Dr. David Graham, an FDA drug safety official, calls it maybe the single greatest drug safety catastrophe in the history of this country. Testify before a Center Committee in November, Dr. David Graham put the number in the US with separate heart attacks with stroke as a result of taking the arthritis drug viox in the range of 88,139,000. As many as 40% of these people were about 35 to 55,000 died as a result. The Archceptible Cardiovascular risk of Ix were evident as early as 2000. A full four years before the drug was finally withdrawn from the market by its manufacturer Merk. A friend of a study released by the Lancet Be British Medical Journal, Merk says it just goes all relevant evidence on Viox safety as soon as it acquired it, and pulled the drug as soon as it took inclusive evidence to the drug's dangerous. Right. McWain. McWain Inc. Is that how to do with Wayne Heizing? I wonder. McWain is a large privately held Alabama based sewer and water pipe manufacturer in a devastating series. The New York Times revealed the companies agreed to safety record and the other failure of regulatory agencies to control the company's workplace violence. Nine McWain employees have lost their lives and workplaces since 1995, and three of the deaths were the result of deliberate company violations of safety standards. More than 4600 injuries were recorded among the company's 5000 employees, according to the Times McWain pulled the wool over the Eisen investigators by stalling them at the factory gates and the hiding defective equipment. Accidents sites were already before investigators could inspect them in violation of federal rules. When government enforcement officials did find series violations of the Times reported, the punishment meeting out by the federal government was so minimal that McWain could treat it simply as they cost of doing business. Riggs Bank and Explosive Report from the U.S. Senate Permanent Semck Committee on Investigations of the Committee of Government Affairs in June July revealed that the Washington D.C. based Riggs Bank illegally operated bank accounts for former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinnichred and routinely ignored evidence of corrupt practices and managing more than 60 accounts for the government of Equatorial Guinea. Can we say Guinea on here? Not anymore. Although these nether activities seem to violate U.S. Banking rules, the officer to control the currency did not take enforcement action against the bank after alerted these matters in 2002. That presumably was not unrelated in fact that the O.C. C. Examinator had raised soon thereafter went to work for Riggs. In May 2004, the bank paid $25 million in fines of connection with money laundering violations related to the Equatorial Guinea and Saudi Arabian governments, the Saudi Arabian government is the subject to ongoing federal criminal investigations. And last, but not least, you're very favorite. Yeah, a Walmart. There you go. Sorry. Are you studying the killing the Medi-Belligan over there? The get them lined up against me? Are you guys going to go now? I don't think no matter how much time we kill I'm good. It's actually going to be able to make it conclusion on that. While Walmart is personally out of it of a public relations defensive, the company remains the colossus of U.S. and increasingly global retailing. It registers more than a quarter trillion dollars in sales. It's revenues account for 2% of U.S. gross domestic product for 2 years running, 14 is named Walmart the most admired company in America. It's arguably the defining company of the present era. A key component arguably the key component of the company's business model is under compensating employees in an externalizing cost on the society. A February 2004, a British invited by Representative George Miller, California, tabulated some of those costs. The report estimates that 1,200 first of all, Mark Sturmary was under the cost of federal taxpayers of over $420,000 a year about $2,903 per employee. These public costs include free and reduced lunches for just 50 qualifying Walmart families, Section 8 Housing Assistance, federal tax credits, and deductions for low income families, and federal contributions health insurance programs for low income children. Well, not great. We're helping out those poor banks. We work for Walmart. And for me, they need your help. Josh court says he likes to throw in a few bucks. I've got a better idea. Either that or lose it at the Indians there. One of the other. I'm not saying you don't shop at Walmart. They go under. Those people be fighting a real job at real company. Shame on you. There you go. Pick it on for Walmart again. Poor Walmart. I think the wall. I think that I have like the not the skull and crossbones. You don't have like the picture with a devil on the front on the door. I'll be required by law. George, a big knee on the other president. President, they would big horns come out of the state. Then that pitch fork. From it, it's after 1 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey, IRS tax problems. Speak to your government in action. Have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life. They take a tool on you financially. Physically, emotionally. You can never get those damn IRS problems off your mind. You wake up every morning and a cool sweat. Well, CP18, we've walked out of the buck wall tax firm can help and those IRS problems forever and give you back some peace of mind. Which is why other top CPN law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax from when they got problems with the IRS. Why not afford potential criminal prosecution? Get all on file tax returns prepared even if they lost all your records. And maybe you have an IRS lean. Wades, levio, payroll tax and penalties. Maybe like a settle for thousands of us in the or need time to pay. Whatever you're probably IRS, the buck wall tax firm can help. They are freeway free. No obligation to initial consultation. Affordable and guaranteed fees. And immediately, for my IRS harassment. And, best of all, you'll have to even go to those pin in the IRS meetings because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions you may have to be there. Call them today. 954, 575, 2800. That's 954, 575, 2800 with the or 10,000 bucks a million or whatever in between IRS taxes. The buck wall tax firm can help you out. Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irstreetem.com and stop fretting about the IRS not to knock in your front door. Call that number 954, 575, 2800, get that IRS monkey off your bank. No, it seems a meal, Rogers. Result on the five-second edition of the U.A.M. For David's a bitch. The T.D.s are back. They are home. And 50, 20, man. Jerry Lewis is too. Are you sure? Well, kind of. And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium, introducing Jerry Lewis and the news. Hey, ladies. The hot-up rock and roll. Hot-up rock and roll is still bathing with the benzer golden the ARden Cleveland. The reddied with shipwagon and the white-o and all those places. The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the new. The ladies of the League, I'd like you to draw new, no need those ways. Because the ladies and men promises type-lers in the white-oed ladies, I'd sign here for you. Hey, it's hip to be square. And it's even hip or device something round. Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news. Available, you can find that wherever fine went to the soul with the nice man behind the cow that they'll be assigned it with the nice lady. 116.85. 16.75. Jerry Lewis, somebody said, now he wasn't a great movie. We became a comedy, right? Right. But he'll always be defined by like the 90 Professor parts one over 100. All of those. Right. Hey, lady. That's the journalist. That's the one for the full. I like it. Now this fact is almost amusing. Could you please tell Dr. I, the judging how a man looks does not make you gay. Body wash does. Right. So our guarantee that Josh court is doing not to use in body wash. She's using a manly soap soap with a handle on it. So he's so my whole body like that. So by the rope, which is blessed by the Pope with a strap. And if you drop it, you're a real dope because then look up back to him right. They got to be hope. Now what kind of soap do you use? Irish spring. Oh my god. That's where our real man. I like it. Like Bruce, uh, what was the name of that bit Irish spring steam? Oh, God. Now, but you can still play that one too. You guys. I think. You already have a great show. Say, well, what do we honest with you? You stink. Well, we face him again a lot. After seven new two cities and four hours and night, Georgia thinks it's a vote time. I had your silver shower. Yeah. Okay. And I've got just the soap barrier. No Irish spring steam. It's the boss of the old. It's not for a. Irish spring steam. Now you won't be smithed like the jazzing. I mean, I'll tell you what makes you approve that you're gay. But it was ten this fastest. This is body wash makes you gay. Nobody is using soap any more stuff. The few for insecure people like Josh. And at least he's using our spring, which is a very manly green soap. You know, I've got it yet. What about the horse? That upper line is party wash. I don't know. I don't know. I was baby. I forgot body wash. Once he used that, you're like, you wouldn't dream ago back to soap. And it's got nothing to do with it. And additional which that particular one the upper count one is real gritty. Women wouldn't want any part of it. You know, like we talked about lavis soap, which is like pommissing with real gritty and schmitty. Well, it's the same with this. It's got like a whole whole bunch of beads in it. Oh, it feels like a like true grit man. When you smear that on your script, the blackheads off. It's got to send me the facts that keeps got them in son. And you're just too cheap. You're just too old fashioned. That's your problem man. Body wash. You got any hotel now. Any of just by any more in the world. Instead of those little soap that are like a tent of an ounce that they put there and the shower, you know? Right. Instead of that, and I just like a little container of body wash. That's right. And I'm like a soap which you you finish with and like sits there and congeals on in that little thing there. They put it on the shower that whole thing. And it's got hair on it and you are mongent. It's getting moldy and oldy and who knows who they'll use it before you and where they stuck it in the background. Now, body wash you open up the container. It's like all new and fresh it goes down the drain. And by the big, that's it. You close the thing up and use it the next time. It's just sanitary way to as opposed to swearing something all over your body. It's been got on with those wear else. Okay. I don't know who knows who knows where that damn thing has been. I know. Oh yeah. I bet you do. It's just looking out of there. You took it out of there, huh? Well, you keep it in your too long. You might make a home. Tell me. How many of you QAM? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about the fever? The fever is good. The fever. During madness. And that's a good one. Another child after a jury or madness. That's good. And we can, we're not putting those on there. Are we? Yeah, whatever. It's all you ever did. Look at them old. Yeah. You named body. He saw you ever did because Like I said, we can't put the child actors on this too many. We could do that. Could have played Dennis the Minister of Justice named J. And North. Right. Gay. But, um, was it? Oh, woo. Ask, uh, Miss Tanner about that one by the way. I'd rather go. Okay. Don't do it. I don't, I don't, uh, I don't, uh, confidulate with that one. He's a lost Tanner. What? WQAM? Hello. QAM? Yeah, I got one for your fault. I'll bet go ahead. Probably sure. Probably sure. Boy, they don't come or, uh, they're just very tough than that. Probably sure is, you know what? Probably sure is? I give up. Probably sure. Oh, yeah. Bye. Yeah. That's it. Talk. So we can put that one on there or not. Why do you're choosing between McGill and Andy Bell? I already made my pick. I thought it was Josh. Did I have to make this choice here? That's what I'm talking about. Okay. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to him. You talking to me? No, I'm talking to him. Is it obvious? Talking to him while he's opening up his uh, carton of Irish springs soap on a rope. Yeah. How's your growth when it's on a rope? So it'll be a dope. Use the body wash. Hey, you used whatever it had you want. Okay. Anybody that's that insecure that's worried about how they do something to make some look straight or make some look gay. Oh, who cares? Okay. If you're that worried about what other people think about your man and get a life. Okay. Get a life. I have no life. W 2 a m. Hello. No. Yes, sir. You love the cock. Isn't that beautiful? I'm not special. Yeah. That's a real bullet. And thanks for the bullet. Okay. They're going to be putting that in the front page of the New York Times today. So your friends, stop calling. Now that's that's why your people, my friends. You've had more of them than that. That's your little circle of friends there. Okay. That's what's the name Vernon and Bobby and Robbie and Jose and Julio. Oh, yeah. You're looking for a actor and a vector and whatever and team actor and our own inspector. W 2 a m. Hello. Q a m. Hey, Neil. How are you doing, sir? Pretty good, pal. I got a post just in on the prettiest athlete male and female. I have Josh consistent male. Okay. For the male plaza, Jason Taylor and one of Josh's mom on the beat of current. Who's mom? Josh. Oh Josh is mom. Thank you. See what I just got you messing them. They're all sitting around in a big circle holding hands. Besides, the problem is I wouldn't let anybody else see those pictures holding hands or maybe some around with hands like lightning. Really? Well, they're pretty fast like a right. So Mike. Yeah, that's what my y'all said. See, it was like I said that's what Duff said. Don't you Q a m. Hello. Q a m. Yeah, I got some or nails. Paul. Okay. You're talking to him. Go ahead. Hey, Neil. It's not that I'm wearing four miles. Another. I'm wearing my little leave it. I've got a vector of segments. Again, do much to set up on your goal. Okay. How real. I like you. Okay. Yeah. All you people in South Florida by the way, and in South East Coast, just be happy. Right. Right. There's a good reason why you're happy to be where you are. I wouldn't want to be there. But you could be on a West Coast. Could be a lot worse. You could be one of them. W to Q a m. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. Yeah, come for your fall. First I will comment about the bar so versus the body. Bucky watch. Do you know, you use body watch now, do you? Donna, I. I. I. I. I. That is the bar soaked in my hand. What does that mean? He's with the body watch. Yeah, he's your hand. No, you don't. It can't get up. They're good. We need to bar so anyway for your fall. I don't know his name. Just. Just for a voting. Next. There he's on it. Next. There he's on it. All right. You got to get away up there. I don't want to get into that too deeply, but quite frankly, I never stuck a bar of soap where I think he's talking about. I mean, I just be kind of a life and whittle it down. Is that what you do? Yeah. I make like a sharp point. Right. Is that what you. I mean, what's the point? Uh oh. First of all, they had those lovely. They have a variety of things. They're like, so what's I don't use my. Uh, they have some fun. He's the loose for the life. I have all of those things. Okay, gloves. Right. How about a nice masculine sponge would be good. Yeah. Yeah. That's your point. I'm I guarantee that guys use this hand plenty of time. 560 pound five 60 and he Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. I nearly how you doing pretty good, pal. I got one for your list. I'm about probably tight. Oh Harvey, tight. Oh, I got another good one. Harvey Firesteen. Just go in a night. Maybe I don't know about it. Yeah. It's been late, but about Andy Griffith. Uh, any Griffith was uh, he was a Yahoo and then he was a cop. But he was a Yahoo cop. Andy Griffith. Oh, yeah. Exactly. He was a Goober. Thanks. He was a lawyer. He was Matt Locky. But he was always a Goober. Andy Griffith's good. Good old lawyer. I don't think yet act too much. Put them on there. Let's get them out of this. There ain't no frantic line, but he's the best we can do. Who is or was the most typecast actor or actress ever? I never realized we'd have like 50,000 different people on here and we didn't even put the kid actors on there. Thank God. Because all of them would have been that that's the reason that most of them even like committed suicide or went to drum or got real fat and grow tensk or or whatever. The deal was. Except for run hoard 75 divorces. No, why not? How old is much as I don't like him? He went on and they became like big-time movie director. He got a lot of yonder. I think like a real human being. Like, and I see the difference being that he went on to become an adult. Right. Right. Whereas most of these other people just became like an older version of the child. So I'm saying like Robbie Benson. Although he was the right. He was in a couple of things, but he still didn't ever change. He was always like a 40 year old, 15 year old. Mm-hmm. Am I right? Yeah. Like, probably. Call him. He's still talking because he's like 40, 40 going on 12. And Michael turned him down again. Who is or was the most typecast actor, actress ever? Velilagosi's been leading from the get-go as they say the get-go from the start. 70. John Wayne, 40. Now there's Josh's idea of a real man. John Wayne. Right? Right. Do you like Duke? How about you see that's archaicically? Why were you a big fan? No, I hate that. I couldn't stand him. His name is Marion. By the way, what was his first name, Marion? For a hit. Charles Bronson 38, Leonard Nimoy 34, Boris Carlov 35, same person different airs. Arnold is tied with Adam West 22, Bob Denver 22. Joe Peshie 18, up to Kinoffish. Edward G. Robinson 18, Bill Schatter 14, sliced the lone 12, Steven Seagull 11, Seagull, Michael Richards 11, Mr. Tees got 10. I'm listening to you have cancer. I don't know. What you read is story about that? Robert DeBre, Erica Strahna, Erica Strahna, Jackie Chan 7, Vurn Troyer 7, friend, pressure 7, Henry Winkler 7, and I'm saying there's six Rodney Dangerfield 5, John Claude Van Dam five, Gary Coleman five, George Reeves Superman, the first TV Superman George Reeves, he committed suicide alleged five because he was so a type case. Next, bear five, Peter Faulk five, Donald S. Four, Woody Allen Four, Mark Hamill Four, Linda Blair Four, Clint Eastwood, Peter Sellers, Jay Howard, got four, three for James Gammel, Fini, Paul Hogan, John Herman, John Hogan don't have any. Peel your Herman three, Tommy Chong three, Edone O'Neill three, Hugh Grand three, Bruce Lee three, Jerry Lewis two, pair for Ben Stiller, Jay Jay Walker, Robin Williams, Raymond Burr, Don Adams, David Hasselaw, Barbara Eden, Carol O'Connor, each have a pair. Oh, he had a maiden name on here. Also two for Bert Ward, David Cancity, Fred Gwyn, one for the rock. Yeah, Tony Perkins, Pat Maria, Al Lewis, Leslie Nielsen, Vin Diesel, Vavand Diesel, Elizabeth Montgomery, launching E. Junior, Dennis Frans, Melissa Jornhart, and Joe James R.S. and Irene Ryan, one of P.C. And no votes, look at all the ones we have had no votes out of 539, non-forante griffy, just one on Harvey Cartel, Paul E. Sure, you put Harvey Firestein on there. All right, Merlin Monroe, Elvis, Molly Ringwald, Cheech Marin, Cheech Marin don't have any votes, Ralph Machio, Tannis Mas Machio, Ralph Machio or Cheech Marin, McColle Colkin, Jim Varny, Jack Cugman, Troy, Troy Tomberg, this is Mike Myers, I've got the book. How can Mike Myers have no votes, huh? What is that? Tell you, a ton of billion things. Get out of here. When you shop for quality footwear, you can go to a lot of different places, but you want to get a perfect fit every time, you want to get an unbeatable price, you want to get great personal service and a selection of top quality names like you'll get no place else and men's of all in shoes, then hit for brandy shoes in poverty beats that have been doing right there for years, for a long, long time. All the shoes you love, like rock for it's floor shine, essay a spirit, timber, naturalizer and all the other top names in the shoe business, and with brandy, surmongous selection, you could bet Greg Reeves life on it, whatever you got, whatever you like there, they got your size in stock on a shelf, ready to life on your feet. Brandy's open every day, seven days a week, Mondays who sat away, it's nine to nine and every Sunday, 10 to five. Brandy's is located at 1290 North Federal Highway in Palmer Beach, in a matter where you live, it's always worth the trip like for example this week, a great time to buy new balance shoes, which everybody in their brother loves new balance, this sensational I-worm. This week, it brandy's saved up to 20 bucks a pair on new balance. So be sure to give them a store this week or visit them and do your shopping on the web at brandyshoose.com. You're listening to Neil Roger X, exclusively on my six feet fighting. I don't know. What are you doing? What are you saying? I don't know. You're talking me around here. I don't know how to handle me. I don't know how to handle this week, you have All done. You ain't getting something. Just let that. I don't want to take off. I think I don't want to go in my window on the ground now. Wow. Come on, let me tie me. I'm showing my nose down. I'm going to do it while I'm on. There's my whole face, pal. We're blowing out your ears. It's not a shackle. You're getting out of me. Just look at the... Sailing around the door. Please take care. You're still scared. You're still scared. You're still scared. You're not going to do it. It's not so sad. You're going to do it. Just fight with them and I'll point it right here. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're a good man! You're a great man! You're a good man! I'm getting fine and all of you can always fight down. I can't finally come and you're just absolutely... You know my chest don't come easy. And that's why I can't tolerate touching someone's soul. Not that you'll take me back. I ain't no chasmin at me. Not only that you'll love a baby that's bad. But I won't let you get a cry of hunger man. Because I won't let you get a cry of hunger. With a cry of hunger, with a cry of hunger. I can't even hear you. I'm not a cry. And I can't stand you. The door is going. The door is going. The door is going. The door is going. The door is going. 26 still 2 Curtis Davis infills in for the amad dog today too. And we got... well that's an amad dog. What do you mean? We got like the whole lineup is all boiled up. And so makes it even more aggravating. But anyway Curtis is a fine job. He'll be offered the amad dog. And then we got Moard 4 who does a mojo. Low priority. Rimes would. Authority said yesterday they're investigating leaks about the child molestation case against Michael Jackson that appeared in news reports. Santa Barbara County Sheriff's official statement from agent about the case has been released and defines the Bay Judges gag order imposed on both sides. We consider the release of these materials to be a violation of law according to a statement posted on the Department's website. Some media commentators have a lens that we are responsible for these least we are not. These accusations are irresponsible, unfounded, and untrue. Sheriff Sergeant Chris Papas declined to elaborate. Suddenly the gag order. The online statement was in part of response to the recent ABC news report that quoted from the transcripts of Grand Dury testimony given in the molestation case. And that testimony Jackson's accused of described the pop singers' alleged crimes in graphic detail, including an incident which Jackson allegedly molested him on a bed. ABC is not revealed how it received more than 1900 pages of Grand Dury testimony. Grand Dury transcript normally are made public in California. 10 days after the pandemic receives him. But the judge in the Jackson case has kept the transcript. See it long with most other documents. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case. The judge where the judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge already is in the case. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. The judge in the case has been reported. 1242 Charles Ross in 42 Boris Carl off 38 letter number 37 Arnold's got 24 and at him was 24 and Bob Denver 23 and I've never saw him again Be too soon as he dead. No, he died five dinners not dead. Damn. Okay now while let's get to the meeting the matter here We made a decision job Joshua. We made a choice paper plastic sure. Let's let's go with Miguel You notice it was a talk choice Yeah, between Miguel and Maddie Bell is a student a cylinder. It was named here Miguel sounds like Maddie Bell who looks like hell He's a wrinkle up old crumes about two feet tall There you go. Let's hear her Josh okay. He's making some progress. He's taken one teeny tiny step for mankind Next week. He's gonna be told me she actually went out some body-wise Nothing. Yeah, you don't have to use it just buy it. Don't go crazy. In fact listen. I know you can't afford to buy on the TV set yet. Yeah You've got your bonus yet That's what I think you can you can kill two turrets with one stone when you go to Walgreens We're a TV. Yes, whatever. We don't have anything in CBS yet pick up somebody wash for him and some for yourself Sure, I'll get some body wash on a razor. Oh, the shave is balls. What else? Yeah, making we'll make him into a real man before we're done I'll say to that all right. You can have like Maddie Bell shave as balls would be cute. We could put that on our website Hey, that's a stand on the stool. You have to stand on what? Oh, wow a tool. I'm trying to one thing that's good thing we're gonna do here right now We got Curtis Steven suit does a fine job feeling for the Mad Dog because the Mad Dog is overworked in a pretty pissed off He's on two to four our German. I mean the Curtis Stevenson then we got more Howard David at four to seven And you'll be back to Matt seven and ten and I didn't spread of a poppin to the man. Bye bye