You know the way to a performance election would have been to do it on the ill show You already doing it. The old gets a great turnout on his pulse. Oh there you go. I've got 95 votes 86. Yes, 9. No That's pretty good percentage Yeah, that's enough for the governor to overturn it. Yeah I got news for you the governor. He shot himself in the foot when he came down and opened up a big mouth That was like the it inspired a lot of people I had made interest I really pissed everybody off. Yeah, I also knew is the governor redeed and proud for a couple of days go back up there That towel-hassy with your crack a addicted daughter there and take care of business. Okay Whether it's functional family and you're smuggling wife some guy called in earlier and said that He got it. He got about 10 phone calls last night at home and it was a recording playing the governor And I said well, why should go up there around dinner time and you know not on the governor's mansion and tell her Dom you're there for dinner with his good good friend of governor and well, sorry We the daughter won't be available for dinner. She's upstairs. She's not hungry anymore and Oh yeah, the wife is Oh, where did you smell the woman from Spain? Anyway, here's the statistics in America's best in worst cities for crime. Guess what's the third worst city for crime? In America later FBI statistics begins with an M in ins and an I Oh, yeah, it could be Miami could it it's it's back I thought we were doing a great job fighting crime reporting to our governor And worst in their country is Miami and they're talking about crime coming in you know It's so idiotic you know when people start using the scare tactics, you know what that tells you and yeah There's the desperate yeah, they have nothing else left. Well, that's always been the argument that they pull out of the bag when they're when the Anteccino step up's gonna bring in crime. I don't see any crime at woodbine I don't see any crime at Gulf Stream or Papa del Park or a high-light or at the dog track who downloads what these people are I think by Gulf Stream they're doing their best to kill racing but other than that. Well, that's right Yeah So I won't be there to say after noon. I can tell you that you'll not be a Gulf Stream to say if no-one's that opposed That's a good reason. Yeah, but eventually they got some look casting I'm not a part of the staff known and do some casting we had to almost the record for free Spaghetti dinners last night on a Monday night of pumping apart the crowds are starting to come back I think the anti people what they've done is they've generated so much publicity for the permutuals now They even be protesting passes which is will today a lot of people are starting to come back I then they're not going to Gulf Stream But the Gulf Stream is a you know 10 city right now. Yeah, I mean I'm Saturday. It's tremendous part of it 84 hundred people there Yeah, well, that's not real good for Saturday I'm just going to be a rebuilding wait to see the panelists that's gonna build with the with the slots in yeah It'll be a police will have people in all of the place It'll be and then the same old tired argument that we had 20 years ago All they're gonna be too much traffic all the Southern crafters gonna be too much traffic I'm so sick and tired to say like Marigulante and Hollywood the same old tired tools, you know Well, it'll be a little tough to get them We're just to be foregusting this to just pass Hollywood Graham track Yeah, yeah Well, my suggestion is go to pumping apart. It's not new either one of them Yeah, more ready driving a Palm Beach. Yeah, I might as well stuff off at Pompano Park. Of course But a Palm Beach has forced Simon Kassley and you can't do that a Pompano until I've just six at night. Yeah Well, that's right. They can't carry ghost team right now. I have to say a hundred mile a little So I'm driving a Palm Beach on Sundays Which is a nice facility Well, I like Pompano. I spent a couple evenings there with you. Yeah, and one and enjoy. Yes, if you take it. Yeah, thanks to you You gave me a couple winners. Yeah, I'm not that don't start with a track now. I'm and they'll be the end of my audience All right, this is worse than that would be hockey talk. Let's get rim around with some hockey talk not hockey You were saying that you know, it's bad that there's a small turnout actually it's good You think it's better that there's a small turnout? Yeah, because that means that these a fundamentalist can't be bothered with this They just don't aren't motivated. Yeah, because they're pretty well organized But now everybody that I'm talking to they're all the pro people they're all voting. Yes, well all the people who called in today were voting Yes, well there you go and then the last guy that called you there are heard that Lance call about the rest of the state All these years we've been battling to take control of our own destiny and even in November This thing passed it was really close it was overwhelming in date Broward and Palm Beach But we had to overcome the negatives at the rest of the state all a Bible company So now we finally got them off our backs and a people in date Broward and got their own destiny in her hand So they got to be foolish not to vote. Yes. See that's it. That's why So one of the reasons I'm strong behind this is because I'm tired of people telling us what to do right Let's go out and do what we want to do Everybody knows that you've got soft floor and you got to rest of the state Not that we don't have a few rednicks by us but generally speaking We're like big city slickers compared to the rest of this Yahoo state So let them you know what them rotten hell and an addition of which stop and think about it back in November Here's the rest of the state. They still stand to get a piece of the pile Okay for education and there's such a bunch of Bible-thumping hypocrites that they still vote against it because of all its gambling And all other bookwrap is if they don't have gambling in Tampa and injects them to win all over the state Yeah, the governor says it's a moral. Yeah, now he's a moral and so is his lottery man talk about a good bet Oh, that's a moral. Yeah, amen well I would try not to lose too much today. Yeah, yeah, give it a good shot They don't go to Gaussian because it's dead as a donor today. Yep. Stop off at Pompano Park I'm gonna do something productive but maybe something else old trolls left some of that free spaghetti dinner some leftover last night I'm uh Maybe some of them left their teeth in a glass before they left Oh, I saw that yesterday. I was talking about this earlier. I was in an oven tour at a place seven lunch yesterday And it would at least yeah exactly and these two guys are walking around table the table Guys running from mayor of oven tour Mm-hmm and he made the mistake is stopping by my table while there's a middle of the thing that move very bad move. Yeah, and And I said, you want to solicit go outside and solicit right get away from me is it or But all those blue hairs and they were eating it are we're eating it up. I know I'm still So maybe they got a discount For lunch they don't have they don't have early bird lunches do they and it's something to think about yeah, cuz I'm off at 10 You're a tough for enough for the losing and enough for the eating okay? Yes, that's my suggestion to keep in mind our good friend fat rich. Okay keep in mind I had a sandwich yesterday with no bread. Yeah. Well, that's good. It's a good start. Yep Just think of that rich I Just thinking about being well Being productive. Yeah, think about Greg Reed that'll make you lose your head and say I'm not losing too much Greg Reed and this latest trend that just came out that'll make you lose your appetite for a long time work for me Good idea. I just want to get on my hands and ease and puke forever Well, we just yeah, it's like I said yesterday. It's in a horse race You know the gate opens you open up a tin lane clean and all of a sudden there's a quarter mile left to go and I say oh Guess what you gotta go back to the start again. That's what he keeps doing the was Thanks a lot Greg you idiot you simple than you go out and vote everybody have a great day Hank and don't too much. Yeah, I got you eat lose whatever This is G Gordon Lydia. They don't come any worse than Neil Rogers You've seen films about the Irish Mafia and the Russian Mafia Now we've been on this mafia in Martin Scorsese games of Pennsylvania, Dutch country as a guy I have to find looking milk cow. Yes, it would be a shame if something potions to have into it Are these suggesting I pay people a texture? But I think it's a game of pencil Bayon Dutch country. It's filled with excitement But no electricity now. I'd late done by interest payment And I regret that I'm a break at thy knees with this butterchurn Haft out for got and it isn't because that's on the Sabbath I'd be seen for give it my best for me. I shall break if thy knees on the morrow Don't let stop far and raising suspense of games of pencil Bayon Dutch country for the size I coffee train or I come at to black these Martin Scorsese games of pencil Bayon Dutch country Where may guys are just made they're crafted by hands it's 10.07 and 5.60 WQM happy Tuesday to you. It's election day. Maybe get out there and vote. Yes, no more times if you're against the Islam machine you can still go and vote but your data voters tomorrow all the no people vote tomorrow Right. I noticed that we still speak in of people a little bit behind the equal We still got that me as picture from yesterday on the beaten curtain It's supposed to be Tracy Bingham from Maywax. She'll be under eventually when fat Eric puts down a salami sandwich and gets around They were doing it if you noticed that that she's still on there. I didn't notice But I real par Shane that you had on there yesterday whatever her name was she was really Week week. He had stepped out when I called he had stepped out. What is that? Oh for some of those breakfast cross sandwiches from via from Vcano Dought huh and emergency or something. Oh give me a break and emergency my fat ass Anyway, here's the poll resolved from yesterday Can WQM recover from Greg reads latest blunders or are we doomed it? Here's the result don't care. I only listen to Neil 750 50 3% Well, thank you so much, but that you know that's nice, but we'd like to do a little bit better than that You see what I'm saying? Yes, we would we'd like to spread it around a little bit No, you jerk the audience around too much you are doomed it did it 213 said we're doomed it did it The stern business was the end for Greg 140. Yes. I loved the new line up 139. Well, not the assuring Waxy will destroy you guys 79 said that waxy's gonna destroy I got news for it Waxy couldn't destroy themselves. They got Joe Rose period. That's it. They got the little dog over there That's the beginning the end of middle everything. That's all I got and a bunch of losers Greg is a genius Oh yeah a genius every genius I ever heard of it my life walks around going Like that all the time with his you know hand in that hole and he said 60 people said that which means mighty bell and the water Not seed photo 30 times and the horses you and four leave cover must have fallen out of Greg Greg go mass 30 it said that over 14 years old That was yesterday's pool today of course we're doing our little election pool on the until election day And let me say it again. I mean you know you're gonna do whatever you want anywhere I'm not gonna motivate anybody but enough and I can do it can't drag you physically But the fact of the matter is this is one of the very few times in history that the people are so far to have their own Fate in their own hands as opposed to being like stepped children everybody used to say to me years ago When a casino thing was on a ballot, not of course This is not for full casinos it's just for slots of the permutials But at least to say well how come mode didn't grow or can't vote on it by themselves and because it requires a change in the state Constitution so it had a past day why well we didn't have a gentleman's chance in hell and I know that the last time the casino Wish was on a ballot it passed in date and in Broward But the rest of the state no way Jose because the rest of the state are much a Bible thumping backwood knee and it's all rednays Who make the people in deliverance look like city slifers, okay? Let's face it if you ever traveled about a state of Florida I mean you understand what it's all about from two eggs to Panama city that Halle Hansi to Pensacola to Jacksonville to Fort Pierce to Viro Beach. Yeah, they're all picking it and we're not just talking about the manager either God so deliver us from the rest of the state. Here's a chance to say you know to do something And I'm telling you right now because you know, I was saying a hanker. Let's not talk about racing because there aren't that many people who care about it Unfortunately anymore, but I'm gonna tell you one thing right now. What it's gonna do For the horse industry alone forget about the other ones, but what it's gonna do for that just by itself It's so dramatic in terms of the quality of racing which brings a lot more people out in the person's everything else and the revenue forgetting just about the slot part of it the revenue that the state draws in from that So when the fat ass governor comes to town and starts bad mouthing about well nobody goes anymore anyhow He's talking against his own partners. I wonder what Michael Coralian they would have thought about that or highman Roth They would have taken a dim view of a governor of fat ass governor who talks such trash Okay, we're supposed to be a partnership between the permutules in the state where they suck off a certain percentage Siphon it off and it means time he's out there working against it So just from that standpoint it'll be phenomenal and of course the money for education and the thousand the jobs It's gonna create plus a little I'm another moving the right direction making it a living and breathing place So you don't have to go out there and subsidize Mickey or send the other great robbers if you want to have a little bit of action And play a little bit of slots or whatever you actually go right to your your local track whatever is nearest by you And I'll say it again at business about oh, it's gonna bring in crime Miami the third worst city in America for crime the third worst the first two worst being Tucson Arizona and Memphis, Tennessee Miami's third West Palm, Volca by the way is number 11. They're in the mix. Does they boy, why hate that expression in the mix? Don't you hate that order what are the hours have to do with this? Oh You forget about the being cute. Yeah, I'm saying these expressions man, of course, quickly him to all in your case. I know Today's pool here's the deal. We got Terry Binghamish, Yannoyette. Tracy. No, I don't care what her name is Let's see we still have that same bitch Oh, we're that there's that same me as brought from yesterday boy. She is growth test Do you got a Paris Hilton knows in a rest of her for movies are fine? I don't think probably real it couldn't possibly be real with a body like that I don't know if you look at what we say is real But anyway, she's still on her so we'll get to Tracy and Bingham and her bio and everything once we get around here Is he gonna come back or is he got some major emergency like he's a liver just grow-out? I've got a couple kids. Yeah, do what I run out. I think it has something to do with that no comment anyway. Here's today's pool How did you or will you vote on today's slot machine rare for them? Pretty clean this pool doesn't need any additions doesn't need any Refusions doesn't need any building got it no pole building because pole does things boring We know that just like most of your calls. It's boring. How did you or will you vote on today's slot machine rare for random? So far we got yes 131 we have 224 votes yes 131 can't vote 40 don't give a Schmidt 31 No 14 won vote eight so yes 131 no 14 Just like in November if they would let the new Rogers audience vote then we get some damn things done in the state and in this town But no that a bunch of knee-and-sols out there like that one facetly at yesterday Remember from the 20 year kneelie right he saw other words say about excuses making up stories Not having any idea what they're talking about. Oh, it's not gonna do anything for raising a ride Why 10 13 10 14 look at this it times getting away from us, you know if we can get to those crossovers with Hank a little bit longer We can be just like when stern was on we can start about 11 30 every day the main man Anthony Kelly It would acceptance capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your dead cutting a mortgage payments Pulling out cash investing in real estate are on the top of your lists unlike new copy Which is certainly not near the top of any of our sales people's lists now Florida's one of the hottest real estate markets in the country So it just doesn't make sense to keep so much equity cut up in your house or pay those outrageous high interest rates The main man is here is partnering with kids in distress helping abused in the elected children in South Florida for 25 years This year his staff has donated important their commission on every closed loan for this worthy cause would six kids of his own the main man Know so important being a paradise call the main man and told for you at one triple eight for a three loan That's one eight eight for a three loader go to the main man back come and caught your application right online If you like no matter what your situation is will find a solution for you and get to the You'll done forget about calling anybody else in the mortgage business If you want the best deal all the way around call the main man who's motto is coffee is for closures one triple eight for a three loan That's one eight eight eight for a three L-O-A-N 566 No, the all Rogers guys We do Beat Can 18 at five, 60, that's floor right though for you baby right there, that sums up in a nutshell. So I guess we're still gonna have been me as brought on there from yesterday all day unless your kids' family situation will be right now to get back. Cause Josh Cortis unfortunately doesn't have the power, he doesn't have the power of Christ or they ability to put that on air, make it straight. Slowly but surely we're like enabling Josh to be able to do some of these things but Eric doesn't want to let go, you know what I'm saying? He like, I just want to keep his finger in it. So he just returned to get his situation straight not there, did he get to food back from the kids? Farther. Rumor I'm hearing is that the kids run off at a big sack of breakfast food that he got from BK, but that's, you know, just a rumor. 257 votes on a poll already, let's get 80 million votes on here today, but more important. Let's get him out of the polls where they really can't. We got yes 149, no 15, the other ones we don't care, you know, about we don't give a crap in all this of this stuff. Here's what are my favorite stories in a long time from San Luis Obespo, California. A new county law aims to keep readers from wreaking libraries in San Luis Obespo County have had their own rules banning offensive body odor since 1994, but the policy became law after the board of supervisors last month that I've had an ordinance that lets the threes kick out mal-orderist guests. Visitors to 14 libraries in a bookmobile also could be asked to leave for fighting, eating, drinking, sleeping, playing games or putting or viewing illegal materials on library computers. The poet is to make the library a comfortable safe place for everyone to use and moe McGee. Moe. No. No. No. No. Assistant director of the San Luis Obespo City County Library, a strict code of conduct officials are given needed to ensure one one patrons write stews of public library doesn't infringe on the rights of another yet the law can raise tough questions for library and said, our reen Marcia Santa Barbara's Library Services Manager, what is bad odor Marcia says? And we're going to wear this strong perfume, a person who had a garlicy meal, maybe somebody from India who smells like Kim Curry all the time. That's a good question. Believe me, it's like, what was it more in Burger said? I don't know, well, I can't define pornography, but I know when I see it, which of course was kind of the out of cue. But I can't define a bad odor, but I know when I smell it, right? Got it? Right. Somebody stinks, believe you me. Like the crow, for example, the crow, when at 45 pounds of cash, merbocaine that he evils his himself in, Steve Wolf from Pompano Park, facts of this morning, he says, just wanted to even know the last time's Pompano Park we give away 288 shifts, we get a dinner, it was our second best free spaghetti dinner night. The record in January was set at 306, so we're just 20 short of the all time record. And I guarantee, and damn tea, we could have beaten it if we had to write piece of copy yesterday. Remember, I had to like kind of add that there was an afterthought myself, right? Yeah, this is his attempt to try to cover up his own tracks. Pretty weak, Steve. Anyway, we still did a good job. Vettery, that was the lady who called up because she just bought a case of diet Pepsi and saw our free program coupon in the back of the can. She asked if they could bring in the can, get a free program and a free speed. And we told her, okay, and she came in with nine of our friends. All right. Talk about cheap, probably from one more. A 10 in slash night at Pompano Park, 1955, nearly 250 more people last year on the same day. And all the publicity is bringing some people back. And once we get all the big bucks in there from the S-Loss, that's going to help raise the first money gigantic, which will increase the quality of the racing dramatically and start revitalizing a very important industry for the whole state. Governor Fadass, hey, take it right the news to you. Whether he likes it or not. Okay, here's the fact that says, I'm sucking up. I've listened to you and enjoyed your show for seven. What is that seven or eight years? There's that say 78 years. Enjoy your website. But, but have never read any article that was somewhat pro Israel. Anything pertaining to Israel, it's always anti-and detrimental. Who selects these commentaries? George? No, I do. What appreciated reply, a little fan. No, I pick him. George, pick someone I'm on vacation. But 95% of the time when I'm around, I pick the stories out and they're all accurate and they're all my opinion, okay? So, it's Cossa-Huice. Now, here's another one. Oh, no, I'm not reading any more of those. All right. Former listener. Leave it up. You're not. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I'm not going to get you done again, Greg. You lost. Starting in once again. We're turning the, we're giving the math low over to get lost. Go get a life. See, once you open the door, just a little tiny crack, man. Then all of a sudden, you got a real crack problem. You know what I mean? That's it. Like a dick. No, not necessarily. Don't bring Janet Reno up. Okay, she ain't run on this time. 275 votes. Come on, let's get going on here for crying out. I'll link's wake up this sleepy ass town. Then you people are in a coma. No, under Terry Shivos, the big story in Florida. Just take a look at her. She's like emblematic or what's wrong with her whole state. They can relate. They're all in a coma. They all got that feeding tube. They just went like Hank was talking about going to the, wherever he was eating yesterday. His breadless sandwich. And Evan Turret, what old Jews. Oh, that's right. That kind of just sent me to face about Israel. Go ahead. If you have Israel so much, go there. Okay, understand, they got some real great meat. Go get yourself a cheeseburger on a West Bank. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60, and he Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. I hope that these calls today are almost as good as a month. They're the ones who are the most amazing. They were sent to Lady Man when they pretty good. It's spectacular. How we do it? We got a bunch of name up there in the B.D. Curtin yet because that's the most of our heavy breathing, best rotos out there on a website. Let's see. Oh, there we go. Let me take a few get it. Oh, look at the size of those. Look at that. We didn't spell her name, right? But that's okay. Whatever. That's radio. We're just approximating. But who cares what they look at all that goods? Tracy Bingham, who Dallas Tracy Bingham and my dance? Well, I got her stuff here. I got her goods. She was born January 13, 1960 and Cambridge, Massachusetts. I'd like that. That makes her 32 and 4.5, 37. 36, 22, 32 her measurements. The source of that celebrity's smooth magazine, they've been smoothened it. They're not real by the way. Are they? No. Well, no. Here's her filmography, lingerie bowl, beach movie, meal, malabudi, more mercy, battle boss, strip mall, private public dream team, foolish. Exploring the fans. They were, what? You didn't that? No, that was from my vacancy. By the way, the vacancy was a trifel, I hope that that Israel guy is real upset about it. Shelled it. They watched exposed TV's live card babes, demon night and the bunch of them, the surreal life, G4ia, who, summer music mania, four fingers of the dragon. I wonder where they'll lay wound. And to tell the truth, first annual black entertainment to TV awards, babes of Baywatch, a lot of Baywatch stuff. So there she is. There's Terry, I face you being a Terry. What's your name? Tracy. Tracy, with an eye. The reason I bring up this staffs about the crime thing is because this is the last, the last refuge of a desperate lunatic like Jim Boisier fat ass governor. Oh, the crime, it's going to be, let me ask you something. How come the slots at the hard rock have been brought in crime? Is it like a safer neighborhood? Is it like a better environment? There it are. Now, how come they weren't screaming and howling about, oh, there's the slots over there at the hard rock are going to like change the quality of life in South Florida and destroy our images of tourists, they're here for families and yad yad yad yad yad yad yad in a partridge and a paratrooper tree and then he voted each way to, I'm also that word. Careful. And you know something, I'm not buying that anymore, Joyce. There's nothing in the FCC regulations that make the a deep bag word. It doesn't qualify, it doesn't fit in. If we didn't have such a bunch of cowards there in our middle management, they'd like stand up have a little bit of backbone, okay? But we didn't have no backbone. Oh, whatever you say, oh, yeah, we have to go testify, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we gotta cut a couple real losses in there, man. Including I noticed the one that even bothers you on his silly face this morning, Mr. They three share a program to record we got. I haven't seen it lately. Good. Excellent, let's keep it that way. Tomorrow we got Marlon's baseball at 1250. I just mentioned that in cash in the putters in a really good mood. Yeah, yes it does. How do you like that? And Josh will be out there with the game again. I'm not that's right, you don't get to go to Jupiter. I don't get to go. No, Josh said only Uranus. So Miami is number three worst and they're talking about crime, bringing more crime. How could we have more crime? Huh? We already sucked a big one, okay? And I'll guarantee it like I said yesterday. What would you rather be? Where would you feel safer at Gulf Stream at Pomp and O Park at Miami Highlight at Hollywood Greyhound at any of the fair mutuals at Coder Racecourse? Would you rather feel safer there or like walking around and downtown Miami? Uh huh. Tough question. It's a close call baby. Or walking around just about anywhere in South Florida outside. Without like several companions and a couple of a pitfalls, right? Right. But always going to bring in crime and it's going to increase traffic and it's going to be terrible. Yeah, the sky is falling too. The day has come when these grey robbing right wing lunatics, these Bible-thumping hypocritical phones with a dysfunctional families where they're a stranglehold on the lives of people living in South Florida is coming to win ended today, Mark. It's like throwing a line in the sand. Today is the day that you folks should draw a line in the sand and say, you know, I wasn't really that much motivated before, but because our Fed asked Governor Cymruh putting up a big mouth telling us how to live and how to run our town. We're going to go out and pull yes for five times today. Just to piss him off. Screw you, Jeb. And arrest your family too, how do you like that? There's new thinking in the capitals. Yeah, good. 27 after 10. Abu Ghara, red at 5. 16. Abu Ghara, you can't even get it. I'm at the target for Brigadier in Choe, 4-0-6-55. We lose five minutes to the mad dog, because we got Pittsburgh at UN, O-Paceball. I must be Josh must be. Clarence must be doing this thing now, you know, trying to work out for a baseball game tonight for the beast. And it, K, follows baseball. That's our schedule for today. As we try to put the pieces together of the QM Humpty Dumpty Egg, the great continues smashing and breaking into destroying. Nice going. Great. Idiot. Hey, man, Josh, with the mad dog gone. And never fool around with kids and I never let him. He and I tell you that I'm fantastic. The soul triumphs they can lie like once they've met. And never bother where am I now comes. Probably why the kids fall with my mobile. I get the feeling from that journey. The pain I'm guilty. I never tried to feel. I tried to feel. I never gave them one. I never gave them one. Got a bad feeling now now. I'm feeling going to do some time. I'm going to do some time. 32. Look at that. It's a 10. At 774, precincts in Broward County. That's in. Holders began trickling in to have their same local elections. And I'm wondering what the county should allow Las Vegas to allow slot machines and race tracks in a dinghy a high lie. Election officials at the county's emergency operations center in plantation were satisfied that pulls open on time. And there were no immediate problems. Three minutes ahead of schedule, at least 7 AM opening of the precincts. We got reports that everything was up and running, said, just sell a sale. All of the stuff that we've got to do is to provide a election. Everything is perfect. Not quite, says the Harold. Salad said 20 precincts were relocated for the selection of our most voters received new cards indicating the changes not everyone did. I mean, what would be an election in South Florida without some real screwups, right? Right. Wouldn't be a fun. By the way, drives court as refuses to vote because he's afraid he's going to call for jury duty and he's a real worst. I already got called again. So I'm not worried about it. I just, uh, just too lazy to do it. No, I just don't have the time really. You're just a slacker. The polls are up until 7 o'clock tonight. You don't have the time. No, really. I don't. And why is that? I got to help my brother move. Call him and ask you something. Can you rather wait like 20 minutes? No. And why not? I'll be leaving right after the show to get something. There's an old expression. What's the point? It's going to be a decimal point. Why did you see where it is? And that's checking against the internet stuff you do for us. Come on now. They can show me the program. They can show a number that had the decimal point in front of the first number. It's going to be really intriguing. Don't get carried away now. You're like caching it. Sam was said 20 precincts were relocated for this election. My most vote is we see I'm not voting in there because I'm not there and I didn't get to do the F's and T thing this time. I'm like I didn't November. But I do have somebody like standing in who wasn't going to vote for me. You know what I'm saying? I made sure that somebody else will cast a vote that would count for my vote. Thought what I'm saying. So I'm doing my part. Plus on the year here. I'm going to do my part. That's what I'll be. Josh Cortez. He doesn't care enough to send his very best because he's too busy sucking up the day van boring. He's got a hot wife or whatever. You know, I understand. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to call somebody to do it for me. So I'll do that too. Well, what do you mean by that? I'll call somebody to go vote for me. How can they do that? Pinch voter. Well, that's what I got. Now that's not so bad. While most voters received new cards into came to changes. Not everyone did not did. Precinct 29 and was moved from central park elementary to a fire station at 1 10 50 Western rise. But of our. In fact, that no one had mentioned the campaign volunteer Becky Kinley who stood across the street from the school holding a sign for Plantation City Council candidate Matt McAlloon. I don't like Macarones and I don't know Matt McAlloon. Speaking to a disgrvole voter who didn't receive notice of the change, Kinley said, I'm very surprised and I'm very disappointed that the community was to vote here and not notify. I hope they have a good turnout to fire station. Someone's are cancerfully, I guess. Two pepper pines precincts are moving in the last week because of air quality issues. It was too late to have printers make up a new batch of voter registration cards. So we sent out letters to those voters. We also advertised in the papers. He said precincts for X and 63X previously at the Fletcher Art and Cultural Center were moved to the police have led a call. He got 70, 100 Johnson Street, Salas said. Despite the controversial Slas measure, turnout is expected to be light. Because people like Josh just don't care enough to send a very best. Fussy see the real reason is he don't like Slas anyway. So it's a selfish thing. Well, no, that's obviously it. Yeah, and he does like kids or school either. Right. While we're sure that supervisor of elections Brenda Snapsford, 18% turnout and that's what we're still expecting. Salas said it's not going to be like the presidential election. Wow, what I have profound comment that is. Salas said 28,800 one brev, brev, brev, residents cast their vote early. While the office recorded about 12,000 absentee ballots. More voters are expected in the 18 cities that have local elections, including tempered pines. No candidates are on the ballot. Their voters will decide where to take up to $100 million in debt bond debt to finance improved roads and parks. The Indian Beach voters also have a bond vote in addition to city commission elections. Local campaigns and today with votes in coconut Creek, Cooper City, Dane Beach, dear field beach, Hallendale Beach. He'll grow beach line house, point Margate, Miramar, North Lauderdale, open park plantation, pop at a beach sunrise time, Reck Western and West Park. What's West Park? Don't know. In West Park, I see a newly incorporated Southeast Broward city. Residents will choose the first set of municipal officers in their history. I'd like that. Well, let's go West Park. Where are you are? In addition, voters in unincorporated areas in your open park plantation in Laudale, will vote on joining established cities that will in broad view park is a non-binding, a binding straw pool. Here's a fact that says the fact that our governor is against Laudmer jeans make me wonder, oh, this is from the chronic. Now it says, Joey and Miami, but looks chronic. It makes me wonder what Halberd has to gain from a no vote. The whole family is one big award to be well. No kidding, Joey. Go vote several times, please. Access are just pouring in here one at a time. What is this? The four-lettered ill firefighter, where is it? It's not his neighborhood cat. Why do you send me stuff like that? I didn't. Well, who the hell sent that? I don't know. Why would anybody, what kind of idiot sends me crap like this? And it's written in the candy barredan. PD-something. PD-1? I can't read it because it's all black and I'm like, I have no idea who sent this. Probably a fat boy. Probably a fat boy because he's one of the few that's got this fact number and rather than some copy-for-ending. CRCL's department, copy-A-Dust, that's their new model. With an egg thrown in the towel. So anybody any competing stations in a market? The good news for you guys is, even though we got some great shows on here here, forget about it. Because our sales department's giving up. They've surrendered. They've raved away to playing. They're just busy sending taxes about still in kitty cats, stupid crap like that. A fat boy goes sell something. You tub of crap you. You walking tub of garbage. People who want lost vaguestile slot machines in south-world and sister will create jobs and pump money into schools. Opponents believe they'll transform a family-friendly destination into a gambling mecca with more crime and other social-eels. I want you to stop them to think about that. Into a gambling mecca. Right? Right. We're talking about seven-per-meatual facilities. What goes on already right now before the election today at those seven facilities? Gambling? Gambling? Hmm. No. Gambling. Is there a lot of crime there? No. Is there a major problem there? No. Is there a big traffic jam there? No. And the whole end of social-eels, the way of enormous numbers of compulsive gamblers, losing their lunch money, if the track? No. In fact, probably more people losing their lunch money on a damn lottery that the government was for it. It pulled over on you. So this crap about it. And that's all they got. They got nothing else. Other than the course of selfish Indians in the Americas into one and all for themselves. And like I said before, how come that hasn't changed the images south-world? How come, in fact, that so many people go to the airport and get on those cruise ships and they've been a dime in town? How come that hasn't turned images? So some of the sin in horrendous social-eula capital, what do I mean? Social-eels, my ass. In fact, I think I'm ill and right now just from reading about that crap. 351 votes. Now we're cooking a little bit here. Now we get on slow-cook a little bit. As we trial-eye-crazy to wake up, you bastards down there. It's about, you know, the gambling mecca. Now I've got to wood by like I said a couple of times a week sometimes more sometimes less. I'll be putting in how many, you know, five times as in we'll afford to come up. But nevertheless, is Toronto a gambling mecca? Oh, yeah. When you think it's a rotted, you think gambling mecca? I don't think so. It just happens to be there if you want to go fine if not that's fine too. In the meantime, the people who are there seem to be having a fine time and nobody drags you in if you don't want to go. Nobody, there's no long arm reaching out, grabbing people and dragging them in there. Any more than there's anybody standing outside the hard rock in the dain your weapon. How light is this in that dain you? I thought they had told you it's Hollywood. Hollywood, well, right by the line, or whatever it is. And Hollywood, dragging you in if you don't want to go in there, okay? Now the concept, the notion, the notion that giving the Indians your money, which the state and the communities get no benefit from whatsoever, giving them your money. That's okay, and that's not going to be detrimental to the images of Florida. That's fine, and haven't had the permutuals who's going to do all of these terrible things. Only an embassy, only a moron, only an idiot would buy into that. And you know what I think? I am. That's so lonely correct. Yeah, they know lot about it. All these years, it's always been the same old thing. Oh, it's going to destroy. And the meantime, my name number three, the third worst city for crime in the entire country. 3604 votes. How did you or what you vote on today's stock machine referendum? Yes, 213. No 22. Can't vote 66. Don't give a Schmidt 48. Won't vote 15. Like Josh Cortester, he won't vote. The hard ass. Stubborn little bastard who won't vote because he may he's got to help his bread and move. That's really something, man. That's a real commitment to the community in which he lives in works and takes all the big bucks out of that place. Oh, all the big bucks. Yeah, that's right. Between that and a Marlon games and whatever else you're getting on the side there, who knows and all the free meals you're getting there too, huh? Love the free meals. Yeah, oh yeah, I know you do. But does he want to give back like one good thing to know? That's okay. We'll keep going. As time goes along, we'll keep in mind. When we go to serious pretty soon, we'll keep that in mind. By the way, they're getting pretty serious. That's serious. Seriously? They're actually our serious discussions going on. Well, I look, they realize, finally, when I said a long time ago, I'm realize I'm past the break but who cares? And that is that they're just aren't that many people available that are going to like abandon and trust you or ready to everybody's either under contract or they're just not going to like, you know, go take a pick and a poke. What does that old saying? Poke the pick? Auburn, I go ahead and I can eat the poke from the pig and we're very sorry for that. But as a result, they'd like to be with Oprah and Anthony, they're going to start picking up some of the shows on the other arm here. Just like this one is what they're talking about and if Greg ever comes back from vacation, the fact that Norma Kent is actually negotiating with Greg Reed again after what he put us through back in the last time. Oh, it is mind-boggling to me, Norma. How is it possible? That would be like Neville Chamberlain going back and sit and have him sit down dinner with Hitler again. How is that possible? Hey, people can change. They're underwear. You know, IRS tax problems, think if you're underwear, have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take it toll on you financially, physically and emotionally. You can ever really forget about the IRS problems that come back every morning when you wake up. I'm going to scratch you throat, you know what George? Call the CPADM book wall to the book wall tax. From a help and your IRS problems forever and give you a back piece of mind, which is why other top CPA and law firms are for their clients too. The book wall tax from when they have problems with the anxious IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? You'd all get your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Now maybe you have an IRS lien, a wades levy, old payroll taxes and penalties. Want to settle for thousands less than you own need time to pay whatever the deal. The book wall tax from can help you out. The offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief if not sooner from IRS harassment. And best of all, you never have to meet with the IRS. It'd be because the book wall tax from handles all those meetings and discussions. You even have to go and waste that time while you're helping your brother move. Call him today, 954, 575, 2800. That's 954, 575, 2800, whether you attend grand a million racing in between IRS taxes. The book wall tax from can help you out. Call today for that free no obligation consultation and get the IRS monkey off your back. Call 954, 575, 2800 or visit a online at www.yrsfreedom.com. On 565, 780. On 565, 780. Click on the Povera Winfrey Show. Today, Povera Show, you had a relief stress in your line. And I sought fat with a raw maternity. And I'm not even thinking about all this business with this Jesus. You know what I'm talking about girls. Tomorrow, Povera welcomes Dr. Phil. You'll go down to respect your woman. Povera Go, boy, plan. And don't forget about Povera's book client. Your testament was so good. There are the sequel. And now, you can get involved in one heart cover edition. Look for my piece here on the cover. Oh, that a boy. This week on the Povera Winfrey Show. Join me. Povera Winfrey. Every week day, episode the Cardinals fingers y'all. It's a sin. Look to watch. 1048. Now, this article about the camp. But I just got a facts to get. Okay. Christopher Corbors. That's not really a Josh Corbors bandchance. Is it? No, not at all. A firefighter. Christopher Corbors from whatever. Okay. Because I just got a facts to get. So in other words, whoever's passing this, which is going to be either, I'm fact boy, I can't give anybody else a good boss and maybe. Can you? No, that that I have. Very soon. Put a waste into my facts paper. You tub a crap. Argentines and Dominicans may do a double take when they see her she's new. Elegancytha Choproudbar and an ad for kiss is being promoted by Mexican bombshell Talia. Oh, Talia? Ah, put your good hands on. This is the one. The ad running in people in Espanual features a shot of the sexy songs. She's about to bite into the kiss with a slogan boasting. Sabra Chocolate Blanco con Caeta. Maybe he's not going to trouble. What? I like it. Read it well because it's not a very good copy. Otherwise I'll read it much better than that. Sabra Chocolate Blanco con Caeta. White chocolate taste with goat milk caramel. The chocolate bar proclaims that it's Caeta elegantita on the rapper. What does that mean? Uh, elegant Caeta. Well, that's the Mexican version of Caeta. It's type of dulce de leche. Oh, by the way, that ice cream really sucks. A very sweet caramelized condensed milk. Eat and stray from a tin drizzled atop the desserts or made in the candies throughout Latin America. But in Argentina, you ought to go away. Paraguayan La Repuglica de Minicana. Caeta is a vulgar term for a certain delicate part of the female anatomy. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my God. This is obviously the work of someone who did not do their homework said Jose Concella president, principal of his fan, if you say a cruel Gable's marketing consultancy. The problem is that Caeta is not the same product as dulce de leche. As it's made with goat milk and as a different taste, if you said, first she's chopped it by the way sucks. Okay. I just want you to know that right now. All right. You don't agree with me? No, it's pedestrian. It's like every time I'm hungry. Exactly. Great. Great. But I mean, Nestle is not that great either, but Nestle is like his insurers, and at least Nestle makes good ice cream. I didn't know like, you know, Belgian Hershey's is like for a go-in. The company needed their differentiated taste for consumers that spokeswoman Stephanie Morita adding that the company has not had any complaints about the adder of the rapper. Now which rapper are they talking about? Probably 57. Should we do got any more 50 cents stories on there today? Not, it's a part of the law for it. That's the generic word for the product. You said, Session, Wistig, Pitfalls, where a common word may be understood in a different way in a different country, happens with some frequency in S. Fanyol. For Spanish language, meeting the U.S., it's particularly a challenge to avoid missteps because the U.S. Hispanic population comes from all over Latin America, plus Spain, Espania, I'm sorry, Ethfania, Fania, Fii. As a guy, the National Association of Hispanic Eurnalists, style book includes a list of Palabras, Mel Sonantes. Yes, see, this is a very bad copy. It is a very dark words that have an innocent meaning generally, but a more nefarious one in a specific region. Kahitas, listed as Papaya, known to both as a fruit, but to Cubans, Nicaraguan, Pettomanians and Mexicans as female genitals, and I don't want to read the list. That's as far as we can go on that, okay? Good. Okay, let's get a bunch of calls from people went out there and voted today or didn't or whatever it had they want. Okay? And if you ever send me any more facts as from those two misfits, you know, exactly the ones I'm talking about. Oh, no chance of that happening. Maybe Bell will be doing your job. I did it. Is it okay? Just pathetic. Just tragic. You open the door, give the slightest little bit of encouragement or just a little tiny green light to misfit cretons like that, and then the backing and ah, we might get lost and they get lost, Greg. Anybody with that name, Greg, bugs the crap out of us, get lost. How many QAM? Hello. Election Central, yes sir. I agree, man. This is this is D-Day. Yeah. I mean, if we don't get this past, we get this past. This is the day you draw the line in the gray and the sand. And that little punk, the heying going to go out and go, he can take 20 minutes. Yeah. I hope it's saying all day. Just making this in the next few minutes. I hope it's going to be on the next month of December, zero's after it. Down the bring is poncho. I hope it rings all day. I hope it breaks in fact. Go open his brother move and I'll be flippin' up all round. It's badass. And I hope that Marlon's here about the grotesque comments he made about Roxy Bernstein sounded like guilty yesterday. Oh, where did he hear about that? I don't know what he's saying. But a fork at him. Okay, he's done. Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. That was weird. I mean, what you said yesterday about the Marlon organization, I couldn't believe you about it. Oh, yeah. 5 670 560. Pawn. Look, if you don't want to vote, they'll vote. And the most people are going to vote. Why should you do any different? Why should you do like stand out from a crowd? Okay? Why can't we just another predestined slacker? How many QAM? Hello. How come you allowed to say ass and bits on the radio now? When did that occur? I can't vote. Just being that and it's going over the air. Yeah. I just want to say it again. So we can't vote. Look at it. Okay. It all has. Maybe he just wanted to answer this question, you think? Oh, here we did. Fine. What's wrong with ass? Right, though. Most people are looking at the last in the Bible. How many QAM? Hello. What kind of a phone is that? I'm sorry. Boy. Well, what's the... If you realize that when he's listening at that kind of attitude to KSK, KSK, you can start a place in your pocket, your phone's just a schoolman. They can never even see. And then it's a good effort. I don't think so. No. Oh yeah. No, that's not what the legislation says. Well, that's not what the legislation says. But I mean, it's very specific in there. It's got to go to education and they see. Here's the guy like the one that called us yesterday who's looking for negatives. You see, all you can do is go out there and vote for it and make it overwhelming. And the more overwhelming it is, the less chance that they're going to get to the subvert the world of the public, which is Governor Specializes at that because he's the anti-public education governor. He's the pro Christian education governor who wants to Christianize the whole state. He's got his Christian prisons and he's got his Christian schools and he's got his vouchers and outshores and all this other crap. I wonder what he's got in that pouch, huh? I have a feeling I know. It's probably a whole family here. Based on their behavior. Put the insult negative. That's the biggest problem with South Florida. The fact that the matter is the legislature reconvenes today in a fisting passes big, which have a feeling it will. They're not going to have to like a goose step right to and do what's supposed to be done. Right? Otherwise, there's going to be a lot of recall movements going on around the state. I'll take it that. You can take that right to the bank, including our fat ass lines. Line, sack of crap governor. WQA in Hulux. Not there. WQA in Hulux. Hey. I'm good. Okay. Spire report from Sam Rack. Yes, sir. I just stopped to vote at the Sam Rack library on commercial. You can't get in the parking lot. Really? All the old losers are there. Oh, I think. Who did they listen to? You were Bush. That's a good question. I don't think the old losers are too much for Bush now. The old shels to carry on. Yeah. His brother was a mess with his social security. Maybe this is the way of striking bank. They're cutting out in the rows. Well, good for us. All right, thanks Neil. Can we make them an offer? They can't refuse. Tell them if you vote. No, by the way, in Tamarack, you take where you was on your early bird benefit. By the way, don't old people like slot machines. Yes. They're me tools and what? Uh-huh. Right. Well, although I mentioned his offer to you, I should mention it on here that in the articles I've been reading in the last few days about this whole issue. But more and more younger people are in the slots. Now, and at the average demographic is between 41 and 50 years old, that's an average, which means a lot of people much younger than our plan, which I see for myself. And that, uh, you know, higher income and well educated and stuff like that. Used to be for old ladies, which, of course, you're as courteous believes, then he doesn't want to be stereotyped as an old lady, so he doesn't want to play a slot machine. Oh, quite frankly, now that you're not going to vote today, I don't think you should. You're not entitled to go play anyway. How do you like that? Hey, if they come down here, I'll go play. How about that? What? I'll go play slot machine. These days sounds very gay. To me, 10, 56 at 5, 60, WQAM. Why we took it on Josh this? What did he do? Do you do something bad? No, no, he's only good. That's what that said. Hey, if you look in the mirror and see a big growing ball spot, here's the answer for you. Come on, good friend Chuck Alphiari. You know, one of these days, I don't want to start picking on Toroys for that, but he is easy. He's a good guy. It's not personal. It's business. He is useless, man. He's as useless as jaguating breasts on a watermelon. You know what I'm saying? It's preferable. I could buy the used for those. This is the new Roger of Shell. This is your brain. What? Any questions? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Tell me what you're saying? Who is this to me? No, this is the wife, Davia. I like to speak with Tommy Betoya. Hello? Tommy Betoya, resident? Pramah! What do you mean? No, no, no, Taliya. Lia, let me talk to the devil. Please hold. Tommy. Tommy. Yeah! Come on, Tommy. Come on, you cataton. Oh. Hello? Tommy Betoya. Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You're a Roger of Shell. You're a Roger of Shell. Hey, I didn't want my job. I stepped down or sure. However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to say some sort of face you do it, but you will lost your job. You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear you voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. If you're talking about. Michael, that's a joke. Yeah. Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife. Let me tell you. It was two from maybe five minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. I have to fool. You're getting your justice. Search Tommy Betoya that devil. All we do is eat Mexican food. Kimmi Changus burritos, to steas. I got more gas and ex-sug. And you deserve to have the bloat. Look. Oh, listen, Michael. I'll reserve it somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy. Thank you very much. All right. Oh, cheese. If it's not Chevy's. It's cheese. If it's not cheese. It's not cheese. It's what's that driving place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be ratio. And all I'm getting is dribble and chimmy chenga. Mmm. Mmm. And minutes. I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right. I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish. I want to live in a messy town. I want to live in a messy town. You live in an America. All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. I got to take over the Taco Bell. Chevy. Chevy. You want to come with us? No. I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Oh, you're from the kitchen. All right. All right. I got to go to MIT. Let me tell you something. If I were to fart right now, after the neighborhood would go. Oh, God. Goodbye. Good night. Good night. 11. 3. 5. 60. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. back there right now and give a fat boy what for? Straight in his fat ass out. Now here's a facts and I notice you see if you look at who these are from then it tells you a lot. You're good friend Mark, member chronic Mark, the facts are? Of course. Neil you missed the most important election news. You're good friend Sunny Rosenberg has come out of retirement as running in from air of Hallendale. Well no we didn't miss the news somebody called it about the yesterday. So guess what Mark? P.S. and satellite radio news. XM is raising their rate sequel series which is new several days old which I already read. So once again however as part of that they're making the channel out of the open and Anthony part of their basic package seems like they might have a need for some quality talk program for this channel if normal can stop playing big brother for a while maybe something to get done and guess what? I've just got these things really minutes ago Mark if you were paying more attention to me instead of correcting us all the time that we're already working on that and we're getting serious. P.S. and here's where you find it gets designed together. Josh isn't effing puts is what we know that. In fact anybody in a building named Josh has got some serious abagged these days including that junior makefully program director who's going to be doing UMB school that I would use a cackie in the beast. We got a bunch of little boy to the boys sports wannabes and all sorts of hits. Here's a fact that I like from Edon for Lauderdale. From Grand Jefshin Colorado a 40 year old woman described as a transient with yield and drag junction acute the jumping offense to Russell Naked with a dog and arrested that they've been indicated a Katherine Earl scale the four foot fence just before midnight two day then stripped in order to wrestle with the male laboratory retriever blue healer mix. What's her healer? I don't know. I don't know. Residents of the home are woke from the noise and called police responding off to the school said Earl told him she was having sex with the dog and that she does it all the time. The dog's owner six star said that Earl had been friendly with the dog but that Earl has been acting strangely for the past six months. The dog wasn't injured according to KMGH TV in Denver police arrested Earl on a previous warrant took her to be Mesa County jail of a survey 25 days sentence. How do you like that? She's dealing the door. It's been done. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. Hold her just smoking man. How many QA in home? See what I mean? How many QA in hello? Oh yeah Neil? Yes. There's a real good reason of both of those slots. That's all the great jobs and the education money. And the fact that we're going to separate ourselves from North Florida be real sophisticated with those slots. Yeah right. I'm Buzz Aldrin. I walked on the moon. You're a cell out on the fish. You get real. I'm a cell out right a cell out. Do you get a bag of money? I don't know. That's why the vote there is 264 years and 26 now. He didn't give us any reasons against it but he started just screaming into the phone. You're going to go wrong. In fact not just animal and go lock on a cockable one. I think you like that. But 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. Well I'm just wounded the quick. You know it? Yeah. I can counterfile. I'll be the same again. WDQA in. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. We said we gotta get rid of those connections guys. You're okay. Great. Let's see what else we're working on. 5, 6, 7. I'm giving a full numbers one last time and then I'm just going to dive into my file here and just proceed right along. You're at some heavy do these stuff here. Man I got a big pad pile okay. And these people are got just as much to say as they did before. One of the occasion which was absolutely nothing. Zero. Zippity Duda. Just a bunch of amateur little comedians and overgrown children trying to be very amusing. You know and they don't amused. Use it all. Do they? Or me? No. Or thems. Dominic QA. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I thought you're sure. I just wanted to tell you that. I think it's good and I like it and I'm going to go back to sleep back. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 6, 7. Oh, I know. How in 5, 6, you have a rise in singular wireless line. WDQA in. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. How are you doing today? Hey, listen. I was wondering. It's been a while. What ever happened to Sally Fitz? Let me ask you something. Oh, he's just gone. What? What ever happened to Sally Fitz? I don't know. Something to do with it. I don't. Something to do with ass. Which again, look at the mirror palace. I think you'll see the answer. We've selected right in your post. How many QA am? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing sir? Okay. I just wanted to let you know. I called in George last week when you were sick or playing a woodbot or whatever. I was talking about my DIY. I was on vacation last week, yeah. Beautiful vacation. It's good to have you back though, by the way. Anyway, you're talking about the re-release of the passion of the cries and the theaters. Yeah. I'm saying that they should do an alternate ending to it. And where Jesus doesn't get killed, but actually, jokes are deaf in the Chinese food they're having. Uh-huh. What was about his funny last week too? Yeah, I bet you was just as hysterically. He called you with that last week and calls right back and like you said, if the other guy didn't fall back to sleep right away, that'll do it. WQA, and hello. If you're on Goneo. Yes sir. Hi sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Good. Calling about the election thing today. I'm so pertopened the first election. The one where we didn't get the guy that we wanted to be in office. Yeah. So, I mean, I'm going to go anyway, and I have a significant other. He's going to vote. No. I'm going to vote yet. So we're going to catch up with his vote. But we're going to go out there and do it. What's he going to vote no for? Uh, he's against it. He thinks it's going to be. He's mind the whole question about his passion. Unity, so on and so forth. Oh my, about one. Why? It's important about one. Can I ask you a question seriously? He doesn't know about that man. He's number three, by the way. I'm going to tell him that later. But I sort of forget about number three, number one, number two. Forget about that. What kind of crime goes on at the per Mutuals? Well, what is this man talking about? Well, I don't know. He lives up in the he's from Syracuse. And they have that Indian resume. He's very wise. He's from Syracuse. Yeah. And there's this casino by his house. It's kind of like they're taking over the place. Uh, the Indians. That's an Indian casino. That's not a state-run casino. That's the Indians. Well, thanks. The other one. And if there were a lot of crime in Syracuse? Uh, no, but the Indians are kind of taking over the place. That's part of that thing. Well, that's one or real good reason to vote. No, so the Indians can get all of revenue from gambling and South Florida. You knit with you man. Go off with your boyfriend. You fairy. God. Is that pathetic or what? Typical. Yeah. Typical new and Tyler two man. And here's to you. That is just, it's just mind-blowing. The idea is if they should call off elections in America until we start requiring people to pass a test if they don't even know what they'll date is or what soccer put on which foot or what shooter stick up their ass to how to help them. We let them go vote. Oh, they got the Indians are taking over in Syracuse. Well, what the hell is that guy to do with anything? What does that have to do with, uh, you know, it let me in. He's have all the gambling here. You in Vasil. Man, oh, man, I think between him and his boyfriend. That's the, we got, uh, a little bit of an ass problem there. If he asked me, you know what? To ask you. For $187 votes. Yes, $228. Do you know what? We got it. Can't vote $97. Don't give us $163 and won't vote. Only 17 people are that, that in different won't vote. People who could, people are registered, people are capable. But just won't do it because they're lazy Josh, only 17. Well, nothing to say. Watch out for the right to please. Don't think about being hurt. Whatever, you will never be hurt. wissen this. There'll never be self. Don't think about shame. Listen to I . Mother me. You're not it! God, doesn't it? t, please. I'll be you. On cognition, after reflecting sadness, stays in line with those opposing feelings of love. I think we got a shot on the thousandth and in just quarters is if we get to a thousand votes by two o'clock to go out and vote. So that's it. You didn't say that? Sure. I'm looking on the list here. Well just lie about it. Okay, this pretend you went vote. Or just lie a lot. You're in radio. Syracuse has the 16th lowest. I don't know why I'm dignifying those screamers with this with the effort. Syracuse is 16th lowest crime rate of all these hundred and whatever it is, couple hundred cities listed on this list. I'm not using me. 16th lowest. But it must be those engines over there in Syracuse that took over which makes a lot of sense to me. What does that kind of have to do with the economy? They took up an whole community. Yeah, that's another good reason. They're well vote. Yes. To take the power away from those engines. Would those just cigarettes with the worms in them? So far for star Jason Cook, you know who that is? No. Neither do I. Was arrested after he allegedly became argumentative with their port officials who found up type with marijuana they'd reen his luggage in Des Moines, Iowa. The gate of our lives act, it was arrested yesterday at the Des Moines International Airport about 6am on charges of public intoxication drug paraphernalia. He was in Des Moines over the weekend for the 31st annual variety club Telefon. Jason appeared to be intoxicated. Troy signs his bloodshot watery eyes argumentative behavior, inability to follow instructions and smell strongly of an alcoholic beverage. Police reports said, stand rentals volunteer producer of the Telefon City Bill Cook out of jail. I'm just sick to my stenico. But this I just love this young man. He said, this is a fourth year coming here to help us and he just works his tail off of the kids' rental set. He works his tail off the kids. Telefon raised me an admin in for children's charity. So what do you think? They ought to give me a free pass when you think? Absolutely. Crown-out loud. Here's a fact that says, why do we have to vote price for slot machine? Something that makes a lot of sense. How come we can vote against the stadium? Something I feel the majority of the county doesn't want. Not only that you feel and doesn't give a crap about 82% of the people in South Florida and the state in general don't want any state money going to build that stadium for the million owners. I voted yes for slots. I have no plans I never going. I feel it makes sense. F. Yeah Bush is says here. Well, good thinking. 5-6-705-60. I'm sorry that we all sold out on this. You know? He's a big bag. So money. Big stacks of money for our baby. It's nice to share. Yeah. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah, this is Bill from member park. Yes, Bill. Yeah, I want to talk to you about the government. Speaking. But I want to sell for how little be. How big are your partners? How long do you think it'll be the way? Probably like 25. Probably about an hour and a half. How in a half? Yeah. Two hours. Come on. If you're on right now, Bill, come on. Let's go. Let's get one. It is your chance to assign your moment to star in the assembly. I've got a history of the survey and I really like, you don't make this show. I'll listen to you. You're on right now. Let me say it again. Let me draw your diaphragm. You're on right now. I knew. I just fucked the numbers. They didn't have it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60, 50. I mean, if I rise in and see it, I'll write a song. See, I mean, he had some good to say. That's right. It was worth it. But what was real good? Wow. We're going to get to that thousand most by two o'clock. And it's Josh is going to have to go out there and pretend he voted. Right? Right. Good. WQAM. Good morning, and the lady's at the university. Sir. Thank you so much. You're the first one to mention that. I mentioned somebody called it about that yesterday. I'm just overwhelmed by the tremendous, the phenomenal feeling of emotion and sentiment and love from the audience today. It's basically the same story. You know, the same sounds for a emotion is usual. Yeah. I call it on Friday. And, you know, I was concerned with something with Ron, because you've never missed your anniversary. But I'm glad you're having it wrong. It's not never missed by vacations. That's a lot more important than me. That's from stupid. I miss that. Right. There's one thing I've been wanting to share with you. If you close your ears, which is probably a good thing to their both only is health, just a gacking, Phil, Sim, sound identical, sir. Yeah. Singin' words. Yeah. They're equally dull. And I think Jeff Bush's big objections are the slots. The slots work properly in his voting machines, though. They're good point. You can't have them programmed by dibald. Well, you know. As I have told everybody, if you want to come down the right side of an issue, just find out what a Bush says and do the opposite. Amen. I voted as in tea and I'll do it again. All right. Good work, Pally. Thank you, sir. See you. Bye-bye. 560, Pong 560 out of Ryzen and Singin' a Rival Slimes in a desperate attempt to wake up the masses out there. Are they doing it or what? No. I hear the rumors are they're piling in by the ones in the polling spots. You have to tell seven o'clock tonight. Even Josh Cortis right after the show is going to stiff his brother and go out there and spend 23 minutes voting. Yeah, immediately. See if he just shut up and leave well enough alone. I'm trying to lie for you, okay? Because I know you're not going to go. I know you're a lazy piece of turd and you're not going to go. Oh, that's nice. Huh? That's what you know, Honolati B. The turd. Right. That's why I hear. That's what Eric told me. 560, 05, you didn't tell me that. It's just made up. This is sure up a little bit. All right, now do we ever find out what earth's problem was up there? I didn't ask. It's a personal thing about his kid ran away from home. Who's that could blame? Whatever. Maybe he takes somebody somewhere. Oh. WKOM. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm great. How are you doing? Good. Sorry. That's what you did. Well, I had that bacon this morning. Like had a big impact. Beautiful. Hey, you still smoke. Good to go. I don't smoke. See, there's any more of the kid. They give you a big two more in your tongue or in your mouth. I don't forget anywhere near him. Sorry to hear that. I was doing all this about a flat pack. I think they should back all the tails right in the left lane to 155 on that. Okay. Great. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh my god. Pond 5. Somebody heard Joseph Gackie's name. My chin and all of a sudden we went into this coma phase. Wow. Yeah. Good God. WKOM. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing, buddy? Good. I've worried about the crime that's going to happen to me. You see, no. Isn't people shouldn't be worried about people? Well, first of all, we're not going to have casinos. No, no. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. But I'd be more worried about the old people that are going to wake up about an hour to come out and play now. Yeah. So you have a nice day, buddy. Okay. You have a nice day too, buddy. Whatever you say. Terror on the highway. Terror on the highway is all the old parts you're going to be out there driving. That's nuts. How many QAM? Hello. Any help? Yes sir. I don't know what the problem is. There's voting. Yes. On the gambling issue. We take a gamble every time we get on the road. Some rise. Oh, that's it. That was it. That was it. Oh, boy. There's a lot of old people who drive bad and sound photo. There's a bulletin for you. Okay. I got news for you, man. Your people, your material is stinger than last year's home interaction. All right. Good. God. Talk about pathetic. That's why we need to get on serious. Those callers that were like, which some hours relatives, whoever else remember that? Yeah. They're right. We need to make that serious deal. At least then we open up to some calls from like some different living and breathing people as opposed to the same old style, massive brim and this is Kakka. This is pathetic. Just tragic. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Neil, I just voted. Neil, I wasn't going to, but you persuaded me. And how did you vote sir? I voted yes. Well, good for you, man. You made up for Josh Cortis at Lazy Pilecraft. I mean, I just happened to me on the way back home from the vet. I took my dog and I saw the school there by my house. How long did it take? How long did it take? It took about 45 seconds. See, there you go, because there's no lines. There's no waiting. It's not like no vendor like regular election day. There's no waiting in most places. You, how are you going to operate in? You do your thing and you hop right out. Right out. I went in, give my name. They had me a thing. I went over to the computer press. Yes. Press review. You press vote. I thought it was done. I mean, we're just like a real victim. The Kathy Willows has many hop in. You hop out. That's it. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I ain't, I'm probably more into that cheat up. But if I buy some pretty good stuff. Okay. What else are you talking about? Good. Fruit food. What? What are you talking about? Fruit food. What are you talking about? Here's a facet from Jennifer. I can't believe we have a lady list there now. You can't complain about our female audience because we don't have any. Jennifer says I'm voting yes. voting yes because of for reneighets letter in a heralded a people like her and her family should be rewarded not reprimanded for the generosity and contribution to our community vote yes thanks for being on a right set for reneighets letter in a herald I guess I'm gonna have to check that out how record what does that mean I understand what the do you have any idea who reneighets is well I have to look at the letters in a hell of a online momentarily wqam hello yeah you need to get serious yeah okay buddy we'll call up your a hardster and family member yeah you're normal cancer friend take care buddy okay see you don't want to talk too long that's his a brother that's a hard brother hey listen all Jeremy Coleman's got to do is put some dollars to it okay it's very easy to keep saying but a bit but a little put some money on the table baby we'll do it time to get serious I mean we're talking to the same bosos I'm talking to for like almost 30 years now for crying all I've come in nine years don't even have the decency to call in happy anniversary kneel 29 years of be on here making a jackass out of yourself and his time nice going baby not even like that because you're a bunch of hard asses that's what that town's all about a hot towel would know a heart when Jean Piddly saying that song a town without pity man he had my any right in his brain he had gentile on his mind you know five hundred fifty don't we're not gonna make no thousand anyway we're not gonna come close to a thousand so you're safe charge yeah you're safe don't even worry about it don't even think about it well we'll be lucky to get to 600 away this crowd goes like we you know it hey you know when you shop for quality footwear there's a great store brandy shoes and popular beats have been talking about for many many many many many years now at brandy's you'll find the biggest luck to men's and women choose anywhere in town the best service they want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and the best prices in town period at brandy's all the top quality names are waiting for your rock ports floor shine SAS very timid naturalizer all the others and of course with brandy's humongous election you can bet Greg reads life on it that whatever style you like they got your size on a shelf ready to put on your feet right now brandy's is open daily Monday through Saturday from nine to nine Sunday send the five and you'll find brandy's at twelve ninety north federal highway and popular beats it's always worth the trip treat your feet right slip them over to brandy's this week kind of brandy's for special savings this week pro walkers are only forty eight ninety and this week take twenty percent off all great SES styles too so be sure to come into brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping online at brandy's shoes dot com your signature meal ruggers for this week you may add on the only of my am i spark you want to know where the spark went i used to think sex life hmm that's gonna fit somewhere in between kids work cleaning stress even if i wasn't the mood i was just too tired well that was before i heard about apple milk i tried it i had passion yeah passion you're scaring me come back here i'm gonna thought passion you can run but you can't hide introducing ablamil the new non prescription one state of the tablet make just for us i want to get you heard my arm this is how i really am i'm back to being me let's go for me you just want me for the sex for free 30 days simple cycle call or go online today i'm so much it you're right so about the era living the worst website in the history of mankind yes you're making them they do here's uh i love to be this right and date all white jury i'm off mic doesn't look at it i'm looking for that letter from all what's your name hidey flice right i don't see it oh well let's see you know careaway Denise villas john solven trung a trig atoms uh i don't see no such letter starter with the tonne about do you have a herald there i'm i don't even know why i ask i'm not no i mean there might be one of the hiding flice had a good letter with paper whatever here's a fact from land is as i voted early four to slots in downtown four lot of now when i registered the election official last week when i last voted i said November of over four she didn't tell me after being reactivated in the system some i'd become deactivated looks like my carry vote didn't count says when my deal i said i wear how many other thousand gold i stood in the list in the four lot of day alone didn't count for carry through here's a fact from jaffrey in candle obviously needs to get out of the house a little bit more often it's just i'm gonna travel the can of this month besides a passport what other papers are needed thanks jaffrey in candle i would say the sunset on the herald i maybe the eternal star is that rather said well i guess you know if you've never been anywhere just the past port will do jaffrey okay here around a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon and singular rye of the sun and by the way when you see all the snow on the ground when you cross the border you'll have to understand you're in Canada now how many q a and hello no sir are you sir pretty good i just want to tell you i'm on my way to go vote right now yes and another thing i was wondering if i'm sundae evening you cut the day line special without any in no didn't see we had a couple of calls about a jord saw yeah i mean this guy is like the christian hiller man he's such a crook yeah and they were showing how this guy was talking about about our president again okay thanks that was it well speaking of that yeah dog Thompson writes the rant on capital hill blue writes american Hitler and he's not talking about he said a cancer infects this country spreading like wildfire devouring the flesh of our society and training in turn what was once the greatest nation on earth into a running corpse of political corruption greed and abuse of power the cancer has a name jord's w bush yeah yeah come me a bush basher if you want i don't give a damn if you still support this mad man check yourself out of the new rsaki enter cost for the first shot therapy somebody has to stand up against this american Hitler this destroyer freedom is devil with a draw i've watched a lot of dangerous man passed the portals of politics in my lifetime demigods like senator joma carathy racist like alabana governor jord wallas and former kukkaks kindly their david duke as well as tell tracing vended david david driven this with slight bill Clinton but none repeat non-comparatively fear-mongering heeked homophobia and anti-american actions of w and his cavern of fanatics who are help and to destroy the constitution personal freedoms civil liberties and just about anything else have provided the foundation of this place called america no president has done more to destroy freedom in america his first hindered himler the bible thumping tight asked john ashcroff two americans in jail without cause and denied them due process while ignoring the constitution with the right robbing us a patriot act bush's new himmer no attorney general albert alganzallas promises to take jack food at the retina's highs prosecuting citizens for watching dirty movies and pushing for more spying on american citizens while calling the constitution an outdated document mean while the brain five republican lemming who looked w's ass and boots and proclaimed his mythical greatness apparently relish the destruction of america while wrapping themselves in fake patriotism and claim that anyone who doesn't follow their madness in absolute lockstep is unamerican and unpatriotic horsemen these people are the real traders to america should be treated as such they've sold out their country in the name of political power in greed willing to sacrifice what's best for the nation ordered maintain control and push their narrow minded puritanical agenda on a numb populace bush in the stollab republicans are also traders to their party one thought it on the principle of less government responsible spending in states rights together the bush white house in his republican controlled congress created the largest federal bureaucracy in history pushed the deficit to all time highs and forced never increasing blood of federal regulations on state governments they've lied that american people cheated on the principles established by our forefathers and brought this grace to this nation on the world stage international respect for america's in all time low thanks to an Iraq war based on lies and arrogance without limits like Hitler bush may well go down in history as a mass murderer nobody knows for sure how many innocent Iraqis have died in american hands because the Pentagon hides those figures but the number grows every day hell and attack in hostage negotiator can't even try to bring back someone from their country without getting gunned down by american troops in Iraq thanks to George W. Bush and those who follow him america's no longer the home of the braver land of the free that america's gone maybe did must just maybe it can be reclaimed when the goons prox thieves and traders who control our country are driven from office or maybe it's too late maybe we said our collective asses too long while traders took over the country maybe we've been silent too long while american citizens with arabic last names i wrote it up like cattle and sent to concentration camps of glantanamo bay maybe we should remember these words first it came for the communist i didn't speak up because i wasn't a communist then they came for the jews and i didn't speak up because i wasn't a jew then they came for the catholic and i didn't speak up because i was a Protestant then they came for me and by that time there was no one left to speak for me the reverend martinimol or wrote those words in germany 1945 and early supporter of a dollar he realized too late his terrible error i can remember what i was about the only one calling though these people not season bush uh comparing him to him or it said one so on now more people are finally starting to see the blade in one of the same the kitchen on a little bit too late i think though president Clinton's gonna be the scar tissue wrote from his heart well good raking news on CNN raking news how to be real five hundred eight nine votes boys pretty sad you know and in vision which you know what makes this even more embarrassing that is i put the pull up the new one up which i'm gonna try to do like eight forty five this morning through early so we had a couple of red votes on there already by the time the show started you see what i'm saying how the mighty a fallen okay for the glorious days when we had an audience born i was right i've hundred ninety votes how did you or were you vote on today's slot machine referendum yes three hundred forty one no thirty two can't vote 120 don't give a schmitz seventy world vote nineteen the Josh courtesses of the free world my life my bill Clinton read for you by the author when i was fifteen i spotted a woman i hadn't seen before she had thick dark blonde hair and wore eyeglasses and no makeup i'm attracted the dog nevertheless i beg it it was wonderful in rhythmy kaden season minutes in the bowl in the real spirituals i jerry up down and up and up and up and up and up and up and i couldn't stop a friend took a photo for me and pornographic home movie i was enlaided and for family reasons when we were done he said if you're going to come up me we ought to at least know each other's names mine's Hillary wrong it was our first date seventeen till noon if five sixty he's all hard you know and now here's uh fast to clarify you see if we had people in the building who would like to verify for me and instead of sending me stupid stories about some cat and if sent this to us we could have got this straight now at minutes ago the name is florence act who's the founder of a flag or dog track it wasn't an editorial or related to the editor she had to take out a full page yet in the world thanks Jennifer she includes it here i'm going to read it how do you like that i i mean it's not as good as whatever the guardman guy does how's he doing i can't do it right either not can't either maybe he'll facet into you know we haven't heard from my little i'll any more since i come back that's pretty depressing you know i guess allows like most of the audience out there out of material anyway here's the ad my name is florence hectic and i'm the matriarch of the heck family the founders not for it is a flag or dog track my lat has been issy and i made mine here home almost sixty years ago our daughters and their families are probably members of the mime community we are committed to its future flag or dog track is employed thousands of people over the years in date county it's been an entertainment destination for residents and tourists alike my lat has been proudly bill flagger donations great house show place is in recent years of a ber flag or like all other permutual tracks has suffered a decline do largely to the proliferation of untaxed and unregulated gambling in forms of indian conceded cruises to know where in the internet these gambling venues produced no tangible benefits throughout community in the form of tax revenues and remain holy unregulated and unaccountable gambling is alive and flourishing in south florida fees venues and in the ever increasing game sponsored by the state run law to re-end its here to stay the march a refer to and that will allow us to bring slum machine gaming to our facility gives the citizens a floater chance to finally get gaming right flag the resdrund the other six permutuals in date and brought counties and committing to reasonable regulation responsible gaming practices and accountability while at the same time maximizing revenues to supplement public education funding in our state a yes vote on march a full enable flag or dog track alone to increase its mime employee based by nearly three thousand new employees these new jobs are quality skill jobs that will pay significantly higher than minimum wage since my late husband and i moved to thord in 1939 we've been blessed with success in our business ventures have and have in turn sure that success by giving back much to this community the court attacks on flagver's fine employees their families in our facilities unwarded and hurtful we are the face in the heart of the permutual business since my husband purchased the dog tracks so long ago the heck family and our larger flagver family have been among the most responsible in our wonderful community is my children of grown i'm proud that they have joined me in a family commitment to the city we love and call home we care deeply about the community and the quality of life it provides we've been proud and privileged to contribute significantly to many my main statistic including the my my city ballet florida grand opera the bass museum jackson memorial hospital not sign our hospital my my heart institute bass can pumber i institute many others what remains most important to us are verse education as evidence by our family's commitment to both university of my me were both my daughter when i service trustees and to f i u i'm humbled in proud to say that we truly help make this a better community in which to live last fall the people of florida voted to allow the residents of dain brood counties the opportunity to design for ourselves we can become the beneficiaries of revidence opportunities afforded by tax and regulated slot machines or we can do nothing and leave gaming unregulated untapped without any benefit to our children's education future it is my hope today the voters will cast their ballots for more money for our children's education and better paying jobs in south florida i'm committed on behalf of myself and my family continue to support my enemy and to continue to be a good business steward of its trust i'm asking you my neighbors and my friends to support the flag of family by voting yes to authorize regulated responsible tax revenue producing slot machines in flagger and the other two existing parametrials of an use in david county we recognize that our yes vote represents a great vote of confidence in our business and our family we will not let you down today please vote yes for all of our futures sign florist act she had been to pay the hell to make all that's gone florida's you go girl i'd like that thanks Jennifer for our not only clarifying that but facts in the to us right right which we sure weren't going to get it from the inside on here's a fact from fill happy related twenty-nineth anniversary of actual i feel draw hearts we are all like most of the heartless cool bastards in south florida who just don't care enough to send a very best they do care enough to the send a very worst all i believe we haven't got the very worst yet you know i think it's speaking of worst did you get any a brow waste from our friend uh... Hanson primes and no no we never did wow never know more about that no we never did oh you can't complain about our sales department about the job they're doing why did they suck six hundred and twenty two votes how do you or will you vote on today's slum machine referendum in david brown in david and yes three hundred and sixty four no thirty five can't vote one twenty three don't give a shmend eighty one vote twenty dry committee q a and hello no that got sir i want about their kiss was right you got a boat no they need to take it over i'm a top of that provided my wagon oh yeah but she doesn't know the numbers oh yeah whoo i know that guy he's a real he must be kind of defo that guy there's the best call today by far so far yeah he's good five six seven oh five sixty i think he's doing something with his time time or his tp for somebody around two fifty one time five sixty on the average in singular rava sline's w q a m hello hi you Joe hi w q a m hello yes uh... neo please speaking please neo this is ten hi can i just voted in uh... wet little hervanna and that was park hey break yes and it's crowded wow all those six are voting yes well good for them thank god for them and uh... no god but nobody's water out with no vote so far forget no i i think why i'm here for every episode today they don't go to a good point of the day okay have a good weekend a man what i mean a good week at all have work okay and but don't forget about that papaya man what was he talking about he was talking about uh... cell cheater and papaya oh i see some kind of pornographic uh... spik code is evident that's food and i bet five six seven five sixty just clean up your act of the uh... ratha joyous is going to come down on your ass man i i don't want to go into it for what the joy from what i'm hearing from what i'm hearing she is the definitive exactly what you suspect for the measly corporate attorney you know that kid up in the tree in a entry with a banjo yeah that's your boy joyous twin brother so many q a m hello two a m yes or speaking no yeah the jewelry have been to uh... two to come into fifty no the two to come into fifty was the most uh... the past area in the country the book and cancels there that is there in our and our flourishing yeah don't see the not the falls of the same way in our american signar the falls you have a casino and our gorgeous casino and our start to do yeah that is the past area also people don't see it i've been there by the way the new one in the agro falls on terios phenomenal oh nice the go into the there i'll do much crime with the view now not at all safe as can be yeah so i was thinking they're not okay good luck if i was going to pass i'm pretty confident i mean the or granted it's our show is our coming in ko left wing uh... fag whatever you know but never let's look at the margin there man what's not what's not to like you think does yet wish reading the people are that stupid they're going to buy this hysteria about crime and with all the respect of the last car we're not talking about casinos we're talking about slot machines at the race tracks which i understand is a novel concept in florida it's not novel in many other places like i mentioned yesterday dover delaware dover dans were the person's arid gigantic the racing essential where they bring enormous amounts of evidence like right here up to road a pc it would buy and mole hawk and all over on terio they've spotted at air i think i'm not really sure they haven't vc you're not really Columbia but in our material every race track is got slot machines even a small retracted like flambro they are they are got slot machines they got slots in montana how do you like that and it brings in enormous amounts of revenue and uh... what's not to like is there is there a crime in these terms and it's just mind blowing to me see this guy your fan asked of it or he's talking to a bunch of stupid ignorant people who've never been anywhere who all you have to do is throughout a bunch of buzzwords oh crime and the social deals right away uh oh yeah the get all panicky and uh you know just just come up with a negative but there are no negatives and as far as people are going to lose their life savings or whatever you know something there's already plenty of gambling right now anybody who's addictive uh... al ready's got plenty of chances in florida lose their ass they can lose their lunch money on the lottery every week if they want poker with their friends exactly go poke your friends or poke your enemies or just poke the Indian sounds good that whole Indian thing man ever really frost my ass that's another thing every one of you ought to keep in mind today is what they pulled back in november talk about the big lie talk about selfish talk about grotesque five point six million dollars then i saw some of those spots absolutely aren't the eliva sky was gonna fall if the people voted for this thing the whole image of south flor was gonna be ruined and the families would stop coming in and yada yada yada in a part of your poetry and the meantime was the money uh coming from the engines almost six million dollars from the freaking cemeterals it's okay for the hard rock casino there in uh uh howly would that's fine because those are the good engines the honest engines honest ever heard such a stupid bunch of crap now actually there are a bunch of liars because their whole ad campaign was was full of lies six hundred and forty one votes how well you voted did you vote on the slotted shoe today yes three hundred and seventy three no thirty six the seller could spend a pass to you yes can't vote hundred twenty seven don't give it to you sixy five or eighty five and the won't vote twenty what's your own that's okay we got a lot of people like to ask for a lot young punk's what is he care you know he's the busie getting laid brothers probably got a hot date waiting for more than a house is in senate help move yeah yeah so he pays me out right probably got some hot bitch in heat waiting over there at the house mm-hmm and I think you made the right choice quote frankly no it is you way and hello hey I own a channel with very honest erase it hollywood and flyer I'm calling me on the slotted yeah you're talking to them this is me Neil I erase it hollywood and flyer dog track and my family just for years and I'm calling about the slotted issue of former people that the tax dollars that the slots will produce are going directly to the school that thirty percent of the dollars that are paid in right and also people after remember the Indians don't pay a dime in taxes and as far as crime goes like you said on a radio there has not been one bit of additional crime since that Indian casino opened up there in hollywood and there be no more additional crime because the state regulates our tracks to the point of where we are not allowed to bring our dogs in and less they're perfectly weighed and they're tested and so forth there's no crime involved and anybody thinks there is is just being blind to the matter or not even bother to research the issue yeah so I wish that people would say look at that and as far as the job is though it'll increase our industry will be able to add two to three people to each candle that's just the matter of twenty or thirty jobs but that's just an r industry alone never mind anything else it have to do with the servicing of the tracks or anything else you know so you know there's a lot of the politics that is saying and people should take a look at that a job is a job no matter if it's a minimum wage or or top dollar at least people are able to work you know that's what this is gonna do you know okay good luck pal thank you lots of years of fact it says Carlos Alver was in favor of the slots so you need to fact have jabs help what a sellout this is from jackie in the candle what kind of leadership may or governor wants to shut down an entire industry is for the tourist driven state why would they want to limit jobs economic prosperity for its locals because the unregulated gambling companies and big tourist competition companies pay for jabs words or it is just playing week whatever jackie means it just playing week it just like this week right what ever you say jackie's all whipped up I'm just that I have a scratchy throat man it's the weather yesterday was 45 days like uh ten yeah it's March what can I tell you all or y'all could be there so I'm have no complaints it's eleven fifty seven three minutes to learn we got more Howard David two Jim and it's in four rock and we got Pittsburgh you and baseball the hurricanes at six fifty five eighty cast in baseball game that's baseball with Joseph Gaki Josh Kordes and the beast wow hey the Emil coasts Lord is number one Asian gourmet buffet that's not just mine pin and that's as rated by the highly respected Zagat Restaurant Review you can still enjoy lobster fest every Friday through Sunday night featuring May lobster thermator and addition the The Amal Coast will still be serving Han-Kar Prime Rib, and from their flaming grill FOOLING! New York Sticks hooked exactly the way you like him. For those seafood lovers out there, the menu still includes hot dungeonous crab. Fresh oysters on a hefthell, stone crab claws, and a sushi bar with over 30 different items. But, stirred, man! Make sure to leave room for dessert at the amazing 40-inch chocolate-fondu fountain where you can hand dip your own strawberries, marshmallows, other decked and treats, and don't forget the Amal Coast for most healthy living, too, because they use no crab and are cooking. The best G, no cornstarch, no garbage, they cook everything with only cholesterol-free canola oil. Don't forget to book your reservations at one of Amal Coast's three-safelful locations. There is nobody quite like Amal Coast. They're in sunrise, Sunday, Os Beach, and Pembroke Pines for the Amal Coast called 9-5-4-57-238-22. That's 9-5-4-57-2-3822. I'm Paul Linn, and if you ask me, there are a few more signs I'm playing grab-as with this wish guide, is the Neil Roger 12-1 hour. Well, he's a fella, has he not me? Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I sent my little bra, he, oh, we didn't agenda that craft me. Oh, well he's a fella, has he not me? No, but they are fillet. Well, he's a presidential son, who doesn't have to run? And Elsa's gonna win, he might as well just go right in. She got it. She got it. He has a golden spoon, he was born with nothing that's so look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gas, leave the salad, have me that seat. Oh, you give our little rights the whammy. Oh, buddy, the salad, have me that seat. Love a red bell-a-een-hole. That means that very well we do, with very bad excuse. You who never played his dues by next year will always grow. She got it. She got it. She got it. She got it. And he's fucked with me that raise against funny, okay? Why do you think they call it Gilbert? Victoria Lany's raise, isn't Bella Lany's nasty? Oh, will they think they pay pay for that seat? Oh, yeah, he's a fella, has he not me? Oh, we're bad, they're way. Get out of the two steps. Get off, let's go. Let's go, let's go. Yes, Bush. Hi, back to my room. It's a 12 or two. I'm just reading something off the Sun Sentinel here. It's going to really piss you off and me. Okay, but let's wait until it comes off the back machine. We have a good time. First of all, the younger brother of Michael Jackson's accusative is scrap for jurors in graphic detail. How he twice saw the pop star grope the child while the young boy lay sleeping in Jackson's vetted as never land ranch. The brother also testified yesterday that Jackson showed them internet sex sites gave them wine, slept in bed with them, and appeared before them naked and sexually accused, aroused that the pop star is never land ranch. Me and my brother were watching a movie and Michael walked up naked the 14 year old witness testified. Me and my brother were grossed out. He sat on the bed and said it was natural and left the room. Speaking calmly, directly and unemotionally, he said the molestation occurred shortly after Jackson had shown the boy's sexual explicit magazines that he kept in the suitcase in his bedroom. We've all heard the allegations for some time, but this testimony marks the first time someone has accused Jackson molestation from the witness stand notes CBS's Steve Futterman. The younger brother was very straightforward with his testimony. At times he hesitated trying to find a proper word to describe some of the more graphic allegations, said Futterman, the big question now is how will he hold up under cross examination. This would turn a Tom Stedon projected on a courtroom screen. The cover of magazines, including one called Verley Legal, which depicting an extremely young woman with her breasts exposed. The defense has said Jackson had girly magazines in his house, but never showed them the children. The boy said that after seeing Jackson with his hand on his brother's underwear, he witnessed another episode of what he described as masturbation two days later. He did not state the dates of the instance, which the prosecutor says, followed a February 2003 TV documentary in which Jackson appeared with a boy at Neverland. Jackson is accused of molestation, audio, I we know that. The press is expected to attack the county's fiction designed by the children's mother, and attempt to get the money from the pop star. The courtroom was still during the voice testimony yesterday. Sometime the voice folks softly had to be told to speak up, but didn't hesitate to answer questions. The Rosie Chief Boy appeared to grow fatigue by the end of the day, yawning widely, and rubbing his eyes with his hands. He faced more questions by the prosecutor today. The brother said that Jackson first brought up the subject of masturbation with him and asked if he ever did it. The boy said he answered, no. Then he said to me, everyone does it. You should try it. It's okay. The witness said to Jackson. He also told Jackson conducting private drinking parties with his young boy guests, and which he served him one, and called it Jesus Jews. The witness indicated he was surprised when he walked in on Jackson, touching his brother. He said he pushed open the door to Jackson's room, and I saw directly onto the bed. I saw my brother was outside the covers. I saw Michael's left hand and my brother's underwear, and I saw his right hand and his underwear, as he said. He described his brother as curled up and snoring slightly, and said he saw Jackson masturbating. Two days later, he said he encountered a similar scene after entering Jackson's home. I went upstairs the same thing was happening, but my brother was on his back. My brother was asleep. Michael was masturbating while he had his left hand and my brother's underwear. The witness said he didn't tell his mother or sister what happened, nor did he tell his brother what he had seen. I didn't know what to do the witness said I went back to my guest room. The witness said the first person he told about the incident was psychologist Stan Kats, who interviewed the boy and then notified the authorities. The boy also described an incident which Jackson grabbed a mannequin that he kept in his bedroom, and pretended like he was having intercourse with it on bed while fully clothed and laughing. During his were also shown a photo of a mannequin depicting a girl with braids. Jackson left the court and a reporter asked him how he felt, hearing the testimony the singer said, I'm sorry, I'm under a gag order. Sorry, I'm under a gag order. I'm sorry. I'm under a gag order. It's a joke. It was very sweet. It's a joke. Okay. Anyway, get back to this which I'm depressed down. This may just be more of that propaganda in a son's civil. Let's see, Dave County less than about 18% broader expecting less than 20% in date. Now, it goes on to say, implantation where an intense race is underway for city council, see voting was reported brisk. And many of the people exiting the polls in downtown for Loderdale this morning said they had voted against the stop machine initiative. I don't have a more Alicia with gambling said train Morgan 27, but I don't trust an initiative that doesn't have more details about how it's going to be taxing as schools are going to be funded. What do I have enough trust in the legislature to work it out afterward? Norman Hardy, 62 agreed. The lottery when they started that up they said it was going to be go to the schools and all they knew was subtracted from the money they gave, fool me once but you ain't going to fool me twice. Ruth Marx, a four-laterally old resident who runs an insurance company, also felt nervous about approving slot machines, but she said decided to vote yes because she said schools are in dire need. I went out of the hard rock for the first time last week and I saw all the people she said it because seen her run by the several Indians here, Hollywood. People are spending money anyway just might be a benefit. And it goes on and on and on and on and Patricia Leverty says I've known people with gambling problems I've seen what it does to their life. I'm also an animal-everative vegetarian I think that those dogs are suffering. She doesn't want to support the dog tracks. Isn't it interesting how they single it out and say, here we got a pool. What do we got so far on our pool? Now I realize that this isn't the sun-central and it's not downtown for a lot of day. But we got 390 yes and 44 no and a sun-central many people leaving voted against. How many? What percentage? What are we talking about here? They quote one woman who said yes, who was at the hard rock and saw the Indians chop it up all the money. And other than that everybody is like, oh, see it's the end of the world. They're all voting against. Don't believe it. Now one thing I will say and that is if it turns out that this reminds me of the metro railroad. I remember like it was yesterday. There was absolutely not a chime in chance in hell that the metro railroad was passed by the voters a day county. No chance. None. I sent and watch those election returns all night long. And all of a sudden friend was losing and losing and losing. All of a sudden in the last the ass and the other of the votes came in from Homestead. And that put it over the top. How does that make any sense to you? Of course the metro railroad go anywhere near Homestead. Does it do any benefit to the people who lived in Homestead? No. But all of a sudden they just disrespect what all the other first elections we have in Florida. So if this one even turns out to be close, you have the damn sure they'll find a way to steal it. W2AM Hello. John Gila. W2AM Hello. Not there. 560, 0560, pound 560, univorized in Singular Wireless lines. W2AM Hello. Hi. Okay, here's our last one. QAM Hello. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I voted today. A bunch of other degenerates in there. So it looks good for us. Yeah. Did you vote? He didn't. Why? You got a result? No, I'm a resident by the time. I wasn't going to come down there to vote. I couldn't get my FcB ballot in time or didn't say no how to do it this time. And so I have somebody voting who wasn't going to vote anyway to make my vote count. Okay. Well, looks good. All the degenerates in there. Good. That's what we want. Yep. Thanks. Yeah. Well, that's not the Bible's numbers. The church and don't forget the people on a vote. No, you can do it tomorrow. W2AM Hello. I voted for today. You all go. I'm nervous to my underwear. Okay. Well, get the mannequin to vote two a couple of times. Make sure. Right? Absolutely. Get the man in your kin to vote. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You'd vote a scratchy throw. It's really getting me nervous. You know, but like, several days to come to it. But, my plus you did such a sensational job. Right. Yeah. You did. That's what I'm hearing from all the ships and see. Nobody QAM. Hello. Any? I got one for your fight. I mean, your fall. Yeah. The first of all, I often like to say, you got these people calling. We're worried about if the money's going to be a lot out and check money or not. You know, even if the money doesn't suit them out. There's people put their change into a slot machine. They go down at a liquor store. They buy beer and wine. They go to smoke cigarettes. Doing the hell. It's written right into the measure that 30% of it is going to go to education. It's going to be directly your marks for public education. I don't know how people keep making this crap up. That would probably work a lot of ways. That wasn't written properly. And they wound up giving a bait and switched to the public. And you know, somewhere Mickey Irson's back there. And he's pumping some cash that way too. Absolutely. Make no mistake about a man. He's another suffice bastard that wants it all for himself. Those cruise ships to nowhere. You got it. You got it. I'm not a material meal. Okay. Thanks. He's out of material. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. Here's line nine. There late. Something. See what? They're late on eight. Nine. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. I'm doing it. Sir, I'm going to try one more time. Speak to me. Yes, sir. On TV, and you haven't seen it, but there's some air that the Kristen Coalition are running. Oh, yeah. They said that there's one that they have Las Vegas in 1997 as the most part of the city in the country. They said that they said that they had all these private Las Vegas are reported to the popular city in the country. Yes, that's what they said. When 97. You mean crime is that what they're talking about? It was about crime. They were talking about rape. It's all because of the casinos of course. Yeah. Well, let me ask you something. Are we voting on casinos today? Of course not. We're voting on 12 machines. Okay. Thank you. I know that when I go to Vegas, I sure feel unsafe. Oh, I'm going to get raped at it. Any minute. I'm going to get mugged. I'm going to rip off here. I'm going to get murdered. You see one thing about Vegas, and I'm not trying to draw comparison, but at least as far as the casinos are concerned, the people who run the casinos have two big of an investment to allow the kind of environment where there's like a very likely chance that you're going to get mugged. And it plus everything is watched from above. One thing that would buy man, you know, I don't know if you ever been in one of these some casinos, but they probably haven't. Well, they just have the slots. But you've been in a regular casinos. Yeah, no, they have places on the strip. You know, when you walk up and down, they have just everything like in any casinos. You know, he's being watched from above. Right. Like, they're people above. I mean, you start with all the oceans 11 always other movies. They're all watching from above. So all the attendance for example, when they come and pay you a jackpot or they come and full of machine, if you watch the attendance, like they're holding their hands up and it makes sure that they can see that they have no extra change or dollar. They're hands, okay? Everything is almost like holding your hands up and they're like a stick up. And, you know, so everything is being watched. And, I mean, they're not going to allow the kind of environment where any kind of crap is going to go on. But, I mean, what's the point of being arguing that? And anybody who's stupid enough to believe that, you're like arguing with a brick wall. There's no point. I'm not going to waste my time with that. You've got to be an imbistotable event. If you've ever been to a parametrile to the dog track, the high line, the horses, who goes to the track and worries about getting criminalized about being mugged or murdered. Whoever heard of such a thing. And that's all they got. That's their argument. That's all they got. So, remember, church bingo is good. I'll arrest a gambling is evil. I must be stand down. Got it. A lot of people in four-later day were voting against us, though. That's what the Sun sent will says. That's their take. Harold Light. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well keep in mind, a Chicago Tribunal is the Sun sent. Also keep that in mind. Right wing. 1213 at 5.60W. And, in addition, which, you know, speaking of right wing, this isn't a Republican against democratic issues. It's got nothing to do with that. But, you know, the fundamentalist wing of the Republican Party, the Bible thumb, which are heavy duty in Florida, that's where you come in with a cramp with all the lies. And, of course, they would never lie to you because they're Christians, after all. On a variety of, your carpet, I'll send you right now. Your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs and schmutz and all kinds of bad stuff in there. It's unsanitary. Unless you have a clean, by our friends, it dry concepts. They're the only people in the world who have that exclusive pen to dry cleaning method that sucks out the deep down dirt. And makes your carpet's not the only looking feel like brand new, but just as sanitary as brand new as well. I've been using them for over 20 years in my homes, and a good reason why, because they do magic on your carpet, no matter how hopeless they look right now. When they finish, your carpet's are drying an hour and a half to two hours. It looked just like brand new. They spent a lot of money fresh. It's a miracle right on your floor. And they also do an unbeatable job thing in your furniture. You're draper. You're a poultry. You're a area of rugs. Expensive oriental rugs. All of these things. Call them toll free. You'll never use anybody else again. I'll guarantee a date route in the palm beaches. 1-800-248-5071. Run the wicked web at straconships.com. Let's dry concepts making coverage clean in software since 1979. 1-800-181. 1-800-181. Radiance. Don't have dirt. Hello! Who is in my cabin? I can't wait to do it. The key is in my cupboard. Oh, hello! How are you? Finally, a movie for homosexual children. Hello! David, come here. Can I shower with you little boy? David, come here. When are you going to go home? Oh, oh! I can't wait to get my bed. David, in the cupboard. Question. Can we get some shelf paper in here? You know, like a magenta or something? David, can we shut that trap off? This is one red. Get out of the house. Shut up, sir! Yes! Yes! 18-5-60. Here's Clip who is a little hysterical. I wonder what else is attached to either yesterday or one is liveboat. I'll tell you what's attached to it. Nothing. Uranus. I don't want to vote yesterday. I have other bills attached to it. Help at least some fat asses pocket. Also, proof says, oh, you have two robberies already this morning and day. They must be practicing for when to vote. You're very astuped. At least in from this bag. 5-6-7-05-60. 5-6-60. 5-6-60. It arrives in singular wireless lines. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yes, sir. Got an interesting stat for him. Okay. The per capita. The city of Tallahassee has raised ratio. Great. Yeah. Not many people know that. Okay? But as a... Of course, I would mind that the legislature is there. So, you know, the rate is going on every day that they meet. That's true. But that's true. Yeah. But I... Something that's ever... Hopefully, she'll offer them. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Okay? I'm looking at my list that you send me to see where Tallahassee is on here if I can find it. Okay. Because this has got the of crime accord to murder, rape, and robbery. So, it's got all three categories. But per capita. I don't see Tallahassee on here. As a matter of fact, I see Jacksonville on here. In fact, most of the Florida cities are so to brain tinnies on here. Amazingly enough. For a lot of day, I'll did that pretty well. All of it's up there would be Troy. For a download would be Troy. Kind of like in the middle of the pack. But I don't see Tallahassee on here. No, where is Val? I'll take his words for it. Wayne is there specially in the State Capital. Make no mistake about it. But the sun's sent me'll say, there's alot of people in downtown Fort Lodaret will vote in against it. Let's see, Jim and Pepperd dessas. Well, list of this. What I say about the crime rate in Las Vegas in that commercial that used to statistics from 1970s. That's eight years ago. Jim let me just say this to you. When we had are all these other collections on casino gambling, they always drove in these crime statistics. And of course, the problem in Las Vegas is, the crime statistics are based on the population. And most of these statistics they used back then were like in the early 80s when the permanent population was less than a million. So naturally, you know, a big pocket stuff like that, robberies, compared to the permanent population, they're distorted the whole thing because there are millions and millions of tourists there a year. Got it? Got it? So it's just a distortion. Is that a matter of fact, I'm this thing you sent me? How is Las Vegas look on here? Can you see it? Good question. I did not. Okay. Well, two son Memphis Miami is the third worst. The 100 largest metropolitan statistical areas page. Oh, the middle page, two near the middle of Las Vegas. Just a little bit worse than four Lauderdale, right? It's in there with Denver, Austin, Sacramento, Colorado. And I'll wait a minute, a little bit better than four Lauderdale. I'm sorry. In fact, it's like about a dozen better, unless like in the middle of the market. And again, that's compared to the permanent population, which is over a million now, but nonetheless millions and tourists. All the statistics all the time, okay, just use your common sense. If you've ever been to a casino, if you ever made a war race track, you've ever been to wood by many of these places. There are very few places in the world. You're going to feel safer. They have all their own security. They don't have to go out and hire a bunch of off-duty policemen and pay them a lot of extra money. That's not the way it works. Now, that's the fact. This is from a guy that goes to wood by at least two, three times every weekend as a great time there. So I know what I'm talking about. But, you know, you listen to people that haven't got a clue that never been there. They, his stay hock is spoken to his crowd. Oh, the sky is going to fall. Everybody's going to lose all our money. Okay. Whatever you say. WKOM. Hello. WKOM. WKOM. You're people are really out of control, man. You're crowd. Right. WKOM. Hello. Hello. This is, this is good. Two late. Two late. It's only a four hour show, sir. Yeah. How's that pile? Big. I got piles, man. Good. I got just like Jose can sickle. I got big roids. Five six out of 0, five, 60 pound, five, 60, honey, Verizon and singular wireless line. Hey, it's just an election day. Why should anybody be concerned about that? And how can I put lines six on a hole like that? You know, it's bad. How many QA and hello? Is Neil Rogers speaking? Sure. And not on the same as you have a working on it. Okay. I just want to tell him why I'm home yet. Okay. Go ahead. I'll pass it along. I'm just Neil. I'm the dumb biggest for two years. And I'll tell you, I don't care about it going to the school, but I don't care about that. Maybe I should. But I'll tell you, I want to pass because it's a lot of damn fun. Right. There you go. And I'll tell you what else. We're just now getting to where I'm just in pass. Maybe we can actually buy beer on Sunday morning. What else? I think you could do out there. God, so great. He, he, yeah. Don't kick here right away, man. Oh, well. Yeah. I know that's another 10 like you're the way. But that all is blue nose laws we got to worry about first. Yeah. Anyway. I don't keep the faith. Maybe the single go over. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Okay. There's a guy sending like he's a disparate for a little action, little something. You know? I mean, you got to the beaches and the sun and, you know, man. And, how many QAM? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Abby, I'm a loser. And let's go for the slot. Well, thank you so much. You're more than welcome. I appreciate your show. And well, thank God for you anyway. See you, pal. I'm happy. I'm happy. Me too. There's a guy that appreciates the show. He's a good guy. He wants you to show me the show. He's the show. Happy anniversary. It's our kind of guy. Okay. Suppose there's some of the sour old farts down there who who's old gold in life to make sure that everybody else is as miserable as they are. There's another chance to stick into those old farts man, a condo commandos. And, you know, the funniest part of it is a lot of them will vote no one. Who do you think will be the when it passes and they open up these joints? Who do you think the first people are going to be there? Fudging or guts out? Taking the bus by the right. That's right. They'll bring him in by bus loads. They'll be slipping from when more and cemetery village and all the other condo. From carriage hills, God forbid. Can you just see it now? Oh yeah. Like a white river. Bus loads and bus loads. And you know something that actually have a good time. That's the amazing part of it. Maybe that's scary to them. They might actually enjoy themselves. I hope it's going to have a good time. Or not. Come any QAM hello? Come any QAM hello? Neil. Yes sir. Quick question. All this money for the tax for the world boards. What's the counting for the court? What's counting for the court? All 57 counties the whole state. Well that's not fair. Can we just give them one of the more of the said? And now you're talking. Yeah. Let's just give it to the Marlins. We loved the Marlins. Yeah. Sure we do. Pretty interesting. Every time that business comes up with a was wane, whether was old John Henry, whether it's this probably got now David and Samson and Delilah. No change. The public isn't too crazy in a state of Florida, even in South Florida, and they're not even going to have a government with the state tax money for millionaires and billionaires that just ain't into it. How's that national hockey league coming? Oh yeah. They're really doing it. Wane, I think it wasn't about him. He sure knows when to get out, you know. He smelled it. He could smell it from a million miles away. They built him at bigger wind there and broward. Which is a good part about broward is they're probably doing better without the hockey. You want to know why? 1. Alan Cohen is losing the money but even more important than that. They have all these other dates that makes them a lot of money as opposed to sporting events across the fortune because nobody's shown up and most of the people do show up are getting free tickets. W 2 a.m. Hello. Yeah, sir. What's going on? I'm a little bit just in that for what you're in now and the family, no people are leaving. I think to be interested that is what you're going for. Me too. Me going to leave. Yeah. Well, maybe they put some cock fights in there in the slot. Do you want maybe they might show up for that, you think? I would have to repeat if people wouldn't. I had a great life. I can't say no. I could have said it, but I know my choice. Okay. I'll bite my tongue. We'll hard it's bleeding over here in the tongue too. Mother. Now I'm going to seek that. 724 votes on the poll. 400. What is it? 450 in jest. And no, we got 49. That's almost 10 to 1. Of course, that's this fine audience. 10 vote 141. You know, like illegal aliens or like George or whatever. Punks. Don't give it. It's just 10. And one vote only 23. Well, that's good. Only 23 just are stubborn and hard to answer like a mule. Each other. We'll be in a street. We'll get into a world where we're going to have to stop it. We'll get into a world where we're going to have to stop it. We'll get into a world where we're going to have to stop it. We'll get into a world where we're going to have to stop it. I was a sailing man and not a lover. My name was Chris Hulongus. I was out to discover. I was a neem of pizza and a sandstone of the rail. I'm a wave goodbye to Spain when my passing has disappeared. We were cruising through y'all getting funky understand. We were scoping for the new world and new land. While we were searching for America, I said man, I did this. At least until lunch. And I got most in secret. Had a stop, we looked and closed and then looked for fairles. Or at least a hand I had over the rails. While we were sailing on our heads and knees, feeling grounded. Suddenly, I heard his words, you'll grace up loudly. Man, what a sight to be whole. What did you mean? Where? How we said no. I'm the stomach. The fat's so pissed. Hey, listen, we're going to be playing Fiddysense, sir. And I'm not going to be eating no bad. All right. We got to get that crowd man. I'm going to get that hip hop crowd. I'm reading this story from Channel 10 website. Okay. Support us in the measuring. Including former state of Education Commissioner Jimah Horne. Who was a Bush appointee. Plus the permissible facilities on it said Horne said yesterday that informal pulling has been fantastic. Our pulling from a pro side is fantastic. But the Sun Sentinel says, many of the people leaving in Fort Lauderdale voted against it. How many of they talking about? About third man. You know, this takes me back to the first time because you know gambling was on a valid and Florida. Mm-hmm. And they send this putts markfisher from the Harold. They send him out to Vegas with the specific and later on it came out that he was specifically told to write and to photograph he has photographer with him. He said that it is bad for him as the girls sent him and people on the screen would play for him. But as many of those straight he didn't have anyals he has so I think that they spent on it and he spent some time and let himitate their police. Everyone in Walker's space.acher took somesu videos and look for a new tragedy. That show. We will all agree. There will be days of change, . everybody's down and out, but to drugs. Anybody who's ever been to Vegas or even seen anything about it, goes that this is the most fictitious image, the biggest lie, and then this is what they specialize in, lying through their teeth, these good fundamentalist religionists for so much hope you're a bit of the weird. Like your present, for example, there's an article by Harvey Wasserman, whose relatives perished in the Nazi Holocaust, his history of the West is available at harbywasumen.com. And his headline is, Senator Bird is correct to equate bushwood Hitler. I thought I just think this in there. Okay, what it's worth? He says the US Senator, as Senate's senior constitutional scholar, has correctly equated bushwood Hitler, and usual attack dogs are howling, but they're wrong, and Americans must now face the harsh realities of an increasingly fascist and totalitarian GOP. Occasionary and Senator Robert Bird, a West Virginia, made the equation in the context of Bush's attack on Senate procedures, which might slower halt his ongoing attempt to pack the courts with extreme right-wing fanatics. Bird said Bush is moved to destroy time-honored Senate rules, parallel Hitler's ramming fascist legislation to his gutted Reichstag. Hitler never abandoned the cloak of legality, said Bird. He recognized the enormous psychological value of having law on his side, instead he turned the law inside out and made illegality legal. Anti-deformation league director Abraham Foxman has played the Holocaust card for the Republican saying, it is hideous outrageous and offensive for Senator Bird to suggest that the Republican parties tactics could in any way resemble those of it off Hitler and the Nazi Party. To O.P. Chair Ken Melman is labeled Bird's remarks, reprehensible and beyond the appeal, remarks joined by Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, Santorum is best known for equating sexuality between consent and gaze with VCR, even between humans and dogs. But Bird is one of the few in either house of Congress to truly understand the constitution and to advocate for the Bill of Rights. He plots out that like Hitler, Bush is pursuing a strategy designed to win absolute rule by one party in one leader. Hitler's central slogan, I invoke I'm Rock, I'm Fewer, one people, one government, one dictator, accurately describes the current GOP strategy of Carl Roe, Bush's Joseph Garbles. Not the Republicans have re-dominated extreme right wing judges to high courts from which they were Bird prior to the 2004 election. With enhanced majorities in Congress, the GOP is moving to gut rules put in place to protect the rights of minorities within the government. For the GOP, as for Hitler, set safeguards are annoying barriers to absolute power. These judges are consistent in their eagerness to protect the bar and privilege of private corporations at the public expense, while simultaneously promoting the invasion of individual rights by the government. Nascarating as free-market small government advocates GOP conservatives like Hitler's Nazis promote an all-powerful central government run by and for the corporations that sponsor them while crushing individual rights and liberties. While Bush advocates for democracy overseas, the GOP is crushing it here at home. These judicial nominees mean to further solidify Republican control of the court system, which they've added to their grip on the executive, both houses of Congress and the media. The GOP is also getting safeguards within the FBI and CIA, turning them into a personal police force that could parallel Hitler's Gestapo. Because of regime raps itself in the rhetoric of our democratic roots, it's emotionally difficult for Americans to equate Bush with Hitler. He is not after all running death camps like the ones Hitler used to exterminate millions of Jews, Gypsy's, Gays, Unionists, to hold his witnesses, the elderly and firm birth defected in the handicap. But the distinction may be lost on the tens of thousands of Iraqis who have died and also slaughtered there and whose land has been carpeted with radioactive depleted uranium, which will kill for centuries to come. Bush is now operating a classic concentration camp in Guantanamo, this infamous holding set of rap rates entirely outside the rule of law with prisoners held without charge without evidence without access to attorneys family or the outside world. At Guantanamo, at Abu Ghaz, and elsewhere, including the West's civilian prison system, the doors have been opened under the Nazi world of officially sanctioned torture and systematic human degradation. The new Attorney General of the US is explicitly endorsed their use. Despite some phony gender flescent to the contrary, Bush's we announced the Junivo Courts and is currently stamped his most notorious Nazi trademark on a party, also in love with the death penalty. Bush now holds some 2.2 million prisoners in the US school log, the world's biggest prison population, since the Nazis both by absolute number by percentage of the population. At least 800,000 Americans are held for victimless drug crimes, including Irwana. Thousands die each year from torture, rape, suicide, and treatable disease. The system is designed to remove from the political process and in many cases, exterminate people of color, alternative lifestyle, and political dissidents. Is this worthy of the Nazi label? Fascism has long been clearly and simply defined as corporate control of the state with strong fatality and militaristic anti-feminist and anti-gay characteristics. Both Mussolini's fascist and Hitler's Nazis use active terror and alleged terror to grab absolute power. Ranting and Bolshevism as the geopoliti not as against Islam, the Nazis use the burning of the Rashhtag, much as the GOP, as capitalized on the terror attacks of 9.11. George W. Bush doesn't spell by huge Govel's math rallies as Hitler did, but he doesn't tolerate groups that might ask him versing questions, and his tax donations blow theator core with surveilled pandeers. Rolv uses the mass media to manipulate him to see the way suited to the trappings of American culture, as surely as Govel's Hitler's speeches to the German Volkgeist. Bush is courted both people of color and Jews, but as far by fundamentalist backers, the all-nonbelievers as children of Satan, who must ultimately perish in a cleansing arm again, that will allow only the chosen few in heaven. Amits the psychotic twist of the book of revelations, these are people who love Israel, but hate Jews, and all the other unsaved. At its core, there's little to distinguish today's far-right Christian fundamentalism from Hitler's Aryan master racism. The Bush-Rovey of science parallels that of Stalin. The Soviet slaughtered researchers whose data failed to confirm their theories, today's European demand scientists fit their findings to the Bush-Rove Gospel. The Bush EPA, Tishin Wildlife Service and other agencies, routinely assault those who challenge corporate destruction of the earth. Despite the long-standing consensus on global warming, Bush's faith-based corporate sponsored climatology insist CO2 emissions are no problem, the scientific equivalent claiming the Nazi Holocaust never happened. Like Hitler, Bush believes he talks to and for God. He has said at least twice in public that he doesn't oppose dictatorship as long as he can be the dictator. His family is long-wrought documented financial and political ties to the Nazi regime as well as to a sum of enlightenment and a long list of oil-rich Islamic fundamentalists. Senator Burzimbo Kaseyv the Nazis had described the Bush regime maybe considered impolite, but it's falling to avoid the important parallels. By all accounts American democracy is hanging by thin thread, which Bush-Rove is labor-emitally to cut. Senator Burzimbo is a conservative, uniquely-learned man, when he equates Bush with Hitler, he speaks with great sadness and scholarship and must be heated. As those W. Bopper stickers morph into swastikos and the killing fields of Guantanamo in Iraq, we must at Senator Burzimbo's urging we've got recent history's most vital vile, never again. The malagist is suing actor Shon Kateri for $30 million claiming he is the neighbor from Hell. Here to respond, Shon Kateri, Lish Shon Kateri, the lawsuit filed against me by Dr. Perkins Sultan, is quite simply a pile of mousspook. The good doctor claims my wife and I played loud music at all hours. Perhaps the music is a tad I'm a volumeless side, but I'm 74 years old and basically deaf. Anyone who can't appreciate the malicious melodies of Metallica is a phone head. I love the master of Puppet's album. This nauseaer of claims I have smell coming from my apartment that make him want a hurl. I say, too bad, I love to cook my cabogen clams. He also says that they are loud noises coming from my apartment. I respectfully submit that the good doctor is jealous. My wife and I like to do the bedbouvel book, we enjoy the art of love making, and I've been reading about how to make the passion last. So far, I'm up to 7 minutes. Great, I bet the good doctor can say that. Ours of the man now dog, as for the other complaints about dripping water and broadened infestation. I say, as a true new yorker, I don't give a rat back side if my lifestyle is making the doctor uncomfortable. As a matter of fact, I plan on having more parties, making more love, and cranking my Metallica as loud as my false radio can go. This is John Convallate, trains of a good doctor through you. Prop 47 at 5.16, every QM, that's not to give us kind of long. Right, I thought that would have played once. Here's a fact that says from Jeff, saw a buffer sticker day this morning when I went to a vote, which says it all, there's a sucker born again every minute. I'm born again, being under line. Amen, brother. Right. Oh, I hope I'm wrong. It says Jeff, but I think a low turnout favors the zealous and fat ass governor. I don't, I don't, I don't worry about it. I think whatever we get, it's going to win by a pretty good margin. Don't take it for granted, though, but that's my feeling. It's by what the said settles trying to poison the waters with, with that BS. Oh, many of the people, well, what does that mean? In other words, if you want to do like an exit pool on your website, well, what percentage are you talking about? 50%, 80%, 2%, 107%, a smidge. Yeah, yeah, a scoosh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wyrtles lime. Too bad, I'm going to go to my scratchy throat. I can't like, interfer with that reading of that very important couple of employees. Is it a range of that? Then I do a fine job. That's fine. Oh, we're fine. Scratchy. Must be those all a crime and would buy it. Yeah, let's get into my system. Come any QA, and hello. Hey, yes sir. I live in downtown Fort Lardale. Yeah. And I voted yes. All right. And here's one thing that's interesting though. I vote on Andrew's Avenue just north of David Boulevard. Right. And there's little placards there as I'm turning into the polling place. It says, remember the lottery, vote no. Who wants a lottery? The guy your governor. Exactly. Yeah, there's the line, line piece of crap. And you know, there may be an additional way. This is specific. It says where the money's got to go. Okay, 30%. It's not like a vegan ambiguous like the lottery was. Exactly. And I was thinking there may be some additional crime that they want to call it that because if we get an extra say million tourists in the floor to be because of this, which I guess could happen. Yeah, it might be a few more pickpockets, right? Well, there might we might need a few more ladies to keep the guys comfortable after they're done. Right. Here you go. That's it. Okay. Good luck. Thanks, Praley. I'm glad he mentioned the thing about tourism. Okay. Because one of the things that they were saying a couple of weeks ago that really cracks me up. Oh, and you know, this is really going to be harmful to Orlando and other parts of the state as far as their tourism is. But you know what's screw them? It's really interesting that the same governor who's now so concerned about date and Howard that he spent two full days poisoning the waters and line of the public. He was concerned a couple of weeks ago about all the rest of the state is going to hurt their tourism well, screw you Orlando, stop it. Take Mickey and Donald and stuff in both of the moon. Sure, no, I wasn't born yet, but I didn't, I don't remember her here and anybody say, Oh, you know, Disney World's going to make it unfair to those beach communities. Right. That's right. So what's good for the gooses? Good for the duck. Okay. Donald. So we're not going to be there. We're going to be there. Next. So the whole thing. What about it? What about the state? Okay. So the people come back and it's all over. And if a lot of those people are going, I tell you one thing, no person in his right mind, who goes and plays slots on those cruise ships to nowhere, or goes to the Bahamas, which we haven't even discussed in the midst of this whole thing. Which they've always been virally against gambling and self-law. which when you go to a casino where there's a lot of money, a slot casino where there's a lot of money being, but you actually have a chance to win and support to the cruise here where there's a minimal number of people and the machines are tighter than a snare drum and you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in purgatory, okay? But you know, just have to think about those things. If you want to go over to the Bahamas and be treated like dirt or go right ahead and have a good time and not have any benefit to our community from it, this is what it's all about. And you know something like some of a color said, even if it was 100 of what they're promising in terms of dollars and in terms of jobs, it's still better than we got now. 560, 560 in a Verizon and SINGOT-AWR-LISLINE. WDQAM, hello. WDQAM, hello. Hi Neil, I just want to hear what you have in the event. I went to the PCC in 180 for this point. Oh, and you wouldn't believe I asked some of the AKs. Next to me, I said, what are the people in your building voting? Oh, well, we don't like the traffic as it is now. So, as it man, you move across the street and go through parking, you knew that there were traffic, but the council in Heavensura has developed every last parcel of its property. Uh-huh. And at this point, it's a church, yes, a victory and portion can light the safe one baby. Alright. Thanks a lot, Sally. Okay, it's like it's on. Yeah, we don't want to trust it. Everything has to be Verizon for our convenience. Let me say it again. They'll be the first people to go there and plug your guts and have a good time and be fighting. You're knocking you down to try to take your machine. That's my machine. Yeah, a whole whole. I told him that story. I heard about that old Italian bitch to try to knock me down that day and then two months later, she said next to me, hit $220,000 jackpot. Uh-uh, all the people in there, of anybody in there to hit it. Anybody else had a said, hey, nice gone. Congratulations. When I saw those three wheel of fortunes come up on her machine, I wanted to peek over her, I'll be discussing nasty smelly body. Why are so many of the Italians in Toronto? Why do they smell so bad? Why, why does that? Do you do your band in the Middle East, do you know? People don't pay the lot, you know? What is that all about? I'm very... And Japan or the only ones where bathing is really important. Yeah, I've noticed that. I mean, here too, generally like the Canadian Zay, but with some of the people from other parts of the world, it's not part of their culture, you know? No. If I could just convince them that body wash isn't as dangerous as soap that you're not going to drop it, maybe you can convert them a little bit. You just drizzle it sometimes. Yeah, just smear it. WCWAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? My brother. Alright, pal. Hey, I...you know, the common link here is that the bush mice are all these people. They don't like what radio stations play. They want you to listen to wash TV. The anything that's doing is fun. They're against. That is a Disney world. Which, you know, if you're in a panic in about that, the type of people are going to visit all the people on gambling is only fairly Bible thumb for you. Not everybody, but if I come on and have to people down there, they used to be that until I found out that everybody did the world was gay. Yeah. Right. Well, and even down here, after people on the other seven power mutuals are, so I mean, most of the common thing is that people that like the gamble are going to keep gambling. If they attract a few people like myself, they like to play the slots. Right. I'll go there and hang out and watch a few races, but I mean, if I can't, they just let enough be alone these people. I mean, it's just like, is, is, is, they've always got to have this control, free power over everybody. That's, that's, that's the part and parcel of what they're all about. It's telling everybody else how to live our lives. That's how they're all a boot. I mean, I've never seen anybody get more of anything that's security is so high in Vegas. I mean, you do something wrong. I mean, you will cross a, you will cross it. It's a military out. I mean, we're looking at people at counter cards. They're watching you. I mean, you're doing this. Hey, give it. I don't come back. I mean, the, the, the, the, the, the, the watch that they use about crime, and by the way, you've got any street court down here. Me and a nickel bag or some coke, you know, I know what to get it. So why, why they concentrate on that, you know? Yeah, I heard that the jet brought in a well-to-town just for that purpose to try to pass a volume over some of the vote. I mean, you go down to 199 streets. They're by the stadium there. You think you'll think you can find some a little, Hey, you can find a location manager. Sorry, all the spots right there by that barber shop. They should concentrate on the legal activity. If that's what they really wanted to crack down on and you know, you know, play on. What's somebody when I choose to do my discretionary income. Hey, man, I scroll on, pal. You'll see. Okay. I'm washing you. And you back at you. I'll pray for you. What was that? I don't know what he said, and I'm not, I don't know what he said. Right. Well, he's done. Okay. He's a good call. He was enthusiastic and looked up into a frenzy. And he said, I'll see you at the barber shop at 230. I hope you've got here on our poll. Okay. We actually got a shot and in fact, if I'd have pushed it, everybody gave up, see, that was bad. We got 799. A bit of our refresher. We got 800 votes. Now 799. We got a chance to get a thousand. Not that it makes any difference. You know, just perform. Just so Josh can be embarrassed and like lying to Mars. I want to look. We don't really care what you've got or not. I think it's going to pass pretty hands down your pants. Okay. Yeah. But it's just so embarrassing the way you come on. You know, like it's an inconvenience. You're in the main reason. You think you're going to call for jury duty again? No, no. I said I already was called. Yes. So what difference would it make voting? That's all I'm always new. You should have done it. At least get your money's worth. Plus you got called for jury duty. So twice and such a short period of time. You should have told them that. You should have had George get you in touch with Norma Kent. He'll call a send a thing to the court and say the man just served on jury duty. Within how long ago was it? About two years. About two years. What else you got to do? Lot. If you're off the street, let that thing hear up for crying out loud. 800 and 3 votes. I think we got a shot. You know, at a thousand. How did you or when you vote on today's slot machine referendum and date and of course, beautiful? What? Yes. 466. No. 52. Pretty tight. Can't vote 149. Don't give it to me. One, oh six. And won't vote. Look what that's got. About 30 men. You will run your way. On 560. Oh my god. Oh, man. I'm not been about to take a slap in all the women with the tape and lips. I ran the poll. I listened to the new Rogers one. Yeah. I mean, I listened to the new Rogers. I ran now. It's one or two hours. One, one, one, one, one. On World News tonight, an ABC news exclusive, the secret takes of President Bush. If this is Jonathan Carl, a Tane exclusive access to the takes. The White House says then Governor Bush had no idea he was being recorded. Well, I've got some times I'm angling the shlang. It was just a nice night. I'm drinking jet gangles all the time. I had a lot to much to drink. Now, six. Incoherent. The White House is not happy about the tapes. I believe I'm going to. Jonathan Carl. ABC news. Watch out for it. Right. One, one, five, sixty. Double. You got more Howard David. It's a good four. And we got, you have baseball. Six fifty. Five against the girls team. Cronkites. She for was better choice. CBS anchor. Do you see water does not today. I'm 120. Okay. I was so high on water for a long time. And then all of a sudden it comes up like, what's the point in doing this? You know, a chief shot. Getting the guy while he's down. Just 48 hours before and by the way, tomorrow night's Dan Raders last newscast on CBS for the other 10 of you who watch it, which I do every night. Just 48 hours before Dan Raders stepped down and were cloud as anchor the CBS newscast. He's home for 24 years. The guy he squeezed out said, rather, should have been replaced years ago. After nearly quarter of a century while the Cronkite landed the final punch. While Cronkite always dismissed speculation and rising star Raders, speed it up his departure from the Anchor chair. And then the rest of the sentence is blocked out. Cronkite, a one for the CBS evening news from C2 to anyone. So CBS news should have been given the gig to Bob She for years ago. All brother Bob She for he's like the Joseph Gackie of newscasting. The Joseph Gackie of journalism plus a close Bushmanly personal friend, Walter. He is to my mind, the man who quite frankly, although Dan did a fine job. I would like to have seen him there a long time ago. Cranker, Cranktite told, well, Blitz Creek. He would have given the others a real run for their money. Better than Dan Rader, what it done as Blitz Creek, appearing barely able to believe is good for you to get such a quote out of Cranktite. Because rather with frenially, a thin third place in a ratings behind Tom Brokaw Peter Jennings blitz eratted, queuing up the Cranktite kidney punching machine. That certainly true and as quite a tribute to him, that CBS held on him so long, and with those circumstances, Cranktite said, and a swift uppercut of the jaw, you know, often, C-landed with such a zing by somebody his age, 148. I'm surprised quite a few people at CBS and elsewhere that without being able to pull up the ratings they tolerate his being there for so long. How do you like that? So you'd have been happy or five sheep or whatever, or sheep or whatever, place rather a long time ago. Blitz Creek has cranktite to repeat as if he were afraid to wake up and discover his all-justed wonderful dream. I would have thought so certainly if not Bob somebody else. Cranktite shall lacking of rather 73 can just days after he bloody the anchor in the latest issue of the New Yorker saying, rather always appears to be playing a newsman on the evening newscast while his counterparts that ABCNNBC appeared to actually be that. What is that mean? I don't know. Sargrabswaters, you old-tode man, oh man, what a- Oh, don't do this. Eight-24 man, we got a shot. You think we're going to do it? Eight hundred and twenty-four votes on that public and I have a shot to get to the thousand. If we get to the thousand by two, Jack keeps his job at the Marlins. WQAM, hello. Can you please do a few more questions? I'm hoping this path is a bite coming on our foot where I would. Miami's a lot closer and watching as a city drive. Right. And this was regulated gaming with the boats and the Indians. I've been going to Champa, a hard rock for like 15 years. I never want anything decent over there. Yeah. Not to go somewhere where they have a gaming commission. And the machines are regulated. You've got a chance because I've got a ballad scene. Real well. And because passes, you know, you've got a lot of money. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it didn't get those schools, I could be economy. I mean, it's a win-win situation. Amen. But I can't say something about TV. Go ahead. Yeah. Channel 10 with your college board monitor. Get no anybody in the Jackson's police shop. The work there. No. Well, you were a story on someone. We play one station. And about local select, that's an Orlando station. Scott, folks. And the guys who are for CBS have Martin McCue and Nathan the morning news here. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Oh. 560, Tom 560 on a Verizon. And what about always said that people in Tampa, Orlando, every time we hear from them, I mean, the guys of the guy and they say, Good point. Great. And why is it to think that we care about Tampa, Orlando, radio, TV, shortwave, internet? And why do we care? Do we care? Why do they think that? Because they're there. They care. We don't. We don't. Like they crap about all of the great natural rivalry between Tampa and Miami. Oh, right. Give me a break. Cracker, please. Nobody QAM. Hello. Yeah. I want to speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil. One thing about the. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray's. Ray overtook the himself. HORSCRIPESTING In 40s with Ootte. Ray's. A Dutch guy. OK. An out of a few cents. The British people are ****. Princessboy, Londoners. Jacob in Winter? Can't but Night. Can't yer grow Bad? A Dutch guy. Oh. Alan Dr. Louis. Aw. I ran away. They're in some nice compliments. He's at metro bar. Just go up there. He's a-educator. Boy, come on. a lot of talent. See, the problem with that is that other than people in the industry themselves, nobody would be curious about that. Because most people only care about their own ox, their own horse. But it happens to me true, a fantastic for the people involved in the industry, in the breeding part, in the racing part, in the owning part, and the all the other associated stuff that goes along with it part. See, I'm not saying that there aren't any negatives. You can always find some legitimate negative anything. But in this one, the positive is our negative is by so far. I think I'm going to need a lot of extra bacon every morning, you know? All right, because it really gives me the reps really good. Oh, yeah, they've been really good to me, bubbles. Here's some good news, by the way, speaking of good. First it was LA, then I wish you cargo, and now it's the Bureau of Queens in the York City. The nation's largest retailer, Walmart, has been forcefully thrown out of the nation's three largest cities. Oh, right, due to its low wages, bad benefits and anti-worker policies. Hallelujah. The latest Egyptian came February 23 when they were not a real-teacher, us decided to develop a large shopping complex in the Bureau. So without a 132,000 square foot Walmart as its centerpiece. Walmart denied and had a deal with her not. But it was contradicted by community leaders and the chairman of the New York City Council's land use committee, which must have proved such deals. Oh, they wouldn't lie to us, would they? We welcome for an outer decision that Walmart, let me try it again. We'll not be part of its development in Queens, it's Stuart Applebaum, president of the retail wholesale and department store union, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers. UFCW is leading a nationwide draft of unionized Walmart and to publicize its low wages, bad benefits, labor, law breaking and discrimination on the job. Any developer should hesitate to consider including Walmart and future plans, Walmart's detrimental impact on communities where they operate stores will continue to generate strong opposition whenever they attempt to open Applebaum added. How do you like that? I like it. Oh, that may be hard. I thought it was a terrible. Oh, working families in New York simply cannot afford to hide costs that comes with Walmart's promise of low prices. Walmart's low wages in benefits and the willingness to break labor laws not only hurt their own employees, but for pressure on employers who play by the rules. We expect this is not the last we've heard from Walmart in the city and the workers will be ready to protect our communities and stand up to this bully no matter how they try to sneak in next Applebaum warned. A Walmart spokeswoman said the million worker Arkansas had quoted BMO still seeks a sight in New York City. Well, screw them, okay. Screw you Walmart. We hate your life poison. How do you like that? We hate you like arsenic. You obnoxious disgusting gray robbing bastards you. 846 votes. We got a shot. Not. I don't think so, huh? What do we got? 50 minutes? Yeah. For 154 votes. That's like three a minute. You think that's going to happen? It's possible, but if you put your nose to the grindstone, if you have down the aridges.com, if you care enough to send you very best or worse or anything in between, how would you vote or did you vote in today's slot machine where for random? And considering the fact that we had 200 to start a 10 o'clock because I changed the level of the 45, this should have been like falling off a log. Do you see what I mean? Right. Even though our make believe program director and operations manager trying to boost guys all, all everything is as fine. We're just like starting in all, I have to say, right. Right. It was a heavy Hispanic trend. Right. You've voted us, man. You've voted us. You've held read us. 847 votes. Yes, 490. No 54. Can't vote 158. Don't give us mid 1-12. 1 vote 33. 33 adamant bastards. Here's a facts. Greg and Carl Springs. I voted today for slot machines and why not? He says, all the arguments advanced by those opposed to slot machines, crime, the faith of the dogs, etc. Can be easily addressed by proper state enforcement of existing laws. As for the schools, the real crisis and education in the state is caused by the governor and his lockstep legislators have been on cutting taxes without seeking new revenue sources. But let's face it. At the source of the opposition to all gambling laws in the state is the neo-fioratin, right wing, fundamentalist Christian Republican right. Oh, it is a moral opposition as nothing to do with any real world facts and reality. It's nothing more than just one segment of our population judging the rest of us is morally deficient and trying to convert us to their beliefs by capturing our government and creating a new governmental theocracy. It says, Greg, on the lighter side, happy 29 years is the chief spokesman for Saturday our community and fully for George for not remembering your anniversary last week. What would he do, George? He talked about it via my back though. That's right. I was about to forgive him for all his trespasses because he puts on our beloved suss, denial, not so sure. I'll give him a break. I'll hear him off the whole thing. I don't like halendus. What do you mean by that? I looked at it. That's almost like remembering, right. It was on your co-lander. Yeah. You put some pasta through it. That's strange. Yeah, that's what I heard. Come on, it's after one at five, 60WQM, the main man Anthony Kelly and Edward Accepton's capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash, and investing in real estate, all of these are of these things. Things are at the top of your list. Now Florida's one Bahadis real estate markets in the US, so it just doesn't make any sense at all to keep so much equity tied up in your house or pay those high interest rates. The main man is partnering with kids in distress helping abuse and neglected children in South Florida for 25 years and this year has staffed donating a portion of their commission on every closed loan for this worthy cause. With six kids of his own, the main man also important being a paradise so call the main man Anthony Kelly and though at Triple 8 for A3 loan. That's one Triple 8 for A3 loan. Or go to the email, mainman.com online to do application out right on that website. No matter what your situation is, you'll find a solution for you and get the deal done right. Forget about calling anybody else in the mortgage business called Anthony Kelly and though, the main man, tool for he is one 888483 loan. That's one Triple 8 for A3, L-O-A-N. Remember the Iraqi celebration is as they voted for the first time January 30th. Remember those images, folders, folders, and index fingers high. Purple A and Thunderfinger tests through the United Folk. Well now you too can feel the vibe, courage and excitement they felt which create always new, fingertip, courage and pain. Look, my fingertips is purple and I feel so proud and courageous. Each kit comes complete with a vial of purple ink and easy to follow instructions. Wow, you've got a purple fingertips too. You must be proud, courageous and excited. Yeah, yeah, hey, your fingertips is brown. Oh, yeah. Always. Get the two of us. Yeah. Bring all those new fingertips. Oh, you kid. Hey, and your fingertips is green. Oh, yeah, I'm Periscillus Boyfriend. Just 1995 in the Yarshin craft section of your favorite department store. Hey, you see that broadest beard who will be there in New Zealand for test French girls. I saw the picture, but they of course on Yahoo, they have skew it right. But yes, you know, she looks like some kind of a boy. Yahoo, she's from New Zealand. She was. She was, well, the picture that I saw. Yeah, and he, she's a real nasty looking down under time. Anyway, whatever you're like, I'll look at her. If I could be a big bazomba, though, that's right. It couldn't really be sure, but we got a chance. Bigger to boobs. We got a shot. We got 85, we need 115 votes by two o'clock to get to a thousand. Just an honor of my 29th anniversary. It would be nice. One of these people really cared enough to like make the effort to take 30 seconds to go and click on a thing there and vote to be nice. Speaking of crooks, what did I always tell you about John McCain? Did not tell you it was a big phony, a big total phony. Senator John McCain pressed a cable company's case for pricing changes with regulators. At the same time, a tax exempt group that he's worked with since its founding solicited 200 grand in contributions from the company. Help from McCain who argues for a reading politics of big money, included giving the CEO of cable vision systems corp, the opportunity to testify before a Senate committee, writing a letter of support to the FCC and asking other cable companies to support so-called Ola Card pricing. McCain's assistance in 2003 and four was sandwiched around two donations of 100 grand each from the cable vision of the performance to do. The tax exempt group that House McCain's views and has showcased him at a Vincent's unsuccessful 2000 presidential campaign. The group also pays 110 grand a year to McCain's chief political adviser Rick Davis who ran a Senator's 2000 presidential campaign. cable vision's money accounted for 15% of the institutes fundraising in 2003 according to its most recent tax filing. I didn't like that, huh? Another one on the payroll. They're all a bunch of crooks, man. They're all a bunch of horrors ready to sell our ass to the highest bidder, including John McCain. The next two shows. Plus fix that cheek where you're pleased John, starting to get on my nerves. What have we got? 893? Okay, I think we're going to do it. Josh's job is hanging in the balance here. I don't want to put any pressure on him. Two of them. Three of them. Internet job, right? Sitting on his ass eating a free food job there and then of course the Marlon job. That's the most important one. That's where the big bucks come from. Right Josh? That's right. From sitting right there holding Dave Ann Boring's hand or in the broadcast and patent him on ahead. Okay, now to see where the piece during the game and as he take it off. The hairpiece. Oh, I'm sorry, because I thought maybe he had like pad him on head because he probably here's about all these terrible things I've said about him all of which are true. How terminally boring and incompetent he is. The Marlon's is just one of the world series. The world's revenue. You know, huh? Yeah, I mean, you know it's true. I don't respect you as saying anything. Right? It's a bit of thing. I don't know. That's what I'm saying. I don't expect to say nothing. I just want to like, you know, make him think about it. Okay. I want to about Rossy Bernstein. What about him? You haven't met him yet? Nope. Is he like a young guy? Like about 15? Uh, honey? I don't know. No. No. I'm so far to their ward. The initial ward on him is he sounds like guilty. No. Or somebody sliced his nuts off at birth. Line 9. We know who that is for sure. QAM. Hello. How is there any doubt? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. 560. Well, you folks have a real difficult time with it. Last few weeks I'll tell you. I understand that election put a lot of people into a deep depression in our audience, especially. But you're going to have to snap out of it sooner or later sooner or later, man. Get with it. W2AM. Hello. I just wanted to get a reply. Excellent. Thank you. How are you? I was just thinking we haven't had one lady calling and moment I punched up there she was. I thought my physical powers again just shocked a living crap out of me, man. It's amazing. I haven't thought about that all that. We had a few facts from some ladies out there, right? Right. But she's the first lady call we had all the inch. She voted yes. Yes. Yes. I did mine. Yes, folks today to keep it against it, vote no tomorrow. You guys will seven o'clock tonight by the way, do we get out there and vote? And one great thing about it like that Julio that called in for more of her he was, you know, he took him like 45 seconds. Do you old in and out? If I can say that, can I say it? No. The old. And. Yeah. W2AM. Hello. Hey, you know, I do money. Pretty good, pal. Question for you. You guys said it's all along the time ago, cracked me up. It was that the old is a guilty song or whatever. And it was making fun of them. That was one of the funniest songs. You have that? You play that. Guy can play it all day as a matter of fact. Yeah, I'd be great, man. He isn't the riot. Okay, pal. Thanks, man. Hi. Don't step on Jolly, whatever you do. Gervy. Gervy. Talkin' on a board show. Your voice sounds just like a sad and ear-op girl. A little sports-ho show. Watch those. Are you there for Gervy? Yeah, dancing. Talkin' like a baby. Who needs a little driving. Like how you understand. You don't sound like a man. We fool the rubber bands. That choke. Your strength comes to be. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Your love be valid for the death. Cause Gervy. You don't belong there on the hand. And Gervy. The sports can wait till your voice cracks. All of a sudden you want to know sounds like that. You're a kind of another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. That's how you can be. Daddy. When you got to grow up. You make that want to grow up. You feel a sweet people. Don't you broadcast me school. Your free, stupid, good voice. Baby you sound like a man. You're a fun girl. You're a fun girl. You're a fun girl. I'm 23. I'm 60. I'm 15. We're going to do a baby. We're going to save Josh's all three of his jobs. How do you like that? I do. How do you like them? Apple's man. So many times. Internet. That's what I'm told me. Internet passes radio for political news. It's this way to survey. How do you like that? Tour their radio is in trouble, baby. That's why I got to get on that serious. I'm serious. When I think great if we could like keep this gig and then get on that thing too. It looks like that's going to happen. What's going to be like? Yeah. And we can actually talk to like, can you imagine the impact that we can actually have on like living and reading people? Outside of South Florida, we don't appreciate our fine and very astute audience. But nevertheless, when I think great, it'd be great. The Internet's last radio is the source for political news in the US last year. More people went online, like Neil Rogers.com, which is why we try our very best. Josh is working his ass off to get those stories on it. Once an I pick out, the ones about how they usually use our busy of which we're in a Palestinian. Those stories. Right? That's right. What I just say. Anyway, more people went online to keep up with the presidential-election campaign. According to New Report released of a weekend. 29% of US adults use the Internet to get political news last year. According to the PC, the Internet and American-like project. That's up from 4% in 1996 and 18% in 2004 to 18 to 29. It's grown like topsyman by leaps and bounds. Television remains a dominant medium for more voters, unfortunately. But 18% said they got most of their political news from the Internet compared with 17% who said they tuned to radio for their news. For those with a broadband connection, they'll have the Internet rivaled newspapers and importance. How do you like that? Thank God. It's still that propaganda they get from the right-wing newspapers. Most Internet users surveyed today voted to be like Republican president, Bush. But supporters of John Kerry were more likely to say the Internet helped them set on a candidate. Okay? Most Internet users surveyed today voted to be like Bush. But supporters of Kerry said they were more likely to say the Internet helped them set on a candidate. Do you understand that? Not really. No. The nonpartisan Q Internet American-like project surveyed 2200 US adults between November 4 and April 4, 19204 in the party to impure truth. Alas, you. So there you go. The Internet is growing like crazy because more and more people are starting to search for the truth. You won't find truth on your TV news, or your entity of that, whether it's Bob Shefer or Dan Rader or Tom Brokeau or Brian Williams or Frick and Peter Jennings, right? Are they Nazis on Fox? You can be damn sure of that. Or Wolf Liskrig? I love this story. Man tried to reason with attacking chimps. Do you see this? No. San Francisco, a lot of wild animals out there, man. A man who was severely mulled by two chimps, he's an animal sanctuary last week, was quickly overwhelmed when the Aps attack his wife said yesterday. One was at his head, one was at his foot. But all that time, he was trying to reason with him, a sobbing laddana day was told ABC's Good Morning America. I couldn't do anything. He was trying to reason with the chimps. He must be watching passions too much. He must have a thing for a pace of what's your name? Prudence, patience, what's the, a chimp, the orangutan? What ever name? Prudence. Prudence. How do you know that? Prudence, when you talk about it, holy moly, that's bad. David 64 and her husband, same James Davis. That's what it's saying. We're visiting animal and haven't ranching your bakus field Thursday when two male chimps escaped their enclosure and attacked a couple. When we made eye contact, the charge was on with on a David said there was no stopping anything. The big chimps came around from behind me, pushed me into my husband. The male came around from behind and chopped off, chopped off my thumb. My husband must have realized we were in deep trouble because he pushed me backward at that time. They both went for him. Same James Davis, that's his name. 62 lost all the fingers from both hands and eye. Part of his nose, cheek, lips and part of his butt hot, and the ferocious attack his wife said it would be kind of an NBC today show. She also said one of his feet was mutilated. A current county sheriff's commander also said his genitals were mulled. Lordy. Same James Davis had been treated at Loma Lundy University Medical Center where doctors were trying to keep his breathing constant. His wife said, that's all they can tell me, but I told them that he can't leave me, he has to be strong. The Davis is we're visiting the sanctuary to celebrate the birthday of Mow Mow. He's 39 year old chimpanzee was taking from their home in West Kavina. NLA's several after biting off part of women's finger in 1999. They were celebrating Mow's birthday. Authority is we're continuing to investigate another two chimps name, Ali and buddy got loose. Both were shot and killed during the attack. Test results yesterday showed the two chimps did not have rabbi. They were both going. What do you like that, huh? God, a chimps name Mow. 28 after one at five, 60W, you can't speak in that Mow. I too man dog at four. If you're in a market for a new car, truck just don't put it off one more minute. Get yourself that armstrong for the homestead because right now, you can give the either wheel of a new old five forward. If you want super low financing or cashback, armstrong for the homestead, you've got your deal. For limited time, get zero percent finance, you're going to brand new focus or F150 super crew. Get zero for nine percent of the escape or crown Victoria. If you prefer cashback, how about this? How about three grand back on the Ford Freestyle minivan? $4,000 back on the Ford F650 truck or $5,000 cashback on the F750 truck. If you're in the military, if you have a relative or in the military or a matter of its active duty, reserve this national guard or coast guard, armstrong for the homestead is proud of all freeway military appreciation discount. Only when you buy from armstrong for when you get to a exclusive tires, parts and batteries for life program plus are free floor to some tasks to boot. They would risk enough at armstrong for the guarantee of the best price and they will treat you great because being locally owned and operated, you just know they want to make you a customer for life. Armstrong for the homestead, they're just 20 easy minutes drive south of the E36. Check them on the web armstrongcars.com and then drive a few extra miles and save thousands at armstrong ford of homestead. You are listening to me, your Roger S. exclusively on 560. We're all on guard. Should the sky light? Hello, Jenny. I just lost the flea-bound home. Channel family five to go. To see Sally. I can always meet a dip all I need. Roo-roo. Better put that feather chain down. And then rip away the seeds and then resign the earth. Press it down with baby. When am I getting light to say? Doing daily crack cause you'll be in Rome. I like to consider myself climbing in Rome. You're still pretty in your lane right now. Hey, I'm sexy in your trip for less big old scurs. Actually, not a little bit good. It's one thing. Stainsting in the next arms. You are still in a terrible hit scene. You show girl, curse me girl. Hey, baby. Stop me. All men are cookie dough. Don't curse me girl. C'mon, don't. Best you think it's time to change. Allow me to throw a dog. Come be now. Don't kill my king. Go, or ruin my way. Don't care how much you roll. Don't curse me girl. Oh, yeah, she's pretty. All right, pretty disgusting. She's got a TV show line with several surf and last night about 10 o'clock. And there she was. A few seconds. I'm turning man. And it was it. I went diving across. I can check that program to the out of my TV. We'll not watch it. That is one disgusting beast. 9554 votes. We got a shot. We got 27 minutes. We need like 46. What do you think? That's that's a lesson to a minute, right? Right. On our pool. And so far, other than ones that don't care. Don't give a Schmidt. I won't go. I can't go. I just don't care generally about life. Yes, 551. No 62. Pretty tight. Here's a flash from Deborah who says I have to say the best thing about voting for me is it's in the first Christian church for a lot of nail. Maybe if the referendum passes, we'll set up slots in their wreck room. Now with the dope, somebody has a lovely endeavor. Thank you very much, sweetheart. She's a woman out there. They're busy voting. That's why they're not calling. It's busy out there doing their thing. We'll do something. 560560, pound fire 60 on these horizon. A lot of what a homo the chip is doing. That is incredible. What do you think? I learned something from that story. And what was that? The chip comes out. You make a fist real tight with both hands. Really? And then guard your private. Or how about like, run like a son of a good boy. I know I know I do. I know I do. They want for your fingers. Oh, they go for every carry. Apparently, they don't even know something out. Anything that's like hanging out. I ball. Well, I would. WQAM. Hello. Hi. I kind of got a lady. Oh, my god. I can't believe it. Listen. I'm a dog lover. So I've got a vote. No one is such a way. Because the gray house are exploited in that. I don't want to get out. Yeah. Okay, Graham. We're happy for you. Go ahead. 10 gray homes. Okay, lady. I'm so sick and tear to that crap. All right. I'm so, just nauseated with that. People are want to continue fighting. He is finding their excuse. Call up the p, the p to people. All right. Maybe you can like a march. You can demonstrate. What? What's we have the slots in which we will. That all the fair. You can demonstrate. WQAM. Hello. Thank you so much. Hey. Listen. I vote. This morning in Port Lardell. Yes. And also any. Great. Coalition with. Jet jet. Oh, Jet the die up there. Saying. Notice. Lots. And try to get rid of the. Clot your referendum. Well, it's consistent. You know, because I mean, this thing already passed. They widened. November. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. I. He. He. He. He. He. He. So. accuses or I there's a letter missing your focuses on the reporter escorts access to the White House breathing for two years operating under an alias Jeff Ganon and I'm being half of a clearly partisan organization's U.P. USA but there are local spin-offs as well yesterday the Rapid City South Dakota Journal Examination the Duckard Ganon links to the 2004 US Senate race in that state was said to never quite a leader Senator Tom Dashle packing oh he was packing oh god I hope they're not fudging about that the newspapers pro-fogler reports in editor in publisher and elsewhere about cannons apparent links to political operatives and bloggers in the state were accredited with helping to elect John soon to the post. According to the paper, Thun said last week that a barely new Ganon he said he appeared on Ganon's radio show once early in the campaign and later may have done another interview for print fees but Thun said his campaign didn't pay Ganon for his reporting services and did court dates campaign strategy with him as some critics have implied he did however see the video working with a journalist with a sharp conservative philosophy Thun admitted as far as we knew he was just another reporter at conservative news organization we talked to hundreds of not thousands of news sources throughout the course of the campaign we figured if he was reaching a conservative audience it was going to be helpful for us but Steve Helderman who is the actual 2004 campaign man you're said Friday that Ganon was more manipulated than reporter in the campaign with money from wealthy republican sources Ganon generated one sided news stories oh that sounds familiar doesn't miss much with money from wealthy republican sources another classic queen Ganon generated one sided news stories fed to the bloggers aimed at scuttling dash of rather than covering news silver brand said I believe the Jeff Ganon played a role in trying to destroy time dashally he said he's part of the his effort to defeat the actual if this would have been a liberal reporter who was caught as a gate prostitute advertising self for sex John Thun and the far-right would have been attacking him vociferously through and paid two local bloggers a total of 35 grand to be so-called research consultants the blogs were dynamic in the race that didn't exist two years ago through until the journal and there's a lot of frustration among the liberals who now have started their own blogs that this is a medium that didn't use effectively in the race self-hating phag man that's the new thing in America and Mr. Ganon bucket miss whatever you missed thing whatever you think is which he's a we even run on the internet how do you like that careful way you point that yeah it sounds like you're gave your whover all over again and Joe McCarthy and David that what that was his name is boyfriend a David shine he took a shine to him and right cone under all dead by the way yeah they are nine seventy eight baby nine hundred and seventy eight that's looking pretty great in the sunshine state and eight two late you got to seven o'clock one vote in spite of that dog hug you know if I were to dog lover then that stuff would hold some water with me who but you know what a big dog level I am of course but you know you can carry anything to an extreme you can talk about like a whole horse racing and it's a lot of horses you know they break their legs or they break down they have to be put that you know people cross the street and get hit by mac trucks or we need to that doesn't mean we're going to stop crossing the street okay Jesus came Christ all these going to choose who want to bring everything to a halt anything we might enjoy anything that might be fun anything that might be recreational will find some talk to me if excuse oh no okay do that just a negative to people she's not a little bit too young to be one of those professional air she must be in training you know a negative bitch in the actual or a young crowd do you know yeah funny till two at five sixty to seventy Qm when you shop for quality footwear there's one store that everybody's going to love red and that's brandy's in poverty be so why they've been around so long brandy's been around it seems like forever while the other shoe stores have come and gone that's because they give you an unbeatable combination first of all now to bull sales also give you personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect every time secondly always unbeatable prices with special deals going on every week and thirdly the best selection men's of women choose top name brands in the universe they got them all they got floor shine rockports SAS theory timber naturalizer and a lot more too brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday nine to nine every Sunday 10 to five and you'll find brandies in the same great joint they've been doing it for years 12 90 north federal high wind pop at obiege coming to brandy's this week for special savings on pro walkers they're only 48 90 this week and also this week take 20 percent off all great SAS styles too so be sure to get your ass into brandy's this week or do your shopping online at brandiesshoes.com sure it's a new ratcheting talent you always with Jeff Gennett the white house press corps most trusted name in journalism high just got in here with your top floor bottom of the hour right wing ground i low down christians rejoice it's wrapped germania fearlessly dervose says it a white house memo written by Andrew card that god spoke to him last night about the rapture after reassuring fearlessly der that it won't matter how bad things get we're all gonna die anyway he added that after taking a closer look at that pasty red neck rister morons he decided to leave their clothes on with the rapture go and now these words from the front page of my website attention christian republican milk are you looking for a marie now you can bang the buyables and me check my website for appointment availability on Jeff Gennett mailbooker dot top he's me as i am for less than a bit full of dollars more i can satisfy most finish it including reading passages from billo riley's latest back travel while dressed as a Catholic school girl if you long to feel closer to god by saying oh god that's good let's just get him erected people and your church yes what he's got it yes when a bad fall was hospitalized for my countershen after falling his own and the man you are correct sir Johnny Carson's former psychic and McMahon rock solid was hospitalized after the fall is virile holes after falling is virile holes hum left him with a mild countershen the gashness had the required stitches is probably said yesterday oh no he's ready get up and come on you drunk yeah maybe that's why i feel down you think mr. McMahon's prognosis is excellent he's expected released from the hospital next few days said spokeswoman Susan Dubal the name of the LA area hospital wasn't disclosed nickman who turned 82 on sunday picked and fell Friday afternoon all the time some of start issue will turn it hard to say about routine for sleep you'll be fine okay oh we're fine man it may be too much about it on this you know because there ain't nothing else going on just a bunch of dead people in a rack and stuff like that you know a symbol cram old stuff we got our thousand votes plus thank you oh yeah we we did it that that was easy like fall enough a log you know like back where fall enough we did it thousand five already and we still got like 14 minutes so what's not to like right so i think an hour with that not a Johnny let's just play this the show what you say oh here's daddy WQAM hello although maybe we'll hear from some more animal lovers before the end of the show QAM hello coincidentally have an animal lover call okay i'm taking the opposite view that it's a dog tracks and horse tracks are making a fortune on the slots that they'll probably cut down on the races that it's a good point in fact and that was one of the things the dog tracks said that they would have to race the dogs animal unless because the person will be increased so much oh yeah if everyone's going to the slots that people going to the dogs are going to be even less so they may even who know maybe what they say is the dogs would have to race a lot less also because the first money will be increased so much so yeah I would have to surprise it's even phased it out just in place they're just having all slots there you go so they're taking the wrong tag thinking that it's bad for the dogs if anything it helps the animal okay thanks a lot paling and so yeah and here's Johnny WQAM hello QAM about happy very much Mr. Bush okay haven't played that in a long time that's a good one let's play that we will trust me it's coming WQAM hello Neil seems a lot of people are showing up I even at the polls chief wrote him see wrote him now okay what does that mean I think was supposed to be 30 who chief wrote him I don't know chief wrote him WQAM hello hey Oklahomaal has gone okay paling good good just got to unfold yes over time we're surprised I was with 75 there and how was it going there man how in the ground they told me out real big I was a big crowd of one but good the guy did tell me that they had a better show up off than he expected so that was good to hear yeah hopefully they're all yes or most of them are yes but about that lady they call I was thinking how about a cage man let's get the real mo let's get more than monkey let's get her in the little dog he's in a little bite to the vet okay thanks a lot Neil thanks paling the mo I think about it the mo I like he knows him that's right doesn't do it it's just our well our mode it does that there's a whole bunch of most of us thinking of mo's our sports that your watch is ban on school jump food first of all he wants to ban steroids from baseball which I think he's most of using it would be like reggae banning incompetence for radio management and artle wants steroids ban in baseball you know who admits to a big more steroids and Curtis got pills now artle wants to pump up his state students with vegetables fresh fruits and milk pump it up baby first of all we in California this year introducing legislation that would ban all the sale of junk food in the schools he said during a Q&A session with fans on the far finally the artle classic the annual bodybuilding contest that bears his name sounds kind of gay to me he said junk food would be pulled from school vending machines in favor of healthier foods including fruits and vegetables and of course in California they'll have no shortage of fruits oh speaking of that house martoli doing a bit of it did I talk about the fact that Charlie Christ called in the temper radio station I think we had that story and we a few weeks ago yeah not the fact that he's uh yeah yeah it's not a rumor Charlie it's a fact okay marked fully representative from west palm each is one of these silliest flamers whoever came down the pike and Charlie Christ your attorney general who's talking about running for governor wouldn't be something if we had Charlie Christ we had a gay governor and then you get conglies are running against swirlery huh oh please I think it's part of that homosexual agenda if he asked me five six seven oh five suit when the way he keeps saying oh please now of course if it's Hillary and and conglies it wasn't me yeah you say either cracker please or if you think about Hillary or bitch one fifty one is five sixty w qa and he fell down what is the prize of all the people do the expect to fall down he might be the one I think God was punishing him man of course look whatever in the Clark both that publishers clearing a house whatever that's who states graphics right all I phone you ballooning crap oh you just want eighty billion dollars if you subscribe to these five hundred magazines not look at that a thousand forty four votes you can rest easy Josh your jobs are all secure well thank the lord until next time well we give a little hi it is in there okay we give them like a little grace period Josh Gordon this is gonna go out and vote today if this is my go on work at his doing it he's afraid of my piss off the marlins organization love it's about dog lovers right that that's right is one of you of the now do you have a dog you don't have a dog do you do you in your place why I believe in a back at home right now but right I look at the dog using I have a pit bull I beg your pardon it's a very tame you know it's all in the owner very small to run it's a what to run don't say it again a thousand forty five you're talking about that woman I called in the dog lover did you make a comment about her I can't believe you know I did how big she is well we had thought we saved your job but that's what thousand forty four votes how did you or will you vote on today's thought machine rifer in them yes six hundred and ten you got to seven a clock by the way okay don't let these crazy go I'm turn it keeps out for the dark ages okay please please and are by twenty nine ten anniversary on your go out and vote yes twenty nine times thousand forty nine votes six hundred and ten yes only seventy no can't vote one ninety three don't give a shipment one thirty three and forty three stichards you just won't vote just because you're lazy and the shipless in the pile of crap anyway we got more coming up next and mad dog is full my bye bye