There's one walker in Gary Faiton. This is the most disgusting program. That's a great one. Everyone to complain to this station. In theaters, this Halloween from the director of Night of the Middead. You can't tell the unbed, silly. George Bush stars in. I know the human being and this can cause just peaceful in nights of the middding brain dead. In my state of the Union, our state, my speaks to the nation. Where we want calling too many OBGYNs or enable the practice there to live with women. Your single mother with two children. You're working hard to put food on your family. Our is our children learned. George Bush and Night of the Middding Brain dead. Who only wants shame on shame on you? It's who we can't get food again. And of course don't forget to always love a little. Robert Garret. That one too. Another dead, the US soldier in Iraq just in. I can't even keep track of these fast enough. And we got to 2000. There was going to be this big and a couple of real protests in people marching and anybody paying any attention. Oh, no. Camping the bloodiest month for American troops in January, the military reported yesterday that seven, now make it eight more US service members were killed. By increasingly sophisticated bombs that had become the deadliest weapon in the insurgents arsenal, I thought the insurgents were waiting. Or is that just out of the window? It's way dead throws. That's what it is. bombs also claimed to tell Monday amongst civilians in Bazaar Iraq's second largest city in the major metropolis of the sheer dominated South. A large car bomber exploded along a bustling street when a bomb agrande packed with shops and restaurants as people were enjoying and evening out after the daily aromad on fast. At least 20 were killed in 40 wounded. Other than that, things are going very well. Military commanders of war that soon the insurgents will step up their attacks in the rob today December 50th election when Iraqis will choose their first full-term problem since the collapse of rotten son. I like that. And our things are going so damn well. Anyway, the war I'm getting is that the Humphrey will be back tomorrow and we couldn't I guess you couldn't do the shows from Vegas because they couldn't get an engineer out of the stack of 330 in the morning and he would have to use his own headphones. I don't know what to do with this. When you thought they would set one of our engineers out there would probably be just dying to go to Vegas. Yeah, they're actually going to go ahead and you know. I'll do it. Everyone. But probably our engineers had bigger fish to fry the keep in the sun here. Thanks a lot guys. You're pretty weak at best but during these difficult times you're doing a great job. Aren't they? And stuff came into your yesterday got our phones back up. Let's see. Oh, see that? Ooh, a nice thing. Oh, I'll read it. Punch up line one. I thought I heard a buzz all day yesterday on that. There it is. Oh, it's just line one's got issues. You know, you should know. Line one has to go to quick disconnect. Anyway, the Spanish language thing that Bow was talking about and that you were informing me before. Right. A little history on that as one who's been on here for 700 years in this market. 790. That frequency used to be of course WNWS. Why should I don't have anything from there? You know, I don't have my old theme song, more by K-Winding. Charles, I think I use that on K-E-T. Right, said. So anyway, we're kicking our ass with the old farts with all the geriatric send WDS news. We got those huge numbers. And all of a sudden, I remember what your was. After the Mario Bolif. I think maybe it was like 81. Was the Mario Bolif, and 80? Yes. So this is about 81. I do believe all of a sudden one day, I'm in the car. And just like always, management couldn't hear it for the first couple of days. It wasn't too loud. It was kind of like this. And we got the Fidel cranked up about 100,000 watt AM since he doesn't pay any attention to international broadcasts or any other laws. So he has whatever he wants. And he had an old station that he cranked up on 790 that just basically gives the time and a temperature and just all its therefore interference purposes. And so that really screwed up our signal. Even during the daytime, and especially the further south and baby would go, we like to be a sit in downtown Nevada. And then at night time, it was kind of like a sort of a personal like our signal. Yeah. So I guess now that they're off the air, but at least we've met the report we're getting. But we've reported. They have the radio, the reason we're getting the report from inside the building is our people are the only ones who listen to that station. So it would be the ones who would know. Because these hour by hour, this is, hey Joel, I'm going to say this is very impressive. Oh, is there a number you ought to be very familiar with? So this is, you need to be your thing, sir. Yes. Pretty gay. Oh, yeah. More by K-Windy, so the new kid Mando County. Hello, I'm moving. I'll move if you're here. I said, do you believe that? Anyway, oh, yeah. I used that as a theme and got only those how many places are 100 yards. So wait, goes. Okay, let's get serious now, okay. Got a lot of stuff to pass along. Good news is George doesn't have power or cable. Yeah, that's the greatest. And we also had cable in the station there for about two or three minutes, and then it's just a false alarm. It was on. And then it was off, just like that. But it would be, oh, no, it's easy to announce it in his verps loop plans. Check out our own feedback. How about, hey, how about, it's not everybody. I'll book our, where we'll be safe, yeah. South Florida is in no mood for rain, the sun's setting. Well, says boy, they are on top of the situation. I think they have got their film right in it, not on it, but in it. Just the same, the forecast calls for a 60% chance of showers and possible thunderstorms is it raining right now? Probably. It is here. It's murky and dripping a little bit. Leafs of beta panties to one last night. It could be wrong about that, but I'm sure I've seen it my own two eyes on the fast forward. Leafs to and the panthers on passes via Montreal to play Le Caradien Le Everthan Tonight, the frogs. And we'll have that with Gildi and the Silly Red Dear Randy. Anyway, the forecast calls for a 60% chance of showers and possible thunderstorms today and tomorrow. Oh, my God. We'll get into the misery of those with damage roofs. I'd like this when it rains at porous. It's not going to be a flooding rain, but if you have a leaking, you roof any amount of rain can feel like flooding rain said meteorologist Rob Handell of the National Weather Service in Miami. Most of the regions have seen less than a half an inch of rain that resulted in a warm front moving north from Cuba. Oh, great. Well, the service said maybe it's also bringing that signal up from Maraudio 7. I mean, whatever that is. Potentially, the front could produce heavy rain tomorrow. The stars over South Florida, but it should drift north possibly to Orlando. Eric, look out to rain's coming Eric. Craig Fugut. Well, I hope I said that. Right. Hope so. Florida's director of emergency management urge residents were licking roofs to buy tarps and home improvements doors rather than wait for the government to issue them, which he said will be completed by seven years from Sucus. So don't wait. People don't have to wait until we can provide a tarp for them. He said, so what do you, uh, that's a lot of things for everybody to get online for, right? Yeah. So, what are your home depot and wherever else and line up and buy tarp? After the front passes, after the temperatures expected the climate of the mid to high 80s, that too is lousy news for people with no power or AC George. Although George has got the generator, I'm sure you got your AC gone. No, no, we don't. You don't? Well, because first of all, we have individual units. I mean, we could plug one or more into it, but what's the point? It's easier to just open the house up and cool the whole thing up. Okay. So far another one. Another clear is the good news for it. Then another cold front was derived by Thursday because you sure is how we won't have power by then, but shouldn't be strong enough to lower temperatures. Rather, it should reduce humidity in the rain chance that meteorologist Tom Warner. It'll eliminate a lot of them. Muggie air, that's by Thursday. So just hold on loosely or hold on tight. Whatever makes you feel better. No strong cold front. Similar to the one that followed Hurricane Wilmer expected to cool off the region until at least next week. The National Hurricane Center was monitoring a tropical wave. Oh my God. That was a South and Puerto Rico yesterday. That system is not, thank, it says here, thanks God. That system is not expected to develop. Aren't you thankful for that? Yeah, yeah. Well, Hollywood doesn't seem to be doing too well in the power area. Here's the revised numbers as of six o'clock this morning from Florida, Plunderland, Lou. I didn't hear a bow again. They're toward the Ascent of that show us. Kissing up to them. Do they want one? With him. I don't understand. Maybe he has a power again. Do you think that's it? Or at his house? Or at his house? Or at his house? No, he knows he does not. I'll say he doesn't have power. Maybe he figures if he sucks around, nothing like his power back. And doesn't work, believe me. I'll tell you right now. Rip him an ass. Then all of a sudden it comes down like magic. All magic you say. How's Tom Hamlin doing those numbers? Boy, speaking numbers, man. Is, no, what are they? I think they just shut the transfer down to save juice over there. They must have seen the same hourlys that fed boy. You'll find, thanks for that boy for the info that he sent to us. It must have seen that. And if he was the use, God, almighty. They're talking about a dismal failure. Anyway, here's the FPL numbers as a six this morning. And only the counties that we care about, right? It's where everybody else. Broward, 310,500 are still up. But 550, 2000 traded are back on. Watch your, everybody else. But you're one of the third of a million people still waiting and waiting. Here is eight days after that. And we'll move past you a week ago yesterday. And you're still waiting. And I'll be the last one. My block will be the last block. Where do you see anywhere near you? You see like, light on, all the way around is unshared. Right on the outside of the highway. Three blocks to the east and five blocks to the south. So in other words, he just singled you up apparently. Like they always, they probably Greg told them where you live. Maybe man might not. My buddy Greg. Yes, that one. They've counted 210,900 people are still with no luck. But 745,600 customers, they're a frying at man. They got it. They're sticking their finger in the socket. They're so excited to have it back. And in Palm Beach County, a mere 179,700 are still without. And 480,800 are restored. And we're supposed to say great job. You know, we say great job that the workers, of course. But not to FPL. They just make me gag as usual. They may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Consistently slow and lagging about it. Before we do anything else, and they got more stuff about the hurricane and about the roofing and stuff like that. And the cable. Yeah. I have to interject this now because it's a, it makes me feel good. All right. Check about the brits. You know, I'm always ripping the brits about how constipated they are emotionally in about how pasty and how the bad teeth and a whole deal. But at least they're some saving grace. More Britain's believe in ghosts than in God, according to an informal survey published Monday of over 2000 people completed the questionnaire. 68% said they believed in the existence of ghosts and spirits. Maybe fairies. That's what an e, of course, F.A.E. We're on the air. Failet. Fairies. They believe in that while 55% said they believed in the existence of God. So 68% believe in ghosts and spirits. And only 55% said they believe in God. Not even God. They'll God. The Halloween survey was carried out by retailer choices UK. But since it wasn't a random sample, it's findings don't necessarily represent a statistically valid robber of British opinion. Some 26% said they believed in the existence of unidentified flying objects while 19% believed in reincarnation. Just 4% admitted believing that the Loch Ness monster was more than a myth. Maybe he's kind of myth America. A close of believing in ghost 12% said they actually had seen an apparition in 76% said that TV reality shows about the supernatural of films like these spooky Blair witch project had played a part in convincing them that ghouls exist. Oh, that shows how easy they are, right? We want to believe in ghosts more than ever in our far more likely to take the word of ay reality documentary or convincing movie than here say we're 18 ghosts stories. Choices UK's books in David Ritz said they have it right. Seek it with our own eyes helps feed our imagination makes the unbelievable, believable. It makes the unfeelable, believable. In fact, I could do that. Mix the unfeelable. Unfeelable. Unfeelable. Didn't work right. Mix the unfeelable. Feelable. You're right. There is quite a way. That was a labor of love. Is there a Quizzay? Now what he would say? OK. It's a little break here. Hank is going to be back tomorrow. That's what Clarence tells me. For a smitter to there, we're getting reeling nervous about another one of those kind of distance suspensions. But it was a technical glitch which is really a big, which means Hank has to. Quizzay has vagus plunging by a day and he's on a way back today. He'll do you, of course, his on a way to Montreal, the Prague City. What do they call that place now? You wouldn't know. The bell? No, I wouldn't. In Montreal. It's right time time. Well, whatever it is, used to be the aforementioned of building anyways called the bell. Something. 1013 at 5. 6. Any interest in the high game time? I don't know. When you think mattresses, you think ceiling posture peated. Top-selling mattress branded America, it's the gold standard. When you think of buying an acetylene posture peated, think dial a mattress. Just make that what he's he call. I know you got a lot of other stuff going on in your life right now. So if your mattresses are washed away or just had it. Just sit there on your fat, timple ass and call 1-800 mattress. The easiest possible way to get you a new acetylene posture peated. With dial a mattress factory direct prices. Nobody anywhere sell acetylene posture peated for less. Dial a mattress carries the areas largest inventory with all sizes and cover levels in stock waiting for you and ready for the same day delivery. So get yourself a better night's sleep starting as soon as tonight. If you make that call now, 1-800 mattress is number one in customer satisfaction. They still let you pick the date and time for delivery. You pick the two are window like noon to two, 1-3-2 to four, etc. And they show up even the very same day that you call. And with a no risk 30 day. But third man comfort trial in your own bedroom. Plus they give your free set up and free removal of all the liverages as well. What is not to like? I've used them for years. I guarantee you'll be happy customer too. To an over 2 million satisfied customers who skip the chain stores for fast, easy, affordable mattresses and a great night's sleep for years to come by diving pilot mattress at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-ESL evoke the last day's because it stands for STOOP-PENDIS Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. The act is sick and you pop dad's. So do you move in? Where are you looking? Where are you taking a boy? I've got a lot of color, I've got to go back Cause I'm out, need to take care Got to get my own body to fly Open your eyes, all robin' your blind You're the queen, twenty bucks we're doing now It takes me three, I'm ready to say screw it on It's got a feeling, which we didn't use it I've got the cash, I spend it all again Back up, thanks to my dad, my dad, my dad You can't feel it, we gotta make it out I got cash, it's all alone Crazy, you're gonna need to I've got to go back to my dad, I've got to go back to my dad Ten, I did it five, six, you never knew We got the mole, I threw it from New York today To be a real layoff, something I wonder if he's gonna be beaten, pizza during the show Somebody else's, mad dog for the seven, panther, PB was seven Right, and then the panthers, at Montfierre, I'll play layoff Kind of in, lay evertons at the seven, thirty-four But it he can't, any K, it lost Vegas? Yeah I guess I missed that, you see, he was in Vegas last night too I missed that, I should've come in here and tuned in Of course he was only on the end of the morning, I wasn't home yet But anyway, K and Vegas, so maybe he and Hank are crossing paths, you know Something like that, crossing something I know they're not crossing themselves because that's the wrong religion Anyway, with more than a half a million customers still without power and Broward and Palm Beach counties a week after Wilma FPNL, Florida, Plunder Reload, probably yesterday that many more customers will be hooked up in the next 24-40 hour, 48 hours, but Here's the big butt George Yeah, they warned that anybody who lives near Georgia, Rodriguez will have to wait until the year 25-20 right No, seriously, they warned that the restoration process would slow down after that See that across your legs, your eyes, your arms, your knee, your kneecaps And really a pray like hell I have a pray that I hope And the next 24-40 hour is it comes back on because if not, it could be a right up against that deadline Yeah, although today is November 1 At a news conference in Miami FPL officials also defended their pull maintenance policy We don't believe you by the way, which have been criticized by state regulators And the pulls damage during Wilma showed no signs of serious deterioration Anybody buying that? No, no Restoration efforts will begin to slow down the next few days Even though the workforce of 17,000 FPNL honesty workers will grow to more than 18,200 Work crews are moving from neighborhood to neighborhood from hood to hood Checking for down pulls and damaged lines and restoring power for smaller clusters of clusters and custard And we're Mr. Custer Right, what here is that song? Please, Mr. Custer, what was that? I don't want to talk about it Yeah It anyway And restoring power lines for smaller clusters of subscribers We're now engaged in hand-to-hand combat Mono Amado, baby Making repairs in 7 Palm Beach County And Broward County Said our Mono Oliver FPL's presence By 157,000 FPNL's were still without power last night Larry Burns Larry Burns Excuse Mr. Custer Is that the name of it? Yeah, Mr. Custer Please, Mr. Custer, Larry Burns, mentally of his name Okay That's enough Yeah The first crowd-y he called He cared for us who was an Oakland Park and Oh, I see in the rest of the story He's trapped Ha ha ha ha ha And no And worse in Boca This is discouraging news It's a terrible description of my schedule Said Crowley's been with that energy since last Monday The electric system is extremely And equated where I live They don't tell people about what they're going to get power back Now that substations and most main lines Supply and large blocks of customers are repaired Who's our focusing on the time-consuming task of checking the miles of smaller power lines That can add to home department buildings and businesses to the grid They'll be looking for trees across lines Fixing poles, splicing wires or places Some transformers said, Guisha Williams Are Guisha girl at the Florida Plow Appalachian Plunder Lood As workers complete another county Additional crews are being brought to South Florida To speed all and then of course That's probably what that touch meant mysterious Raven about how great the art Florida Plunder Lood Because he does a show from Tampa and it will air I mean what's the big tennis with that right? They'll get theirs Huh? They'll get theirs eventually Yeah, screw them Oh, yeah, this is going to be a big one coming just right off the golf And just smash right to a health road and my man He is county man Just to wipe them right off the face of the globe Is there anybody we like over there in Tampa? I can't forget like our buddy at Donning Bell Alex who brought me the gas and we like Alex a lot So better get out of there before the next big blow comes Alex Now speak of electricity And we had the cable there at our radio station They're about oh, I don't know 85 this morning, Georgia I just came back on Very nice Without my furniture It was all I got mine, I got CNN There's your president Yeah, he says we're going to send everybody afterwards The bird flu comes to America everybody's going to go to Ibugar right where we'll be safe Where you'll be safe, I'm sorry I'll be here So electric power is gradually returning about half a soft photo Still didn't have cable TV or internet access yesterday And what's life without internet access, Josh? I hear you I mean the judge has to come in early in the morning And put all those great bedtime stories on our website So they don't get up there until about 9, 9, 39, 49, 45 Not 50, so I don't know about all that but you They're on there They're on there They're on there, it's taking people a little while But they're on there, in fact the first one says Boo, I think that's the one by Ed Naha Though Comcast and the Delphi largest cable company in Palm Beach County Service for most subscribers will return electricity Comes back as we did by me Damaged to cable infrastructure Sometimes make that impossible Because internet access is almost always like to full-door cable service Hundreds of thousands of South Americans are also webless It's America, we're getting as many votes I never gave you the polries up from yesterday Did I? Nope, he's probably leaving it on there one more day Fifteen hundred and eight votes Now that's pretty heavy duty, although some of those about ten probably are from out of state You know? Now that we realize that we're deluding ourselves all these people I don't know, we get a lot of hits from all over the world Even from Saudi Arabia, those schmuckays Probably American troops out there I would imagine But we can only hope so Because they have Saudi ragheads, misamadar show But I don't know, they just don't care about the poor or whatever Who are you most furious with with our pol-question? Here's the winner Which state and local? Yeah, that's him Procedure is WM-4-610 Oh, what a great combination, 16 where they got their tons so far up his backside 610 Nobody, I'm doing great, hundred eighty eight And that's great, and the sunshine's there What do you mean? Don't be late Gas companies, one seventy two Where are those generated? I don't know, I just asked you to be for a finish with the appolar's up As you wander around Are you seeing like the shorter lines and no panic and a lot more gas stations open now? Oh, yeah, there are no gas stations lines to speak of Brisk business there, but no lines out to the road And they're probably even some of them taking credit cards As opposed to the cash rights Right, and supermarkets, the cash rights are supposed to be a lot open I don't understand that, why would they be taking cash on it Because the, like if you think you're a mastercard or visa Because that transmission is internet based I see Really? I never knew that, of course, how else? It's internet based? You know, there's either a phone line or something like that Where, um, when I know now a phone line doesn't mean internet based I thought it was like just on a phone thing Just like when they call if, you know, if you steal somebody else's credit card And they call and say, oh, we're going to keep your card But have a listen, it's a computer transmission Whether it's using a phone line or a cable and some people don't have that I see because of the wires. Okay, well whatever, anyway, you're going to be able to give cash You're going to be able to go to the publics and win dixie into this Sogress, do we have any more information about this sogress? I don't see any updates too much, maybe we'll get some calls today If I ever decide to take any I'm going to come on Well, here's one right here, I'll tell you, and before I finish that poll result QAM, hello QAM QAM You're not a fool You're a fool Like I said, maybe I'll take some probably not Gas companies 174 FPL 162 To have Bush 86 or 86 employees Send to the Okifan Okis swamp The Democrats 69 Wimps, media 55, Lane Neighbors 42 are at the app and am out Insurance companies 38, FEMA 38, take a big job guys Local politicians in 27, Bell sound 12 and the banks Sondimentate the Ace VH How do you say it? I get it It's very difficult, well I don't know either language But when you're doing a tagging and Spanish You keep interspersing words from one to the other That are incorrect, not that anybody we need to give Because they're similar Because most people in America can't speak English anyway Especially Shannon Sharp, get him off my TV I'm going to sue somebody if they don't get his ass off my TV Said pretty soon Rosa Parks is already rolling over in a grave All that's he fought for so the Chan and Chuck We're going in and embarrassed all of his people Every all good, galleam is Molly To call him illiterate with the, would be an insult to all of the literate people Is all over the world And I'm sure that the I know Josh agrees with that Yes, he's terrible He's just, I'm acceptable He makes Lenny Martens sound like Edward Armero But he's an ex player, they just give him the next shock man He still has the taint of Jocka sniff on his part So They're sniffing it The taint The taint 27 after 10 and 5, 60 WCM I hope you're doing okay We hope your life is coming back together a little bit We're very depressed that the competitors across the street Can't keep their transmitter on the air And you've got all that Hispanic time and temp and dribble on there And 790 like we used to on WCN years ago I just had a fated that signal too much Because that would probably cost some real money And it gave the dolphins all that money Hey, when you're shopping for shoes Comfort and fit is what it's all about So do the smart thing when your tuts these are looking for brand new shoes And that is going to brand these for the most comfortable fit And your favorite style of shoes Brandies carries a humongous fantastic selection Of all the top brands and the shoe business like rockports, floor shine, echo, and fisto SAS new balance, what's not to like And Brandies make sure you have a customized video favorite comfort shoe Where we tend to just ask for Arnie He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price And the pros at Brandies really understand comfort and fit Brandies specialize in wide widths as well Brandies as well worth your trip from just about anywhere in South Florida Has been for years and years now So keep this in mind for comfort, style, fit, value and selection The only place you need to be thinking about is Brandies shoes 1290 North federal highway and property reach open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 9 to 5 and all of the people of South Florida during this very difficult time Our thoughts are with you, Sarah friends at Brandies And Brandies is open, that's the good news Brandies open the surfer community as they have for the past 25 years plus This is a meal rush This is five 16-year-old Four more bombs dropped Five six seven eight four bombs dropped Oh, 10 11 12 more bombs dropped We're going to drop the bomb around the glass Look on the drop and bombs and take a stand Loosen that drag right off there And we're going to fall around the clock Stock tonight, we're going to rock bombs up I'll play a life, put down a bomb, count a mama and rise Look like a from here now Outbreaks Rockinson Use the boys who have used is 10 And they got another one They got ajin Others don't know about how many passa Some drinks or drinks A pulse may reach high There's a field of bombs, a powerful blast we're going to do. I love their ass, we're going to bomb the rounds of Blacktune Night. We're going to bomb bomb, knock out their lights, we're going to bomb, go to bomb, we're going to bomb the rounds of Blacktune Night. We don't go, don't go. I can't stop the boy, he's so pretty. Hey, no, go get your own pizza by the way. They got great pizza in here, or they can go out there on like 34th or 40 seconds straight and get it out of slice. 1033, 274, 11 o'clock and 5th, 60, and WCM. That's just a preface to a story I'm sure you'll be hearing in days to come. Won't they? Probably. I would think so. Not here though, we don't want to be a Schmittus Dervis. 567, we got to hear from some people out there finding out about more restaurants that are open and things that people need to know and important things in the course of the chronic and idiots. 567, 560, our phones are working. Thanks, staff, great job. You almost think we got an engineering stand there, almost. At least to better what they got across the street, by a long shot, at least we're still on the air. 560, 560, pound 560, only Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. Yep. Just want to give you a heads up. About a spoon today. Yeah. Monday, Tuesday was on your poll. We're open and day in the beach at 330. He's getting to be smaller, larger, closer to my eye. Yeah. We open a file of pot to get power back. Well, on the Tuesday. That's right. Monday's on and we have Tuesday. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. He's just like Bob Lincoln, mini. I was just about to be here. But thanks a lot of good call, good information. That's the kind of thing we need a lot more of. You know what I'm saying, lot more. And don't forget more from New York at two. Not in the studio because we don't want those cookies spread in the way. So, thank you. Thank you. Thanks. This is great. If you've got a business and you want to let people know that you're open and you want to make a few bucks after a week of real grief. I'm telling you man, I mentioned that yesterday and nobody's really writing enough about that. They've been one or two little teeny tiny articles. See, the newspapers don't have to worry because they publish a video all over the Imagine a lot of people cancel their ads or at least, you know what I mean post-bomem. But it doesn't put a beautiful page ads in when you store it's closed to the or your restaurant or whatever it might be or your restaurant like Pomp and O Park and the others. A lot of damage to Gulf Stream too and in like a lot of way from finishing that construction. They got some real issues over there. Do you have any QAM? Hello. Yes. Yes sir. I'd like to talk to Neil about the gas. Speaking. Speaking. I wanted to know why I'm talking to these gas stations about subsidizing their generator. What is subsidization been buying for a long time with the way they've been gouging us as it is? Right. Well, I guess those record $1 billion profit. You know, maybe the folks at the Exxon and the other big guy and Chevron. Maybe they could afford a few bucks for generators. I mean, maybe just that maybe just that stock in gas companies like his brothers. Speaking of that, you'll be very pleased to know that you're a secretary of defense, run for a run. Comey, run. He's got enormous amount of stock in that drug. Yeah. Yeah. But did you just say you're the only company in the United States that actually makes it as being sold to a foreign investor? Now we're not going to have any. You don't have to get your money. If they make a you contact with the run for a run. You're going to have to stay up over to his joint. Where is the question when we have to eat you or they get a hold on to a You don't ask too many questions, man, because they'll come and get your ass. Good luck to you, pal. All right. Don't ask any questions. Thinking of generators, it was just brought to my attention in a Harold article. You know, people will be a mercy for the cost of a generator. But only if you were an unprepared shrub and waited until your power went out to buy one. If you were prepared like some of us and bought your generator before the hurricane. They won't reimburse you. They will not. And you're saying, well, I'd call him a right now. Tell you, mama. Yeah. Well, you mama's so sucks in hell. That's what I would tell him. Bastards. God, almighty. What kind of a country are you people living in for Christ's sakes? Man, it used to be, I can remember when the US was the greatest country in the world. Now all of a sudden, they stole that election in 2000, everything went to hell. Then we had buildings falling and we had all this all kinds of crap going on. Gas, three and a half bucks a gallon. And people dying needlessly enough for a fully war based on lies. And people have it like a B and that didn't resign from the White House because the fact they are a lie part of a conspiracy. They're covering up to the old smear and smear conspiracy. I've been telling you that for a long time, Paul O'Neill, he wrote that book and all of a sudden, well, he used some confidential classified information in there and Paul, you better watch out and keep your mouth shut. We're going to fry your ass. Remember that? Yeah. But after his book came out, right? And of course, you know, it was a pile of crap anyway, but nevertheless, they sure shut. Don't see him no more. They shut him up good. Schmear and Schmear. Just like Cindy Sheen. Here's a woman lost her kid in the Iraq and a needless war. She's got the co-holms, unlike most of the Democrats, to go around a country, screaming bloody murder and getting a whole bunch of other people involved. And smear her ass too. You know, why do I do that? And use that faggot there or my me, please try to wait to help do it. That misfludge. I'm going to tell you, if you see him just take a basic member of the movie, Ms. Ree with James Connecante, but with the Marquis Necaps. Ms. Fudge. I'm encouraging anybody that encounters him under beach. Get a aluminum bat from the hurricanes and go ahead and just break his kneecaps. And make them understand the kind of panties and clicking self-hitting mighty cone. You're free or idiot. You're quizzing. You're simple to just like yesterday. It is a big news on there about this new Nazi day got that they won on the Supreme Court Samuel Alito. And he's got the tear jerk in the story about all the Republicans are all upset because the Democrats are calling him Scolito. And it's an ethnic thing, you know, with like Scolia and his name combining, which has nothing to do with ethnic and has to do with political philosophy as in fascism. You're quizzing. You idiot. You're fair. Like I said, how does it feel to look in the mirror every day you bald-headed geek with your silly head? Every lies your a total sellout 40 Fagdue. Huh? This is Neal Roger. This is 5.16. What is this? What is this? A monk. Numbers and blind justice comes another exciting tale of a different way of an able client fighter. I'm an excellent detective. Yeah. I'm an excellent detective. This is Wayne Man, P.I. This is the first getting away. What? After a... I'm an excellent driver. Wayne Man, P.I. He's a sensitive, compulsive about catching fruits. Rayman, what do you make of this? But Victor was found wearing only his underwear. Definitely get my boss into a team-art Cincinnati. He sees to it that every criminal gets his day in court. He was called, Tennessee Judge Wobbner. Judge Wobbner is not on the people's court anymore. Uh-oh. Wayne Man P.I. And for Saturday nights. But not a Monday. Definitely not a Monday. Yeah, whatever you say. On 10.44 or 16.24, 11.5.60. WQA and anyway, start to read the thing about the cable I got side tracked by some crap. Yep. Comcast and a half itself learned not work was operating. Go Comcast and Delphi largest cable company in Palm Beach service for most subscribers. Well, return when the electric comes back, damage to cable infrastructure. Sometimes make that impossible. Because internet access is almost always linked to a phone or cable service. Hundreds of thousands of South Floridaans are also webless. Like George and Josh is webless. Delphi South said it was delaying by two weeks. Local phone rating increases. Oh, thank you so much. I'm proved by the Florida Public Service Commission schedule to take effect on Saturday. But to give you a two week. And let me ask you this. You think on your cable bill, you're going to get like a rebate from the days that it was not operating. So you bet and on your phone bill. Absolutely. I'll call them up and I'll say I was without cable for this much. Please credit my account and they will as they have in the past with no less or fuss. Well, thank God for that. Meanwhile, the Alphi has said 42% of its 165,000 cable TV internet customers in me. Volkid Delrey or he had service yesterday. Of Adelfi is almost 200,000 customers in the West Palm area. Only 38% had service. And a Palm Beach Garden area, 70% of 120,000 subscribers were up and they had service too. Of Adelfi is 43,000 customers in Broward, 91% of its service in date numbers were 68 or more. 68% of more than 76,000 customers. Following all these numbers? No. Well, I don't know. They either make you feel a little more optimistic or make you feel depressed if you don't have your stuff. Which is your case. Advanced cable communications, which has fewer than 50,000 subscribers and cruel springs in Westinson, fewer than 10% of its customers were without service. For satellite TV operators, direct TV and dish network, the biggest problem is dishes that were blown away or shifted by their hurricanes wins are busted in half like mine. My direct TV of tourists. Direct TV said 25 to 30% of its customers lost service after this storm. Schoest and Robert Mercer. Remember Bobby Mercer? No. Said the company was working closely with FTNL, the Restore Service by Neighborhood and Neighborhood by Neighborhood as soon as electricity is restored. Direct TV rival dish network wouldn't say how many of its customers are without service. How many customers do they have in the entire software area dish show and network? Yeah. Oh. Well, that should be easy to figure out. Now here's the FTNL story and you believe it if you want, but I know. Don't believe it. Thousands of utility full snap and toppled during Wilma because of frequently strong gusts, not because of poor maintenance, Florida Plunder Reluital Facial City yesterday. FPL is examined 900 down polls since last week's storm and found no evidence that deterioration substandard materials are faded or anchored and deeply enough contributed to their demise. Company officials said. State regulators have criticized the company last summer for failing the document in specials of its polls in Broward and Dave. The issue had been on the back burner until last week. When Wilma scattered 7 to 10,000 polls across three counties, contributing to blackouts that affected more than 6 million FPL customers in the state. The second time I compare isn't about a thousand polls filled one Katrina hit the arena August, Katrina was a cat one preliminary data from the National Weather Service show top wins feeds that would make Wilma category one storm too. Each of William is their she's just everywhere, you know the geeshig girl, right? Vice President for distribution that failed since she thinks meteorologists have underestimated Wilma's force and eventually will conclude the wins must have been more powerful at least in some places. We just had Katrina the same area polls didn't rot overnight she said. That's interesting. Why the way to putting it? FPL and Zena John McAvoy said he's seen long strings of polls knocked down by Wilma. Some had been installed in the 70s and have been installed as reasonably as last year. Many of the downpoles were found next to an open field or pond where the one could have celebrated before hitting them. Of the 900 polls examined, the greatest majority. Work well above the ground level and broken away that suggests they were supposed to force far greater than design capabilities. Sounds to me like the Lord blew him down. Or maybe it was the three world the three bears. The wolf. You think? Mr. Huffington. The top three bears that were hopping in puffing. There was three pigs. That's where the little pigs in musk and bears. The indiscinders in the cinderfella. Most of the wooden poles used in south, I don't know any of those fairy tales. Most of the wooden poles used in south, I would assign to when Dura wins up the number of 18 miles in our concrete poles. They built significantly stronger. But many of those broke during well-matured, dang it. Cruise working in the field on Monday seemed to echo the conclusions reached by a field in the year. Well, there you go. I'll follow the following. But do we really believe a wrong? No, what are they going to say? You're going to say, boy, you guys really suck and don't bother paying us. I don't think so. I'll put her all whipped up about the avion flu now. I see how they changed the subject. Today he does that yesterday that it's been with the Supreme Court. The new Nazi they want to stick on there. And nobody's talking anymore about scooter, literally or about anything. That means anything. Or about all these people dying in Iraq and the February of the 2025 at least in American. Nobody's talking about any of these things. Because they're wagon the cats' ass is what they're doing, man. Couldn't they have wagged a dog a little bit, but these people are wagon the pigs are curly ass. The pig tail. I wonder if Johnny Depp is into it. What was that movie again? What was pigs? The pig tail movie with Johnny Depp. Oh, with a little spit curl? Yeah. Cry baby. Cry baby. I haven't seen that and I'm from what you tell me. I'm not a dog. Yankee clipper takes on a woman. But Yankee clipper. Why do I think a skipper chuck in Brazil and connection with that? Didn't he used to do a show there or something? It's not a skipper. I know who he was skis connected with or was with the Westett restaurant. We got the advertisement on our station by the way. The copper lake. Okay. Maybe it's because I think I once saw a Chuck's teeth sitting in a glass. I beg your pardon. Maybe it's because Clipper runs with skipper. Maybe that's it. But I don't think so. I think once it's back in the day. Back in the day. Skipper up to. I can't sit and do with that. But anyway, the Yankee clipper. I don't know. Joe Normazio. The Yankee clipper. He didn't have none to do with it either. The beach club building at the Sheraton Yankee clipper would remain close for a significant stretch of time in the wicket severe battery by Hurricane Wilma. But the 365 inland rooms will reopen once power returns to the four-log near the resort. And then the next day. That would make the clipper one of Wilma's biggest casualties among hotels. Broward tourism chief Nikki Grossman said a hundred of the eight hotels were open yesterday, but only 60 expected to be close for a week or ten days for the repairs. We're said they'd be ready to open as soon as they would gain electrical service. And I'm sure that I'm not the hotels are filling up with tourists, which I doubt very seriously. Or with local residents who have no power, one like a good or place where they can take it. Why don't I understand why you don't do that? You're making a big box. Huh? Yeah, take the family of one of those nice posh hotels on the beach over there. Everybody can take a nice hot shower. They have interest. They're so campy we're saying a cold shower. What's that all about? You can't wait to take a cold shower. Maybe he was doing this. He was a car. I mean, I didn't realize that. He's got to take a cold shower. Maybe that's a cow in front of the Dodgeplace. He's got him all whipped up. And did County, probably 99% of the county's hotels were open. He said, Ginny Guderias, spokeswoman for the Greater Miami Convention and visitors bureau. And she said, the hotels here. I expect a bit. That's what she said, just like having a rough. So why don't you get a cold but do you want me to be in the beach and Right here, in fact, that's what Greg ought to do for you. I just had a brainstorm. No, listen to me. This is the image. As a way of saying great job during the summer and because I really want to show you that I care, even though I hate you like poison George, I'm going to get you for the weekend. This coming weekend. A nice big, a couple of people are on my beach and one of our many trade outs. I know that's what I've treated. And those, on and long today, and do you take the whole family over there? And probably probably up on a high floor too. So if somebody in the family should fall off the balcony, it always went great. Miami's Conrad, a luxury hotel in that headwind. You don't think that's a nice idea? Yeah, it's nice. I'll keep trying it. And we're sure that he won't do it. Yeah. Miami's Conrad, a luxury hotel in that headwind was blown after England. We'll must say yesterday that we opened within 10 days far better than the end of November. We turned first printed by the hotel. In the keys about 90% of the resorts are up and running. Said tourism, spokesman Andy Newman. So what happened with fantasy-fifth? Yes, can they? On a wonderduff, no one does you hit a leave or go out of town because there were no fantasy-fifths. Who probably would like to go like to province town? A bigger section, little palm island, and resort, they posh get away on little torch key, which won't reopen till December the turn. Little palm island, a resort. Jesus. In news about the Yankee clip, or came amid confusion over the fatal landmark hotel, which helps to meant the city's fun and sung reputation in the 60s when it was sung and fun before they destroyed all those miserable old Graham. When it led, where the boys are from, on location there with Connie Francis and Frankie Avalon and all those other Graham. The hotels operator, Starwood hotels and resorts worldwide, it should news release saying the attack property would remain closed and definitely after the storm. There was just an error made, general manager, a mori piedra said. Starwood said, well, those damage prompted the trip to move up for the invasions plan for May. Summer, please go to hotels and fill construction and begin. Here's the, the hotel might do that with the 125. Room, uh, be, hey Connie. She's got a little problem, yeah. Connie Francis. She was okay, MGM records as I recall, y'all label. I might do that with the 125 room beach run building with that larger building crossade when it would stay open, even during renovations. He said the beach run building suffered broken windows and water damage, which could take an extra month to cover the surface. To the, I keep looking for parts to open parts are closed. Take the whole family over there and now y'all hotels are up. I think that's a decent idea. I mean, who the, what kind of tourists are going to come to a place that's hurricane battered and, uh, press the 80 into his bowling balls and lunch Canadians who are down here in forest. Oh, that's a big project there. No wonder the Lord smoke you again with Wilma. He's in the right place. It's good thing the, a panther's in Montreal tonight. By the way, the bell center is in the arena where they play the bell center. I just thought I mentioned it and passing just anybody here. Oh, yeah, I seen it from the outside. Do not go to Montreal. The food is great, but the people are French. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the Verizon, and sing it a lot of a song. We're getting slowly but surely if you restaurants called in, maybe you'll even find a taco bell where some drive-through places that are open already. On the, huh? We got a, a messenger getting some taco bell as we speak. Really? Who went to get food? I sure hope not to mow. No, I find it like that's what he's in the ear. Although, you know, I'm going to have to have him, you know, it's muggle the food in under his shirt. I'll let him get it fat boy. No, one of my friends. Oh, one of your friends, but you don't want to say who? Oh, you know. Can be Tony, could it? No, nobody that works here. Oh, a personal friend, let's get you Taco Bell? No, an personal friend. I see, well, that's great. Thank God for that, man. And of course, if you do break your own food into the station, some hazard will come along and just grab it right off the table there. And, you know, run away with it. Absolutely. I don't want to mention no names or don't don't don't don't don't. That is shocking. I mean, there are some people who are true sociopaths. They cannot function in conjunction with any other human. They just, with any human. I shouldn't say other human because that makes the biggest assumption big leap. They just can't interact with other people. They need to be like, I don't know, maybe with animals or, I, I don't know where or what? You don't want to say? Not Magazin no name is, of course. Absolutely. Come over to QAand. Hello. I'm right open. Come later. Hello. Yes. Alice. Wait, now we'll come lift up. Oh, it's awesome. Andy, your house is cleaner than it is because different laws can't be confessed. I really don't think everyone knows what happened really just after to Huey switching things here. That's what you're looking for is like outdoors woods in the all that's great That could be 20 people smoking a big fat ones here man. You don't need to go all the way to Vancouver See yeah, oh yeah, they smoke openly here I mean go out and smell like guns in the air and like who gives a crap but in America all man And I still can't get over the fact that nobody's talking anymore about that kid that 20 year old guy Oh, you know, he was a dirty artist He was a deal. He was a dealer So they killed his ass and that jackass swatine got a call to that day on the show Shame on you you murderer and we got a scale here in the studio that you bought well guess what This is the Neil Roger show This is a blank Women in a bag Oh, there's the Royal Couple. There's Prince Charlie with a big ears, Dumbo de Elfin, and Kimula Parker Bowles, and Prince Charles, where's Kills? She bowls and he was being so relaxed, and those big-celly socks. If you ever see him, Prince and the Rhonda were in Scotland in the Kills. Oh, my God, Kimula. Hey, Charlie. You're fairy. And you also want to go to the job that is suppressing that story about him and his Butler, and they were doing like the, well, whatever. They were doing Doug Eastell. Laura, a fact says, and says, I have been able to send this previous days. I'm still without power, and didn't return to the orphan until the day. But, she says, let me purpose by saying, F.B. All sucks the big one. Man, in the beginning, after the hurricane, F.B. Allifies they need to handle hospitals and emergency places first. Okay, that's fine. That's fine. However, on Tuesday morning, I had to make it over to Kiva Skin. I saw 12 F.B. All trucks working on restoration on Kiva Skin. Why is that? There are no hospitals in Kiva Skin, could it be because money talks in Bush, mid-Walks, in this town money always comes first. And it's a looted and it's closing at P.L. sucks as well. You got your thumb out of honey, you're right. And this business of a, it seems like it's become like all the media wants to suck up to a voice. And now they all want to suck up there. I don't understand that. The more incompetent and the next and the more you let people down, the more everybody wants to lick you lick you. I don't get it. I think somebody's got their number. There's Chuck Schumer. There he would. You would. There he go. There's Chuck. Hey, nice bifo for Chuck. Okay, a little more information. And we'll get a whole bunch of people calling it. You know what I would like to know before this spot comes up in a couple minutes. What? See, I don't want to knock at him, although he, I just don't know if I ever recover repair a relationship after he gave me that bogus information last Friday about the BP station being open on the court. Is it open now by hesitate to ask? Yeah, that's up. Oh, well, I mean, at least you might give me, you know, act with an answer. A straight answer. But he had no idea. Or just gay. And I don't know. But he kind of is in breathlessly before the show. He just saw an answer. Oh, yeah, they're open. There's a line there. Yeah. See, like how people's agree with it being an afternoon, by they're going to come up with Harriet's and they're just saying, You're a thking a whole bunch of people could listen lightly and try to go to the Lord Lloyd trailing her, and pretend they're going to am infre-, and everybody's going to be going through it. Oh, ma'am. Of course, if I'm going to givecice the play. But I wish you would help that play out right with his interview. Then I'll and these uh... and this is nothing new with Berkeley because they they they send it over to a skim not nothing she's on job leave me on a case she's a case but uh... i have no idea if they're open or not wouldn't that be nice to know well i'm not a spot it comes up at him i can tell the audience whether open here they're not open here yet or they're all whatever all of these things man all of you that would be nice to see that's part of the job it's called job description as a salesperson servicing the account uh... taking care of the copy finding out in times of uh... crisis and emergency like this what's going on okay which even fat boy is uh... all over a life stink on Greg you know but no animus just uh... he's gone a wall since he came in last right i ripped his ass for kimi bed and pogan all those people lined up there for guest and others people are not pissed off at him they're pissed off at me because i thought but was in full on the air right jash right but it frost my ass so if you want to be pissed off as a big pissed off at atinturan because he's a one-of-came-worshing in here and he hears me in photos in correct about something that we have nothing to do with and then when it comes to the infoy need for one of our fine long-time sponsors i can't get an answer i can't find out went and found maybe we'll come running in there between now and the trouble it's after do you think all of that you know if it is you know come on and i'm get off your ass too much hacky panky when i got that's the problem i think you've heard that from my branch moots who is doing uh... he was doing somebody in our box at the uh... macaroon remember that he was doing his girlfriend in the sky box i saw in Brian broke it in yeah he broke it in all right and the uh box too well date classes may resume Thursday mimey date schools cancel class to Wednesday hoping to be open Thursday morning never that song by the mama's in the pop of Thursday morning remember that i was just listening to it this morning they public schools remain closed at least two tomorrow is district leaders wait for electricity return at dozens of schools around the uh... county official city at least forty five of dates three hundred twenty seven schools were still without power money up and and few others had electricity in the main building but not in portable classrooms schoksman joseph garsias said the district hopes to be zoom classes Thursday we're crossing our fingers at our legs he said and our eyes and our ears on monday ffs president geisha will get she's all over the place man she's everywhere he's like a disease like a uh... a boyle she's like a big boyle said all day schools that i have power restored by tomorrow do we believe her well let's just put it this way gisha will believe it when we see it she wasn't able to estimate when we're finished in brown or fear than half the schools have power brown taxes are also cancelled today and through tomorrow with a citizen expected the next day or two about the matter to me i don't now i love the way they write this math you pins are rights in the hill when they decision expected the next day or two about the way made of the week probably that makes sense to me the next day or two because uh... all right right i don't have a lot of adam came in and said uh... all locations are open if they weren't he would have told you so so i'm just a note that was zoom that they're open is that's right just just uh... functions that's right all locations are open no okay see now is getting survey by if they weren't he would have told me yeah you mama just like he told me that be p was open to at any way not that would be a little bit too much like an effort to say hey guess what they are all three open how would i know that i'm just i'm just a human any place you want to go that we like to open okay rainy weather slow some utility work one day gersie said but ffl restored power fairly easily some campuses previously thought to be hard to fix scrapping one day passes means they will blast eight days to a moment plus four mortar hurricanes Katrina and rea it's good to be a habit it's like with an up north when he gets snowed out all boy that love those days uh... you wake up at a morning snowing like hell though yet and you turn on the radio at the TV any way to them runs all classes of schools cancel the candidate what academy today oh yeah and you go all right go back to bed superintendent really cool met monday at no with the fan asked governor who said last week that he was reticent to allow south of schools to dip a little demanding and a hundred and he's school day that they school year he wanted school boards to take a vacation holiday and teach her plan in this kazel before asking for waiver maybe he's got some devious plans so they can do that on the other hand bush city would like to post four administering the fcat test in south florida cruis city one at least a one week delay on the test which are given in February and March last year bush graded one in two week extensions thirteen ravaged counties other than lack of electricity in the dark and traffic signals like comoted grassy said day schools are ready to rock and roll all significant damage was repurbished on Sunday and school buses are fueled and ready to roll it says he's ready to rock and roll like i just got through saying only thirteen campuses reported a breed block access and thirty four reported down power lines on your school property crew plants to me with the district nine hundred principles in the system principles on Wednesday hoping to prime them for the task of resuming classes for more than 360 thousand students have been away for about two weeks for crisis last week he announced the ten point recovery plan included and i want their fences making for a right for the quality of the patients since the so we missed after school year not going to be anything anyway right right not teaching a crowd speaking to your flat and scuba board just got a whole lot of her accumulated stuff and then we'll get to the good stuff i got a story here that is just i i just know how much more of it than the living and breathing people can take the flat earth society whether it's stem cell research whether it's this so-called intelligent design uh these are crazy people and they take it over the country thanks to a still a two-year-old actions and immediately just uh obediently goes along they they they deal with these people like they have some kind of credibility legitimate like uh what would dignity you know with crazy people but i don't know just like that the flat earth crowd debate rages on use of cervical cancer vaccine while almost a hundred percent effective some content the use condones teen sex the right wingers yeah no matter what scientific advance we make the right wingers will come up with some reasonable position no matter how much sense it makes no matter how much misery and illness and suffering it can avoid and prevent and no matter how many diseases it can cure uh well uh the embryo the fetus they uh life begins that the only one i say it does uh brother when you do realize that if they can for which i i don't know what's going to happen there's going to be a lot of war on it's uh not to your point of the supreme court yeah but if they can firm this illito fascist and uh the bottom line is that the uh we're gonna be a majority of Catholics on the supreme court great and i'm sure that the fascist pope you see how this is all tying out here the fascist pope his bdi is a big role in my like a pinball machine man he'll be going if Schmidt he'll love it anyway speaking to your fan ask governor state officials will find a way to require some gas stations to have generators were born along weights did south flot or resident experience after her king will your fan ask governor say the yesterday but we're said any requirement is unlikely to come with assistance from the state given the multi million dollar profits that all companies make well somebody finally must have smack him in the side of the head they've got to be ways to create a requirement that there's an opportunity to be able to recover quickly boys said standing outside of mommy city hall it doesn't take much by if he takes some of the money that no well was using for blow for said the state is also likely to look at why so many power lines were toppled but said putting the lines underground comes at in normas cost bush made his remarks and he spent today during hurricane damage from clueless into my me he praised my misfits of hurricane giving me your money ds is running for your election a huge boost before the TV cameras Monday evening we have made his way around a food tent at that field staging site i wonder if he's eaten them are ease at tropical park patty utility workers on the back in thanks shaking hands imposing for photo ops group pictures photo up there is the thing oh nuggets not you are looking at the governor one more for us this camera flash yeah anybody look good next to that that's power means a major concern ds called the lack of electricity in the top of the power pulls across our flora almost ridiculous he said ridiculous and he said a person like in a running for reelection like me can't afford to be made to look ridiculous but for said he was pleased over all the fields response though then the utilities that a better job of informing the public what it can realistically have power back especially like the power when he said everybody will have power back by seven years from circus he liked that that makes it easier there's a little more certainty said i think they've done very well i've never satisfied to life in commission is complete you are such a fan asked idiot Jim moron i'm the issue of whether an adequate ff we all maintenance of the squimming may have added a par was worse than it's too soon to make those sort of judgment calls right too soon to see who's paying off on and who's got their hand in whose pocket sounds kind of what gay to me back can't find a hit the button there i think that i think the lord smelt my finger actually looks like it's burned around the tip end of it eleven third and the finger two eleven thirteen and five sixty wf you have the ammo coaster all open that's what i'm in torrent says okay and if they weren't open he'd come in and told us that all queen how do you like that come on how about it out of that uh oh wouldn't you know that i don't like to assume anything we already had the deal where we sent people shoffin to one place in turn out to be close because you know i got some bumming information so let's uh you know let's get it right we were to take it about five seconds to send put a scroll a little mode ammo coaster all open okay i mean i realized the copy is only last seven months old but that's okay because i know that's what Richard wants hey what you have about family slice my name the ammo coaster's lord is number one agent gourmet buffet is rated by you get restaurant review and all three locations are open now and now we're here Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fish featuring main lobster served thermidor cell every night is crab fest with the last game snow crab legs dungeon is crab and jonas stone crabs the menu still includes fresh oysters on a have cell in a sushi bar with over 30 13 15 items the ammo coaster also served delicious juicy succulent newer states cooked to your order and handcarb primer just ziggins a different great dishes everything fresh and crispy too nothing sitting there for hours mushy like a lot of those joints for dessert they room for the ammo coaster famous 40 inch chocolate fountain you can hand it if you're on strawberries marshmallows other deck and treats as well and don't forget the ammo coaster most healthy living they call call cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol precanol oil no MSG no corn starch no headaches just a big fat smile on your face when you walk out so book your reservations of one of ammo coaster's offload locations are all open atom says there were sunrise sunny house beach in pepper pines for the ammo coaster 954 57723822 this is meal rudder this is 562 a people are ice holes you've seen him on channel 7 first as a 2 bit reported now as a 2 bit anchor that wears more makeup and temi faker and Mary cake and buying rick sentia's thing here are the dulcent tones of the man who brought you crunchack rick sentia's rick sentia rick sentia rick sentia's rick sentia's things here we are with a block rick sentia's on this rick sentia's it is pesty face to our over hialia it's one show you all want to miss a good one from god 20 after 11 at 560 WCM happy 2d2 November 1st only 40s away from my 63rd birthday my older one 63 not for me well as bad 63 it's getting a really close to that time let's talk about a lot of big time before i close just i can say hey look at all the money i got i can spread around a little bit i just had something so important to say i just just slipped away very more important to me for a few more calls here okay open up the window if we hand one and sneak a few more because we can get some more of these restaurants that are open and maybe some other like banks wouldn't you think that all the banks ought to be open by now? yeah the state and don't across the street is open we know that our buddy Brad is got Tony's open up there in 441-192 or 3 whatever it is and where else my friend from down the street my neighborhood she's got Jackaranda peace open in plantation what else most things most restaurants are open now i'm wasting my time i'll tell you what let's just give a listen to the ones that are still closed there we go listen what we're going to be doing tomorrow the rest of the week we're going to be listening all the dogs that weren't lost during the hurricane by name like ours you're dog at lost no was that lost? oh was that all thank god for that like a friend of mine said that you don't want to know who it was but he said as long as the dogs are okay that's all he cares about that's right oh he's got his priorities nerd outside of that dogs first people last believe me most people not all but most unless it looks really good oh speaking of people you know i know it's kind of pointless for me to keep repeating this would you people and well-thought you people because one thing i will say about america americans and Germans for the most part all of them are the old ones the Romans smell like toach toacham but uh at least americans and Canadians most of them smell good eh well not Canadians that are like from other places like from china and from like india right Pakistan and oh man it's not bad enough that they had to have those machines kind of a snare drum that would be in last night but i first of all first comes at old lady i don't want to get into a racial thing here she said sound next to me not only did she smell like she didn't see the bar of soap or body wash in the last few years but also what she had been sleeping in the same clothes for those 15 years i mean musty she smelled like and then she started seep and roll gas on the floor she was at it so she smell like a combination of mothballs and farts then she finally gets up and leaves which he was there in intramitable time losing her ass and i thought oh thank god and guess what worse now along comes some big uh i don't know 30 years kind of guy i don't know where to help what planet he was from he's where like a big heavy coat i don't know why i wasn't that cold but i think i'm like thank god and in machine mine and i'm like hang in my head off of the sailor sand and he's far off to the right and away from his i can i'm just holding my bread literally holding my breath because every inhalation was like the end of the world my my signices were flaring they were scorched from the aroma sounds like a good turn like i've always know what is not like i've always said if you can't look good taken from somebody who knows at least smell good for Christ's hey well we're talking about people that are open just got a fact from our uh our friend maddoer's movie yeah well she's open all the time from his during the hurricane the uh power smoothie bring this food every now and again and they're open over there in the promenade shops with their everything they have everything the protein shakes the smoothies wraps rice bowls every i wonder about Ruth christ you think they're open there's five kind of station right we ought to know we ought to find out all the extra two or three locations roots christ that would be a nice thing also the gesture for Greg to like uh take you and your family to Ruth christus weekend for a nice and easy stage hey they take your brains of food how about take the work he's my bring in some food i wonder if they're open in tamarind remember they brought in those uh nice brisket and potato and the brisket on brisket on bread ooh a tiska the task a task a tiska be sure want that brisket i might even come back to that but i don't think so uh two jays i wonder if that's open in the fountain shops they were raving about the other that's a great place it's not a fancy place it's not an expensive place it's just a great place i only do that one time i think uh next time i come back i'm going to make sure to be there again and he uh it was so damn nice of it even let me pay whatever to go that's just kind of added the uh a little frosting on the cake i'm not one of those snores that goes right looking for free me is just kind of embarrassing to me maybe you do like that i don't remember it i don't care you want to say hey hey let me pay i want to say that they're always not on like that Steve came what you're going to do without Burton jacks good question what you're going to do without birds to pay i was wondering about bird Reynolds and Dom Deli's and i'm saying gay anyway five six seven oh five sixy let's get a whole bunch of these calls in the next to sixty-second before the break pound five sixty me horizon and singular wireless lines somebody q i m hello neah that it i'm sorry in the towel yeah and i'm going to be in here sack i'm moving the cannon i'm out of four uh and i'm going to keep the counter that it is a dice okay yeah paradise my assmo and by the way put on the pizza pizza thief ww i am hello no yes sir what happened your buddy still got uh one bankrupt next door to you yeah they couldn't afford to juice man no man he he can't pay anymore just to hear himself on the radio uh i guess daddy ran out of money Joel and the stugots is daddy they're off the air i guess still i'm loving 30 and more and they're still off the year and we got that uh Castro is a no-spitting lace station bleeding through with a time in uh whatever else radio or radio uh crap yeah so there you go that's what's happening to seven ninety now they can't even keep it anything and they probably figured that they're you know they did be a little evaluation you're after these numbers came out and they figured that they're probably going to save more money by shutting the transmitter off and by trying to sell spots you know dollar a hour because even they were selling the little dollars show their tomorrow and like uh oh man i think there's a wild timidest summer book shall give you the numbers between seven and ten thanks got a four two share four point two and a four point one and then and the little dollars got one four one five and one four more than double in every one of those three hours and that's supposed to be the big deal you know it little block who hates Joel find her like poison i'm here at WQAM hello hang out i do and his bad not being all over town yes sir listen bad news what's this world coming to johnny you yeah you just think about it now is it that we don't get where did you hear that i heard he's gay he was on the D.M. on roast he was gay yeah and gay now the best catcher one of the best catchers ever all well that's the best catcher like a glove now he's starting to put the pieces of puzzle together so to speak like a ball glove right what do you expect the catcher to be anyway some kind of Montreal guy 27 after eleven and five sixty w q a m we got speaking of macho the mole my spirit too he's a straight fighter he don't take any crap from any might my take your pizza though if you don't watch out he's a one of show from New York today and we got mad dog four to seven panther preview with seven o'clock tonight and then at seven thirty it's gully in the most of the mowsler righty mower from the bell setterwood munchie all the panters at the kind of the ends to try to like make up for last night's two to one loss here at the air Canada setterley make believe that any k from biggest follows the hockey game if hurricane will be damaged your car so now you're in the market for brand new one get on down and see our friends at arm strong for the homestead to help you through these trying times arm strong forward will pick you up and bring it to the dealership how do you like that for nation why he's giving all her can victims a seven hundred fifty dollar check and they've written staff are also giving you seven fifty that's fifteen hundred dollars for the purchase of a forward only when you do your car shopping and truck shopping at arm strong for the homestead this is an additional the other four rebates and discuss on their territory when you buy new forward from arm strong for drum set no one you always get a great deal but you also always get arm strong for the exclusive tires and batteries for like program arm strong for free to just like family with kid blows because they know they want to see you again make you a customer for life you won't get a better deal on a forward any place thousand town especially now no bait and switch no full need deals arm strong for the homestead 3075 south sixty highway just twenty minutes south of the eighty six check them on the web arm strong cars dot caliph you have your internet's going or give the rich a call of three oh five two four seven fifty one twelve and asking to come pick you up and get that fifty hundred bus now toward the purchase of that new forward car truck grab a little and save a ton and arm strong forward of homestead this is a meal rosers this is five sixty two eights all the slime all the time but slow is really not dinner it's not easy to read a chicken or turkey all the so thirty Whthier probably can get your break you know what what I'm sure you select him a lot I mean a whole lot, I mean tell me, but then again like that fits as he's old in nasty old and gay gray At least he's not gay anyway for Christ's sake, so I'm that we don't it now he's not trust me. He's got more action in his time than well 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular while we're talking about with the ladies You know the ladies and he ain't no Scientologist either, okay? I got a story on that too coming up. Here's the story that I should have read a long time ago very important stuff I don't want to sit here and do a lot of reading especially with no calls coming in Well once that's this minute delay crisis up then you're gonna see any of season good stuff Laura Santina Who is that who's Laura Santina you might have? Laura Santina. Oh no, no, she had rights articles in this time it's a scroll chronicle piece and pre-demagazine and a whole bunch of other Women's studies counter punch or waking women et cetera and common dreams that are work Why aren't the Democrats screaming plenty murder and Laura you are absolutely got your finger right on it honey She says a recent possible article focused on the fact that Democrats are struggling to find one voice on Iraq We don't need one voice from the Democrats. We every Democrat who voted for this war to apologize for this illegal and a more war And it was this we leave Iraq immediately On October 11 2002 the Senate voted 77 to 23 in the house voted 296 to 130 three to authorize President Bush to attack Iraq if suddenly was saying refuse to give up weapons a mass destruction is required by U.N. Resolutions it didn't matter that who's saying had no weapons a mass destruction and hadn't had any since 1995 according to Edmuffins Inspector Scott Ritter a fact he says was well known by the US British Israeli and German intelligence It didn't matter that Iraq harboring a well-known counter terrorists It didn't matter that the weapons and inspections were moving along despite who's saying's moodyness on the subject It didn't matter that the whole world was watching who's saying there was no way he could possibly bring any more harm to his own or any other people To get the Congress and we the people on board in the words of general Anthony Zinney The administration cooked the books and the majority was not it approvingly a March 20, 2003 press in a Bush wall I'm with the unchecked power hand-to-doin by Congress declared preemptive war against Iraq Well over 2000 Americans recorded their rack body count project over 42,000 mackeys have died to date Thousands have been wounded many have been tortured in at Hamarkin and services grown long sharp teeth No one has been held accountable the truth was available to all members of Congress at the time of the vote and some chose to heat it Senator Mark Dayton said there was never any suggestion any briefings I attended that Iraq had or was about to acquire a nuclear weapons program Senator Kent Conrad took it upon himself before the event of the Iraq vote to read the book 1919 a history of Iraq's independence He learned about the longstanding conflicts between ethnic factions and knew that the Iraqi people wouldn't be waving you A strict reflex I knew know that was true. He said Senator Dick Durban didn't believe the hasty A hastily produced national intelligence document about Iraq's weapons standing on who that much of the document was conjecture Accord to Senator Dick and Lincoln, shapey the only Republican to oppose the war and never believed that the Iraq war was about weapons Amassage's corruption. It was this grand vision of changing the Middle East Grand vision of the Middle East how grand is a vision that requires bombing a country and he proud of its solar medical care for 10 years during sanctions How grand even effective can the vision be if the visionaries don't even know the history of the region? How grand is the vision that requires coming over 42,000 people over 26,000 horse civilians? How grand is the vision that destroys the infrastructure of another country and pays your own people big bucks to build it back up again? Even though many of the dead wounded are their own constituents and the children of their own constituents The high profile Democrats the ones who have announced your or her were to be preparing to announce a bid for the presidency are not Howling about having been lied to do not apologize him to families of the dead for their misguided votes did not insisting upon an immediate withdrawal from Iraq These Democrats who voted for the war include in Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton, Diane Feinstein and Julie Lieberman are Monitoring about political divisions stewing on mindless strategy about why the U.S. would stay in Iraq or mildly asking the administration for exit strategy plans The his credit John Kerry has proposed a tepid plan for withdrawing the troops but in doing so he referred to the war as a foreign policy misadventure It's not a misadventure. It's a bloody immoral foray backwards into cruel U.S. colonialism which was illegally manipulated by a bankrupt administration and approved by a large majority of our elected officials The only possible choice opened to us into the Nazi action and bringing to an end is quickly as possible The best way to support our troops is to bring them home before any more lives are lost Melvin Leard former Republican Secretary defense urges expedition withdrawal Contending our presence is what feeds the insurgency in Iraq Howard Zinn historian author argues that because the West Occupationalized it through to the civil war in Iraq The slower you phased it out to slower you in the insurgency Truthfully, the oblivious fascist ships and planes can bring them out It's time for the elected Democrats who support this tragic debacle to come clean and start running What a great article on well set up You spymeless jellyfish cowards, okay? We got a Nazi regime and the office is so called opposition is just rolled over and played dead Of course John Kerry he's busy doing the old deal He in fact he's even got a waffle iron Probably for his birthday. Don't be sent a mean nothing But he has electricity to use it to he probably's got the cable to his matter fact could old scary John Kerry In fact, I wouldn't be surprised to perform in mustard pages family a personal visit last night for Halloween You think he would probably dress up as her man monster and Halloween? He'll make up a sorry Or maybe Frank and Stein he could just put like them two bolts on his neck would be all he'd need Anyway, here's how the pull is coming up. He may confund John Kerry. Okay. He might just want again, but we sure pray not Even though he did win the last election. I think See this is another thing. How come the mainstream media that's swear I read the other aim? In the facts are right there. If anybody we'd be curious but they just don't two a stole them elections We've had a butt loveless cool in America. You've got an illegal regime taking the country down the toilet building up these multi trillion dollar deaths And it's like well, we got the other things to worry about Like his what's been him is the she meeting married their and taken to a rush And she really doing some of those oxies lost for a time when that be something huh? Actually, what was really what was poppin if you could see let's really he's hyperventilating these days He's got the inputs all the way up to his armpits Who are you most furious with George W. Bush 654 man we hate him like poison? He's the antichrist Now actually I take that back. He's not smart enough to be the antichrist Nobody I'm doing great 204 but hallelujah or happy for you are we happy for him? No Gas companies 178 fp.l 171 that number will continue boosting up there is more and more people get to power back so they can get the inner and get their internet's back Jet bullshit is seven You've found us idiot who tell I take the blame well, I square I'm sure that's very reassuring all those poor bastards out there who are Really off-saurus in fact the next story hundreds of brown residents evicted after their homes declared unsafe Nice going jab you're doing it the Democrat 77 media 59 lane neighbors 44 FEMA 40 insurance company 39 local politicians 29 Bell South 12 and the banks only 10 still Out of 163 vote Well, leave this pool on there. I'll tell them on and we had another one for tomorrow tonight tomorrow Got it Eric. Hey, Eric. I'm gonna be sending a new pool and I don't want to have to send it 20 or 30 times I don't want to get stuck in pushy or anything like that. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I know it's a laborer of love and don't be a pick it on poor Eric. He's doing the best he can Even always making a fortune from that damn website. You know since we took the new pictures off it Everyone just have to take the whole thing down anyway. Josh Oh, let's keep doing those stories though. It's important is it? I bet you don't even read them I Look at the headline Well, he's too busy putting them on there, okay? Yeah, and again, I bet your parents are sitting in their porn over every story Word by word all over what do they have to do with sport? I'm with a needle in their eyes. It's five 16 That power company Absolutely You put the cute children in New Jersey Larred of paradise in life. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you When it's storm threat we can count on food if they're in our power off long before it gets here We've been the rest of us two marvellers of blue's more of exploding transport We're biting us as historical perspective of 1957 technology and did the moist heat of tropical darkness Food we've seen these batteries and our radios drug tests your latest risk release for self-law Adir that says your trucks and crews are ready to lose from the Alabama State border and they're clustering in every word mind I'm so as we search for the appropriate answer to how many SPL emergency groups does it take to change the life Old Lord of paradise and life this birds for you In 16 to noon and here's the a new numbers by the way at this rate by the year 25 25 maybe George Mike and power back But I don't I got it. Let me compare the 10 a.m numbers from F.E. and Alpha to Plunder Reload to these six a.m numbers since in the last four hours since the between 6 and 10 they restore to other statewide 7100 more heavy duty in Proud they've added on a whopping 300 more homes In the day County they've added on 3,000. I'll excuse me 2800 don't keep you carried away And in the Palm Beach County they've added on a phenomenal also 2800 least of consistent Now I take that back yet 2800 like I said So here's the ascentechlock number As of a 10 o'clock in Broward 310,000 still out including poor George 52600 restored We still haven't found out about which Chris Day County 279 hundred still out 748,600 on restored Much better than in the well that's because Broward got you know, I think that thing went right through my hood there I right directly through the acres and now by the saw grass right blue right to the eye yeah Tom Beach 176 900 once 100 76 900 still out 466600 back on restored So they haven't kind of a slow go, you know, I like my mother used to have a slow go this morning Yeah, here's the fact that says power on after one week, but where's it? Elfia cable and high speeder net and Del Ray still not and they're pissed off about it We can tell from the handwriting whipped up into a frenzy Man angry and rightfully so Eight days later now, let's get with it. Let's get on it. Can you imagine how many lines? You just dangling and hanging and a lot of magic I could count of it, but what it now? Can you? That's a lot of time Tony says maybe they'll allow the several cancer vaccine for married Christian women assessments Every former citizen who partyed all through college only to find God on the other side of the bowl Now this I don't understand PS what you post the link to that article so we know who these women Any closet cases are I don't know what article he's talking about? I don't know do you know did I have a story about classic I got that Scientologist speaking about coming up straight on that John Revolta and Tommy Cruz and all these other gay celebrities Lisa Marie Another one I didn't know was a Scientologist Jenna Elfman, but you don't know who that is Isaac Hayes Isaac Hayes boy old boy. I bet he's getting the shaft Yeah, I'm thinking Now there's one other one very well known and you were like a gas when I didn't there was nowhere of it It a little capital coming to the end of the world just keep thinking about Scientologists maybe you was what's your name Curse the Alonio about Katie Holmes and Shirela. I think there's a better chance to Tom Cruz what had done Sherlock Holmes and Katie Holmes Was this my own birthday first the alley? Did I call a Christian now that's what is oh my god that cow The Scientologist cookie. Oh my god that is unbelievable that A classic bag's transport of clothes shoes important papers and toys as roughly a thousand residents of a larger He'll combo complex we're giving just a few hours yesterday to pack up and move out right at homeless by Wilma City officials in law to held the in all four hundred sixty units and sixteen buildings unsafe at the Stonebridge Gardens Condos in the 2,900 block of North West 55th Ave Well if you could see my toe how I gouged the Yes they meant some earclad and sliced it off That's preventing nurses technicians due to some of the secretaries on the growing list of thousands of people who's home to the Two-ish repairs before power can be restored safely some face year-long repairs and no one is sure when the where these people are gonna go long-term County official struck the estate to get a handle on the problem to try to get a handle on it and the problem too Number is dribbled in from cities a hundred funding displaced in Papadau 350 five unimaginable structures and COVID-a-queek 100 unlivable homes in Margade 755 mobile homes 50 single family homes and 30 Town homes unsafe and Davy another 300 room trailers in Pembert Park Meer Christian Jacob said she was where only 300 buildings County weather been deemed unsafe She didn't know whether those buildings were single family homes or multi-units structures and had no estimates There's so many people might have been rendered temporarily homeless by the desiccations They're not giving us numbers. She said the cities have reluctant to release the information because they don't want to start a panic Oh, yeah, I started panic my ass. I mean, what can we just give the information out there in a very common and the reasonable way But I get on here. Oh gee, all these people are on the same to be that What is wrong with these? Martin Maxine Definitely was panicked outside of Stombur's condos money afternoon. Mattrin Maxine. That's her name Not latrine, but Martin. I'm seeing my son leave. We don't know where we're gonna go She will she grabbed up close only to drop in in confusion She had her son Kevin 20 said it would have to split up each seeking shot around their own as the young man heard in out of the condo Loading whatever he could artwork music his guitar and a keyboard into his car his credit mother Stop them a piece of paper with a friend's number or might be able to stay Summer right in go on stage. We're just house yeah, right bring some all anybody that doesn't have a place to stay Stay at Georgia's house in Hollywood. He'll give you the versions on the year, but later, right the address is Sino seems played out across the county a city inspector and in fact you can stay a great So old place, so that's where he don't say there no more I'm thinking about him over and we can use to live Whatever happen within week anyway. I don't know made the parents yesterday during the Todd Keller update And we came in appearance on the update. Yeah, well, Todd was doing the updates in here So I wanted to crack him up by taping and recays face to my ass, which I did and then I see you are you only wish your ass look like in recays face You only wish oh There are some similarities. I have a break everybody because you ran. It's even great Some of our scenes played out across the county a city inspector's continued building the building sex of Ruslan Those entire structures residents in Broward were affordable housing was already scarce and being encouraged to stay with family and friends Before American Redquark shelters are considered a last resort Some people would rather stay in their rectomes and sink in a school gym with hundreds of strangers. Oh, well some of my look pretty good You never know Red Cross said about 500 people were staying in the shelters money night though the places can hold as many as 6000 only 500 Jacob said FEMA would take a lead in Edward addressing long-term alternative housing. No, the county would provide support FEMA's offering rental assistance to its hotline 1 800 621 FEMA 1 800 6232 The agency has announced any effort to set up trailer homes in the area east the housing crunch Jacob said FEMA is considering opening six orifices around the county where people can go to a fly for housing assistance How do commissioner Diana Watson and Rubin and state representative Franklin Sands of Weston said with the housing crunch people might have to get creative hotels are short-term solution they said as our residents opening their home to displace people Volunteerism is alive and well, Sam said people want to help. Let's give them an opportunity Let's match up people in homes with people out of spare room and sunrise the massive recovery effort was underway at the sunrise late condominium apartments Oh, Chad Jack would ask the manager of phase three a collection of 3245 minutes and un-9 to bully sunrise likes where the average ages death plus 10 Jeannie Hawkhouse or wouldn't give her age to cover something feisty or lady And every time New York City elementary school teacher said she'll be homeless after 19 years and building 95 She lives on the third floor where suffocative air roof damage the ceiling collapsed in her dead kitchen and bathroom Living may floor lived with insulation and brown water stains on the living room ceiling Who would brown water stains on the ceiling looks like somebody upstairs? Maybe had a little axiom down or speaking of great products I didn't even talk about this on the internet the new Virginia. Oh, yeah, we're uh, but see as I I guess I've always had this but not as bad as it is Because when you're up north, well, I guess there are two but you don't have to change a season like we do here right and you go from the more human Summer weather more human than warmer and all the senate starts getting cold in the air gets much much drier Even at our dry it on in your building and even if you don't have it on in your own apartment It's like the hallways are like smoldering hot and it kind of like seeps into your place and so you're you're Skid especially on your forehead and wrap around your sinuses at least with me It gets cracked and peeling it and lyrs light and you keep washing it off and trying to smear stuff on there And it doesn't do it and but it good because like two minutes later. It's back on again Only worse than it was before your forehead you're great to go outside God people are gonna look at you like Which they already do anyway But then so I was in the drugstore a couple days ago I'm cruising a lot of these stupid skin care products and none of them sounded really you know I'll moisturize this more surprise then and then I found Nutri Gina Then Norwegian formula and little that I know that you were in the back too and I pull Harvey I realized ignore that I haven't used it years. I haven't had a occasion to oh my god It is like a miracle you and the best parts not like we'll oil leave you smear it All the time on your head and on your forehead and even little on your back though It hurt and that is just great stuff moving in so if you got cracks Flaking skin forehead skin now forehead or foreskin skin. You got foreskin Months crack you might want to smear a little on there or two can't hurt But Nutri Gina what a great product okay, and it's not just all parts like me to give people all ages You're the amorties. I've got to change a season. It's really good blow your nose light you start getting those cracked nostrils Well, this is like at the top of your sonnus man right about the eyebrows and the bottom of the forehead man was as red as a beat like a tie And I was just it's lovely man from the for the bottom of my eyes to the top of my forehead is beautiful rest not too good, especially that little toe For a minute there I thought the skin was turning kind of gray, which is not usually a good sign, but it's just kind of black and black and blue Gray skin is a yay that kind of skins. Okay Speak of that a new vaccine that protects against cervical cancer is set up a clash between health advocates who want to use shots aggressively to rent thousands of modern seas and Social conservatives who say immunizing teenagers can encourage sexual activity. Oh my god Oh Where does it ever end does it end or these people in saying? Although the vaccine will not become available to next year at the earliest activists on both sides have begun maneuvering Winfones how widely the immunizations will be employed Group groups working to reduce the toll the cancer are eagerly awaiting the vaccine one to become part of the standard roster Shots of kids especially girls received just before purity Because of vaccine protection against the sexually transmitted virus many conservatives have posed making a mandatory setting fears that could set a subtle message condoning sexual activity before marriage. This is like one step away from Tinky winky, you know Served leading groups that promote asses are meeting this week to formulate official policies on the vaccine I guess this is gonna be like that. What was the commission that I can't I can ever think of the name of the on the movies in the 30s He's the he's commission the gabby he's commission. I got that whole thing on a bad there a purple he's commission The purple he's commission With a capital church behind that rating the movies and the banning this and banning and this is the same thing now But we're just crazy people are you know controlling what passes for science in the USA Officials from the company's development miss shots work company and black source myth clouded But meeting with advocates and because he groups to try to persuade their concerns the jockeying reflects the growing influence Social conservatives who've long-clled over look by Washington have gained an abrupt spectrum of policy issues under the bush of administration In this case a former member of the conservative group focused focus focused on the family Serves on the federal panel of the thing a pivotal role in deciding how the vaccine is used what a surprise Well the Bush administration has done is taken this Quarterly of people and put them in very influential position in Washington since James Moron Jr. He said moron a professor political science at Brown University It's having an effect in debates like this The vaccine protects women against strains of a ubiquitous germ called a human papaloma virus although many strains of the virus are innocuous Something caused cancerous lesions of the cervix making them the primary cause of this cancer in the USA Several cancer stress more than 10,000 US women each year killing more than 3700 vaccine appears to be virtually a hundred percent effective against two the most common cancer causing HPB strains Mercury's vaccine is further long-time stativity FDA by the embedded for purple to sell the shots Oh brother In fact one car will feel like so the University of Southern California leads the national cervical cancer colisins medical advisory panel says I'd like to see that if you don't have your HPV vaccine you can't start high school. It wanted to be made mandatory I'd like that an ACIP meeting last wait panel members for a presentation about the pros and cons of ex-negrals of various ages A survey of 294 pediatricians presented to me being called a more than half a word that parents of female patients by refuse of vaccine and 11% doctor And they thought vaccine-aming against a sexually transmitted disease may encourage risky sexual behavior in adolescent patients Conservative medical groups have been fielding calls from concerned parents and organizations I've talked to someone who said this is going to sabotage our abstinence and said gene rod Associate executive director the Christian medical and dental association. I'll show me a good Christian teeth But red said most people change their minds once they learn more adding who probably wanted children immunize RUD however draws the line at making the vaccine mandatory parents should add the choice. Oh, I kind of like abortion You mean Parents should add the choice there are those who would say we can provide a better healthy alternative than the vaccine that is to these absence RUD said Why we just ban sex altogether? I would make these people happy separate them. All right The council tends to meet Martin discuss the issue on the same baby medical Institute for sexual health and Austin Texas Which advises conservative groups on sexual wedding health issues is committing you one day means the Velpa positions statement Alamed K and sick had directed the National Civil Cancer Coalition like in a vaccine wearing a seat belt just because you were a seat belt Doesn't mean you're seeking out an accident. He said I do like that you right wing lunatic This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 We all know blondes have more fun and the blonde or you are the better time you will have that's why this station is going to make you as long as You can get Because this station is going to make you an alphino alphino Incide and pretty That's right. We'll reach all the people that if you're skin with corrosive chemicals, then we'll bleach your hair But exposure to ultraviolet lights. Also your eyes turn pink and blister all in the name of Stubber What is it? And you'll be an alphino alphino Station employees and their families and I know what you'll be coming out by now is Johnny and Edgar Wetter and other real albinos are also Ineligible because this procedure will render them transparent the lines have more fun But alphino is at the most fun of all people listening for your test to win It's a 12 or two at five sixty wq and we are still on here. I can't believe that those other guys I think maybe it's probably gave up you know, I should have done should get to this radio going over here to monitor When you think that would be the smart thing to do just shut that baby down In fact, they're not a shut the whole building down because there are other people who maybe they could siphon their power from their to your house Hey, they're the plan. I could just move into that building. Yeah, that's a good idea They probably have dinner at two they probably got showers in there I mean they're so sports intensive. They guys probably have to shower together before and after their shows Especially boog in the Danle bathroom Now here's a story that's heartwarming heart-rending whatever. It's okay The morning after Wilma Melissa de Buiz is mother and law allowed her pitiful to use the bathroom in a backyard probably to blow No D E B O O Y okay de Buiz We're gonna say you're thinking of D U B O I S E but I'm thinking no De Buiz the boys are back in town Don't listen to boys mother and law allowed her pitiful to use the bathroom in a back well. What is that name used a bathroom in a backyard? What is that who wrote this crap Natalie McNeill Ellie brek? Oh my god Ellie please grow up honey before it's too late Should have said potty. Oh my god Use the bathroom in a backyard that was the last de boys. I'll read all against the yesterday when she claimed Vanley if he went to Saudi Brewer County I'm in shock. I thought I lost your de boys. They've got it was watch your over. Oh is a pit bull while in that case Ha ha The boys story of a post will event we even been played out for lucky owners looking for the animals and shoulders and brow didn't they people need to come and look for their pets Said Charlie Wachter is folksman for the who made society brow in for a lot of nail this there is also a chopped up Charlie Wachter Sure a Sherry Wachter. Oh, I say Charlie whatever any match my Sherry are more Many pets escaped through damage fences south low to shoulders also received some pets Who lost their people from people lost their homestead or own care for the animals since the storm people have brought 17 straight cats to brow is Human society And to something I can't read this chop-off. Sorry 23 stray dogs were treated in the browser's human society On Monday and Michelle Coutine of Hollywood turned into pit bull. Meshie decided named ginger. Oh my god. Are you ready for that ginger? Oh man. Yeah. I'm hearing she might be on the air tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock Ginger And oh by the way I have a safe trip to Toronto Ginger He's safe. Okay, ginger's coming up here I don't know what it says ginger assores rope for insurmurlation oozing infections oh oozing infections Continue to get that all your home suffered from her three English masters but finally had to give up I'm on a care reading the universe. She was so sweet and docile, but I know who her owner is. I didn't want to return her We got a body I've already got three dogs in the bird can't have another one. She says I'm not gonna try to read the rest of her because I forgot to print it off you. Why do you think this is doing this now? I don't know chopping off the right-hand margin a lot of these websites on a store and why is it doing it? Is it my printer is my computer Josh? Who be? Yeah, and what's the remedy? I don't know How to pull up the rest of the remedy is where it says print this amony if that's all Put it in printfulness is an extra step and when you're really lazy like me. Okay, let's get a whole bunch of calls on so We can find some real good restaurants when get some information on roots Chris and other fine establishments where you can go and plunge your guts out and just eat That's what I would do I go to the amorkost right now and start eating now and leave around midnight. So like a plan. Yeah, who's buying? Greg I'm that your animal doing health take care. That's the least he also see how to fix you guys up Josh was there a couple weeks ago, right? Right. Yeah, it was great. It was great. I think it did do my Chocolate fountain thing, but no, because that's only on a weekend Josh says and I was nowhere there because there's nothing in the copy about that And I'm but but then again look I don't want to start an admit picking and all people learn a lot of directions stuff like that, but I mean it's the way to got nothing to do with a storm because even on a dry day with a sun shining everybody with power and cable I still make no difference because the response is the same But the Nestle in a weekend I guess from what you tell me it's a good thing see I have to find out the information about our sponsors Peace meal from the listeners from other people to station because the sales people that that's not part of the agenda And by the way, PD Lenny nice call yesterday Speaking of sales holes nice call What a oh brother and it was so perfect when he said he was messed up. I mean, you know I want to say I want to say someone else's new Nice, okay, what you know hello there's George Come in the Q and hello Berkeley coffee's the clothes that you silly person Focusing the clothes is all exactly Berkeley Berkeley you could even close the door Oh man even a screw-in was like straddling in the middle of it that is so sad WQAM hello Yes, sir I like to talk to him on the radio about a restaurant Yeah, I'm listening you're on right now Yeah, how come it's called making a duty when you're actually taking okay great 5607.056 the yeah, that's probably the restaurant where he eats 5607.056 the in the backyard in pound five 60 On the of a reason and a reason and Verizon the singular wireless line I guess he was never in the scouts, huh? Nobody Q a.m. Hello Yes, sir I Even here it was it I hate piano Next time a little bit more of voice a little more for a so- Something like that everybody would be pretty forceful about that and we hate that piano like poison, okay? And and rightfully so it's quite a lot of excuses Mysteries that keep changing the numbers of the polls and the polls were just fine and that wasn't the problem in the audio You know Next thing we're gonna be telling us it was really a category five and there's somebody did the with the meteorologist just to make the mistake Somebody else's mistake just like your fat ass governor yesterday well if you people would have been prepared and next time we have to all be prepared Yeah That's always the story blame the public blame the poor innocent victims out there trying to put their lives together again And of course he doesn't have to he can't run again anyway, so what does he give a cram? So that you can weigh in hello Neo what's going on? Yes, sir. I'm actually not a crank I listen to you. I went to a rules Chris man because you and I love the New York strip Thank you very much for that you want I tried another steak out so that Off the June stop for the airport called harer a report's grill Here are some real harer for it. Yeah, I'm Ash there. I'm real good cuts One thing I do want to get off my chest the guy who owns the folks shows running a cake Pearson I got a middle finger for you for making people look out there They're in his hurricane your greedy side bastard and I thought Okay, great five six seven. I don't know what you guys I'm gonna burn. We don't know how big that guy is no We don't and I don't need another elbows in my hands. Okay 567. Oh 560 560 leave a rise and see get a wireless lines If you want to scream at somebody either go do it in their face or go out and they just go on and side walk Frontier house and scream bloody no, okay, answer went and down pitch him out WQ a M hello WQ a M hola Neo Let's see the and no problem no, guys I know fall We're totally on the evening to call you and say What a poser yeah real pose a bad bad imitation so weak But I guess that was the Julio version of it though Okay, it's number two on my list my favorite Julio version of it is That's 4404 567. Oh 560 560 on the horizon sing it a wireless on the audience calling in with some very valuable information is usual. All right Oh, yeah, I'm gonna cue you a M hello WQ a M hello Okay Okay, I said I got a huge pile here. Yeah, like what like You he goes shabbers He's friends and he goes out as costume Venezuela and parents to protect their children from Halloween Where they spooky warning that the US traditions rooted in terrorism Do you know that a bit you know that I do idea what they've implanted here, which is really a green-go custom as terrorism Travis said put in local press They disguise children as witches and wizards that is contrary to our culture Chavez often lashes out in the US government which he described as terrorists and included applauding his assassination But his at this time is one is redirected at the American celebration of combined costumes in candy He should appeal for reflection by parents not to encourage their children to dress up for the holiday This comments came after authorities in caracas recently see pumpkins hard word skeleton costumes Other traditional Halloween items in scribe with anti chavez messages So if you were pro chavez then I guess that was a good Halloweenista and if not say what a being what if you dress up like Castro no, I can't robber him But it's passed no just with at the six smile that glips smile on his always running space. Oh boy Which elected just right there? Yes, but we're off his ugly post wow Send him and Jerry's fall well the tell it's heavy for Christmas And the way the see it goes right and I would affect the media are terrified of all religions anyway But the way that they're dealing with these crazy right wingers It's just pretty sad and then top brokha had that big thing on NBC then I was I wouldn't waste 15 seconds watching You know no commentary. It's just that well. This is what it is and they're all you know Fanatic and they're in love with God and Jesus and all this other crab and that's basically it One of they took his it literally it asked off here not it literally but what do you speak? Defa his defense you know, I don't want for the government a her lip could make it What was his name dear to be great? Okay What that was his name and Florida the government a her lip that made all that money on that pyramid scam Don't do it do a Google on it. There to be great. I think one second Glenn Healy blend hill then There to be great God what does it say? Turner Glenn turner. I had happened you had the other one no relation to Ted. Yeah, the guy was an a her lip not those anything wrong with that I think they call it a club palette now a her lip Probably that's after noon at five sixty wqm when you think mattresses you think celiposter peating to top selling mattress brand in America It's the gold standard when you think a buying unit you ever have a hair on your lip When you think a buying an actually posture peating to dial a mattress don't answer 1 800 mattress that easy call The easiest possibility to get new city posture peating with dial a mattress is factory drive prices Nobody sells ceiling posture peating for less and dial a mattress carries the areas largest inventory with all sizes and comfort levels and stock ready for same day delivery So you can get a better night sleep as soon as starting tonight if you make that call right now 1 800 mattress is number one a customer satisfaction You choose the date and time for living in the two hour window even the very same day with an orrist 30 day comfort trial on your own bedroom Trust free set up and prove removal on all deliveries as well. I've been using for a long time and more and more people I'm in everywhere jump it on the bandway and effect over two million satisfied customers who have skipped the change stores for fast easy affordable mattresses from dial a mattress So if your mattress flew away or blew away or just as soaked in useless anymore in a hurricane Just make that one easy call replace it no time at all call dial a mattress tool free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR Leave off the last as because it stands for stupid saving Look at it won't watch Daddy I I Man I'm gonna jump to the sun there. Daddy why don't you get a job? To deserve all of your people. And what if I kiss you? That night. Daddy's smell like beer. Sweet sister. I'm dropping out of high school. Just look like a mom. A little more everything. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One pot, one. Feel the Parker. I don't know who the father is. I have to turn check our time. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What if my kisses are done? Hang out, but adults are the brightest room. I'm just going to get married again. I'm just going to get married again. Dad, that's my ass. I think I have a simple ass. I have to be one of the things. And I'm not sure if I've got a dad or girl. We're always. Hey, pop. We're moving in. And butterfly kiss. Dad, I have to move. I'm a lesbian. All right. 12.15. 16.25. Speaking of that, what a segue man. A lesbian minister was defrapped. Can I say that better college or I should see what we can pass it by the committee over there? Can we say the ****? To late now. Let's begin this. It was defrapped by the highest court within the United Methodist Church. Handing a win to traditionalist and one of several main line Protestant denominations. Split over the world. Homo Central is a matured. A win. The UNC's nine-member judicial council. Seven of them heard the case in Houston. Found that the Reverend Irene Beth Strowd violated the nominations van. Now it does a picture with her partner Chris Page. And I got news for Chris is as rich as it gets. So I held a lot of guys who only wished they were half as rich as Chris. Approved. And then says she is rich. And anyway, found that Reverend Irene Beth Strowd violated the nominations van on self about practicing homosexual clergy. The ruling was issued to its website yesterday. A church panel decided in December that Stroud 35, by being a lesbian partnership engaged in practices that are incompatible with Christian teachings. The panel's decision was a while. The second tons. The panel's decision was overturned by an appeals committee, but the judicial council now has back the original ruling. Stroud's representatives had argued that taking away her clergy credentials because he's a lesbian amongst discrimination. Well, what's a good religion if they can't discriminate, right? Well, as the queen, there is the queen. The queen is not just over the sillyest old queen I've ever seen. Well, not really. And Prince Philip, what are mum's are he's? You can just tell by looking at him. What are hard ass mum's are bastard he is. The judicial council says the church doesn't discriminate based on sexual orientation. Gaze and lesbians are allowed to become Methodist ministers, but they must remain celibate. Don't do it. Don't touch it. Don't look at it. Don't think about it. Stroud could be welcome back with both arms. You know, the Methodist church council Thomas Hall said, but she'd have to be celibate. Stroud had acknowledged that the relationship between herself and her female partner was sexual. They're doing things. They don't even joist them on a thing about. What may be joyous to do in the same things for all we know. Stroud became an associate pastor of Phil office. First, the Methodist Church of Germantown in 1999 has said she never revealed her sexual orientation and documents related to her ordination, but didn't keep it a secret, either. If you said she decided to come out in 2003 because she felt she was being held back and her faith by not cheering to complete truth about her life. It could play with style against her last year. I thought I was prepared for anything, but the news still came as a blow of Stroud said in the phone interview yesterday. It's a sad day for me and my family and for my congregation. I think I said day for the United Methodist Church. Eight council members owed to defraxed Stroud. One council member was absent. Two members left keeping an insuancey hand we grow. World of separate statements and they feel felt badly about to resolve. I like that. We don't disagree with the legal analysis of our colleagues, although we deeply regret the outcome. They wrote, while the judicial council must be faithful to its charge from the church. We're also assisted to be heard pain and brokenness of the family of God, she said. Damn God! I'm more to God squad, crazy people. We hate you because you're doing stuff and we only wish we were doing the same thing. And maybe we actually are. For all we know, right? Right. The ones that point to fingers, man, those are the ones. No exceptions. Trust me when I tell you. 1648 votes on the pool of the staff on more day and we got a new one tomorrow. Because we kind of like easing back in things. You can see on our website that we're like easing back into what? That's why Josh has taken this time putting those stories on everyone. Because what's the rush when there's only a few people reading them, right? Right. You are so uptight, man. So sensitive. You think that after all, you've got the life writing. Got the big raise coming. Right. Yeah. I don't know. George is going to buy it at the 46th and Samsung HD TV. Sure. Got it. It's in time for the last part of football season. What's not to like? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You actually, we able to check that out a little bit and see that details. I don't want to find out. I read about it. That's all I can do. Fifty to ten. It was ugly. If you think it sounded ugly, it trust me it was. Of course, greasy and there he's injured. I hope, oh and who is the quarterback in that game? That would be your boys son. Chris Sims. All Phil Sims kid. That's right. I'm getting confused. Who does Jeff Garcia play for now? He's a brown. Oh, he was in the brown game. You know, they keep showing that thing on the NFL channel. I'm sure you've seen him many times where he's on the sideline. Anybody got any come? Nobody wants any friends. Nobody wants any friends. You see man. I have that. That is pretty embarrassing. That is just, and to think that he supposedly was dating that probably the best a beat of curtain chick we ever had on it. What's that with her name? Carmella this Caesar. Oh my God. She was hotter than the face of the sun. That's how hot she was. And he may have been like, I don't know. Hang in around with her. You know, who knows what to deal with? Nobody wants fresh bread. Well, I bet you he gets a listen. I like a room. Man, oh man. Hey, Jeff. You silly person. You're fair. Anyway, so like I said, we're getting all the stuff on his books. We're using back in which it's like the other people aren't there. He's back in their lives, right? Like our sales department's kind of like easy back into it. Real slow and easy. Slow as we go. Kind of like F.P. and L today. What an accomplishment in the four hours between six and ten o'clock. Well, maybe that's because it's raining. And think is it raining still? No. What was it? It probably will be in the four hours. So these next couple of days and my slow things are we. But always said 24 to 40 hours. They didn't say any rainouts, my slow things down. It's not like nothing about rainouts. But they probably don't want to be handling. Just like that minister, they've got the fried. When we do the back. Hold the microphone. We handed that show. We're funny and appropriate. Yeah. The Lord fried his dash. How do you like that? The Lord works in mysterious ways. Now what the, the nomination was he to remember. I forgot. I'll board again. Some Protestant. They got a little head to cost all. Yeah, one of those has to be. And the Lord looked down and he's smother right there in a spot man. He's going to raise your back. That ties this. And he had. And that's in him. Dead man. Kind of like Don I. I said man walking all this guy. He walking no more. Dead man sitting with a cowboy hat. 26 past noon. I'm just rambling. I just feel like being a rambling kind of guy. And it's obvious to me there's make no mistake about it. But the guys across the street. They're not on the ear and they're going to have an else to do. So it gives him more time to call us. You know, try to tune them in on this little radio. We have a hand. Can you hear anything? Well, no. Really? I think if you get right to seven. You hear. Oh, I heard a bunch of that. Hey, when disaster strikes in a course in this event. Hurricane Wilma and your home of business is suffered water damage. Only one place to call that strike. A concept. The strike concepts can be moved the excess water and dry your home of business fast using the latest innovations in dry technology that work like magic. The strike concepts dry system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replace no pressure belongings too. Unhealthy mold and no new conditions are eliminated by the properties of their specialized drying process. If the damage is more extensive like a real big mess, the strike concepts license contract is can provide you the estimates and professional services the best. That's why the use of my home is to clean my carpets and other things for over 20 years. And you ought to be doing the same. So if water damage really hit your hard during Wilma panic no more, call the professionals the best in the universe and don't forget. No scams at the end of the deal. It could be written guaranteed price before they even start doing the work. Cal drive concepts toll free today at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website when you get your internet at dryconcepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16. The back of Canada you do that's the new. The more co-incident the better the more people won't kill you, make you browsing my friends and then also make you high. If the water's mine and house's mine give me a very big picture of the time. Go ask Wilma. Here's how keep you well supply. Founding them who falls, he'll believe her or they'll bring me to a higher asshole play. As in have a groom's grove and not get posted. They should make friends in a higher world play. Go ask Wilma. You should get you some worse than a handful of false balls. Okay, I'd buy suffocates and ready to build those ovens to burn to you. And we see, in other December's frames, that's extracted from gold ovens. So make the proceeds to the RNC. As a show of blind support for our glorious leader, a OS ruleman. You'll get your bruiser show. My putting the logic out of proportion to justify your sleeping face. Out my eyes, I'm talking backwards. My dinner has been set. Oh damn, that was a little bit tough. You guys, you guys, you got three men for what's worth of. All of a sudden. All drug abuseers should be dead. I'm trying to strike this. Hey Wilma, I must have had about her all together, you know what? Yeah, what about her? About that Wilma. Well, that Wilma. Maybe they named her, came after her. After all she blows. Prompt 33 and here's the bad news that you were hoping you didn't hear about the school closing this week. Whatever. What does that have to do with my ear? Why? What does that have to do with my internet? Why you're internet sound again? Well, help. Only for house, a house. Well, what do you need to do to the internet's house for? What does that mean? Everybody uses the internet at the house. For what? For no? What else? Schools will resume a Thursday and day county, but remain closed in Broward the rest of the week. Day should get it done. Huh? I should have just taken off. To late. She got a vagus with Hank. There you go. Once your guts out. Or at least eat in seven and free buffet. Day 200 and 27 schools were repaired and ready by Monday. Superintendent Rudy Cruz said electricity restored more slowly than utility officials were really expected. All more slowly than expected. How could that happen with Florida Plunderland loot? The impact is devastating, Cruz said. Rudy Cruz. What a great name. The storm cost date. Eight school days on top of the Farbury lost to E.B. We've got a lot of money. Let's see. See the bunch of crap in here. We've got to put the pedal to the metal and get people back in the groove. Cruz said. Put the pedal to the metal. Broward school district officials made their decision to keep schools closed through Friday. After Florida Plunderland loot said that power wouldn't be restored all the future schools until Sunday. The season of our next week will come over the weekend. So they still haven't decided if and when. But definitely schools closed in Broward to end the week. Day back on Thursday. Got it? There you go. Don't say we didn't warn you. Got some fantastic stuff in my pile here all these calls have been so oscillating. I'm kind of like tempted to take one or two of those but I won't. Oh, come on. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Okay, I said I got better stuff here. Plyce President Dick Chany replaced I-Lewis School to LeBeeze's National Security Advisory yesterday with an A that identified by a former Iraqi exile group as the White House official to whom it fed information and erected turned out to be erroneous. I said the Bush administration relied on somebody information from the Iraqi National Congress to argue that Saddam Hussein had to be asked him before it could be a vane biological or chemical weapons throughout Kata first strikes on the US. But no such weapons were discovered after the invasion and US intelligence agencies and the independent commission of the United States. The United States was the first to be able to get the information from the American government. The United States was the first to be able to get the information from the American government. But no such weapons were discovered after the invasion and US intelligence agencies and the independent commission of the United States found no evidence of operational cooperation between Iraq and Al Qaeda. The White House announced the answer today the elevation of John Hanna to replace LeBeeze's national security adviser earlier in the day announced that LeBee would be arraigned Thursday in federal court on charges of perjury, making false statements that obstructed justice. He was expected to plead innocent. And the same things, just like Watergate, all you have to do is say I can't remember I can't remember I can't recall. That was Erlickman Holdman and Dean in that crowd, Mitchell and Dean. Just say I can't recall I can't remember. And that's what the right on the box. A lot of remember. The White House also announced that David has added to him has been Cheney's legal counsel where the sum-libis duties as chief of staff like Hanna adding to this play they quiet the influential role in the vice president's office. The Washington director of human rights watch accused adding to helping draft policies that led to the abuse of prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. The Vice President's office is previously denied that Hanna received INC information. Tennis office didn't respond immediately in questions yesterday about Hanna and Annington. All blackheads worse and speaking across the INC's leader Ahmed Chalabe, who was once wanted by this country by the way as a criminal and he is a criminal for Storeston Jordan and for like feeding information to Iran. Now I depended Prime Minister in Iraq. While listening if we got a bunch of course running the US watching, we saw a bunch of course there too right. We want to install our kind of government over there. Off my call with close to changing another senior administration architects of the invasion. The INC supplied Iraqi defectors to the information they are not to be false. The INC supplied Iraqi defectors was information they are not to be false. It is insisted that it tried its best to verify the detective's cleave factors claims before passing them to the USA. June 26, 2002 the INC wrote literally sent an appropriations committee staff identifying Hanna as the White House recipient of information gathered by the group through a US fund and effort called the Information Collection program. Nighter of Tainted Copyed letter and previously reported on it. The letter written by N. T. Tha Khanbar, then the director of INC's Washington Office identified 108 articles in leading Western News meeting which instead of the INC and formalist information that it fed the Hanna as well as the senior Pentagon official. The information included a claim by an INC supplied defector that he visited 20 secret nuclear biological and chemical warfare facilities in Iraq. His claim first appeared in December 20, 2000, what article in New York Times, then in a White House background paper a decade of deception defines, released in conjunction with a September 12, 2002 speech of the UN General Assembly by Bush. The individual Howard showed deception, the CIA had been a administrative, light detective test, three days before the New York Times article appeared, was unable to identify a single illicit arms facility when the company US weapons inspection through Iraq and January of 2004. Lair, liar, pants on fire. After the war US officials determined that the facility in Salman Park was used to train Iraqi anti-terrorist commandos. Adding to this been a key play behind widely criticized US policies that led the torture and other B.C. attendees held in Afghanistan, Iraq, according to Tom Al-Al-Anski, Washington director of Human Rights Watch. He will be reportedly helped draft an opinion by then White House Cousel, Al-Bertov and Zollis thing that the Geneva Convention didn't apply to some of the attendees in the war on terrorism. This was somebody who worked very hard to make sure the Vice-Nesan Senior Military Officials and National Security Professionals on the Quest of Interrogation policies was ignored Madame Louskey said that the result was an unmedicated disaster for the USA. Not even like that. So we replaced one couple of trucks with two more trucks. And then it was a much more choppy. Did you ever look at him? Did you ever look at him? He has crook written all over his face. Did you just look at him? I mean, I mean, I hate to say he can tell a court by looking at him. But look at him. There you look at him. No thanks. 21-01-567056, the Vice-Queen of Colin or two. Although I have a humongous pile. I must like Howard Beal. I must make my, what was the line he said when he came in and the raincoat was pouring. I don't think my, huh? I pointed around. It's something like that when he went in the elevator. And Josh didn't like that movie. And the more I think about that, the more it just crossed my old crackly ass. I just, I can't put it over there. Yeah, I think it means up some evening. You could have it invite Georgia because he doesn't have any power. And he can watch the movie with him like explain it to you. This, this, he's opening my closet. This, he's five 16, 18, 18. And I just think it's anyone. Who's the good to go? Can't believe the language I hear all you read. And we all the word is of the sanity. And it used to be that cable was a whole lot worse. But now the networks left there and just curves. There's a wind and sights of physics and a treaty. All the dire lock and tanks for vanity. It's where it's like a sailor on a free day's pack. Words are whole lot worse than ours. That's them. I can't wait for that. 1243 and 56, you WDQA. I'm an insurance one by like reslightening you know. It's not. Yeah, it is a little bit. Or Georgia's not doing it. Yeah, he's taking a suit. I guess, you know. Oh, my god, he's taking a docent iteration of quadro. That is really scary. Hey, that taco belly, you know. Oh, that's right. I forgot about the taco bell. It goes right through like an ace bomb. And I wanted you to get the awesome taco bell. Oh, yeah. But we do supreme with no beans. That's my favorite of taco bell. In fact, you might inspire me for once. I might have to go, oh, no, we got plenty of taco bells here. I got me a burrito supreme. Did you read me? I don't think he's a taco and a nacho supreme. Please say you win no beans. I got a with beans, but no. I don't prefer it that way. I just forgot to, you know, or musndu. Those beans are mushy. Did you ever look, I mean, when you go to taco bell, you've been inside, right? Of course. And you see the big fat of that mushtet that got, you know, that mushy beans. Yeah. I don't think so. You know, the colony knows what's swimming around in there. I don't hear you. I don't like that. I don't like the, I just don't like beans period. And of course, you're not the right thing group anyway. Now that Georgia's taking a doos. Oh, and I'm going to save this year for when it comes back because he'll be interested in. I hate to do that, but it's just the way it goes. Well, so well, instead, maybe I'll take a call or two while we're with your, to return from his mission. Why not from doing his duty for his country? WDQA, and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, this week is worth the last week down here, man. I had everything all set last week and I was good to go, but now it's things back to normal. Man, it's brutal out there. Yeah. Yeah. I got power back on Thursday and Hollywood. There's a big trick to it, but I can't tell you what it is. And George still has that power, so. Ha ha ha. There you go. That's the soft floor audience for it. I got mine. I like that. Good thing he and the fact he probably might have to go back for seconds real quick. How many QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I had a revelation about the Republican Party. Yes. I figured out why they may never lose another election. Well, it's pretty easy to win when you're fixing. Well, that's true, but here's what I think my theory is, is there's enough rich, greedy people that they're going to vote for the party that's got the lowest taxes? No matter what, no matter what any other issue they don't care about. But if you're talking about that, the rich, greedy people are very small percentage, and they're like less than 2% of the whole country. Well, that's one thing, the greedy rich, and then they're like the people. So that's why, for instance, you'll never hear them apologize. You're on a scooter living because that's not a sin. They just are on the forefront of sin. You know, gay marriage, you know, you know, you know, all mad as it's got to be a sin. And then they deal with a big relationship. So I can't get a sin, right? And now that's just political hardball. If you hear him on the talk show, that's good old fashioned hardball. But if you have something, if the American public is that stupid, then they're going to get exactly what they deserve. Well, that's exactly right, but since they are that stupid. And I'm all right. Good luck to you, Pally. It's easy for me to say, sitting up here, looking down. Oh, you're looking down on America. That's right, sir. I know you mentioned it. The prospect of a birth to life, break maybe panicking people around the globe, but it's proving to be very good news for defense secretary, don't call me here on Gering Me in, Donald Rumsfeld. And other politically connected investors in Dilly add sciences, the California biotech company that owns the rights to tantal flu, the influenza remedy that's on the most sought after drug in the world. Remember the, uh, what was the one, uh, what we had the answer acts it was, uh, the pro, the pro. That's right. In fact, I got some old steel, simple with the house. I'll be glad to say that we'll keep hold of it. Uh, no, I actually figured what I was given the cipro for in the first place that I don't do with the anthrax. And speaking of anthrax, how's that investigation come, Dally Rumsfeld? Speaking of him? And trash. Yeah. Ever get those people? How about the person of interest whose life they destroy? How about Jose Padilla and his suit case that doesn't exist? Rumsfeld served as Gilly add researchers chairman from 97 until he joined the Bush administration in 2001, and still holds a Gilly and stake value that between five and 25 million dollars, according to federal financial, the sloshes filed by Hermann Gering Rumsfeld. The forms don't reveal the exact number of shares that he owns, but in the past six months, the figures of a pandemic in the ensuing scramble for Tamiflu and San Pileas start from 35 up to 47 bucks. That's made the Pentagon chief already one of the wealthiest members of the Bush cabinet, at least a million dollars richer. Rumsfeld is in the only political heavyweight benefiting from demand for Tamiflu, which is manufactured marketed by Swiss farmer giant Roche. Gilly ad receives a royalty from Roche equally about 10% of sales. Former secretary of state George Schultz, who's on Gilly ads board a sold more than seven million dollars worth of Gilly ads since the beginning of this year. Oh, brother. Another board member is the wife of former California Governor Pete Wilson. I don't know if anybody would take company that's so politically well connected to this endless andr Mcdonald of think equity partners in Tamifran'sisco. What's more, the federal government is emerging as one of the world's biggest customers for Tamiflu and July, the Pentagon ordered 58 men. This is like the answer, actually, all over again, it sounds like to me. Would Cipro, remember that? Yep. They were hopping that up like it was like it was rushed trying to find his oxies man, unbelievable. In July, the Pentagon ordered 58 million dollars worth of the treatment for US troops around the world of Congress's considering a multi-billion dollar purchase. Roche expects 2005 sales for Tamiflu to be about a billion dollars compared with 250 million last year. About four times as much. Rumsfeld recuse himself from any decisions involving Gilly ad, when he left the company, became Secretary of Defense, and late last month, notice they seen your Pentagon official. So when even further, when had the Pentagon general counsel issued additional instructions, outlining what he couldn't could have been involved in if there were an avion plupid pandemic and a Pentagon had a respond. Other than, of course, making the profits. As the flu issue he did not for earlier this year, according to the Pentagon official, Rumsfeld considered unrolling hit and loading his entire gale at stake in Southeast Advice of the Department of Justice, the SEC, and the Federal Office of Government Ethics. What that would mean about government ethics, as he sure doesn't have any. Those agencies did not for an opinion, so Rumsfeld consulted the private securities lawyer, who advised him that it was safe at a holdout of the stock and be quite public about his recuse rather than sell and run the risk of being accused of trading on inside of information. Alam, Alam, Alam, Alam, Martha Stewart, something Rumsfeld doesn't believe he possesses. So he's keeping your shares for the time being. Thanks to not just condescending arrogant. And of course, every time he gets together with the media, yep, yep, yep, so you're fking it up. Just like when Bush did that thing with the National Press Club and he was doing that, you know, see, right there, right that moment, that was a defining moment in history of this country. When he was yuckin' enough about and he was going from one end to the stage to, oh, no weapons over here, no weapons. No weapons. No weapons. Now, if you're the parative or soldier, forget about the dead ones, even with a ones that are alive, over there in Iraq, and he's making a joke on, oh, no weapons over here is still looking. That's so funny. Really funny. Okay, that's to be making jokes about caskets. Bastard. Great, Robert. Just blood gushing in his hands. And a public sitting in these right where as long as he doesn't care what he does, these religious nuss because he's their spokesman, man, he's the one that's carrying the torch for them. And they don't confuse them with anything else. Just like your friend, they're Robert Greeper, self-hating whatever he is. He said that you bastard part. Man, oh, man, well, what is that all about? It's his family loaded. They got a lot of cash or something. Maybe, are all the Jews here loaded? No. Who will explain? I mean, what can that possibly be? What is that all about? And they had a damn David from speaking to self-hating Jews out over the weekend. Every time I see him, I want to vomit. I just want to puked. He ever did. He never seen him out of the talk and he chose David from the former speech writer. No. Oh, my god. Talk about a cell out. Talk about a self-hating piece of turd. And then of course, your close personal friend with the bad haircut. You're fair, Mr. Fudge. Although, well, in my some a lot. Anyway, here's the story I wanted you to hear. I saved this until you came back from your evolution. Thank you. New Pubcast and Steve completes right wing coup. Oh, yeah. You said you're fan of NPR and public board. Yeah, I heard that we posted that story a while back, but. How about your program update? Yes. Timothy Carr campaign director of free press. He was the executive director of media channel, I media for democracy. He says the new president of the corporation of public broadcasting, CPP, has set the agency's offices with Lighthouse Propagandist and GOP lawyer list in a bold-faced effort to carry forward ten of Tom Linson's right wing crusade against public broadcasting. CPP president Patricia D. Stacey Harrison, the former chairman of the Republican National Committee, was set by the CPP board in June, has hired senior officers from the State Department's public affairs and public diplomacy division. Which oversees government's efforts to advance U.S. interest in security and to provide the moral basis for U.S. leadership in the world. Public diplomacy is govously for propaganda. The CPP was created to shield public broadcasting from political interference not to be a mega-foned for the White House. Harrison's latest highest proved that the Republican lawyer list of the CPP have been deterred from their quest to turn America's treasured public broadcasting system into partisan echo chamber. Three new CPP has all previously served with Harrison at the State Department where she served as assistant secretary for educational and cultural affairs and acting undersecretary for public diplomacy and public affairs. They follow close behind or once you join the CPP and it's got the names and backgrounds of these three Tom, Exit, Michael Levy and Helen Mowley. It says here the offices at the Poverty Stensive Profiles of the CPP has had free press, the packing of CPP within individuals more comfortable with selling U.S. propaganda than what on his journalism sends a NOSO and not so subtle signal to those working in public broadcasting that truth is out and spin is in. Harrison got a run position at CPP through political connections to the U.S. Chairman and Chairman, Kenneth Tomlinson also heads the broadcasting board of governors, which oversees the voice of America radio for Europe, radio and TV Marti, and other government run international broadcasting. Tomlinson's successor, current CPP chairman, Cheryl Halpern's another big GOP fundraiser, who spent seven years as member of the broadcasting board of governors. Tomlinson is currently being investigated for efforts to impose his political agenda at CPP by funding programming with a programman's slant, secretly monitoring PBS and NPR for signs of liberal advocacy journalism, as well as having unqualified political cronies like Harrison. Inspector General Kenneth Collins is affected to present his findings, which reportedly include ethical and procedural violations as well as misuse of funds today to a closed or medium of the CPP boarded directors of which Tomlinson reigns a member. The CPP is being governed more like a private secret society than the agency supported by testers at Jeff Tester, a second director for the Center for Digital Democracy. As the hiring of former State Department propaganda colleagues by Patricia Harrison illustrates, the CPP has been imilogically hijacked. Free press, the Center for Digital Democracy and Common Cause have repeatedly called for greater openness and accountability to CPP. Earlier this year we'd live in more than 150,000 petitions to the CPP, demanding talents and step down and board members and their partisan interference with public broadcasting. And then it says at the end, and you can hear this will be on the website, Tomlinson, or is this today? That's Tomlinson. Tomlinson, it's an ad you're named the petition vis-a-vis of the Creepers action page and it's got a link you can put on a story. So there you go. See this is the way it works, and it's in a domain stream media and then of course the public area where in the public broadcasting people just take off the old garden put in the new right wing. Sounds like the Nazis to me all over again, who cannot see that. Joseph Gervils have been proud of this even George Gouble would like it a little bit. Hi, sir, George. Go over George Gouble. How are you? Yeah, Bruce Cut. You've never George Gouble, that's very good. I bet you I bet you Josh Gordon's never even heard a George Gouble. Who? Or art link letter. I have not now. You ever heard art link letter? He's very lucky that way. Oh my god, he's about 110 years old and keeps showing up on Larry King all the time and they keep trying to figure out which one is the oldest and the father and who's got the best of spinners. He's also going to visit bag. Oh, there's the royal couple visiting the US. There's Charles and Camilla. Although I will say this for an old goofy idiot with his Kilsson crap. His appearance, he did say something fairly profound for him on 60 minutes. So I didn't see it, but I had the article which I bypassed yesterday because when he was on there. He actually has a longest year. Good sense of you. They say the British share of taxpayers' lot of money because when they fly over here they don't take a plane. Prince Charles says he believes the pace of climate change is terrifying and people are becoming too dependent on technology. In a rare interview ahead of his official tour in the US this week, Charles expressed concern that economic progress is upsetting the whole balance of nature. Oh, there he goes again with that pristine scissor talk. You see, next thing he'll be talking about global warming and making stuff up like that. You know, if he looked at the latest figures on climate change and global warming, they're terrifying. He told 60 minutes in the interviewer in Sunday. The Prince is a keen environmentalist but his office is trying to say whether Charles will raise the issue of climate change. But he dies with El Presidency at the White House this week. Clara's house, the Prince's office, said it would be not be appropriate to come in on a private dinner. Like did they have kishki and did they have like, you know, the photo fish with the horse radish stuff like that. In the past book has questioned the existence of global warming. In fact, I think the person probably would more likely to believe in the tooth fairy than global warming just like the British believe in ghost and not in God. I believe in the theories. Right. Yeah, I'd say this is refused to sign a few of the protocol to sign a greenhouse gas emissions saying it would harm the economy. And George said if they would have eliminated if they would have outlawed gas emissions, he probably would have had a very delicate procedure in the last couple minutes. I was really thankful for the gas. Good. Excipited everything. Okay, we got an hour to go. We're not going to be any gas station listings because they're all just about open according to these guys and the atoms say that everybody's open and they're given it away or something like that. What is this? Is it me or something? This is 5.62. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. I'm up in Boca, taking a slap in all women with paint and lips around the floor. I listen to the new Rogers one, the two of us. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers here and balance one to two hours. What the fuck? It's a rope. By the way, so I've been given it some thoughts. So what do you think it is? I know that me and you get the doom. Much better go with 6 to 10 and not in 5. A 10 gallon of cranky do. I think we might be happy to get there. I think you really don't know that you're mine. You know to have your weary bed. That's not too tight. No chance I'm always so with you. And I'd rather die with the graphics and just... I'll have you know that I'm a big buggy Jew. For Brooklyn I... I've been with you. I have worried about you. You're not fine, I'm fine. Me and all, this crap would blow. No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive. Hold on a here at Chenetile. And push it like that's what we can do now. And... So what do I do, it's always so with you. So what do I do? For me is much better 6 to 10 and not in. It's only right that's what I do. So what do I do with me? For me is much better 6 to 10 and not in. It's only right that I should get more sleep at night. I think we might. Be happy, take care. Day for Christmas. Happy to get day for Christmas. I can't be mad. For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For what? Of what? For what? For what? For what? For what? For? For what? What? Okay, here's some information. The State Department of Health is advising residents who receive Nirvana Water at the Dany Beach Distribution site to throw away the one leader bottles because the water may be unsafetyed rank. If you're looking to go to Nirvana, that's an equivalent of half more if you're breaking that. And that's something to tell them that now. Yeah. Health Department of Affairs will say the free water distributed along with free ice from lots, 09, 1, 4 and 09, 1, 5. If Dany Beach City Hall, 100 by Stany Beach School of Art, maybe unsafetyed rate because it contains algae. How do you like that? Oh, wow. It's got that green stuff swimming around it. algae. All right, you might want to put it in the bottom of your fish tank. Let the cat face your munch on it. Those are some of the need to see there are two different gathers. Those big cat face that people get in the creek and they actually eat them. They fry them up and eat them. Oh. Yeah, let's probably do it. Yeah. We're sticking about what cat face do. They're bottom feeders. Okay, so they want to go out. They're just going to grab the lobster. Oh. You know, tropical trapezoid. So you ever have tropical fish? Yeah. This is in Cancels, you know, they are. They keep your tank clean. Right. They're the one who's selling. Some people, you know, it's good to have some suckers. And they're too. The brown, you know, well, maybe they'll look him. The brown county health environment is issued to boil water order for portion of coral springs. The order applies to any question. We'll pay the water bills to the city of coral springs and it lives in the area border by wilds road to the north. We're Elpombo, part of the south of the sagrass expressway the west and stay road seven to the east. A boil water order means an effect for the city of Fort Lauderdale. Hillsboro Beach, Lauderdale by the sea, north Lauderdale open park, sea, old ranch lakes, tamarack east of 31st Abolmite, Wilton Manor is port Everglades and the community of Husky and the village in Davy. Got that one? Find it. The US Army Corps of Engineers is announced that the plantation application side for operation blue roof is closed today and the new side will be open in the city of Lauderdale. The program allows qualified homeowners with damage roofs to receive tested tarps to prevent water from entering their homes. Again, when you go to these places, they're not going to give you the tarps. This is just to apply for them. Right. Well, I'm just telling you the way it is because you're tarp, well, they're expecting to get to the tarp. Surprise. Sixth eight weeks for tarp delivery. The new application side is located by then you might have your power. The new application side is located at the old team are located at the old team. Our location is the Northeast corner of state road 7. That's 441 and sunrise Boulevard from 8 an a.m. till 5 p.m. as in right now. A new location in Papadobetes is open at Missile Moore Center. 9.01 southwest tents suite open today from Nadal 5 p.m. Wednesday 8 a.m. 5 p.m. The other locations previously announced are open today. Hollywood David Park, 108 north. Is that named after Mo? The third court. 8 a.m. 5 p.m. Floridadale. Hollywood. Hollywood. 8 a.m. 5 p.m. And in your field beach, the old team are location. Northeast quarter Hillsboro Boulevard and power line road open the 8 a.m. 5 p.m. No tarps available at the operation blue. Flamplication centers. The sites have been open for applications only. Burrell tile, metal or slate roofs are not eligible. And as a toll free number, the toll free blue roof hotline number is 1 8 8 8 roof dash blue BOU or better yet. Here's the real number. I don't like those deals. 1 8 8 8 7 6 32 55. To qualify for blue roof services, dance through plus feet less than 50% and the. I can't read this word missing. Covered must be this. The report to be covered must be stress of sign of our crew to work on. 1 8 8 8 7 6 32 58 1 8 8 8 roof blue BOU. Speaking of things that blow, this story I'm sure you saw just see generators are definitely not for everybody. Oh yeah. Real old people and little kids are bad combination when it comes to having a generator. Belgrade, the 70 year old boy was burned over 60% of his body in a flash fire last night. Well, helping his grandma fuel generator fire fighter said today. A candle was blamed for another fire that destroyed a home in Napom Beach County early year today. The bell rate in accident occurred between on and 10 last night and a powerless home at 600 block of Southwest Third Street in Belgrade. The unidentified grandma went outside the fuel generator in the dark and carport. She was having difficulty seeing what she needed to do in the boy brother I lived. Candle the flame again a few minutes coming from the generators fuel tank. When you've got a match, but a thing. The boy was flown the same year rather than kids seven years old. What do you expect? What does he know? The boy was flown the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. See, always good to have a flashlight in these cases. flashlight, stowed ignite. Last time I checked. Hold where you would before you realized that gas and fire were a bad combo. The boy was flown the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as hospital in West Palm Beach. The boy was flying the same year as you imagined. From a disabled woman to the SS family, Rodgers and CPS are chewy. It is a means that when you lean the hand Shimpa, useoff yarn, abduct him, androgation, liberate him. Turquoise rain, salt and tomato. It did rain. Just suddy roof your dreams find you in New York. At the mixer in the air. batteries, okay? And of course if you need batteries go to your drugsner you get out of the flashlight not going at eyes for you don't like no don't go there Alito strong conservative honestly you got so much stuff about this enough the eminous new uh nominee for the Supreme Court Samuel Anthony Alito Jr. doesn't spend all his time with his nose in a law book He's he has said to be a gourmet cook interested in tennis and music an ardent fan of baseball school off here fillies. I'm gonna need Uh He was born equal full day to a mother who was candid enough to tell the world he was upset and get the Supreme Court nomination a month ago He did get a Monday chosen by President Bush to take the place a return interested said radio car is supposed to a Harriet Myers Oscar Myers sister Indeed Alito has seen this and to be an appeals court judge the job he's had for the past 15 years if not Adjusted on the Supreme Court colleagues describe him as smart like Fredo hardworking and polite Unlike many of the rest of us he's actually capable of sitting in his desk for a long time and thinking about hard legal issues Is attorney Paul Fishman who once ran lead was criminal division at the US attorney's office new jersey Even as an assistant prosecutor decades ago he ended up assigned to appeals work because it's suited for him So well, so I go on and on and on about he's Italian this and Italian that and his new jersey ties run deep to set up Italian immigrant It was born in Trenton and it's been a Princeton University He did a Connecticut to receive his lottery graduating from Yale in 75 there's that yellow connection again Was he a good man? Probably probably scratch in the old palm he and his life all thank God he's got a wife Martha and bomb gardener have two children and they actually have children somebody must have done something a college eight son Philip and younger daughter Laura his late father Samuel Alito Senior director New Jersey's office allegedly the services from 1952 to a date that's missing out here His mother Rose will turn 91 December Like that Good news the bad news is he's a Nazi but other than that why should that be a surprise Okay, let's say to the break and I want to continue. I'll see both sides. It's gonna be a blog bath I'm just so think about a leader. This is gonna be a big battle major battle. Then we got that science how do you think about geometry volta? Also, and I want to give people a learn because who cares about the environment only three hundred like you'll give in's right Right in Chris Charles you and wars of poverty is worlds lakes you evaporate. That's just a little something to think about You know, never so right thing like that for all these hurry keens and earthquakes and floods and all of this stuff It seems to be escalating at a very rapid rate. It's just just a coincidence. You know crap happens man, right all the time Who the hell is that guy they could put on CNN? I'll tell you one thing, man, or so the I don't know if he's a Chinese or if he's like a Taiwanese We would tie one on but the Asian people man from those two countries now the Filipino is that's a different story Not to the wrongs are beautiful Filipinos, but but The Chinese and the Taiwan eat and no not Taiwan and the Taiwan what do they what do you know the Thai people what do you call them? I don't know Thailand Thai is the ties And what do you say for Thai dies Is he grateful did oh That man, not just kind of off in the language some guy on there Providence after one you know me and then let's talk about the people would know here guys But no, we here look old and they look not as good as they could Chuck Alfie Oh no hey put the pizza down you piece of thief Oh when you audience here is about this story they're just gonna pee in their pants I mean we and somebody else is too Chuck Alfie already has been helping famous and not so famous guys look their best row over 30 How about your fingers you would even recognize his work go because it looks like real here I'm like all of those other pieces man. They look like straw that looks like bargard animals It looks like hell to make a long story short Charlie's new skin like hair system the natural hair line system is 100% Un- detectable looks like we will hear growing out of your scalp. That's the key and Charlie's work is guaranteed You have nothing lose like I always said you but that shiny ugly balls, but they make you look about 20 Maybe even tonight More than you are try Charlie's system for 30 days And after a month if you don't love the way it looks in fields and smells and if you're not getting like action Of the old nose, we turn for a whole refund Make the call today. Tell Charlie you're heard about it here on the new Roger show get a special 2 a m2 $1 discount off the regular $800 price of the natural hair line system a very reasonable price to pay it It looked like a men's again call tool free 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 Around the wicked web for those who haven't it's Charles Alphiari.com I've been told You know this would not work I just thought it that's true not the name is said you want a hot grill When you're normal they should I did see this in me You want all right even by a public end Every note I fail that way I'm the cold so large you don't know Nobody Paul, it's all alongugs in your room So hello, this is you I've had an ience Yeah, this is Poin Yang, and this is my Tamifu stock over here in this pile. What a, what a slime ball man, as low as they come. But they love him. 117 a QM, here's a fact that says, I heard Scott Ferrell over the weekend on Fox Sports. Radio. Some guy called for Miami and said it rumors down here that he and Vargas was in love with Ferrell. Oh yeah, he's really my type. Ferrell went on to reply that he thought you were with someone, false, but that he had a great time with you one year. He also said he's never seen anyone like you on the year, and that you were the dirtiest and most talented, Everton counted. Pretty good stuff. Thanks a lot Scott. He's doing a problem with Ferrell as you can't talk to him. I was funny we get this fact so I was thinking about him this morning, and he would come in a studio before We're like during a break in his show, and I tried to tell him things, we're giving Like a little comment and he just, he would just ramble on. You know, like you can't talk to the guy. No. Now there might be some reason for that but nevertheless moving right along. President Bush's nomination is same Ali Alito Jr. for the Supreme Court sets up a direct class with seven Democrats. Finally igniting the momentous judicial battle at both parties of an anticipating for years. Republicans see an opportunity to install a lasting conservative majority on the high court as they characterize Democrats' obstructionists who try to accomplish in court what they can't accomplish to legislation. Democrats since the chance to portray their opponents' reactionaries would set back the causes of civil rights, workers and social justice, and the president is a leader to be holding the demands of his parties far right wing. As if there's any doubt. After a surprising respite from the judicial ward, the dominated Washington last spring, Bush had disign yesterday mornings seemed likely to resurrect the fight over filibusters, activists, judges, and the political rights cloud at the White House. Senator Barberd Boxer of California said a filibuster was on the table and has to be on the table after describing the elite of choice as a capitulation of the far right. Most senators chose their words carefully, so it's not to be prepared biased before the confirmation process even gets underway. If there was an unmistakable sense from both sides that were ready to rumble as family research council president Tony Perkins told ABC News, there's going to be a fight there needs to be a fight and we're ready Perkins said. We don't like him, but we like his pancake house a lot. Bush's past two nominees have defied simple in theological labels differing the battle that's been simmering with greater and greater heat as the court went at record 11 years without a vacancy. The court said it goes on about John Roberts and White House council carried admirers complete lack of any judicial record puzzles and it is from both parties as if what's that all about? Who the hell is she? But the nomination of a leader on unabashed conservative jurist who Bush voted as more judicial experience than a Supreme Court nominee for the past 70 years creates a straightforward fight over legal philosophy. The nomination takes on added significance because leader would replace justice San Bernardio counter, which regarded as the court's pivotal swing vote often providing the signing balance to the conservative or liberal side. While we're placing the late chief justice, what you're mernquist with the conservative such as Roberts was not expected to shift the court's ideological balance. Replacing counter with a leader would likely fulfill Bush's campaign promise to move the court decidedly to the right. We're going to make sure the Americans understand what the stakes had. Ralph needs president of people for the American way. A liberal group of taken legal and opposing Bush's judicial nominees. These set a organization will mobilize at 750,000 members to wage a massive national effort to defeat a leader's nomination, a certain that replacing a mainstream conservative like Justice O'Connor with a far-right activist life-saving will alito with threat Americans rights and legal protections for a decade. On the other side of the political spectrum, Conservatives said the nomination finally will allow them to make the case that they support judges of interpret the constitution while Democrats support judicial activists who led the slate from the bench. This is a very healthy public debate said when the long-consulted judicial confirmation network, which claims 60,000 members in a $3 million advertising budget dedicated to confirming conservative picks to the court. It's long overdue, she said. Fitch. Senators of the return of Washington today for the start of the legislative week in both sides of the Scottish strategy for an nomination process that Bush wants completed by years in, but could well take longer. If Democrats decide to fill a bus, they'll need to hold together at least 41-44 members, which would be a tough task in the case of an nominee who's legal credentials, regardless of its ideology or so strong. Democrats also made face the threat that Republicans would use their majority forward to ignore the filibuster, prompting a battle over a set of procedures that strongly favors the majority party. But even short of a filibuster debates on says matters as abortion, game marriage, workers protections, environmental regulations which are elected with some Mahaprofiber in the confirmation process, could all consequences for the 2006 congressional elections and the 2008 presidential race. Are we actually going to have more elections or not? No. I think we're going to cancel. By focusing on selected rulings filed, it all such as his loan dissension landmark rulings that struck down a Pennsylvania law, requiring a woman to inform her husband before receiving an abortion that outlawed a position of machine guns, Democrats believe they can make a vote to confirm, well, he'd a political handicraft in the 2006 elections. As we approach the election, people are going to be hit with a reality that they're stuck with a present until January 20, 2009, and the only way to check him is with an democratic congress box who said. This take only answered a lot of issues where Bush had been so far out of the mainstream, he's choosing to write it up with a mass majority of Russians, obviously said, of course he happens to be a social victim. Man. Assert. Five six seven, five six, six, and one other thing about Sam Alito. Yeah. More than two centuries of Protestant denomination on the Supreme Coral End of he's confirmed as its next justice for the first time in the country's history, five Roman Catholics, the majority would be on the high court. Man. Man. The Tory Confessions. There you go. And then of course, is it the Rose Rebeads or the BDIs that have a son nervous about the new Anasi Pope? It all kind of fits in the evidence. You see that always code it. Life is like a jigsaw puzzle. Also that man, the Tory, you have to let the priest have sex with your son. You know. Until it gets past the age of twelve. Right. Yet news that the son of a man has had an immigrant father, someone who grew up in a suburban New Jersey, personally served as a elector, I wonder if he knows Hannibal. And later, Mary, doesn't quite show you the power it might have in the days when Kennedy ran for the White House. Catholics have become part of the nation's political mainstream far removed from the blatant Andy Catholic prejudice that once permeated American culture, there is a divided as other Americans on abortion of the social issues that will be a focus of his confirmation hearing, making an outforgive religious pride that they can serve at a jurist less likely. A Catholic community is not going out dancing in the streets of Boston, not because of this The nominations had James Davidson. If we're new university sociologists who research his religion in Supreme Court justices, but it still represents the significant development of American religious history. Oh, that looked at that rummese. What I say, you can't because you don't have to kill him. Come back on. No. It did not. What are you talking about? Your table didn't come back on. Well, I'll be a horse whip. It would benefit me somehow. Orce whip. Yeah. I'll be thanked. Well, you want your own soul anyway. You're not really a horse. No. No. Well, that's Barbara Sarge. She is a guy. I found out she's got a well. Who are you most furious with? That's our full question today. And pretty big two, 1722 votes. George W. Bush, 715, man. They hate them. They're furious. They're pissed off and fired up. If only the Democrats in Congress could be as pissed off and fired up as most of the public then we might get somewhere. Nobody. I'm doing great. 2020. 12.7% of the audience are doing great. They're fine. That's what they're saying. Oh, we're fine. Gas companies, 181, FDNL179. And like I said, the people are most pissed off. And then don't have the internet stay out in no power. So they can't vote. Jeff Bush 93, the Democrats 83, the media 63. What I'm saying is, a late neighbor is 51. Insurance companies 43, FDNL41. Local politicians is God. But third man. Bell South 13 and the banks still have only 10. So I'm assuming that pretty much banks are open. Is that correct? Pretty much. Pretty much. Pretty much. Okay. And if your bank isn't open, let go there and just go to the drive-through and start screaming. What's wrong with you, people? What are you? You got all my money in there? Open up. You idiots? All the money that we've all gotten those banks. They can afford a generator. Okay. Trust me when I say it. In fact, I really wonder why something in doddles so long before they find the, uh, got, we got to it. There's some real dodlers in the slaggers in the crowd. Speaking of slaggers, we got Mohower David who likes to piece a lot, especially if somebody else bought it. Mohower David came out from New York 2 to 4. That's the way. It's just a tickles my fancy man. They say on passions. It tickles fancy. A man called 4 to 7, the Panther Preview was 7, Panthers at the Colombeans at 739. Panthers at Montreal followed by 80K in Las Wages. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.162A. Good work with men. What's your hired for? Just for help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living. You company man, you're fairies. Absolutely. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't say very grand. In Pearl Harbor, it was a chance to drop their box. We've followed them back, and now the Saudis is in the it has died. And on our cars are little flags waiting. As that's all the love and retired points of bombers the wrong way. And other barriers to be in America, where they follow those like cheese. Do 90 stays in some arrogance. And by woodshed and 70, we think that this country... ...has a great joy to us in our days and our days to reach. I don't want to be a packs of Americans in the USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas. It's a great history in the world. They train us to the least, and anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. And thousand barriers to be in America. Where we pay three of them, please. We have flagged one has with our hand in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that we have a sentin. And I don't have to do that. Watching states from you on a 65th street. Scratcher, five, everything's okay. You will say... You understand to just stop all things to act on everyone. And if you do, far, don't like to us here at Ticketsbury, freaked out. 132.5.60.WD.Couway in ever since the Church of Scientology's sprawling UK headquarters. We're located, I'm glad you remembered, Kirstie Allen. And that's perfect. Okay, go. Ever since their sprawling UK headquarters, we're located just three miles up the road. The State town of East Winston, Sussex, who's grown accustomed to life on the edge of a parallel universe. But nothing could have been quite prepared for the events of the past three days. First game reported sightings of Tom Cruisan's pregnant fianc, Kivi Holmes, being chauffeur to St. Hill, a man or a, a remote church in house, which the Scientology file file, they shouldn't wait to take too much time getting her not to bid a. No, I wonder who did it. Being chauffeur to the last time I said day, not him. Being chauffeur to St. Hill, a man or the remote church in house, with the Scientology file, founder, El-Ran Hubbub, brought, bought as his world base, 45 years ago. Then John Revolten is wife-cully pressed and arrived at the same location they're private yet. Volkysicurity staff prevented ordinary moral seeking to the three-day annual gale off from by the sign-overs as the Church's members are all being known locally. But those inside the court non-Sherty net watch crews, when a standing ovation, by donating 2 million pounds to the Internet's so much about three and a half million dollars. To the International Association of Scientologists in St. Hill, just in 15 years ago. Local people who started field economic effects of Scientology's big year will long be for the celebrity's fish-top. A crowd of $6,900 from afar as field as Ukraine and India had paid to be a free net's event at the Hall, I wonder if they were serving curry, I wonder if it smelled like it, with a further 3000 of both Saturday and Sunday. That constitute a tourism boom for a hotel, yours, and coach firms, nicely, two since rear-way engineering meant the delgots had to be busted of venue, coach firms. Needless to say, this is in the Brit independent, that's why it sounds a little on the stuffy side. Of course, Scientologists are used to selling out since head over cash as a key part of the Hub of Dr. Oncenturator, and crews the Diamond Maritorious Award, which followed the Platinum Equivalent Award last year when his contribution top two and a half million dollars. It remains the biggest donor to Scientology. Other members of the cult have been less content about paying up, complaining they've been milked to thousands of pounds. Members of the cult, don't you love that? Oh yeah. What are you eating now? That taco, remember you were a breeder? Well, wait a minute, I thought you ate a whole bunch of that before, and that's why you had to make a desperate run. No, they were unconnected events. I see. Scientology said it was he blamed it on the burrito. I'd say it was. He said it looked like a burrito. The Church of Scientologists laid a celebration of its most famous devotee, Demonstrations, value and building awareness crews recently raised a few eyebrows in Hollywood by insisting on a Scientology tent on the set of Steven Silver's War of the Worlds, but he's largely responsible for a boasting traffic in the cult's website to 375,000 hits a day. Man, even George doesn't do that, many. That's the guy. It's unclear if the world is wife and crews' fiancee had the chance to talk. If so, it's reasonable to assume that Miss Preston would have pressed home the cult center of Dr. Dr. Dr. about childbirth that mothers should not express pain while in labor for sure of traumatizing the babies. Right. Let me tell you. If get off the weeds, they're having your head squeezed through that tube isn't traumatic, then I don't know what is. Cube! Now, now, your buddies at Walmart, their Walmart strikes back, Bentonville, inside a scuffy windowless roof, this is a very long story. I'll be in our website tomorrow for the New York Times. I'll be in our website, read this a lot, but enough. Just enough to write your appetite. To show how desperate they'll be coming. Inside a stuffy windowless room here, veterans of the 2004 Bush and Kerry presidential campaign sit, stand and pace around six plastic folding tables. Open containers of Preston nuts, I need a drink. Open containers and Preston nuts in top or old tremors, and a drinker space for laptops and blackberries. See it and flickers on the TV in the corner. The phone rings in a 20-something woman answers. Turn on Fox Shields, running up to the TV with an old pet. This could be important. A scene from a campaign war room well short of it's a war room inside the headquarters of Walmart. The giant discount retailer hopes to sell a new improved image to reluctant consumers. Walmart is taking a page from the modern political playbook, under fire from well organized opponents who have hammered the retailer with criticism of the latest, wages, health insurance and treatment workers. Walmart is recently quietly recruited former presidential advisors, including Michael Deber, who was Ronald Reagan's image master, and Leslie Dash, one of Bill Clinton's media consultants, to set up a rapid response public relations team at Arkansas. When small business owners are union officials, also in front political operative some past campaigns, criticised the company the war room swings in a fashion with press releases, phone calls to reporters instead web postings. One target of the ever are swing voters or consumers who haven't soured on Walmart, the new approach appears to reflect the fear that Walmart's critics are alienating the very consumers it needs to keep growing, and especially middle of an income Americans motivated not just by price but by image. The first big challenge of the strategy will come November 1 with a premiere of an unsighted week documentary, Walmart, the high cost of low price that today is a matter of fact, was made on a shoe stream budget of $1.8 million and is being released in about 2,000 theaters. It's director Robert Greenwald hopes to show the movie in thousands of homes and churches in the next month. The possibility that it might become a cut-hit like Michael Moore's on some of that at Portrait of General Motors, Roger and me has Walmart worried big time. So Walmart is embarked on a counter-offensive that would have been on tickable just a year ago, relying on a preview posted online Walmart investigated the events described in the film and produced a short video containing the film as factual errors. Mr. Greenwald denies their errors and says that Walmart hasn't even seen the final cut. Walmart is also beginning to promote a second film, why Walmart works and why that may some people crazy was cast the company in a rosy or light. Walmart declined to make its executive available for the Greenwald film, but it participated with a second film director Ron Galaway. No kidding. The World Room team helped us to read letter written by Mr. Galaway that challenges Greenwald to show the two movies side by each. To keep up with its critics, Walmart has to run a campaign to rob her mechanic, former political strategist at the Tobacco Institute who now oversees Walmart's corporate communications, it's simply nonsense for us to let somebody's attack school out of response he says, and it goes on and I'm like I said it'll be on the website tomorrow. All right. How many people have you think we're reading? I'm doing the best I can against a formidable odds, whatever that means. Because people here, they've got to get their lives back together again, and they sure as hell don't have time to be sitting around most of them reading a lot of even very thrilling and important stories on our website, which is unfortunate, but you know we go back in the archives later on, right? That's right. The law we're doing. Okay. Considering all things you go, and I will say this, unlike some stations I know at least we're still on the air. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Hello. This is Albert Kider from Tony Van Records, providing you American Infidel to buy latest cast-evens collection. You know my mom it is right. The safety head of your body got a misunderstanding with the real start plane. I wish I had an American hostage from those in better days. Oh, it's only shooting this classic. I was on the air, right? It suddenly was de-taste. Their matches I can burn. And where it's out on my head. I'm in front of an X-16. But they won with... Come on, even your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to find X-in and a rag. If you want a decent... I got the variation on the classic. I asked myself every day, Which Americans should take? Tell me, who would you promise? Lain, don't you see it? I'm trying to deny a government. She let her be on an explosive set. So, by no chance, even skeletons would take from 1995. Or you can pay with me some nice work on or weapon of mass destruction. Oh man, that's the only reason I've played that. Just to hear that. It does it for me. They got their... Materials confused with the engines a little bit there. And the packies are all rolled in again. They're all brown. Sevent... Teen-tilled-two. I saw the Mexicans for that matter. Yeah. I saw the Peruvians and the Venezuelans. And the Bravilians. Oh, and that movie. What was the movie city of God? I don't want to disappoint that guy who was urging and pleading. I will not watch that. You said it to me and I watched it about the first 15 minutes. And I said, where is this thing going? I'm sorry. It's a very good story. It's actually like three stories all over the world. I don't care. It's not my kind of movie at all. Not even close. None of those guys are good looking her. That's not the... I wouldn't care what they looked like. That's not the point. I didn't fall asleep during that movie. You want to say a movie? I was a great movie. Oh! It's a manly movie. Yeah, that's why Roger Ebert, so enthusiastically endorses it. You know Roger. He's a man's man. Yeah. He's got a black wife though for tax purposes. You get more than for that. Yeah. Oh, and speaker that, did you ever... Was it power when Hurricane Wollon blew through? He's a question to start a fight. I see. But bad news for you when you already know this. You were good to know about it before the show. Richard, for you probably in total of free generators, chainsaw of the disaster recovery items courtesy of FEMA. In all you could take home up to $1676 and $65cent in free merchandise per household. FEMA won't go to the store and buy a generator, but if you apply online or by telephone, you'll become eligible. The snack or reimbursement check for Michael Sam for some or all of your purchase price. And what's to prevent a whole lotter for trying to filter second generator in the next hurricane? Anyone who suspects fraud, we invite them to call FEMA's fraud hotlines and the FEMA spokesman Jim Humstead at 1-800-323-8603. Residents applying for help must agree that they're trying to true the face criminal civil penalties including a fine of up to quarter of a million dollars in prison at our both and maybe even to the money is going to be efficacy next year. Last year, FEMA paid $185.6 million to provide more than 220,000 generators for Florida victims of hurricane Charles, Francis Ivan and Jeannie said FEMA spokesman moved to the Ascivado. No came to the Derrcastivado. He used to be a writer at Calder. FEMA's maximum reimbursement for a generator today is $835.97. Residents in 13 Florida counties better by Wilmer Clement Daden Browder, eligible for so-called other needs assistance that includes reimbursements for things like generators, reimbursements are based on price guidelines established for 50-haveter watch generators. Purchases of larger generators will reimburse based on a received the actual cost up to the guideline prices. Keith Ashdown, a spokesman for tax payers for common sense in the Washington D.C. non-partisan budget watchdog criticizes FEMA for what he calls given away too much money to people who really don't need the financial assistance. What they should do is have people prove their net worth and provide a sliding scale rebite Ashdown set. The government should get the generators back when the crisis is over, then figure out a way to make sure it doesn't by generators over and over for the same people. The government should get the generators back when the crisis is over, then figure out a way to make sure it doesn't by generators over and over for the same people. And 30 days. But 30 days. The native of Governor's Emergency Declaration, FEMA rules require that the dwelling where those items had to be used must be located in the declared area that suffered a verifiable power interruption. The power must be out when they buy an acivator said, FEMA's got to record when power was out in different areas. FEMA usually won't pay for generators purchased before the emergency declaration for Wilma. She said, you're so you're out of luck when you buy yours? Like months ago. Couple of days. Do the tax free week when we were supposed to take advantage of these things? Right. So here's a guy trying to be prepared. and he's going to get punished for it. When he's going to have his power, it still needs the generator. We don't pay for a preparedness, but if you have someone who's handicapped, saying they had to have a certain medical equipment or for our safety, it could be. It's on a case-by-case basis, as the video said. Florida can make the decision because it pays about 25% of the cost of FEMA's other needs assistance provided for its individual's and households program. FEMA provides disaster assistance to individuals, families, and businesses, where losses are not covered by insurance. FEMA won't pay to cover insurance deductibles, but will provide grants to help pay for temporary housing and home repairs, and other necessary expenses and serious needs caused by the disaster. Such expenses can be for medical, dental, moving and funeral needs. U.S. Small Business Administration provides low interest loans to cover some residential and business losses. The federal disaster unemployment assistance program also covers most people thrown out of working-footing many who do not normally qualify for regular unemployment aid. Scientists, more than increased hurricane activity with other strong resurms can be expected. I've had to generate an industry-like circumstances, but we have to have somebody to confirm that what happens next year. You're not fine-generalized for everybody against an Ashdown of taxpayers, which come and send so. So, if I'm in sensible sats, the other part of that story is they won't pay for the deductible. You're insurance deductible, even if it's $1,000, like, $1,000 insurance deductible, this. So, the moral of the story is, don't be prepared, don't be insured, via, you know, an F-head, and, you know, get a check. Get a check. I still dodge Yola would say. I did that. That's one thing I'll never get out of my mind. I'm sure you'll be able to get a check. As far as I'm concerned, he made out of been the very beginning of it, but he was definitely part of the dumbing of America, Joe Dodge Yola. I mean, as a literate, as the day is long, former mediocre catcher for the pirates and somebody else, Joe Garage Yola. It lit a bit. I bought a bunch of radio stations. He probably would like for any martes. But man, he was so, and they put him on the network. Get a check. Get a, get a, he was an all-ease sponsor, carousel sponsor. Get a check. And that was the beginning of the infrared stuff. Please do a Dodge Yola. 560, 560, the Pirates and SIGITER RIDE OF SLEAN. Do we want to take any more calls? I don't know. SIGITER RIDE OF SLEAN. I mean, we have our two regular rig in it right now. Yeah, I'm two and six. And now, how do you know that? Why are you so cynical? Because I'm probably right. I think it ringing continuously. All the while. I'm trying to tell us. I have no light. Oh, I knew that. WKWA in Hello. See you here wrong about that. You saw that with a, can't, I thought that was done. WKWA in Hello. And they're both like that. Well, I'm in round the line for a very long time. Oh, it was out. It's had a 96 anyway. WKWA in Hello. KWA in. What is it from across this tree? This is a lobe syphilis. Is this going to be syphilis? Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah, I thought for a bit. What is it? It's off and so. No. No. No. Get a light. Go get your light from the crap. It's off and song my ass. Yeah, you've been a dolphin's. Yeah, yeah. God. I'm going to read this story to how it is stupid as called. Good. UN warns of poverty as world's legs evaporate. This is from the financial times by a Fiona Harvey. I wonder if Fiona's can depile Harvey, but I've done it. Who is the end of that new tree? It's been a long time. Thanks very much, Paul Harvey, but I found it myself. And then it was amazing because yesterday was a discussion that would be for the show. And I said, one of the most of me, I was telling about skin, you're rocking and peeling and drying. And you said it before I did. Right. I said, have you tried new Virginia? You're looking at a tub of it right in the bathroom. Oh, right. Is this, oh, try it on your feet. Smeared on my feet? Yeah. It's going to be a little on your back dome. You can't hurt. No, especially if it's shaping. Lates around the world are shrinking and becoming less productive because of climate change, pollution, for irrigation practices and neglect the United Nations for India today. African lakes are among the worst affected with satellite images unveiled on Monday, showing dramatic differences between the extent of some lakes and rivers today. And the restent of few decades ago, Lake Chad has shrunk by almost 90%. While water levels in Lake Victoria, Africa's biggest freshwater lake are full and by a meter since the early 90s. New year has lost more than 80% of its freshwater wetlands in the past 20 years. They used to be Nigerian, else New Year. Clouds tougher as a director of the UN's environmental programs said economically, lakes are of huge importance. I hope that the satellite images will ring a warning around the world that if we're to overcome poverty and meet internationally agreed development goals by 2015, the sustainable management of Africa's life's most important equation. Otherwise, we face increasing tensions in stability, rising populations compete for life's most precious of resources. For sterilization, I'm sorry. Lates in waterways are potential science points for conflicts between countries as the pressure of demand for freshwater fuels. This fuels disagreement over how to share the resource. Delegates to the 11th World Lake Conference in Kenya, heard that the Volta River Basin West Africa shared by, and I have no idea out of pronounced affities countries, with a particular source of concern. Topulation levels around the Basin expected double the 40 meters over the next two decades, causing a sharp rise to demand for water. Did I say 40 meters 40 million? Oh. Well, I don't know. It's all this brick crap. Rainfall and river flows in the area of decline over the past 30 years. Not turning the party into decline with change. Report from the UN program, an University of Oregon and the US concluded current water use patterns in the Volta Basin have already stressed the available resources almost to their limits. It will be increasingly difficult to satisfy additional demands. Legal agreements among country-sharing water sources should be strengthened, or to avoid potential conflicts in the future reports, and the US said, countries could also be in front of the United Nations and the US, and as well as agriculture and drinking water. For example, in the US, the recreational value of freshwater's for activities from rafting to fishing is estimated about $37 billion a year. Why are we worried about such tandy as things as the environment, the lakes, the global warming, and the mending polar ice caps are all these things? Probably worried about such things. Since the ice caps are melting, maybe they could move some to those lakes. There you go. When in that funnel alone down. Let's see now, there's this UN, I don't want to read the whole thing, but if you want to see it in the US, you want to see it in Gallup pool. Why is it? Why can't they just have a name for it? I hate that. That was taken up a weekend. You approved this approved by the majority of the WSNs having his job as president. Approved 41% disapproved 56% no opinion. I have no life. Three. I can have no opinion. Thinking about the following characteristics and qualities, please say about the you think it applies, it doesn't apply to George W. Strong and decisive leader. Applies 52% doesn't apply 47. His honest interest worthy applies to 49 doesn't apply 48. Can manage the government effectively. Applies 43% doesn't apply 56%. Got it? Got it. And the numbers are getting worse. It's got the list of all the tools taken back over the last several months. And getting worse and worse. How about Dick Cheney? For example, here now, I'm not thinking ahead. You think the remaining three years, he judged WSNs, who be a success or a failure. Success 41% failure 55%. Since the start of his presidency in 2001, when you say his presidency, the success of failure, success 42% of failure 55%. Dick Cheney, favorable rating 42% unfavorable 51% never hurt him 2%. That's a phone call. Surprise at that low. Oh my God, that is just that is kind of a scary. In of course, I'm sure that I know that he probably a couple of more. We don't know them all by name, but we hear from them virtually every day. 154 at Q&A, the Momeysur from New York at 2. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560. Number 1, David! The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to do that people do with the gas that we sold him. First time a Chris or nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nuclear potion and the right queen is really sober and over to our head. And Iraq has some patterns of past destruction. 3,000 people killed. I'm now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. And there's oil to be found. So in after some time to make NATO sum up, there's no longer mention of the name in lotting. But no it's even $3,000. And the whole country and the places believe in every word of this heart-telling administration. 2,000 drove us by fear through the enemy manipulation and the right queen is really sober and over to our head. And Iraq has some patterns of past destruction. 4,000 people killed. The last civil rights is that right that we're paying. We're all suspects now not see us from this same. I have nothing to hide. People talk as all are saved. I know being in cattle don't have any reservations. Thousands of folks battle and world annihilation. Over the Nile, each and all regime must fall. And how the Virgin is known, with no objection at all. And the cracker will have the fall and the right queen is really dead over to our brain wise parents. Iraq has some patterns of past destruction. Only I'd ride myself with this vast structure. Bye bye bye! When it comes to sports, I'm already dying, boy! We can take out the authority. But we're looking for you by 60, till we can win. My heavy fourth mark in. If you want to try it, okay? No thanks. I prefer a grass. You're fairie.