if there's a fuck I smell it the door door door door door morning if there's a fuck I smell it I don't care if I never know where the weather got by I thought I was going to come up first time or not but I just wanted to make sure oh I didn't hear you the first time ah there he says it was good thing I came back for a second time yeah guess who died guess who's dead yeah you know who that is? constant more somebody else died somebody else died somebody else died too she was a actress and singer star they string a WW2 era movie musicals and was buster crabs co-star and the 39 buck rider serial it's been 84 before my time oh come on but buster crab you got to remember him yeah the swimmers is crabs right she was also in Broadway musicals in the early 40s hey yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi she had a Dallas radio show she was in delightfully yours with Jane Powell with the big boobs member Jane Powell and she was in the audience and she opened us with any canter and George Murphy member Eddie Cantor and either Cantor either Cantor I'd love to spend the shower we're talking to you about L.J. Wilson and Delary Parks and the Jansinger yeah that was about the only thing Larry Parks ever did Dennis O'Keefe and hit parade of 47 with any Albert without the pig she also appeared with Rima Land and William Holden the wartime dream I wanted wings William Holden one of my favorite all-time actors boy he was great he wrote great including a network which Josh Cortes didn't like but never less didn't like network no he didn't understand it well there's no problem as he's not mad as hell no the problem as he's never been in the broadcasting business he works here yeah that's what I mean if you're a man radio then you know then you really are a TV really appreciate that movie but he's been on the periphery on the bubble of it you know speaking of radio I was talking about what the saint was Cardinals are doing and you would know this deal the Cardinals are having a huge following throughout the Midwest because a camel X.15 thousand watt station and the Cardinals have like what he blanked giant fan base because of that is he being now they are going with a local state five thousand watt station that's been a fan a couple million dollars more a year and the Cardinals are buying fifty percent of the radio station that's going on a lot of the that's a good analogy there going on a horseball station for a little bit more money yeah and then winding up buying it and putting a minor league broadcast around here who isn't qualified to do anything but maybe a cure is syphilis well they're going to take the same broadcasters my channon and who else does the card in the lane they'll be doing broadcasts you don't bought doesn't do radio he does television i see so that's kind of unusual used to be that they would swing the the real teams with swing the TV guys back between radio and do that so much anymore well they should they don't do anything anymore like put good people on but i'm not very carry in bought prince when we need him i'll tell you i don't like that if that's going to be a precedent you know the idea that you working for the franchise you're not working for a station right so therefore i mean they're you know they because of the relationship they try to put restrictions on it but imagine if you had the answer to the marlins ownership for example oh here we go again listen you've only got until the end of the summer to get through the great read era from over here and so please i'm begging you we don't need the suspension number ninety we don't need to be peep out again mr. willberg i i told all the crap and you just you're i i told i'm told i'm told my friends and the broadcasts around the country that you've called me peep out there is terrible yeah i think i think i'm very quite a lot of the powder number eighty we don't have to take a powder pretty soon again if you don't cut the crap you know i usually get suspended on high school i'm going to i'm always been suspended yeah i i once got suspended because i had the sentence i was in you know we used to have to take a chorus class and the guy who taught the class was kind of the butt of everybody's jokes and a friend of mine and i worked out a thing where he we were on the third floor that's where the chorus class was yeah he went down and landed on a sidewalk so when the teacher came and i was standing by the window he went oh my gosh oh my gosh i hope he's not hurt and he came over and looked down and so the guy lying there on the you know on the sidewalk and you know he's calling whatever the equivalent of nine one one was at the time then yeah and anyway when the guy got up and so looking in the building so i got suspended the other guy didn't get suspended i did yeah i wouldn't be start with a marlins again for several reasons that's just the suspensions but uh they're they're toast speaking about other station they're toast oh yeah hana it's over i get back to arita i don't know what's wrong with you but i do know what's wrong there a bunch of crazy bastards but if you watch this thing i'm gonna be there i don't know if you've been looking at the thing and i've lowered the and the it's down to a three now is it oh no it's a five what are you talking about it before and told me it was a three he is so full of a man i got the latest advisory i've been watching it's a category five we can a little bit down to 170 but that's still well over uh it's category five and uh it's moving a little instead of do less now west north west and if you look at the if you watch it's spinning the upper the top quadrant there into the Louisiana he's got so much heavy duty reds and it's going to like barrel and Louisiana if anybody thinks those ladies are going to hold again they're dreaming and then all they keep talking about is corporate school and who's in which is fine is probably the highest probably going to go there but the heavy duty outer bands which uh they just can't sustain that that's a storm surge they can't handle it losing in a no way and they're not talking about that much catastrophic now interestingly enough uh speaking of suspensions the pole on taking the they might be of interest you of all the things that i talk about which is the least interesting to the audience okay things you talk about right and i got a list here of things that you know why don't you ask what the most interesting is i'll get to that we've done that okay this is negative don't you know where you are mister they like negative much better than positive south Florida man that's that's their message we hit everything so hockey uh wins so far by landslides 64 the first 275 votes high so don't ever mention high and yeah you're not going to be pleased with what's number two the racetrack racetrack thought it on here by totally that long time ago they don't they're not interested they don't know nixido from uh next haven't got a clue what you do people who are absolutely a very good yeah lester green shirt and a few of the old than degenerate there from the track the photos busy kick in the tickets over on the ground looking for a winning ticket you know that crowd and of course your buddy tom jica july rotten hell but nevertheless and number three of the so far is uh dot dot dot dot dot on the side and so on on here talking about mo so it's a good thing i don't talk about him much anymore because he's small potatoes i don't even know he's back from New York and his the brister whatever was uh come back there no i don't think it birth somebody can i guess he's a grandpa again or going to be your was or something yeah if you need to say you haven't brought him a big cigar something yeah i got what ever a sort of sausage going on you are so bad boy and i'm smell another one p-val would not be great to give him a cigar and have it as close i think that you're contemplating my transcends mine by a medium miles i think that i'm actually a friend compared to you yeah i expect you guys to be dying together no i don't think that's going to happen anytime soon but you're obsessed you you'll replace your rumor who's the poet you know left out as you're the important or became back on down but you're not coming back to town so it isn't bad i'm not going to call him is hey remember if you're listen i'm lying i'm not going to call on this i don't care how many times you call with Doug McLean rumor that used me as a prop i toy that oh they want you and people come with me along the rocks yeah i've already got the invitation come to the game we'll bring up in a press box we'll take in a dinner yeah i'm going to go to Columbus or Ohio for what then you should uh this matter of fact i had a story i never got to it on the air but there was just a couple days ago about some of the people the right and the evacuees excuse me that refugees the evacuees from uh the uh the Katrina yeah and of course they scattered them all around a country one of the places that they wanted to sell them on people was Columbus and they said uh we don't think so you know what they'd be singing in about a day what would that be good bike Columbus i see remember that movie and i would think maybe they'd be singing goodbye rumor that too so that we see in the uh some improvement the panther fans on the telecast because Dave's creator's going to be doing again so he used to do the red wing games then was on the espn and the only thing about Dave i don't like is he talks to his teeth he does that same thing that Eric read does you know she happened to she having to she having to just i hate that yeah he's he's good like Eric we have a big improvement over uh rumor i like Eric read yeah he he would he would be great if he would stop doing that after a patient yeah he's in stationally won't stop doing it i don't know why i don't know why guys do that Josh Curtis did that the first of the first time he was like sitting there with us on the show about a year ago he was doing that thing i guess they figured that makes him sound more uh i can't not like network okay hold on i did not i didn't say i didn't hide it and that's it was a little bit i said oh you like other before and god because i sent it here i actually spent the money to send it to him and he said it was boring and he said it was boring and he was in a coma the only part he liked was when feed done away was writing go hold and when it was holding it go hold and was a great actor he was so good man it's incredible i mean i just can't believe how great that like 17 how i said how absolutely said two things that were said number one that he was not awful omen too he's never been taken apart that was a real stiff movie and the other said things that he died with a bottle in the sand oh and speaking of that i got a great story from the national inquire you'll never guess what president is drinking again our president our president your and all your president is drinking again he's packing up the pressure the dry drunk is now we have become in a wet drunk again boy he goes out with his nephew there he goes till the scene again yeah and of course the nephew then the uh niece the niece she's the one she hangs out with Susan powder at least as a powder part so you know something that that talk about dysfunctional family oh and look at this look at this if she get that bitch we get to see out of the way and i'm not starting to show that thing making a little see that they don't know they just don't know i'm getting real nervous about those poor bastards in uh well all of them of course Texas they've already got eleven hundred the soldiers down there they're not going to sit back and let his fellow Texans get better the way they did those poor people in Louisiana uh it clear they cleared out Galveston and i think what this is all about is i say i somebody brought it up the other day and i think they may have a plan i think that god is who sometimes has bad in he's going for Crawford you know Crawford Texas and he's got to get this thing inland he had bad in the first time with a little off course but this time that thing may wobble right through uh right across the state in the Crawford some message for bush man god is pissed off you have messed with the primal forces of may of uh whatever that was of man mr uh bush that was good that's throughout head yesterday where we had the whole mid not the whole speech but a bit part of the mid-vadespeets during the ITT boardroom yeah boring movie network yeah uh there were so many great scenes in that movie and so many great uh anchors and anchors and anchors and we'll be too just to have one of the all-time greatest anybody who didn't like that movie has no appreciation for great film Josh i'm just telling you it's got to be a top five of everybody's list i a top ten minimum right up there with godfather kukus nestled there where you put broadcast news uh under the uh newspaper didn't like it awful right now i think i ever watched it i never did watch it i like that movie did you yeah i'm telling movie that was awful whatever working a news erosion and talk radio that was one of the all-time worst yeah that was bad but if you've ever what a working a newsroom yeah or an intelligence station it's uh well i have no need to one of those there's a lot of truth in that movie yeah well what about network same thing network was and look how look how far ahead of his time padded trash hero another one of the great movies uh that he has uh wrote the hospital with your tsiska yeah all what a tremendous movie and right on target right i mean pio people actually one uh leg dis uh oh yeah all sorts of things you know people go in for like tonsilitis and having their arm uh i mean that was considered a sick movie way kia but both of these movies were ahead of their time yep all right well we'll be high in the mita i'm right now in here time the good thing is that if they go to syveic senses we're late at night at syin and they're on to him does he do squatting routine there he's he's the one i'd say hi for a head of a thing at the windows really balled here about all the blood all the way so i think he's no really caused me have you ever seen her read it caused me yeah i mean if you want to have a good life if you're depressed you had bad day gambling whatever just turned on MSNBC between nine and ten you'll have your ass on you mean the life or cry because how she can be on the ear looking a looking like that and be with no voice it's just amazing to me you make slenie martesci like water cronkite so have a great day you too and stay keep your nose clean as they say to the governor's the daughter and uh what's your name keep your nose clean mask keep your nose clean yes she's out of work no out too bad see and she's on a diet see it tomorrow i'll be careful even the final caught quick right give away are you ready to order sir yes all have the two two two take place this man suffers from a rare form of Tourette syndrome called g-rated Tourette uh that comes with a vegetable all triving card card card territory symptoms of g-rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of uphamisms and uh for an appetizer and pump up a shock shock shock shrimp cut it unfortunately there is no cure for g-rated Tourette when you care for a salad yes the fact that's how salad will wait you know what make it a golly golly gosh gosh gosh do you agree so okay that's one that's gonna get to the great salad the good news is g-rated Tourette isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette the bad news is it's a lot more annoying and for dessert oh I'll have the much much much much much much much much much much much you know you're right sure is that that thing the last lurch uh read a thing is almost like a do-nor thing i know that it wobbles along that path but boy that light verse looks very ominous it's hooking it's ominous that's a loot of me you know into delgees like you better get jacked for the norley is most tubular and barrels and wave of attacks by me and my terrorist process no longer will you be abs to shred right to sleep to the narmax and peace for soon you will rip no more if you show experience a total faceplan at the hands of my square alert pros all awkward which means god is wicked full on red party on mom it's now god 10 18 at 5 60 WQA I'm looking on the sun sent us that a pre-nice infrared satellite image of the a hurricane of read it and i'm looking at it right now it's uh it's in motion it put the motion in your can't get and it's just uh like you said it's uh making a little northward which is why they change the of course instead of duest two west north west which means if anything it's moving a little north of where it was before and the last movement there is a bad movement around the way it's never have a bad movement all the time and the outer bands which of course things and they move in a counterclockwise so those outer bands are going to come whipping around and uh i don't i'm uh look pretty nasty to me i don't want to let get everybody in order because who cares who in south Florida cares about so things there is your president is drinking again i guess that's story the pressure is getting at least cracking here's the poll from yesterday where the hell is it do i have the poll from yesterday or don't tell me i'm doing this again here it is haha haha haha haha that would be really bad to have an epidemic of uh losing its the worst TV or actor or actress ever is there was and if you missed the show the other day what we're doing is we're going back and taking a whole bunch of polls that we used to do before and for the next 20 years going to be doing those now and why not why does we haven't done some of these in a very long time and if anybody calls us oh what you knew that once before guess what you know what my responses to that i get up your mama the worst TV actor or actress ever is or was Donald Trump 166 Chuck Norris 146 20 Danzo 125 if in pyrimines one and roll those are the same top three that we had the first time we did about a year ago that poll only a different order 20 Danzo one a year ago and then it was uh Donald Trump second in Chuck Norris 13 anyway toy spelling 112 how you spelling that victory a godie 82 fa mr t 81 from that teammate bob set it 79 which urts his answer likes him now from his movie work but on tv he's extraordinarily annoying and unqualified rosanne 67 they've crucioly orange heres 67 character can arrive 53 will Smith 47 friend pressure 44 ashton kuchi kuchi 44 and jj Walker 44 maybe the two of them are doing something rey romano 43 hold code in 39 David's hassle half 37 he's just he's just a silly person making a lot of money from being a silly person who takes himself serious that believe jury sign fell 32 ericus strato 32 eric you fairie David swimmer 31 bill shatner 31 he's out of this world Kelly rip it 27 lndi jenrick 25 she gives me spilky's mannequin standard hervavillus rays 18 Lorenzo llama 17 i'm sure you're pleased with that George yeah i still like Lorenzo a lot what was the show he was on falcon crest right and you what they say if you mess with the falcon you get the claws that would have been like that look at donny most 16 dons johnson 15 enus i uh enus answered Williams 15 johns stay most blacky who used to be on their general hospital with Richard Simmons i bet you richy Simmons with Jason him around the set johns stay most 14 Mary or Lopez 13 bill cosby 13 jelito white 13 is jelito white john 12 john ridder 12 hey john fairie not for us with that time telling you crap see that's the tip off see they think they're fooling somebody by going to that closet hey i can like being to enjoy the metropolitan community church oh nobody will find out i'm gay now or being what Catholic priest Andy Griffith 12 i just never caught in the Andy Griffith business down and i'm a little bit too yahuey for me i'm not big in the yahu's stuff Suzanne summer's nine alan thick eight idiot Danny i oh eight angel alandsbury seven Freddy prince seven how's Freddy doing oh i do like his kid what's his son's name Freddy prince junior oh that makes sense to me Vincent den Afrio seven the demand Wilson five martin short five max bear son of a boxer five i should have asked him how to say about that they don't want to hear about boxing either Mary Tyler more three and we went to hey uh funds you're fairie thick bandite scotted pair k-taxon two jodie foster one butterfly's to don't have any mirror to factor one buddy f's and one and david burnies got to be oh you want to why they didn't remember who he was oh Meredith fact your burning and david burning right either he was tens okay today's poll that were we has sham and it were bringing back because it was so good and i do like this poll we're getting a huge response already look at that three eighty two it's not even ten thirty we got almost four hundred votes if we can get to five hundred by eleven you know what that means don't you judge courtest that means a thousand that means you can smell it mm man you can sniff it is and speak of that is mobile back today is anybody found out yet or we nice to be able to do the schedule asked the dot that and he just ran out a dot you're fairies ran out of there so we either have mo from New York or in the studio or uh who knows mo at two mad dog at four six thirty it's a marlins all boy not a real problem i get i guess do we want to say it's over it's not officially over but i guess it's over at all we're a betman yeah i'd say yeah what i mean they lost the two and a row of the lowly meds and Houston is kicking ass in the philies that scored four in the ninth last night beat uh land of ten to six it's just not looking good man it's almost mathematical now it's not good anyway the marlins at the meds at seven o'clock or seventy one of the house on any k after the game that's our schedule today we don't know about mobile will let you go go go go go no three hundred ninety four votes of all the things that Neil talks about which is the least interesting to you and you can add some things on here although some of the ones that are on here and of course we put the same ones on the poll now that run or we did originally a couple of years ago hockey sixty four let's see hockey one last time and it's in first place this time the race track was second last time great close second and second again this time sixty four hockey the track race track forty three nobody except old zoos wants to talk about the race track old zoos is most of ours which happens to prior to number of most of ours and no suggestion to him because not a good idea with all of his other issues mo twenty five and of course it's probably just as well we hardly ever talk about mo no more because it's just a boring diet talk twenty well uh i can't remember last time i talk about diet talk i talk mostly about eating ice cream so they're probably pleased with that the stock market twenty well the uh futures show uh yeah that confusing me with rickriley i don't talk about the stock market maybe when we first did the poll uh all i'll say about the stock market is a sucker in the is uh money or soon-part in how's that go suckers money money on the full is money or soon-parted those bedtime stories seventeen at six point nine percent are right in there with Miguel and Tommy jica those bedtime stories stop reading on the air you lunatic you low life you quizling gays stuff sixteen stuff that's a uh inside radio stuff fourteen well see as you go down here decreasing and he's more and more people like hearing about those things like inside radio they love that and by the way speaking inside radio time-tale or stuff uh email in a fashion me that stuff four thirty again this morning i wake up and i have bad evening bad evening bad man the stuff is uh coming across my fax machine in here i don't want to be a waken i don't want the fact is just email it to me two days in a row i send them an urgent message stop faxing you lunatics and that's the beast fall again the beast actually when on the air instead of her can is done or category three that goes to show you if you want accurate information always doesn't the beast see it when a guy's got no neck when he's so fat that they's got no neck how can there be any circulation where his brain used to be see it all goes to his back though mad ass politics ham student eight religion four and health problems two health problems don't have any health from what my my diabetes have on my blood sugar being fat i don't know that means uh i guess stuff like that well that's in last place so maybe i'll talk more about uh things like i'm dying out of here never please them anyway speak uh speaking the beast being full of it read it could become the strongest hurricane ever to make landfall in the u.s history hurricane read a group of a monster storm 175 mile in our sustained winds now it's one seventy is a swirl through the Gulf coast prompting more than 1.3 million residents in Texas and Louisiana to flee in hopes of avoiding a deadly repeat of Katrina governor Rick Perry urge residents along Texas and tire coast to begin evacuating well in vansom reads printed landfall Saturday and the world in grace for the possibility of the storm could swamp the misery stricken city all over again and although they're not going to take a direct hit nevertheless and they're going to get some crap Galveston corpus christian surrounding noasis county lowline parts of Houston and the world rundermanatory evacuation orders is category five read a dune energy from the bombing off waters it certainly couldn't be that global warming could it yes four casters that read it could be the strongest hurricane on record do ever hit Texas did i say the u.s. main land well ever hit Texas and maybe the u.s. main line two by the time it gets there only three category five hurricanes the highest on scale are no no 50 west main line most recently of course Andrew which gave us the wall of in 1990 and i got just going to read a little bit in a minute of the advisory from eight o'clock this morning so people have an of course your president this can't handle it man you're a dry dry if you come in a wet wrong this is new this is by 16 i know someone that can do a sandwich or two eight moths that's getting sick the skin is a no wolf you're just that hero in she got to lay off the blow take moths that's skinny chick we want to know what's the deal the clothes that's rap when you're in rehab your worst then alley big bill it's a tentative to look at the cate moths small potatoes momentarily here's the eight o'clock advisory and not going to read the whole thing because obviously that would be really panderson boring because why do we care right right let them lose their souls potentially can and i'm telling you right now the lord is really pissed off at Texas and obviously we know we know why you must be pissed off here too because the internet is out yeah the internet is out yeah yeah well how come i still got my uh got my phone what would you do by that now usually when you're in an at school i lose my own thing well you could do right there i got my phone i got my dots hold your breath there i got my clock i'll let me see if anybody calls and let's test it for no case somebody called please and of course with that 18 minutes delay it'll be about one it'll be about eleven o'clock by time we get a call it's that's uh huh we got it back what do you mean you've got it back what that was that was like a false alarm no it was out for i don't see all the fault seems to be working so far today how do you like it was the huh don't jinx it no audio while it's working so far i'll get the spot sign five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and a Verizon sink it around the slime i don't see the following it at all which means you didn't know but he is listening or the twenty five minute delay hasn't kicked in yet we just want to do a phone test what is the last time we wanted to do a phone check and we didn't see a lot of lines on it i think you're right there everything is screwed up oh there they go phone check hello hello Neil can you hear me i can hear you buddy okay thank you goodbye see he was gonna say something uh potentially catastrophic and cater i didn't want to talk to these people yet i'll see now they're all rain like oh yeah we couldn't have the phone works everything's fine okay it's getting a little bit ponders now wasted like the first three and a half hours of the short video because our technical ability to stay on here but i'm sure they still have that big sign on engineering 24 seven international broadcast uh all those other yeah right you guys suck let's face it you're joke i seem better engineers and uh kids basement up north and uh kids playing radio potentially catastrophic category five reader over the central government's go slightly mean anticipated today slight at eight o'clock this morning the eye of hurricane midwiz near latitude twenty five point two north longitude 88 point three wiser about four hundred ninety miles east of east of gallston and about five hundred ninety five miles east of corpus christie read it is moving to the west north west uh near nine miles in our city slow down to which is also not good and this general motion is expected continue for the next twenty four hours maximum sustained winds estimate near 170 miles an hour with higher gusts which makes read a potentially catastrophic category five hurricane on the saturday since in north cross com all scale a slow-wickening trend is forecast but we did expect it to reach the coast late tomorrow or early saturday as a major hurricane at least category three that's minimum times occurly running about a foot above normal long-eaten Mississippi and Louisiana coast in the years affected by Katrina times in those areas will increase up to three or four feet and be accompanied by large waves and residents there could experience some coastal flooding oh my god so obviously the real question is are those livis gonna hold up and they show this morning how they're trying to reinforce the they're like desperately uh hanging on with those livis that are bringing the Jews into trial and last save everybody okay here's the story that everybody's waiting for from the national inquire this this right again is just sensitive renewed confidence you know when you know the man on a button is a used to be a dry drunk allegedly and I was like back to being a wet drunk and of course then he's got the the niece who's the coaxenorton uh psycho and he's got the nephew that's the lost and just got busted and Texas the other day and then he's got the other nephew that's like drunk and doing we've eaten his girlfriend's all these other things and then of course his brother who's like busy a ripping off SNL's but other than that what I said you don't ever trust anybody named yeah bushes booze crisis and I always said that don't ever trust anybody named gay all the time faced with the biggest crisis of his political life this is from the inquire president bushes hit the bottle again the inquire can reveal and the inquired all lie boyshoosecety quick-draking the morning after his 40th birthday has started boozing amid the container Katrina catastrophe family sources of fuel the how the 59 year old president was caught by first lady Laura doubting a shot of booze at their family ranching Crawford Texas when he learned to the hurricane disaster his worried wife yelled at him stop George following the shocking incident this close here for the first time Laura privately warned her husband against falling off the wagon and vowed to travel in him more often so that he could keep an eye on W. the sources said when the levees broke into Orleans that apparently made him reach for a shot said when inside her he poured himself a Texas sized shot a straight whiskey and tossed it back the first lady was shocked and shouted stop George Laura given the ultimatum before its Jim B. M. M. he she doesn't want to replay that nightmare especially now when it says tough going for a husband bushes under the worst pressure of his two terms in our office in his popularities near an all-time low the handling of the Katrina crisis and true pluses in Iraq a few old public discontent and pushed bush back to drink they pushed bush a Washington source says the sad fact is that he's been sneaking drinks for weeks now Laura may only have just caught him but the word is his drinking has been going on for a while in the capital he's been in a pressure cooker for a month the war in Iraq the loss of American lives has deeply affected him he takes every soldier's life personally and we believe that it affects him emotionally and has in drained the result is he's taking drinks here and there likely in private to cope and now with the worst domestic crisis in administration over Katrina you pray is making this a lot of control everybody get on your knees and pray okay another source said I'm only surprised to hear that he hadn't taken a shot sooner before Katrina he was in his wits and I've known him for years he's been a good old Texas boy forever he had a drinking problem for years that most professionals would say need a therapy he doesn't believe in therapy he never got it he drank his way through his youth through college and well into his 30s everyone around him is drinking another source says a family member told me they fear Georgia's falling apart the first lady's been assigned the job of gatekeeper bushes history of drinking dates back to his youth speaking of the this time as young man in the national guard he has said one thing I remember in the most proud of his my drinking and parting those with the days my friends those with the good old days to out of play that shouldn't we but that was an ended those were the days of my life I'll find out you know those were the days come on I can't think of her as ancient history was an apple record I believe and it's funny how six and nineteen seventy two he reportedly rounded off an ice-vosing with his 16 year old brother Marvin by challenging his father to a fight I didn't know yet a brother named Marvin yeah did you no I'll be there I know November first 2000 even his first presidential election Bush acknowledged that in 1976 he was arrested for DUI uh nearest current soul man man at age 30 but two demand Bush tweeted guilty and paid hundred fifty dollar fine his rather privileges were temporarily suspended in main he did a p-val I'm not proud of that Mary Hopkins that's what it's very good I just just don't know us talking he's right poppin on it okay that's enough I'm not proud of that he said I made some mistakes I occasionally drank too much and I did that night I learned my lesson and other interview around that time he said well I don't think I had an addiction you know it's hard for me to say I've had friends who were addicted very addicted they required having hitting bottom going to AA I don't think that was my case you said in other words he's in denial like most drugs uh Dr. Justin Frank a Washington DC psychiatrist author of Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president told the national inquire I do think that Bush is drinking again alcohols or are not in any program like the president have a hard time when stress gets to be great I think it's a concern that Bush disappears during times of stress he spends so much time on his ranch it's very frightened of the party and of course the president's got his itchy finger on and foot and right now you know that might divert our attention from Molly's catastrophes and an if to do all this chronism and brownie hounds and all this other stuff that's going on just punch that button baby and just a ranch one that might like to solve our problem where he's kneel Rodgers this is five 16 to eight it's I'm dying all the day. 1047 at 560 WGM still award on the Mo show. We're trying to like we're checking with all our sources to find out. Is it a go with Mo or whatever? Speaking of that bit I just played. We to could equal $5 gas. Some of us if you got a 16 gallon tank that would be like 80 bucks to fill up your tank. 80 bucks. You must be. How long used to be? 24.25 right? Fucking a half. Now we're talking 80 bucks. Thanks Mr. President. I realized that global warming has nothing to do with all this so we can't blame you. Remember when gas spiked to $3 a year after Hurricane Katrina says this story and see in in a money section? By this time next week, that could seem like the good old days. Three bucks a gallon. Good old days. Whether an energy expert say that his bad as hurricane Katrina Hintonations apply gasoline, read it could be worse. Katrina damage was focused on offshore oil platforms and ports now the greater risk is to oil refinery capacity, especially if Rita slimes into the Houston Galveston port Arthur Texas. We could be looking at gasoline lines and $4 gas maybe even $5. If this thing does the worst it could do to energy analyst P.W. Tel Aviv Cameron Hanover, this storm is in the wrong place and it's absolutely positively at the wrong time he said. Michael Schlachter, chief meteorologist at whether 2000 said Rita now if he is most likely in hit between port Arthur and Corpus Christian Texas, sometimes between the Marath Nune and Saturday morning. Just about all of Texas's refinery capacity lies in that at risk zone. There is no lucky 710 split scenario to use a bowling analogy. He said if he were fined within 200 miles, you're going to feel the effect. When Katrina hit 15 refinery, he's nearly all the Louisiana Mississippi with a combined capacity of about 3.3 million barrels a day were shut down or damaged. That represented almost 20% of US refinery capacity within a week almost 2.3 of that damage capacity to resume some operations. But for refinery, we're nearly 900,000 barrels a day of capacity are still basically shut down. If Rita hits Vothi, Houston Galveston area as well as the port Arthur Beaumont region near the Texas Louisiana border and that was to me like where it's going by the way. But not that I know anything but that was like where it's going. Alex like George where it's going. Josh is looking at because he's busy we watch a network. That could take out more than 3 million barrels of capacity a day according to Bob Tippy. Editor of the, one of his kin to a Tippy headrun. Editor of the industry, Craig Journal, oil and gas journal in Houston before Katrina system was already so tight that the worst case scenario is for the structure that took 250,000 barrels out of the picture a day that would have been considered a major jolt. He said, Tippy, we're already an uncharted territory now. We can't project what happens from another shot the size of Katrina or worse. Part of the problem is that skilled crews needed to make refinery repairs already as he tried to fix the Katrina damage. That would have been a temporary time for Marita. So then they could really rape you. Problems could spread beyond the gas pumps. Tippy said natural gas prices could see a further spike since so many of the offshore platforms all for Texas produce natural gas not crude oil. And while gasoline imports have helped bring gas prices down from recordized, there isn't as much potential for heating oil imports. Gansley intends to obscure everything especially since we aren't paying heating bills right now. Tippy said, but we're already looking at what a fuel problem we're about to take another hitable cause a lot of problems. You said, no, we're just going to stay or going to rape you man. Drop those checkered pants and get ready because they're going to rape you. They're going to take every dime. You're going to have to mortgage the house just to fill the tank. I get a bison. But I would do. I do like the Dutch to get a bike house to leave. Which is it now? I'm taking another one for the poll. I'm sure there must be some other ones things I talk about in the show that they couldn't hear less about the day. How about food? So I don't know if a lot about food. I'm sure if I if we did that whole week on food, which ourselves departmented a fabulous job following up on that. By the way, that's gone guys and you took Berkeley. You still need person. Food. You're going to put that on there? Yeah. Especially ice cream. I'm always talking about ice cream. I have no idea why. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon and singular wires. I would be like a heroin addict. I'll talk about heroin all the time. Or King Moss talking about blow. The rim of London, cosmetics firm said that it was reviewing its contract with model Kate Moss after newspaper photo showed her apparently snorting cocaine apparently. The statement came either that or she's just picking her nose. The statement came two days after the firm said it was time to continue its four year association with the model. Pictures recently published in the Daily Mirror newspaper in London, and heard the show they 31 year old Moss snorting cocaine Moss ignores last week the tablaid reports of a recent cocaine use word true. It's true baby. It's true. She's doing it. She's taken up the nose. British police also said they're investigating the allegations. We're more London is shocked in this made by the recent press allegations surrounding Moss's behavior. We're currently reviewing your contract company spokeswoman Caroline Pyecroft said. What if she's related to Caroline Beesley? Henness and Maritz, Europe's largest fashion retailer, earlier dropped Moss from upcoming ad campaign. Chanel said Wednesday would not review Moss's contract when expires October with said the decision was unrelated to drug allegations. Moss had been the face of Chanel's cocoa metamorphose up her few since 2000 in Duce. The fashion company Burberry also announced agreed with Moss to cancel plans for upcoming campaign. Burberry said it was said and by her current system size. Aren't you sad about it? Yeah. So, right. That's pretty cute. I am. Hello. Pretty good. Yeah. There's a shot. Carry would type to it. Okay. Especially. Listen. I got a suggestion for a poll. You might want to check it out. In general, what job or profession do you think is stealing their paycheck? Okay. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. When we've done all this kind of polls about different kinds of jobs, but we've never done that one. I don't want to pull about certain kind of jobs that we can't even talk about no more things to joys. It's a good time to read the monica, right? Okay. Thank you. Let's see. What kind of profession? Well, I'll find a way to work it. But that's pretty good idea. What is stealing? Stealing money. My politicians, for example. I know it would probably be near the top of my list. Just stealing your money, raping the public. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're the shizl, my nizl. Yeah. Hey, listen. I'm over in the cannon. I can't stand these coolials down here. Okay. Good luck, you pal. It's not a fact that I have a story on that speaking of who he is about the no-piggeting lace. What else is that, sir? It's way down on my pod, pile. But thanks to him, I might have to move that up. I was from California, but you could change the wording from California to Florida and have the same result. Now, now he's going to make me look for it. I'm looking for it. I'll have to find it during the break. But it has to do with people offended by people speaking of pique and pomey. Not that there anybody in Florida offended by people who are not speaking of this. All of this is kind of a reverse story. It's called a bilingual message from his xenophobic, but soon they lay times. But I'll get to it. In time. You know what I'm saying? In time. I was in the blur with say. She was real head turner. I wonder if Josh liked that movie, the extra-sister. Yeah, it was fun. It was fine. It was not to look. Okay. Well, I mean, you just not all in enthusiastic about end movies that we love. I guess because they're all old and we're all old and crusty. And, you know, it's not like to be the great movies they're around today. Yeah, you get somewhere. Yeah. I can't take you by any, but there must be some. Come to QAM Hello. A poll on barbecue places in which newscasters would you like to see having sex? Yeah. And a barbecue joint. That's not bad. What about shorties in a candle? They built a metro rail just for shorties. Come to QAM Hello. QAM. Hey, how about a poll for suggestion about a poll? Come to QAM Hello. QAM Hello, Jack. QAM Hello. See, this is what we've done to them. This is, I love it. I feel like I made such a major achievement, you know, because by doing this, taking the old polls and having the, you know, not the entire list, there's always room for like a little bit more, but having generally the basic list and that we used before. Now it's like, now they're going to have to come up with some reason to call something to say. Not that that's going to happen, but now the pressure and that's why we're getting such a marginal analysis and response. Well, we're doing all of it for the poll, but you already got it on. Yes, right. Because that's boring. It's terminal. It is just, I'm sure the jica would rather hear that than hear me reading these ponders bedtime stories that are probably way above his bald head. But that's beside the point. We hate you, Tom. See, it wasn't just a, the one phony letter that he made up. And it wasn't the letter. It was the response. That's what kind of pork me up. And then it goes on with Mr. Ego there on a station. Nobody even knows what the call letters are on a program that nobody listens to. And just, you know, and it must have tremendous tune in audience because we got one facts about it yesterday. Yesterday, it just happened on Monday, allegedly. I have no way to prove that. And nobody else even verified it. Nobody even seconded that emotion. So, Iced going, Tom, you always were best on the station. Nobody's listened to. Especially when you started grifting. Look at that, 514 votes, and it's not even 11 o'clock yet. What do you think? I'm thinking like 25,000 votes today. This is Neil Roger's, what solid this is by 16, 18, two fell. Where does your learned this tray? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just a help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living. You company man, you fairy. You're the only one who's really going to get through to me. You're the only one who's really going to get through to me. You're the only one who's really going to get through to me. Your life is just as good as what you thought. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the only one who's really going to get through to me. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. You're the perfect character. 44 votes on a pool already. And you know, since there are no calls on a board, that's because we got all the choices for the pool. We've taken away their thunder. Number two, please, about it. Last thing we need to know is for the Insta-Purron. Yeah, it's more thunder. Enough with that. We don't mind that chopper thunder from down under at the outback, for example. If we have a chopper thunder down under, anyway, don't say it because Joyce will get paid. 544 votes on a pool of all the things that Neil talks about, which is least interesting to you. Now, the Humper said, how about, do what's most interesting, what we have done that and we'll bring that back one these days. Not soon, maybe next week. Hockey, 149, enough with a hockey talk. Okay. Thanks, Rimmer, for nearly putting me out of business. You lunatic. You cheap skate. The track on all of that just so we can give them a free meal. I'd have been happy to send them a free meal. It was house ages to keep my of the studio and be to keep him off the air. And so we can just continue doing our show at IOD without having to do those. Oh, we need to do a hockey show. I'm in it with Kevin and bring Georgia Holist of all these people. Don, Sherry and Mr. That's what I'm hearing from you. And then a 1045, you got to go this high over here. And, uh, oh, brother. What kind of coffee you got going? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'll take it black. The rimman, hey, Rimmer. Nice, no, and you stay the whole way. Don't call me anymore. I'm not sure if I'm not sure if I'm bothers me the most. Him or Joe Costello. All right, Joe. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is least interesting to you, hockey, 149, will keep in mind nobody wants another Joe. The track 100, the racetrack. I haven't begging the Humper. I mean, I know he's a very big end of it. It's got to do with gambling and his horse and the horse and the whole day. He's good buddies with McZero. And he actually has just seen how he was a customer on the naked. I think. But that's it. Mo 54. Well, it's a good thing. You see how my timing is usually pretty good because it was getting really pondered where it's not when he just started a losing it and talking about punching the whole world in the face. I said, oh, boy, why even waste your time with somebody this. And we find out if he's under there or not, Josh? We haven't. Of course we haven't. Well, it's 11.05. Is he alive? Oh, boy. Mo 54. No, no, no, not too much about him. No, no, no. He just gets on my nerves. Gaze 52. Too much. Yeah, stop. Okay. Let's go. I don't think so. Diet talk 46. We're in hell to that come. I just started moving up there. Moving on up. A stock market 35, which I can't remember the last time a year ago, I talked about the stock market before I lost my ass. So why would I talk about that? Inside radio stuff, 29, those bedtime stories. Only 26. That's only 4.7% which means that of the people we still have listening. See, the people are offended by my reading the bedtime stories. Most of them are probably long gone already. Wouldn't you think? I would have had it. Yeah, they're gone. Like, Miguel, he's not listening to it. Show no mal. He's probably listening to, I don't know what else is on now. I don't know, a skier America. Or maybe he's listening to no spaghetti in glaze. That's more like it. We're right up in his alley. Probably listen to Radio 3 Habana. Bedtime stories 26 are a lot the least interest of. They can't handle. They can't stand it. They hate him. Politics 21. I'm stood M15. They are very much in Amsterdam. Especially, it was a shrooms man. They love those shrooms. I might have some shrooms for lunch today. Religion 11 health problems they had in food. We just put food on there. One. 551. This is a staggering. I look at there's the SCNM thing you show in the morning. Yes, today the day before. We're in the middle of the island. When increases our risk of surviving a lot better than not in the face of this. What do you want to see, Galveston? Yes, that's the premature evacuation. Did you see those upper bands again, whip and towards the right toward New Orleans, right side of the PC later in Louisiana? And it looked good to me. I mean, what do I know? I'm just a, uh, just a observer. What's all the line? Oh, my, meteorology. I ain't no mischamala or misnourcross. Gay. WQM. Hello. Out there. See, that line one just keeps doing the disconnect. Because I'll sneak a couple of calls in here as we get them, but they're pretty mean and mean because we've already got the pull put together. WQM, hello. Can I be on the show? No. Kill him by the way. Just kill him. He's a way or that's enough. Okay for today. I go take some pros at Ron. Get lost. Go break your kneecaps. Call up Kathy Bates. WQM. Hello. To a. I am. Oh, the two of us. I was around. Okay. Reverend Jones. Mike Whitney. It didn't astonishing. And it's just breathtaking view. There's just a radio show. This is a hobby. Have you ever thought to think about that? Order. This is not just a video. A lot of program. This is a hobby for a whole bunch of people out there. This is their life. This is their, I have no life. Hashtime. And I think it's long past time for somebody's people to be taken out. Call up Pat Robertson. See, if we can't do a Voodoo curse on somebody's people. When it does take them out for a long walk. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, Neil. I don't know if I just can get a few minutes to go. Has anyone mentioned the two-page spread in the Palm Beach Post this morning in the front section of the paper on one page. And they lied under pictures of the Rummy and W. And, uh, Cheney and Condy. And then on the other page was a list of every name of every guy who's died in Iraq. But that is said, they died. Have you, did you see that? No, I have not seen that because I don't look at the Palm Beach Post even on a dry day. Well, I thought I'd bring it up. There's a website. I'm sorry. I can't reflect the night of it. I don't have the paper with me. But it, it might be worth the while looking into. Okay. Thanks so much, Paulie. I'll check it out. I know we haven't had any calls on that because people were too busy saying, Bro, that's nice. That's like that. I'll check where we usually get the Palm Beach Post in the really in the break room. Yeah. We get the Palm Beach Post in the building. I mean, I could go online and look it up. But it would be a lot more fun if you actually had a right in your hand. Well, I'll see you during the next break. There's something. WQAM Hello QAM Slow line. Lifeless line. WQAM Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I just think about a poll about how much George is five. Okay. WQAM Hello. Hey, that's okay. Meal. Speaking. Meal. You are the cause of why you show us the mice last three years. Oh, my gosh. It's the boy you show. Wait, don't listen to that. How come you're still listening, man, Jack. Ask. Yeah, he ain't listening. Now all of a sudden click on the reeds demise. And then we realize we were in demise. I thought we were kicking ass. We have those big juicy body numbers. Thanks a lot. That sounds boyfriend, by the way. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. He throws out his board. K. He throws out his board. K. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neal. I see. But if I understand you're folk correctly, I'd like to nominate movies. Okay. Not interested in movies, huh? Neither home, man. I love you show, but the movie reviews have got to go. Okay. Moved. That's good. I didn't know there was a way like saying, well, we put food on everything. Most people aren't interested in food. Good food anyway, but put food on. There's one on movies. I mean, Jack says like movies, at least good ones anyway. That guy probably didn't like network. I should ask him that, Dammit. See, I should have like interjected today. Probably hated network like poison. So maybe you can call him back until you can like hook up and go over to a ball game together. Like a Marlon loss. I mean, a Marlon game. Of course, the Marlon's are playing at the midst of night after losing two embarrassing games side by each. You know, they had the basis load like that. Michael O'ell, man. Why did they dump his ass a long time ago? What? Nobody wants him. A hit a bomb left there. Hit a bomb? Yeah, hit a bomb right when they had the basis loaded in the top of the ninth and chance to blow that game open. I saw that. That's the only part of the whole game I saw was when he had the meds telecast on. Well, I can't stand that Fran Healy. What a delared. Wouldn't it be it? But isn't it Fran Healy on there? Is it, I think it is? Was Healy Ankeen? He's on the omets. Do you feel like Dave O'Brien? By the way, actually Dave is sounding pretty good on the SPN. I don't like Dave personally because he's screwed over. He's got a huge ego and he's screwed over to Angel Valley, which I like Joe a lot better, much better guy. Dave is okay, but he's got that same generic kind of sound. He's like 8,000 guys just sound like Dave O'Brien. He's pretty good. He's okay. But I thought it was ironic that they blew out your angel. John Henry and that crowd before the president to owners. They blew out your angel because Dave O'Brien wanted to be the main man. He wanted to be the whole of the big cheese and then come to fight out like five minutes after they did that and they changed your angel way of Brian says, oh well I changed my mind. I want to go to ESPN, you know? Well screw you Dave okay, they packed the misalami sandwich and set him on away, which is a good idea. Oh, I've said your one thing, they should have kept him as far as over this rich wall sky. I mean if you're asking me who do I like the better Dave O'Brien or Rich walls, is there any contest? Oh no. I mean, Dave O'Brien is like chat-hutley compared to Rich walls. Compared to that little boy, this again is on TV. Oh, now how many outs does it take to end the inning? He's not only he's bad and got a horrible voice and clueless and boring, but he doesn't even understand the game. That's what gets me. When you think part of the qualification for being a play by play broadcaster for immediately just sporting team would be understand rules of whatever game it is. Wouldn't that be good? Ah, that's what he hasn't got a clue. And of course you know, this Josh is again very quiet because he sees this guy and in fact, and I'm sure that Rich has probably sent him, you work on that show what has been. I guess that's bad mouth of me all the time. He probably says that. Actually, he never has no. I don't know that he knows. He doesn't know. Well, let's keep it that way. Of course, there are a ton right now. I'm going to make sure that no trouble makers will pass along the information that Josh is ripping Rich and A's on my show. Problem and it's after... Ha ha ha ha. Problem and it's nice to let. You see, it's really interesting. We take this poll today, which I think it's kind of interesting to see the stuff that Moore's ended up. And right away, it's like, oh, there's some kind of a problem here showing your response of that. And of course, they're still listening and just getting all hysterical. It really, I've tended to pain is so great. I don't know if I can survive till 2 o'clock. It just pains me tremendously. The pain that somebody's idiots want to inflict. You're a hive all your time. I would agree with that. I'm a terrible progato. I'm a real bastard. Hey, how did you sleep last night? The recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation, fewer than half Americans, who are getting good and sleep most nights. One of the primary reasons of not getting good night's sleep is not having a comfortable supportive mattress. Like a brand new Simmons beauty rest queen said from a good friend's at dialo mattress. This Simmons beauty rest features individually pocketed coils so you won't feel your partner thrashing around during the night or getting up in the middle night and, uh, Holon asks. Now it's priced at just 599 bucks. This is for a limited time only. So pick up that phone. Call 1-800 mattress right now. And tell me what they're Neilville that great Simmons beauty rest for just 599 bucks. Plus, a portion of every deal at dialo mattress will be donated to her cane Katrina relief. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same day delivery all across on Florida. And by calling 1-800 mattress is still confused from the deepest selection, you prick the date into our window for delivery to figure a schedule. They show up 99.7% on time. I've been using for a long, long time. Just as most of the smart folks are cute and even some of the dumb ones are doing too. They call 1-800 mattress when the old mattress is going to be tossed out. You ought to be doing the same. Log on to macros.com or give dialo macros a call right now in 1-800 mattress and have a great night's sleep tonight. And for a year's to come till 20 years in circus on a great new bed from dialo mattress call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. We've got the last instance because it stands for stew penned this savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 562-A-S. Bitch. I've to be out of your mind. You're about your death-long president. What do I keep? Good mind George. You've got to go me, oh my lord. You've got to go home because you're a fan of the dialo. But you sure flew quick when it came to sick, cherry shaman. Some of our bullshit's afford your tuition now saved the dial. That's how George is. While people round you play the round of relax and go for a while. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. He was on vacation. The world lanes won't go away. Won't disappear into that good night. America's beloved southern portacolla has been vanquished by neglect. Pumbled by the erosion of its wetlands and the weakening of its levees. Now, the tens of thousands of refugees are fleeing the previously thriving Metropolis, much like the people of Felugia, Tallah Farad Samara. In Iraq, the effects of hurricane, a George can be seen throughout the Sunni Heartland. Romskull continues to stirms or lacks underbelly like to come to Sherman on his march to the sea, leaving only 10 cities and desolation behind. The relief agencies are simply overwhelmed by a mindset of the human catastrophe. There's no way they'll be able to meet the people's needs. Worship course just shrugs off such sentimentality. What possible difference could their suffering make? Besides, there's no longer even a trace of plan for Iraq, just the faintest abuse of the course and the drug inhalation in slaughter. None of it makes any sense nor should it. The nation is sinking in an ocean of hubris and delusion. Reason in decency vanished in the desert, Morocco. Only the wrath of your utter destruction persists. There's no stopping this juggernaut. The Washington's ruling elite are held back to continue. Flailing away at every obstacle in their murderous path. This week is Iraq. Next week, it's Syria. What possible difference could it make? America won't be digging out of this or G. Of, tear anyway. Boshes led us to the brink. The economy is teetering our alliances are crumbling in the nation's Ambling toward disaster. All the wild and dear leaders fixed his vision on the deepest part of the Quick Sand and Trejas onward. America won't dodge the reaper this time. Character is fate. Our future is hopelessly shackled in the dwindling forces of our Vacuous president, George Walker Boyd. All the conces. I didn't like that. A little depressing. Yeah. For those of you folks still in America. I mean, you know what I'm saying? 627 votes. Are you impressed or what? Are you blown away? Well, not as much as some people will be. Why? Why do you mean by that? Or the hurt. Like Tom Jick and Miguel. No, I mean the people are Louisiana. Oh, that's bad. No, but seriously, how come we can see that we were talking about it before the Show this morning? Yeah. But it was a turn your TV on and there it is. I mean, we don't see Bob Franken in his stupid old ass. There's the thing in the bottom right hand corner and watch it. See. And even in rap report, who's like a 10 week old bottle of milk. I mean, even he said, well, this is what we have removed the target a little bit to the east. Yeah, right. Yeah, to the right. Exactly. Just like America's moving to the right as far as they can go to the right. And there's those. In fact, if I just look at the radar and there's some pretty heavy doody stuff here. And there's a lot of people who are going to be in the next 40 years. They're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. And they're going to be in the next 40 years. They're going to be in the next 40 years. They're all going to be in the next 40 years. You see how that all ties together. They're going to be in the next 40 years. I mean, I kid was so wide open in the end zone. I've done a push into hurricanes. What lose of quarter. Am I? Am I? Yeah, Brian. Car strikes pedestrians on the lost Vegas strip. Oh, well, yeah, this reminds me. I want to talk to Hank about this. But we had important fish to fry about Hank in suspended for the eight hundred times. yesterday killing one injury 13 authorities said police erected the driver at the scene it reminded me of that talk to the waitress remember that story a few years ago and that many years and she won the megabucks for like 26 or 30 million some like that I think was more like a turn to me one million and the next day she gets wiped out on drabner car going to work she gets wiped out on a road by a drunkard driver not she's in a wheelchair she's a a fair plegette remember that story i do you went 31 million bucks in some drug and peace of crap comes along and destroys your life man the car jumped the curb about five fifteen yesterday afternoon roving people walking from the valleys in perisotino hotel casinos a fifty two year old man was pronounced that a university medical center eight other people all adults being treated at hospital and it's got an actually picture well website is this must be uh... it's a peep people laying there in a street being attended to buy uh... medical personnel is just amazing five people were taken take into sunrise hospital that's in the Vegas not in the sunrise where one man was in critical in the kitchen to others listed as serious after striking the pedestrians the burgundy view a question to a wall came to stop in a landscape area in front of valleys the car's driver steven rest of twenty seven of reauto california was arrested to see by an off duty officer who was at nearby restaurant it wasn't therapy was injured and results of the drug and alcohol tester pending police folks in hozaman toy said authorities were investigating where the car with california license plates was stolen rest of his being held in jail we have a rule out whether this was an intentional on intentional act like that when that farmer thirty three of woodstock jodier walk by the scene after seeing the chaos more hotel room at the Paris we didn't hear the crash he said we saw people lying on the sidewalk farmers has been and he said the couple had been down the same stretch of the strip upon our before the crash the speed on this road is just too fast in farmer a police officer can't judge it always driver real fast on the strip about like two miles an hour because it's so congested and look at the freaking time were you as a meal And when come from property, this way we get dark on my knee, all day died in the easy and up I rest after the tea no tea. Old country not don't put no blame on me, but they come from my vacation for a photo of opportunity. Swing your partner round and round, now build those summons in the war of the stout and swim to the left to the right, here we go. Sight a little munch out, those who don't. Old country not like in those people, please. It's a course of the easy and up and it's for a tear-wacky. That's a looping. 25 to 25 to noon, we still haven't found out what the deal is whether Moe is doing the show. He's on from New York again. From New York again. That's right. Moe from New York. In fact, maybe he's taking a page out of my book now. And he'll from Toronto, more from New York, Mad Dog from Tank from Vegas, Mad Dog from Michigan. Huh? Sounds like it's got a possibility to me. By the way, they got a call to the movies for the poor get-a-life. It's just amazing to me. I'll make no difference because it fits in with self-ported perfectly. The mouth-contents no matter what you're talking about. We don't want that. Mad, we don't want it. Whenever you're talking about, we are like, man. What do you want? I don't know, but you're all listen. That is it. That you put your big fat thumb right on it. What do you want? It's like these people are quoted. How come you keep talking about this? Okay, well, what do you want to talk about? I don't know. Anything but that. Yeah. Go over with the tape and stuff. It's like little kids. You know, they know what they know they don't want for dinner, whatever you're serving, but they haven't got any of the foggyest idea what they do want. And it's the same thing. We don't want it. We don't like it. F***! Well, you know what? Get lost. Take a hike. Take a radio and stick it inside your breath. Thumb, right? Especially the car radio. That's always fun. Just take the whole car in there. 665 votes. I think we better call our friends at the Guinness Booker Records because we are going to go over 700 by Nuna. Are we? What is the weather bridge? As you mentioned, covering up much of the eastern part of the Gulf of Mexico. Look at the side and everywhere. Look at the color change here on the storm. There's a few fields, a purple there. And now we're not seeing much of the purple. So we're in the middle of what we call that eye-war place in the cycle of the storms. We can just do some little bed. It's still a category five. It doesn't get worse than that. There's 165 mile per hour. How do you say? And we'll probably see some continued weakening over the next day. I prefer to say a category five. That's a category three, four or five at the time that it makes landfall. Either way, that's still a major storm. And doesn't make a lot of difference between the winds that they are now. What they were earlier today. Four cast track is moving west and west. We want to get that kind of camel out again. Galveston. We're drinking with your friends. A mile per hour. But we still think that since it's taken a little bit of a jog on up to the north, our estimated landfall time is still going to be early in the morning. We think on Saturday, the Fertiated Path of Skinny Line. Right through Texas, right to Crawford. Where does Crawford have any idea what part of Texas Crawford's in? Do you know? No, I don't. Well, do Google on there. Somebody and look up Texas map and see if you can find. I mean, I don't know. Never really cross my mind. Nor doesn't make much difference. But where does this Crawford Texas? And maybe that hurricane is right on the line. Maybe there's a message from God. Oh God. Woman convicted in excesses in death in Georgetown, Guyana. A keyonogery is convicted of women of manslaughter for killing your friend during an exorcism right at ritual. Thank God, at least Josh liked that movie. And let me say again, the guy doesn't like talking about movies. You need help. You know how to once in a while, go to see your Schluck bus to do something. Do you know anybody who doesn't like movies? No, I don't. In fact, look, although it does have four votes now. Food has got only a pair and movies has got four. I don't just under $765 vote. How could you not like movies? I mean, even if you don't like current movies, you can always talk about old movies. We've talked about every kind of movies all the way back into the 1800s before they invented them. What? It's just, it's different. Why do I get myself work out of such crap? Well, speak on a crap. XF the I agent and crashed the night early release. You all remember this guy. I think just three weeks into the 90s sentence for drunken and reckless driving, driving former F the I agent David Ferrell yesterday asked the judge you sentenced him to 20 jails early. And the judge said, oh, forget about it. Ferrell 42 of co-conocrete was convicted on charges standing for me November 1990 on collision. It killed two lotterhill brothers. And then, of course, you recall the whole deal where they tried to blame them. His attorney, John Howard's argued for an early release by telling Broward Circuit Judge Mark Gold at Ferrell has lived an exemplary life. Is that Ferrell or Ferrell? But gold ordered Ferrell back to jail for their main service three month term. Gold questioned whether Ferrell's motion for a mitigated sentence was filed on time. Even if a was gold said he'd still rule against the request. Ferrell had been accused of crossing the fatal crash by grabbing the wrong way on I-95 and pop at a beach. A jury in 2002 acquitted Ferrell or felony manslaughter in vehicular homicide charges in the deaths of a race Williams 23 and Craig Chambers 19, jurist on Ferrell guilty of six Mr. Meiner charges. Ferrell served one day in January 2003 before he was released on $10,000 bond while the appeal is conviction. Even Eve on the passion has got a better chance to get out early. After losing appeals he began his 90s sentence on the DUI, reckless driving conviction to member one. Ferrell's attorney noted that his client upheld all conditions of her is really stirring appeals. The former FBI agent worked on civil volunteer project, how it said. But assistance stated attorney Michael Horowitz pointed to a Ferrell's post-conviction driving record as reason to keep him in jail. Ferrell received a speeding ticket in South Carolina, April 2002, a citation for her failing to evade traffic sign in Virginia in October 2004, Horowitz said he was found guilty in both incidents. The prosecutor also argued that following conditions of release and performing service tonight, just as I alluded to, he said. We're all a few. Of course, they were here. I'd have to use these days. All the hysteria and rightfully so after the jury said, oh, well, you know, South Monteress. And that's what they did because that's the American FNWA. Must have been those of black guys. They must have been responsible. A lot of them are because races do understand nothing like that. Six hundred and eighty-one votes. I've had to even Josh who's very difficult to impress. He's a hard ass. I've had to even he is shocked by this turn of developments. Aren't you? I've never seen him say he said I'm amazed. What he said. He's amazed that I like to move me network. He's amazed that I don't like to move me. I love it. I've asked him probably twenty times. Maybe even more than that. Maybe I've heard the man. That's how good it is. And even George would agree. I've actually anybody else would like you larger than the thumbwood too. This is New Rogers. This is 5. 16. 2. 8. 9. 9. 9. 7. 7. 9. 7. 6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 11. 7. 7. 9. 8. 7. 8. 7. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. I bet you're acting playin' to playin' for the next hurricane. 730 votes! Just for it, we'll first prepare a pen and a full push, paint five, almost, good! Everybody playin' here, naked! Making naked, Joe Baggins, and nanotent, we'll fake in, paint five, and we'll make it. Ooh! Naked! The Blangang! 730 and 3 votes. And we're actually counting on, like, honest today, supposed to like read in those peep people from dibald. 13 till noon, we got more from New York again today to a clock maddog at four of them, and Marlon stuff, like, you know, and they give it a shot. And then, at any cave for the baseball game, Marlon's at the Metz. Now, the amazing part of it is sometimes I just, I just knock myself out with how amazing an astonishing man. I'm serious about that. My psychic powers are just beyond belief. I do not tell you that this hurricane, we did a god he had batting in the first time. If you're okay right, the first time to win again, he's the one that said that, and then the right, the good book, the bad book. And if you look at the map, and now did you look at this before you were fasted? Of course I did. I marked it. I wrote, I wrote on the way. Of Houston. And in fact, Crawford is so small, it's very hard to find in any map, but it's right. As is right by, uh, wacko's, uh, wacko's. Right by that wacko. And it's going to go inland, and it's, it had right for Crawford, just like I said, the Lord is peo at a George W. Bush, and it's all bunch of Nazi. This is the way you do it. The rest of the country, they're just in back on the rest of the Democrats there, but it would put about there's like three or four of them would balls like Ted Kennedy and Diane Feinstein and Diane of Christensen. I'll get back to you, Diana. I'm going to have to watch it again just in honor of Josh and not like anything. If you don't like it, you don't like it. That's okay. Some speak with people who are like spinach. I don't. Doesn't like broccoli. I love broccoli. Or is that spinach for that man? Or spinach for lunch, for lunch, for lunch, for a lot of flour, especially y'all, grottin. Anything, almost anything which he's on. Well, moving along. So if you go to Crawford Textions, they've got their own website. It is so cute. And it's got the American flag and the Texas flag and it's got all these little church easing by there. Howdy, it's it. Howdy. Y'all come back now. Welcome to Crawford Textions, Central Texas, all of the friendly is 705 people to Lever Find. 705 population. We're sure proud of our town and our favorite son, President George W. Bush. It says. And then you can order Crawford Photos to use for your desktop wallpaper. You can check out the Crawford area dining and lodging. God, oh boy, can you imagine? That's a dining and Crawford man. Have some crawfish and Crawford. The fourth annual Levi Bauer, 3D Memorial Archery benefit. Oh, missed that. I was back in April. Levi, about what have usually been Levi Harnard. Or maybe just Levi Strauss. And then it goes on. Congratulations to the Crawford Football team on Yadi Adi Adi. They did this. They did that. Be sure we decrofer news. Our cover says. You'll love this. Just hang on tight. President George W. Bush and his wonderful wife Laura. Purchased her ranch just outside Crawford, 1999. George and Laura recognize the beauty of the area. And what a great place we have here. Please come by and see us sometime. Rita. We'll be adding several links to help you become better acquainted with where we are. The wonderful area we live in in the best ways to get here. And of course, you didn't say what we are because we're already a bank. Much of Yahoo Red Max. Much of Droll and Idiots. Wow. I'm impressed. Here's the fact that says you mentioned Rickshaw to begin your program. We didn't finish the story. We're going to tell. I didn't have any story about Rickshaw. I just told him to rip our head because I had the jingle. That's all. What about any story? Well, what is with these people anyway? How was it? Don't they get it? Come on. This is not a story about Rickshaw. His calf. If he knows the story, it's just that he was born with it on the Yes. He speaks with the guys. Good guy. Richard. He's the longest as far as I know. He's over 40 years on the year in Miami. He's got 10 years on me. Of course, he probably is about 75. But nevertheless, we like Rick a lot. He's called his show many times. The only thing that mugged him one time was that shock radio got him a little bit. I am not a Nazi. I never forget today. I think it was my 25th anniversary on the year. And he called and he said, you do great radio. I almost hit here came to my eyes. It was just, you know, because you ordinarily, if you're like not the pedestrian usual crap, you know. All you do is get crap. You know, the media, they dump on you. And it just rip you and ask. And they take the chief shots. Which is fine. I could get a crap. Plus about that unless it's a pun. Some of you are supposed to be your friend like Tom Jitter. You're not full of me, little Tommy. You always hated this show. You're always second guessing. You kind of remind me like Norma Kent, only Norma's a good guy. Good girl. But you just wanted to be. You just another frustrated broadcast. So that's why you keep playing radio. That's why you're filling with your body. We might do that. We didn't do that ever. I don't think we did. Maybe we did. Maybe we didn't. And you know what to bet? Because I got all the music. As long as I went out and spent all my money. Might as well do something constructive with it. But you'll see if you put that on the floor. Or G is so great too, man. You mean, if you was going to allow for, you would great. But anyway, now you're talking about two things that hate music and movies standing in the shadows of Motown. So anyway, he goes on to say, P.S. I used to hate boomer assassin until he started badmouthing Moe. I hate Moe and the proof that I would offer to buy him a meal at the Algarden. Boomer assassin has been badmouthing Moe. Do we know about that? We don't know if he's going to do that. Wow. Well, let's Google it. Let's talk to the powers that be. Let's find out that sounds like a scandalous story in the making. Anyway, getting back to Rita, if you look at where this thing is supposed to be going right as to Houston and at least a part of it anyway. Maybe not the eye, eye, eye, eye, eye. But the eye. And right on, it's right due toward Waco and Crawford. The Lord is just jamming it. It's just right on course. See, that's the first one. He missed a little bit. You know, it's like lobbing the hand grenades. Sometimes they land where you're specter hope. And sometimes they don't see lobbing other ones. Right? But it's wrong to the balls. Sometimes you have to teach her in a hidden. Sometimes you miss. Sometimes he had Judy in the first row instead of the back of the head. Wow. 7122 votes. Are you shimitting me? The levies they're saying. Basically at this point, one of the guys said it's really like looking at the crystal ball Darren in terms of what could happen here that really got away to see which direction read ahead and what she ends up doing to the area of New Orleans. Darren. That was, was, was that a reporter? What, huh? Was that a report, Darren? Who now was that muddacon? Man. That was pathetic. It's really a couple of five for kissing an India. We've got to take some calls. WQAM. Hey. What's up, then, Pally? How you doing, sir? Um, if it's possible. Yeah. I like to read a class beyond the B. The Curtains. Yeah. Oh, wow. Then we would go to jail if we did that. We'd all go to jail. She, she hit, and it's got to be a joke. Yeah. Every time I see her, I think, is this got to be a comedy act? Isn't it? I think pulling a fast one on us. You people at MSNBC, man. You are the worst. You're crazy. See, they put that thing on the air. The NBC never put that on there to compete with CNN and Fox. In fact, I think they were on before Fox. I'm not really sure Fox News. And they don't know what they want to be. They haven't figured out what they want to be when they grow up yet. And so they've tried everything. They tried field Donahue. And they tried Linda, L.R.B. with the big glasses. And they tried everybody's Chris Matthews in 10 different times. Lots, you know, talking out of the side of his mouth. And now they've reached just when you think that they reached an all-time low by putting that bow tied Simphering idiot mother and Tucker Carlson on there. They finally jammed his back to 11 o'clock at night. So they could put on weed or cause be there. They're big, cool from the Fox News network. And of course Fox didn't want her anyway. Didn't we knew her contract? Because somebody finally actually saw her on here and said, Are you kidding me with L.R.B. What is it? Is it animal vegetable or a mineral or a mineral? And of course. Oh, that's just cause. I mean, you listen to the voice. The first time I saw her, I thought, okay, she's got to learn. And she's got a cold. You know, she just had bad climbing. And she can't speak. So she looks like a pig with a bad nose. She's a cow. And on top of that, she can't speak. Other netty is dynamite. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62. This is Mark Morgan. Is the 12-1 hour on Q8. Turned about. Turned about. And that house is dope. Listen. Dance is all. Hello. What is warm? I'll say you've come here often. Pardon me? Have you been here before? No. First time. What's your name? Three way. Three way. That's nice. One figure. Three of the nature's biggest. I'm here. No. You were here to get some clean. I don't know. You were work around here. I'm a waiter, but I actually am an actor. You know, yeah, yeah. You know, it's a tough thing. You probably need to relax. Oh, I'll say. But you know, everything has been news and all. It's a pay off. You can start relaxing right now. Anyway, I brought something. Who's a sheep. And three way. Not just any sheep either. Wow. Cold, low, low. You can't even get the condom. I mean, but here's the most important part. Three way. And the pro-text label. Pro-text. Art does endure. By the quality council of fans in Cisco. Absolutely. You know the project's slogan, too. I sure do. Certified date by the city by the day. Well, what do you say? Darn. Look at that. I trust this so began. How can you? You bet your life he will. And with confidence. Because free way you've spicked have condoms. Don't let worry. Spoil those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-text. The ROP, EEP, TMI, 3X and B. The ROP, TEP, TB, and Dams. No, a solid. The faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. The faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. No, no. Don't. No, what it's all about. The pro-text. So they won't send you. A re. Pro-text condoms. The vision of black flag, how can garden pass control the vision? C.P. Situation closed since 1887. So before he died, nobody told him. 12 or 3 C. Josh has our time believing that he was once very funny and very creative and real hoot and a horror, which he was. The problem is that was 100 years ago when he croaked and he just propped him up in that chair. He snatched that cum real good though. 747 votes. Speaking of bosos, the faith that terrorists were constantly adapting to their change. Oh, yes, the war on terror is there really such a thing as the war on terror? No. I don't believe that because they hate my taste and music. They despise my music. Hate it. And the crap that you play well. Of all the things that he talks about, which is the least interesting to you, which one puts you in a way, comma, which one sends you rushing for that dial, which one sends you to the bowl to get on your hands and ease and just puked your guts out. Pocky 206. All remember, man. I don't know which is worst. The grim reaper or the grim reamer. 206. Pocky puked. Pocky and floored. A soft float. A haki franchise. It's just shocking to me. It would be like selling bagels at the North Pole. It just makes no sense. The track, 144 race track, talk all boy, next thing, you know, or a video. I'm going to be on the phone. The gays, the 76, well, they don't want gay. Remember that poll we did, I don't know, a few weeks ago about what people considered themselves to be by or whatever. And that once again, it always comes out that we only, this is the same once again it always comes out that we only this time even less i think we have chased those uh... queens i mean the gay people away because of that drop in you feral si i keep playing that over a fair it was like uh... wolf band it's so chase them away figured that would draw the dead like a maiden call as it will fan or gerry bane speaking to jockey's don't talk about racing on that and no more hang no more racing stuff the audience hates it except for those a ten-old crusty old zoos that hang around by the finish line those losers down there a quarter the track on forty five so hockey in the track that's a gays stuff seventy six all or do have a couple stories of anyway uh... because we have almost no gay listeners on the show which really discols that popular myth about all you listen to new you must be some kind of a money calling it always comes up to like ten percent not the last time was like much less than that much less less than the general population like here in toraba gave populations only about eighty percent but uh... much less and they're gone they're long gone so why why don't show that cater to people are not interested what i'm doing here you know i mean if i were to like young and hung and cute and all that other stuff if i looked like time braided we'd have a gay audience yet we have like forty million gay people listen all over the world online you know but i'm old and fat and the disgusting and that's the way it is and i said that though gays stuff seventy six mole sixty nine no more just uh... and the timing of that is perfect here i can kind of smell that maybe it was the most grad got loose more from the art today by the way miss that diet talk sixty one haven't been too much in that lately you know one ninety three of the scale today not there are men's and not that bad uh... right not great the stock market speaking not great forty eight don't do it put your money out of your mad friends you have a better chance don't turn on a gambling channel man there are a bunch of our grave robbers out of care how much tidd they would like to show man we hate everybody connected with that gambling's here so in fact you know something i'm convinced with remember the story ahead of the day by g and all the interest that they got in a rack in all the money that the grave robbers that they are well g of course on send bc and c and bc and ms and bc so you can blame all of the money you're lost in the market on them you can blame read across beyond the peacock she is nauseating i i get sick looking at her diet talk sixty three stock market for nine inside radio stuff thirty six they like that and speaking inside radio a time tailor stop faxing me that stuff at four thirty in a morning you maniac those bedtime stories thirty two that that's only four point one percent of the number keeps going down see so that means that nine ninety six percent of the audience is okay at least not uh... you know peoed okay with all those great stories are like that one i read before i thought that was a good uh... pretty damn good yeah uh... great one about bush in this kvall of lyritex and in fact that america's basically uh... sunk in stunk and uh... i think you know so what's violent and volatile and how more stable but yeah right you belong in a stable air Crawford man politics twenty three am stood am twenty they like here about umstead on especially slipper's like Georgia can't afford to go there wants to all about it religion eighteen they love when we not religion because this is one of the very few shows in the world that's got the ball set up what a bunch of crap at this man made garbage now since everybody against each other and all the heat with its going on let's have some protested marching day it's just a constant that is so outrageous so idiotic you know and it's a thing put on their orange outfits to identify themselves as Protestant senator and the remarks to the catholic neighborhood and the catholic store bricks at him and uh... few uh... pipe bombs here crazy i guess that's all the uh... fanatical muslims are doing out is only on kind of a grander scale crazy crap health problems ten they want to hear about that i don't have all i do have my i'd be as i can't let me play that sound effect what's that for ideas oh kidding all that's on yeah okay do that no irritable ball actually is more like in your stomach right that i said close to what you think in like back home now even though it's called boulier uh... movie six that uh... well what am i gonna say about that seven hundred seventy nine votes food for and music three five and finally the governor but still in last place i'm shocked at that because they hate my music despise and it's cause of that what these constant all what you uh... whatever you wrap the grass that you think would you think it's not a post to music is garbage will that's why that's that's why that's that's how it's called your because it was called a hot jerk i think to us probably be on a phone a second we can't play that probably can't even play the uh... rich center been anymore he's doing that uh... idiotic jerk jerky so jerk if you can't understand seven seventy nine man look at that what's the person doing uh... yeah is ready couple find for kissing in the in-je and the maybe the land of the comissue for the ancient previous on sex but publicist by so affectionately strictly taboo in the country's hinterlands as in his ready couple found out all they were doing was all they were fine five hundred in the in-ruppies that's eleven dollars u.s. each for embracing and kissing after getting married in a traditional Hindu ceremony in the northwestern indian town of push car or said pushkey ever have a pushkey pushcart the agent a that's what a pushkey is the agent age newspaper reported yesterday the Israeli embassy in the dilly confirmed the incident identified a couple is a long orpads and tahila salive who decided to get married while visiting inje the embassy not provided official details but they said they were circumspect the agent a that's a priest at pushcar's broma temple were so incensed when the couple smooched his hands were still being chented that they found a police complaint all my god accorded push card and charged them with indiesancy in order to pay the final phase ten jays and days in prison the news paper said a couple decided to pay the final high table without their unsure we will not tolerate any cultural pollution of this sort that is paper quoted priest ladoor arm Sharma saying ram allowed a ding dong or should i say ding dong sorry the agent a reported that the priest played a west government required tourists to be appropriately dressed when visiting the holy town in its temples push car located in the banks of push car lake is a popular Hindu pilgrimage by the salsa frequented by foreign tourists who come in for the towns and he will cattle fair and camel races oh god to see all the camel jockey is of course but also talk about the race track please all right cut it out from tv and she said that people first city single well look at that the vice president made a cameo press this did they're changing with his new one knee that's a little what do you have like a thing hit a thing in his knee did he yeah a plate was called a rectum seven hundred ninety one we're gonna have eight hundred when we come back after the break and this is just i'm a saying our goal today is what 45-50 thousand i think we can make eleven hundred by two o'clock you can do it huh do it i understand of those people every day when i do this they say why does he keep doing that what difference is it it doesn't make a hell's been worth a difference it's just fun that's all it's something to do is go like you have goals go all of us as far to win the a lot of weeks so we can come in one day or call in and just say hey Greg blow it out your ass you know that that's our ultimate fantasy is being able to do that wouldn't like you know 15-20-30 million but third man and a lot of we just say hey guess what a bye-bye and blow it out your ass something like that god would that give me sexual assignment to say that to send them a telegram just send them a letter in a bottle just to get like Ontario and float it down this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight six we'll are American a whole we serve you Mr. National Anthem improviser you feel the need to put your own special stamp on the star's fangled banner even though the composers got it right the first time the crowd wants to sing along but they can't because it's impossible to figure out where they're held you're going with the next verse the members of each team just want to play ball but the game is delayed because you've stretched the song for its normal minute 20 japan minutes and change American I don't thought you stung to that's why William Hong has a record deal and a tour and you're singing for the east part done prairie chicken so he's a few Mr. National Anthem improviser you're eight by ten glossy photo your girth and your fling day real American it's a twenty two and eight hundred twenty one votes are all about things that they don't like me talking about as is like almost anything that's right eight twenty one and exciting the throat little the aspect of it when I sat down here the republican chairman of the stage of the show committee accused the Pentagon today of stonewalling an inquiry to claims that the US military identified four nine eleven hard-practice more than a year before the two thousand one attacks they're still all in baby the defense department barred several witnesses from testifying at a judiciary committee hearing instead said a top level official can provide little information on how federally the intelligence uncovered by a secret military code team named able danger probably said able as a member of that team that alerts to me like it may be obstruction of the committee's activity something will have to determine say the panel's chairman senator arlan bush inspector of Pennsylvania spectator also complained that the Pentagon delivered hundreds of pages of documentary to able danger late on the evening giving his committee staff no time to review the material the american people are entitled to some answers spectably send some matter of attaching blame it's a matter of correcting errors of that we don't have a repetition of nine eleven and there's your president go but a bit but a bit of command control yeah see there he is your present defense secretary hairmongering rumswell says the Pentagon considered able to do to be a classified matter and declined to participate when the judiciary committee chose to hold an open hearing we have to obey a way laws with respect to security classification hearing total reporters witnesses far from testifying included military intelligence officers an aimless involved in able danger a now the front operation and use powerful computers to shift through public data in search of intelligence clues people involved the operation said that able danger identified nine eleven ringleader my hammer off time three other hijackers as being members of an alkyt cell and the early months of the year two thousand but one army official lieutenant Colonel Anthony shayford is also said public good able danger members tried to pass the information long be happy i three times in September 2000 but were forced by Pentagon lawyers to cancel the meetings much of the information related we will they would destroy like this in 2000 the old shredder man get out the old nixon shredder the shredd man why do so many people eat shredded we don't under i get a see there he goes with that food talk again i never really was that crazy about shred we were you well if it the the frosted stuff is all right i'm just talking about plain old erad we it's a like eating grass yeah you who here's the fact that says i hate to have anybody's hospital in a way by her came but if it's gonna happen i really like that old fag hangs barra bushes has to be blown away so we can see in the afternoon for good reason yeah what are what she's gonna be saying about those people in Crawford when they have to move like to uh... why only or somewhere about how much better off they are not because there were bunch of slupper's in the first place bunch of old cowboys it says hey George i love my mvl but isn't amazing how many right wing nut shops hang out there and other clubs like that trapeze really yeah that affect that what a chocolate point what a shock not hypocrites in fact the right wingers i'm alive always told you that they got the more skeletons in her closet than at the mortuary it's just unbelievable one cent already that i think we're gonna go to the park mind just take pictures of all the cars with a little fish in the back hypocritical mfs it says okay mfs so how do you like that right wingers at uh... newty joins five six seven oh five sixty pound five six and it would kind of like being a game to who we're in the that crowd we know they was never doing like that not if they were women involved to a and hello hey new i do it pretty good pan George too yo yo i don't think it's uh... should be surprised is able danger craps coming out now because now that the president's raising the tank they're going to bring us out and try and tie clinton this it this is all the democrats you know i was on your own website the night i call it the thing with the encoled putting a foot in the office of the president's a beautiful family of the i was surprised that guy didn't put his foot up her behind actually she saw the i'll see the he'd have been that and i wonder you know talking about movies i don't want to upset the sky but have any further up the gay cowboy movie that's coming out yes it's getting very good buzzings being can talk about it in the Oscar also i saw some discussion about that i figure where a couple days ago either we're talking about how tastily it's not if i use that expression yeah i guess that'll have the right where there's a rate of the uh... yeah there ain't no gay cowboys we know better now i'm just one i wonder and we also know the al-right side several yeah um... you know they're always claiming that these storms are god taken you know yeah that's right and if god goes right in there through a wakeo and wacko and right into crawford what does that tell us uh i don't want to pay robber to look at us on he's going to be singing about that i'm gonna get all considered the fact maybe god is taking refuge because we've become a bunch of fascist right wing lunatics and god ain't too happy about i'm gonna tell you that right now mister i agree and you know who i'm sure i'm a good day you tell i good day gathering that information uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... oh he's in the old alpharine no human thing again but that's these on this smirking simpharine again i's gone there jargey hey how does it drink yeah sure hope i didn't show that story i want to always printed out again i want to do that one again do it from the inquire about bush drinking again i mean you know i think the the the apologies don't ever believe anything you say anyway because he could come and take a dump on her head and they say oh but at sure smells good do it again you know and there's nothing you can tell those people they just oblivious during denial i like to prefer example what are quizling what you're like just kill him you know what uh... just go ahead with that just go ahead and do it i think i uh... smith came that story but i'll i'll uh... there's the one we could equal five dollar gas thank you mister president for those low gas prices meant you are the uh... uh... uh... you're the uh... messiah you're the one we've been looking for you are the one like the voogs said member the voogs there goes that i'm using it changes just in back there like kind of pick it is no silver slice and the extent of those obligations now five six seven five sixty pound five let's get a lot of calls in here today okay because we don't want to get McGill all upset with his stupid stories all i got that one about the bilingual message in the early times which is kind of like the reverse value here you'll see but it's your face writing with florida and the fact that just about all the angles hate the cubans and the cubans hate the rickens and the mexicans are can't get along with anybody because uh... whatever there's cotton picking or is that great picking w q a m hello i got a real quick human story for me yeah go ahead yeah listen i just have back from his shipy i took about three thousand pounds of uh... there can't surprise out there i read across the uh... the uh... the distribution center uh... he had materials a supply stacked up like a super war more you just would not believe it yeah and uh... as i was writing about it a huge sign on front of says where was the fire flux uh... i'm probably miss the senate's an outspitting i just i i took out pictures of the trip out of the night and i was so done so i'm a solid side of the set of the picture yeah when you can be done sure that bush and could love to happen in Texas this time that's his crowd there you can be sure that these people are going to get whatever they want to be so touch the touch of the four of the time they did sir yeah as long as we got a bush to burning bush uh... good job pali thanks a lot eight thirty eight we're going to be over uh... we might be over nine her voice by one clock and what do you think of that mister hot shot we will are uh... we will eight thirty and eventually i refresh that baby it's uh... eight forty three they're coming in and charge today in an amazing that's probably because they saw they found out the president was ricken again and again real nervous because they realize he's got his thumb right on it and a button two of all the things that nealtalks about which is the least interesting to which one just sends you make you do uh... wild piles eight hundred and forty three votes hockey two thirty these people don't want any hockey talk so cut it out yelling mister hockey voice the track one sixty four gays stuff sixty two whatever the factory okay we want some hetero crap gave that's what was trying to drink them's not tomorrow you'll see it's more i'll mostly George because this one's got uh... junio logist and so it's going to go through the roof all those young punks you know once i'm head around and talk about uh... boobs most seventy three speaking of that diatok sixty nine the stock market fifty three inside radio stuff thirty seven those bedtime stories thirty five still four point one percent the same crowd the same party poopers politics twenty eight and stood in twenty two religion twenty two illiterate about the old church in the red light district and umstit on health problems ten music and movies only seven piece and food only two four thought i think we don't make me a block was just never that it is your ROI this is bbay sixty two you all or she or Stops the people in the astrid don't like cats old While half the national guard was in Iraq He cuts funding for their levies Looters called Saint-Manardine In a room that we made a bigger deal Inserts were narrowly hallway One white girl we trained a late A meveness for help from the Navy seems George Bush was the case in the Indian Crawford You felt I'd guess it's here though Be no money grump Girls don't wild needs The city of New Orleans For the half to seven they fell Who to fron with money seven a lot Look at that now Do you see that the last thing we watched in CNN and they certainly not news network I have State line here Best estimate for lamp ball is going to be early in the morning I think that's there I feel like it's coming right back We're used to it and we're going to look for a close-up That right through a wacko and right through a Crawford Okay Huh? You see that? Right in the Crawford text Wow And the other thing that wanted to is If you saw that big red-bed the upper blob there and the outer bands It is headed I mean it's terrifying to save it It's headed directly toward New Orleans In it? I mean it is right now If it would bring back that picture again The hurricane Really in a circle spinning And she's spinning it like a dravel Man They're going to have some heavy heavy to these storm surge there And so the governor again Kathleen Backster Bernie Schwartz Builderberger she says everybody out A bonding will message for Mizzenifold This is a column in the LA times By Andres Martinez The Cering Spanish make you twitchy Maybe California this isn't the place for you You could certainly substitute the word Florida Am I right? Absolutely So much for Santa Monica being ground zero for tolerance and progressive is a rights Andres Originally at a whole foods market It's also partially a beacon of touchy feedliness Women accused my son Sebastian's babysitter for speaking to him in Spanish Oh, great Sebastian all of 11 months old was buying some fruit bearing offered for tasting So Ursula and Stem Canis Probar That's when this perfect stranger let's call her Mizzenifold Swipped into it part her hateful ignorance You shouldn't speak Spanish to that child She said I'm sure that's not what the parents want Canis Probar How about Beckham? Oh stop She is sure is she such breathtaking impudence If only I'd been there to give them a piece of my mind Says I'm place It isn't just that the father of this blonde child happens to be a blonde half Mexican Or my sister's fishing that knows he missed xenophobic I'm not reminded so much if Ursula had been speaking to Sebastian and Swedish or German What's most is heartening about the incident How mainstream this woman views our about the undesirable American kids learning a foreign language This isn't a play for immigrants to go about their business exclusive They're in the native language I'm not somebody who believes they can be a full member of the American community without speaking English Let me say it again You can't be a full member of the American community without speaking English Which is why I have crumbs about open-ended bilingual education says on-grace I wonder if on-grace is related to on-grace candor But if it's important for immigrants to learn English order with similar and worse societies Equally important for all Americans regardless of their ethnicity To be exposed to foreign languages in order with similar in the broader world And if people like Mizzenifold think a blonde child's command of English Will naturally suffer if he's exposed to a second language The underestimate the next 30 of a child's mind in human intelligence I was raised on-grace said speaking both English and Spanish And I sound like what I am a native speaker of both This is no reflection of my abilities It's a matter of when I was exposed to languages It wasn't until I studied French and Russian later on that I realized what a gift it was To have been exposed to two languages in such an early age Go to a country such as the needle-ons and you encounter an entire population that seems bilingual If I'm not trialing, it's rather humbling All speaking in English in needle-ons Unless there would be a number of hundreds As a matter of fact the people in business there they speak all much languages It's kind of a shocking But anyway such as the distance before languages in this country many second generation Americans feel compelled to drop their ancestral language When I first came to the US as a student I was stunned to discover that some of my Mexican American classmates spoke to a Spanish In some cases presumably because of a defensiveness beaten into them by societal pressures They seem to resent my expectation that they would Just like George who's Spanish is really lame and he admits it How about taking a refresher course? Nothing Go to a temperpans of the good Within the US only Utah seems to sufficiently appreciate the need to encourage multi-lingualism among native board kids And that has something to do with the Mormon churches need for missionaries They like that missionary position in Utah Utah starts kids in a second language early makes them stick with it Many American schools start just about the time the kids lose their ability to ever lose their pick them up Still it's a good thing that they elied unify district recently moved to stiff and high school foreign language requirements Not so good as they politically correct trend at some colleges to consider sign language a foreign language Ah, no Miss Missy in the clubs reaction to Ursula speaking to Sebastian in Spanish is almost comical given his heritage Instead of being outraged she should have been particularly pleased as he's someone she believed not to be Latino learning Spanish The notion that it's somehow unpaid for you out of to encourage blind toddlers in Santa Monica to speak a second language It's not only a narrow-minded and provincial it is itself unpatriotic the United States not unlike the Mormon church As a strategic need for multilingual citizens the nations need is a matter of economic competitiveness and national security We understand this is a society in moments of crisis after the Soviet-Slawn Sputniks say or when Washington realized that had a shortage of Arabic translate Isn't the aftermath of 911 but we do a little about a day in and day out my last message to Missy in a fob if the sound of foreign languages and culture diversity makes you so twitchy Maybe California is not the place for you and having you noticed that your city's name is in Spanish Oh How do you like that What do you say when you're actually asking I thought it was rhetorical oh, it's yeah, you're right. It's works here everywhere I wish I could you know speak Spanish with the kids, but I don't you better not you better not Mr. cuz then all those good old boys have turned on your ass I'll give buddies out there to swing clubs man are gonna turn on your ass I'm looking at that story You should be ethnic breakdown of Miami velvet just the name one of them. Yeah, are you standing in with that perversion? Yes, good. I can't find that story about this place. This joint to their school. They treated it with swing club I want to make sure I got that. Oh, here it is. I got it. Leave it to me. See that's why it's always good to keep your pile How come I didn't cross the second break. I did do it tonight. Yeah, but you never know when you get to be 110 years old like I am when you get to be as people old Coot 882 were gonna have over nine her votes by one o'clock Josh is just peeing in his pants. He needs to depends. You can't believe it And you want to know what inspired them what your great critique on the movie network in the end of school converted to swingers club Muncie in the Anna oh, man, maybe you go up there and check it out but don't Residents of a southwest Muncie neighborhood thought 110 year old former school with purple doors have been vacant these past 14 months So neighbors were surprised to find out that the building which was last used in the vingo hall is home to one of indiannes seven swinger clubs They're swinging it. I thought it was empty to tell you the truth Mary Neel who rents a house across the club told us to our press That shocks me. I'm just floored there are a lot of kids that walk around here Swinging involves having social and sexual intercourse with someone other than a spouse book and a girlfriend of primarily involves couples Oh, this is story from the Boston globe And you know everything's been banned in Boston those Puritans are still hanging around. Definitely explain it Locally legislators are probably to shut down the 1700 square foot club laden Ah Sank will bring crime into the community and neighbors in city officials are debating whether the residential area is the platform all-cation for a private club Marda Monty and under she's painted John Lody from a nasal park Maertor Mutey director, the city county town commissions said club laden could violate zoning rules for a A woman who identified herself as manager refused to give her name called a and peed that the club and its members were discreet and had received no complaints from neighbors. The club is open two days week has pool tables, a dance floor, a six person hot tub, a multiple shower and sensual design theme rooms, which was played with website. Club laden is open Friday and Saturday nights and advises members to bring their own alcohol and contraception to cover by cheats, bathrooms and locker rooms. An annual membership cost 25 bucks for couples in single men and 20 bucks for single women. Members must have been not so bad enough if I others are their students' exactor club without permission. That's why I was a bad idea when the class of I was taking Bob Green was swing club. I was, what was the one that started talking about? I was trying to like to envision that in my mind. I just somehow, I don't know. Because I really don't think Bob ever really had a f***. I could be wrong about that. I don't think he's going. Well, no contact. Oh actually you saw it huh? No. 184 votes. And then you found out he really was Jewish. He just said no what you told me. I don't. Look how that. Bob Green. I was thinking about the other day about the really good people I worked for at business like Dick Casper and Jerry Lawrence and Gary Lawrence and Dick Casper. 1885 votes on air. How is music doing? It's got only nine. I'm shocked at that because they always see the people I hate my music. They're gone. The people I hate the bedtime stories they're gone. I think these last three years we've been flondering. Based on what that guy said before. You know, time to go. Yeah, we're trading for week. Yeah, we're pretty weak. Wait till the marred that trend comes out and then George has to like tone for it. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. What? What? What? What? What? What? Turning up on the next. How Franken-chall. With powerful voices such as mine. O'Priny gets the specialcy,ocracy. Ah. You're in very, very soft hands. It's up who who is this? Oh yes, yes, Chuck Mangione. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la I've heard very little of this song when I came out. But the bad thing then I was puddleed in my writers, cubicle, and I said oh John, that time they used to sneak up behind me and give me a karate chop, wetting. Oh, that's homie. He was a caution. Ah, so, uh, yes, of course, back to the problem. Um, joining us on the owl Franken shown, uh, will be Tom Olifand's, and some friends calling in with hilarious set-up calls. Chia-chia, not to mention, uh, many very strong breaks. I'll be cause, uh, you see. I-he-he-he. Nine hundred and two votes on the poll. He just vanished, uh, he just disappeared. Maybe Katherine, uh, swooped him out of there. Katherine, I am for. I never heard her. Oh, you're lucky. Yeah. Nine hundred and two votes already, man. It is just shocking what's going on this poll today. And the food is on the bottom. Five votes. Movies eight, musical, and nine. See, they don't mind those things. Uh, it's finally, uh, rumors that some people try to start. How can we ever talk about that jet-blue thing yet? Okay. Talk about it. Everybody's seen it. Yeah. And the fans are thinking we're able to watch those little TVs on air until, uh, until shortly before landing. Uh, they thought they were going to watch their own demise. The yearliner circled Southern California for hours, crippled by a faulty landing. You're well inside its cabin. 140 passengers watched their own life and death drum on folding on live TV. While satellite TV sets aboard JetBlue Flight 292 were turned to news broadcast, some passengers cried. Others tried to telephone relatives and one woman said a text message to her mother and Florida, Tim McCumber, and the event she died. That was the Lisa Schiff who sent a text message to her mother and Miami. It was very weird it would have been so much com or without the television's P. of armor of L.A. said after the plane skated with safe landing last night. The steam was sparks and burning tires. Nobody would hurt. It was an accident but nobody got hurt. The varm of 23 and other passenger said the plane's monitor is carried live. Direct TV broadcast on the plane's problems until just a few minutes before landing at L.A. X. The landing your travel, the front wheels were stuck in the sideways. Physician was discovered almost immediately after the plane departed by the home airport in Burbank at 317. I moved to New York. The air bus between 20 surf from the lawn and beach airport about 30 miles. Stop turning me! South of Burbank, before being cleared to land at L.A. It stayed in flight for three hours to burn off. Fuel said F.A. spokesman Don Walker. Zachary Mascoun of New York said it was surreal to watch his plane's faping discussed on live TV while it was in the air. At one point he said he tried to call his family with a cell phone call when go through. I wonder how my dad and tell him I'm alive so far. The 27 year old musician said. The pilot finally brought the plane down. Back wheels first. As he slowly left, I would hope back wheels first when you. Yeah. As he slowly lowered the nose gear, the stuck wheels erupted in smoke and flames which quickly burned out. I'm trying to think of a landing where you have the... Well, what any? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I've had some bad landings, but never the nose gear going down first. But nevertheless, at the end it was the worst because you didn't know if it was going to work if it would catch fire was very scary. Grown men were crying so Diana Hamilton 32 a TV graphics specialist. As the plane was about to touch ground Hamilton said crewman was ordered people to assume a crash position, putting their heads between their knees. They're all knees that is. They would yell, brace, brace, brace, you said. I thought this would be it. Emergency crews from across the air met the plan on the runway. We expect hiters gathered on buildings instead of parked cars to see firsthand his passengers walked on a stairway out of the tarmac with their carry on luggage. Some passenger shook hands with emergency workers and weaved the cameras. One fire fired a carrying a boy across the tarmac, put his helmet to the child's chest. We all cheered I was bawling I cried so much so Christine Lund 25 was traveling with her cat. George cries a lot too because he hasn't been bawling so much. But anyway, it's as facts from Edinburgh, Lauderdale, more panty fun it says. Man accused of hanging panties on cars at park. And by the way, I did the print out that bush thanks for reminding me about printing out the bush or the bruises of crisis again. Yeah, so I can read it again in the last hour. Not that I want to pile on. Oh, yes I do. Yes, I do. A Wisconsin man upset with the Warsaw Parks Department's fund on usual way to retaliate in Warsaw, Wisconsin. Police said the man repeatedly hung women's underwear on department vehicles while they were parked for the night. They said he struck 30 to 50 times saying, Bras and panties are very assizes on cars. Police said he admitted doing it after being caught on videotape. He told investigators he was upset with the parks department because an employed cutting grass at a park would blow grass on a while. He said an A gazebo. Police referred the case to the DA's office recommended he be charged with. This is what it's called. Enough of the blow and already if there was constant, okay? Critics, speaking of that, predict Katrina Whitewash. Oh, you feel believe that. It must be a little bit less than that. Left wing spin mice to propaganda. US President George W. Bush's appointment in his own home and security device. He had a White House investigation of what went wrong with the government's Katrina response and how to fix it. He's being greeted with some skepticism by emergency preparedness and response experts. What a shock. These authorities, many of whom spoke to IPS on condition of end of that's interpreservation or is on condition of end of the nmd. Pulling out that the president's advisor Francis Townsend has little experience in emergency preparedness and response. She's a former prosecutor's recent background is interrismulated intelligence. They also expressed stuff that anybody in the executive branch of government, corporate is an objective assessment of itself. It's kind of like the fox investigating the chicken coop. The idea that anyone in White House, my producer report that inverses the president or holds people accountable is just naive. One source told IPS. Dr. Jack Burman, a former asses in Secretary of Commerce and interview that the only self-incriminating investigation that's considered valid as a plea of guilty as charged, since that will not be said, consuming the Katrina debacle, the proposed process becomes a white wash, released a light gray wash, and will not be seen as credible. It is a waste of time and money when attention should be paid how to rectify such in components which requires an independent assessment permit be seen. But towns that a Republican who's gained a reputation as a tough-by-to-care official might just compound or critics. We doubt it, but she might. She currently shares the Homeland Security Council reports to the president or Homeland Security policy and matters relating to combating terrorism. She came from the White House to the White House in the US Coast Guard, where she served as an assistant commander, Tom and Doug for Intos. It goes out about Brownie Brown and Bobby Brown. I think we'd like Bobby Brown, Lepard and Brownie Brown. No question. And spite of that stendol. Yeah, speaking to Brown, all these studies, where there's a money coming, who are these people that waste their tendur, all these studies? Men are dirtier than women. So scientists can firm by spying in public restrooms, watching as a quartermen left without washing their hands. The worst offenders were in Atlanta Braves baseball game. Well, I'd say here is, in contrast, 90% of the women did wash up. Wednesday's results marked the American Society of Microbiology's latest look at how many people take what's considered a single easiest step to sting healthy, spending 20 seconds rubbing with soap out of the faucet, under the furer faucet. Let me say it again, when you go into take a one, I say, in Uno, others, if you're going to wash it all wash first before you touch your goods. Those of you who come out who washed after taking Uno, there's something wrong with that. Unless you got a real dirty shit, say, you don't agree with that, dear. I, we had the discussion. Many times, I just always stand there. Of course, if you do the old doze, well, it explains that's a George's language, or an ace doze trace. What do you do after you do a trace? A quiet. It also explains why these infection experts tend to use paper towels to open bathroom doors. There's no telling what germs are the person before you left on the knob. Oh, we sent the seat. What kind of germs are on your knob? Especially at the bath house. Oh, God. It's a gamble said, microbiome is a duty daily of primary children's medical syndrome in Salt Lake City. Back in 1960, society first had an out-of-and-people follow moms advice to always wash up after using the turlet. Researchers, language and public restrooms. Oh, yeah, researchers, my ass. Putting on makeup or combing their hair while served, statistically counting, they concluded that about third of people did not wash. Let me tell you about those people who hang around in public restrooms. This is real rubbish. This is 5.16. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. I'm curious about one thing. When Grandpa Moore was doing these shows from New York, do we have any idea where he's broadcasting from? No idea. Well, let's find out. Let's get the put-on in the agenda for tomorrow. I'll do that. 931 votes and we still got an hour to go. What is this really shocking? What's going on with these polls? Who says we go to good poll? This just in the Senate Judiciary Committee, endorsed John Roberts to be chief justice of the U.S. today? What a surprise. With three Democrats during majority Republicans in the United nomination of full Senate for confirmation. They said they really enjoyed his performance filling in now and then on the CBS-EV news. The Committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the Conservative Judination 17 Chief Justice. Senators heard cool and rust fine gold over Wisconsin during the committee's ranking. Democrats Patrick Leah Vermont and crossing party lines to support Roberts. Explaining his support, Coles and Roberts made a clear to him that he'll be a modest judge, not a activist and will approach arguments with an open mind. This is not an easy decision, but I think it's the correct one added fine gold. Democrats dying fine-stine not to be confused with fine gold or fine steam or fine bird or fine fine fine fine Joe Biden had Kennedy texture or and Dick Durbin voted against Roberts they voted the old fine sign of California told a packed in a sheer committee hearing room that a vote was decided after Roberts refused to fully answer questions for her other Democrats in this confirmation hearing last week. I know as little about what George Roberts really thought about issues after the hearing decided before the hearing this makes it very hard for me said fine sign and abortion rights supporter. I cannot in good conscience can't say yay votes he said I will can't say law about Biden who's just Biden is time Democrat a Delaware city made a mistake in voting to confirm Justice Antonin Scalia who will vote an answering question of this confirmation hearing and won't vote for Roberts either all the committees tend Republicans voted to confirm the nominee what a surprise would send her or in hatch calling him the best nominees ever seen I can tell he's as good as it gets had said and here my hearing probably would agree I'll say 17 foot see wall likely to be tied to which remorning for that. All right David Madeline there by the 17 foot see wall in Galveston when he was second with you David me while we want to take you straight to a news conference is happening right now the governor whether it's governor or a bomb like him. That's a by chance must evacuate and you should be leaving now. Off a lot of evacuated we go and on down there you know and a lot of it in the water and play that sound effect. Okay. Yeah we can't get Joyce for that one yet yet nine hundred and thirty nine votes on the poll aspect tech at a reason where we spawns I think I we hit the mother load as Diana Parkinson said and network I'm sure Josh was sleeping to that part. Yeah right about there are the young that Atlanta and she throws the phone up here I think was she struck the mother load she was she was so good fade down away nine hundred and forty vote you like fade that away I did yeah but Josh is such a fade down away phase that her mounted on the fireplace. Oh picture. Taki 255 the track hundreds of all the things Neil talks about the least interesting view hockey 255 forget about hockey okay we loved up to the tanks but don't talk about them. The track 176 gased up ninety no more no more this factory okay I'm Mr. Macho from this day forward okay I'm gonna butcher up instead of fade away and I'm gonna be more like a Marion Wayne. Mo 84 don't be talking about mo we're just sick and you know something they got tired of it about same time I did burn out all of that that was great yeah I loved it. Diet talk 79 no more diets let's just eat get fat and die okay. Oh I never got to put on my bra worse don't let me forget about according to two stick it on there on my flavor wave. The stock market 56 as in how many dollars you got left after your investment 56 bucks just like 256 inside radio stuff only 42 see the lower these numbers get that means it's the more interest to they are. You following that right? Those bedtime stories only 40 that's 4.2 percent. It's the same 4 percent all the way through. Oh wait hey you know the time jick or crap. Well turn out something else get lost because it's not gonna stop I'm gonna continue I'm gonna continue doing what I like doing I'm doing the arrogate show and if anybody I'll don't like it hey see that's always been my attitude is opposed to you know I'm taking this poll because it's a poll because we got it not because I'm looking through all I like I said the top two or three there obviously I'm not a fool not a total fool. Well politics look how many politics got only 30 30 votes they want to hear it they want to hear that bush bashing they want to hear the truth they want to hear it's it in fact I got Bob Herbert voters we more so I'm bush I got that here in a second. I got the gate couples protests well we better not read that one it's got a story that I'd have to bury that one. Amsterdam only 25 and religion 25 how about religion Amsterdam always churches one thing about Europe man they got it was big massive churches there every city's got a dome a duomo a dome a deliways health problems 14 music only 12 solument they don't say very good oh you're gonna get that lady upset that's uh Zee Bob movies a season California with Arnold and food only six so music movies and food that's the show there it is and maybe wants a wild religion Amsterdam praying uh getting on your knees and hamster and praying or whatever nine hundred and fifty votes I am so I just came beginning to describe it like human hungry with them please this punch in Judy Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times says voters be more so on bush and don't let me forget about bush's booze crisis again I don't think I well well what's the great well we destroy more than once during the show that's bad that's really bad no we don't we don't have people listening all four hours and such as shocking innocent in the inquiries so it actually might be true as opposed to like if it was in the local fish rappers or like if I what about the thing with a Palm Beach posted we checked that thing out no no well Josh was all gone whole there above me oh we get the Palm Beach post a little bit right here might have that you have it now we don't but I know that Howard's broadcasting from WFA and studio from the fan art hall hanging out with I wow he's hanging out with who I'm isn't I'm just on this thing hang out with I'm as well as a couple of dottering old cons but you see there you go again you start to meet him and mobile so don't go no no no no you crusty old could he's at the fan I'm under a lot of time is not any gum over form maybe just maybe Bob Herbert writes the public is beginning to see through the toxic fog of fantasy propaganda and deliverers representation that has been such a hallmark of the George W. Bush administration which is in danger being judged by history is one of the worst of all time Mr. Bush's approval ratings have tanked as increasing numbers of Americans worry that their president seems to like nothing better than running off of his ranch to clear a brush and write his bike may not be up to the job the most recent New York Times CBS news full strongly indicated that the public tired of the war without indina rack and is made by the federal responsibility catastrophe in the world has growing doubts about the president's capacity deal with pressing problems a USA today CNN Gallup poll found for the first time that a majority of Americans do not seem as to Bush as a strong decisive leader in an article in USA today Carol Dordy of the nonpartisan Pew Research Center said of Mr. Bush he's lost ground among independence he seems to be starting to lose ground among his own party and he lost the Democrats a long time ago reality is cabian on a president who has held a law for so long by a combination of ideological number jumbo the public relations led you to main of Carl Roe and the point patriotism that followed those nine eleven attacks the boys people were never big on reality so sooner or later they were bomb a blindsided by it sooner or later remember there was always a war going on when Katrina came to call I've always believed that war is a serious matter but the president was on vacation the cheney was on vacation and condy rice was here in New York taking in the sights and shopping for shoes that Americans were fighting in die on foreign soil was not enough to admit demand their full attention they were busy having fun so it's no wonder it took a good long while before they noticed that a whole sex of America and in wiped out in a calamity of biblical proportions but Americans are finally catching on it was the uttering confidence of this crowd and if we didn't know before we're learning now in a harshest possible ways then incompetence has bitter consequences as we'd Q.A.M. have learned the body kind of Americans killed in Iraq is now past 1900 with many more deaths to come but there's still no strategy no plan the White House hasn't got the slightest clue about what to do so the dying will continue mr. Bush's top gun moment of over the aircraft carrier ablinking was two and a half years ago another example of the president and fantasy land the war was a bot from the beginning mr. Bush never said enough troops to get the job done and he never provided enough armor to protect the troops that he did send since in the prison government of anybody where the timidiness of the jesse might be wrong about some of the decisions he was making here at home even loyal republicans are beginning to bail out on mr. Bush's finished willingness to shove the monumental cost of the federal government's operations including his war as tax cuts and his promised reconstruction to go up coast out of the unsuspecting facts of generations still to come there's a general sense now that things are falling apart the economy was already following before Katrina gas prices are starting to undermine the standard living of some americans and a full blown home heating law crisis could erupt as winner the administration's awful response to the agony of the Gulf coasts left the western Americans believing that we're not prepared to cope with the large terrorist attack and Osama is still at large this is what happens when voters choose a president because he seems like a nice guy if someone would be funded a barbecue or a ballgame you never use that criterion when choosing a surgeon or a pilot to fire your fan fan fly your family across the country mr. Bush will be at the helm of the ship of state for three more years so we have no choice but to hang on but the next time around voters need to keep in mind that beyond the incestion e-maring about left and right big government and small democrats and republicans is a more immediate issue and that's competence oh competence what's that you're pretty good question is we've been wondering a long time here at q a m all i will say the audio whilst been working all day let's hear it for engineering maybe they're the best one day in a row they are sensational one thirteen at five sixty w q a m o from the fan in the architecture of clock rampomo how did you sleep last night the recent national survey by the national sleep foundation fewer than half Americans reporting a good night sleep most nights and one of the primary reasons is because they don't have a comfortable supportive mattress like a great news Simmons vdr s queen set from our good friends at dialometres this Simmons vd ref features individually pocketed corals she won't feel your partner moving during the night now price it just five hundred ninety nine bucks this is for limited time only so pick up that phone call one eight hundred mattress right now and tell me what they're a neale deal that Simmons vdr s at just five ninety nine plus a portion of every dialometres purchases being donated to her king Katrina relief when you call one eight hundred mattress you still get same data every all across not for a virtual from the defensive license you still pick the data to our window for a little bit of your schedule and of course dialometres shows up on time almost every time ninety nine point seven percent of the time i've been using them for years and if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy you ought to be doing the same just pick up that thought and make that easy call or log on to mattress dot com give dialometres to call right now and have a great sleep tonight as soon as tonight I'd like to read new bed from dialometres one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred ma t t r a s leave out the last s because it stands for sensational stew pennus saving this is new Rogers this is five sixteen two eight thirty bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned I bet you're proud to second thoughts about taking it and the behind where was FEMA broken that is FEMA was in a wave inside FEMA even with morning the FEMA's boss was in bright when the storm was over water was everywhere but the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there baby FEMA nobody contacts they went to halibut and FEMA responsible quickly when it's rich people hurt and absolutely when it's rich people hurt and uh-huh uh-huh look at the uh-huh nice this infrared satellite image of uh-reader and uh-huh also just look at the new Orleans radar and they've already had some rain and go through there some blobs uh-huh you're just spattering off of those outer bands but the outer bands are getting really close already so I don't understand they just had a wrap-in for out there again mr. comah from the national hurricane center and he's a doing a you know but a beat but a group and he's talking about uh-huh Houston and this and add in the astros and other going when the uh-huh and in the meantime uh-huh we got bigger fish to fry right now because those outer bands we're talking tropical storm force winds and tons of rain and uh- those livis man are gonna be able to hold it which is why that the mayor of babbling a babbling uh-huh was on a before blanco what a perfect name for her by the way blanco as they're what she got between the ears blanco we know some people like that their management anyway those outer bands well yeah what do I know I'm not the normal weather guy okay and just take a look at it and don't uh look to inspiring wrong woman pays child support to Peterson mistress the former mistress of convicted murderer Scott Peterson is back in the spotlight after a DNA test show that her first child was not a masculine child owner first child was not father by the man who was paying child support their first child should be a masculine child remember that that was so great look well at least uh- Josh like godfather well who doesn't okay well now i i don't know we we tried that once a member George we did that quite well it wasn't well all right and in the can't find out that that we can get a sour pushes out there no matter what it is out godfather stock that was bad you know no matter what you like they don't like it there's always a few contrary ends out there that's their life just to be uh-nega Tory you could bring them like uh you know a banana split with uh- sprinkles on it i don't like that too much uh- vanilla in there which is true if you have a banana split don't have any vanilla ice girl oh where there he goes again with that see i'll talk about that all well how's food doing on a poll food is down under the bottom is it are they bottom feeding yeah food's on the bottom i'm 173 can i say yogurt where they have the trout on the bottom fruit on the bottom okay anyway Anthony florist 29's been paying fry 175 bucks a month or nearly four years is a turning gun Wilson said yesterday the father of the four year old is actually Fresno restaurant owner Christopher funch how do you like that he's a restaurant owner Christopher funch let's go for lunch what do you think he's gonna have to pay her up bunch funch no one answered the telephone had porcupies rib house yesterday and funch did not have a listed home number don't get porcupies about it now mr. funch Wilson said florist was returning to file a court motion seeking visitation rights which has been denied when the man received word last week he's not the child's father well he's your got around you know what what a lot yes he is fry's a turning Gloria all red said Wednesday they're kind never intended to see florist and bring good faith always believed that mr. florist with their child's father all red said oh yeah just like for cachy believes that's really uh uh cat what's your name's baby on uh guiding light what's your name Diane Diana nothing gonna be fine and get rid of Diana and the richards trying to do it you have any idea what i'm talking about see that's the part of the show that i enjoy it most fry a message therapist from Fresno was a Peterson's mistress when he killed his pregnant wife Lacey well was born oh we can't look at the missing chicken a roba and then of course they got somebody in a virginia some missing uh chick somewhere it's my favorite recipe what's a roba mmm so tired of that crap man just after you take care of Robert Greenberg take care of Rita cause before me please call up that Robertson and uh take him off for dinner and take him out as hurricane read it well why i don't have i better get to this bush thing and because otherwise I'll forget you know me i'll see no forget that bush thing this is breaking news it says from the national and choir did we put this on the website yet or not dry what's what's what's what's the headline what's the question which is booze crisis by Jennifer loose and don't gym tealers that gym tile i said to this morning so you probably didn't put it on there yeah should put if you put it on there now not that i want to put fresher on you but you better than we'll do it uh but i see take a look at those uh bands man look at that the rubber bands no seriously take a look at the bands of the hurricane those outer uh the big reds blobs huge loves and you know that they're very the uh bands whip up those winds those uh the storm surge is nasty is all hell they're just starting to lick in the oil and then you know oh my god and the leaves are going to be looking for their home and touch in someplace else i'll tell you that because it's uh i don't know why they're not talking more about that because that's some really nasty stuff and yeah it's not like you take them to right hit for them thank goodness for that it was lasting they need but nevertheless and anyway bush's booze crisis it'll be on the website today or else drash won't be in tomorrow uh faced with the biggest crisis of its political i present a bush that's hit the bottle again the national and choir can reveal i think i better do the break which will also give me kind of stick it on there right yes no because i don't want to eat all of us no no it's so i want to rush through and i want to read it very carefully i want to like it let everybody know that things are just fine okay oh we're fine people lying in a rack we got all these national emergencies horrendous weather we got global warming we got all kinds of people died all over the place we got five hour gal and gas potentially on the horizon we got wonderful stuff going on and your president when the tough gets go on the president gets the bottle when the going gets tough yeah i'm looking at those signs actually even look at the Florida there on the west coast i think Tampa may get uh obliterated but we might have some people listening in Tampa we're just kidding we don't like you very much but we you know we don't we like the people we just don't like the city how's that deadly doing in Tampa they still in business oh don't 20 six after one how many Jews in Tampa but 30 man 26 after one in five sixty wq and we got mole from my new yoke from the fan at the two grandpa mo here's your very last chance to save yourself thousands of a brand new Ford from Armstrong for the homestead they've always like i tell you every day treated everybody just like family and right now they would like to extend it off for you to join their family Ford National is extended their Ford family plan offered through September the 30th and right now as i speak at Armstrong for the homestead you can get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families begin not only do you get employee family pricing but you also get Armstrong for exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for a little time of the new car purchase you get a color TV free how could you possibly turn all of this down pick up that phone right now and call 305 24751 12 and ask for our buddy David rich you won't get a better deal on a Ford any place no bait and switch no phony deals in this fantastical offers available at Armstrong for the homestead where they always treat you like family Armstrong for the homestead located in u.s. one south list for your seven street just 20 minutes south of the 36th you won't get a better deal on a 48 price awesome time on town so why waste the time check them on the web Armstrong cars that come and then give David a call of 305 24751 12 have taken all about the Ford family plan grab just a few miles extra to save yourself thousands of dollars at Armstrong for the homestead this is a new Roger this is five sixty twoiron  andicer sites seenallasows I said that he was a trout star and he said, Tom, please tell me why don't they say, why so much? What's like he's carrying a phone and phone between a diamond-high? The diamond-high. The diamond-high. He said it means a small hug. As if he'd always been the star. He went away when she was caught. But her voice had caught me down with her. I really, really, really gave a short point. And said, push, not that bad, you know. But her voice, he'll be returned back. And felt that I felt like a star. And I felt that I felt like a star. But her voice, she said, well, now you're just going to be the star. And I'm not bad, I'm not bad. I'm not bad. I'm not bad. Well, that's what's going to be the thousandth. In fact, if I refer to it, I bet you've got like a thousand. I shouldn't have for anything now. Because the thousand, look at that. Isn't that great? It's wonderful. Now, we're not going to push it because they came through. Thanks to Josh Cortis for doing a great job getting that story under about bushes. And mainly, I'm thinking because, in the early, second, read it off of there as opposed to the teeny tiny print from the inquire of thing on there. If you could see some of these things that I read, you have to add them on Palomar telescope to print this whole time. You know, oh, how to get you some magnivision reading glass. No thanks. But before that, before the bush, you're a bad, well, bush stuff. Your fan asks Governor Bush. But everywhere you look, there's another bush. No comment. Governor Bush warns Hurricane Rita could set off a gas crisis and floored it. Oh, my God. And you like that. Not that we want you to get nervous, anything like that. Governor, you're a fan ask Governor Jim Bush. We're ready in this morning, conserve fuel as the monstrous Rita bears down on the Texas Gulf Coast and the hard donations oil industry. No need to panic raising like that, but, I wouldn't go out and get a bicycle just in case. And all likely, Hitler going to have significant shortages of gasoline and every day I would urge people to recognize this. Not to hoard, not to top off every tank that they have. Bush told reporters in Tallahassey. We have a plan and place that we're dealing with to bring supply back to our state. Thank you very much, your fat ask Governor for those low gas prices and your brother. less than four weeks ago, Hurricane Kewel, we know about that. Price is rose more than 40 cents almost overnight from Katrina, cars back 20 deep at a number of central Florida stations, some ran out altogether, and really could do even worse. Oh my God. The storm is heading toward an even larger part of our refined capacity than the War of Inzermissah Zimbe, Bushby said, that's your fat ass governor, Bush, not to be confused with his dumb ass brother. People need to recognize this is a national problem. This is not a state problem, Bush said, we all need to play our part. Meanwhile, Bush said that among the one point family in the evacuees are his parents. That's why I play that bit. His parents used to dress in a former president George Herbert Walker, Bush, and his wife, Barbara. Darop and Washington, Governor Bush said the fat ass governor, the house is all boarded up. All right, they're not going to stick around. They're not going to waste for the big blow. How come if it's not good enough for all those wonderful people or so much better off than them where we for? Well, I guess the Bush's will not be better all. I guess that's it, right. It would be really great not to have to evacuate. More than seven, most we much as do that, 1100. I don't know. This audience might come through for us. Anyway, here's that story. Bush's booze crisis. It's in the National Enquirer by Jennifer loose and Don Jim Teal. Faced with the biggest crisis of his political life president Bush has hit the bottle again, the National Enquirer Kim reveal. Bush who said he quit drinking the morning after his 40th birthday has started boozing him at the Katrina Katanstrophy. Family sources of told how the 59 year old president was caught by First Lady Laura, downing a shot of booze of their family ranch and Crawford Texas, when he learned that the hurricane disaster, his worried wife yelled at him, stop George following these shocking incident, this goes here for the first time. Laura privately warned her husband again, falling off the wagon and piloted travel with him more. So often that's he with more often so she can keep an eye on W. The sources add. When the Lemme's broke into Orleans, it apparently made him reach for a shot to one insider. He poured himself a Texasized shot of straight whiskey and tossed it back. The first lady was shocked and shouted, stop George. Laura gave an ultimatum before it's Jim Beam or me. She doesn't want to replay that nightmare, especially now when it says tough going for Hubby. Bush is out of the worst pressure of his two terms in office and his popularity is near an all time low as we know. How low can he go? The handling of the Katrina crisis and true losses in a rack if you're a public discontent and pushed Bush back to drink. A Washington source said the said fact is that he's been sneaking drinks for a week now, which now Laura may have only just caught him, but the word is his drink has been gone on for a while in the capital. He's been in a pressure cooker for months. The war in Iraq, the loss of American lives, has deeply affected him. He takes every soldier's life personally. It's left him emotionally drained. The result is he's taking drinks here and there and likely in private to cope. And now with the worst domestic crisis in his administration over Katrina, you pray is drinking those gluttony control. You pray and I'm on his surprise to hear that we hadn't taken a shot sooner before Katrina, he was at his with end. I've known him for years. He's been a good old Texas boy forever. George had a drinking problem for years that most professionals will say needed therapy. He doesn't believe in therapy, he never got it. He drank his way through his youth through college and well into his 30s. Everybody around him is drinking. Another source said, the family I'm going to told me they feared George is falling apart. The first lady's been assigned the job of a thing date keeper. Bush's history of drinking dates back to his youth, thinking of his time as young man in the national guard. He said, one thing I remember and I'm most proud of is my drinking and partying. Those were the days my friends, those were the good old days. At age 26 and 1972 he reportedly rounded off an ice boozing with a 16 year old brother Marvin by challenging his father to a fight. November 1, 2000, even his first presidential election, Bush acknowledged that in 76 he was erected for driving out of influence of booze to his parents home in Maine, age 30 at the time. Bush clearly guilty and paid $150 fine. He's driving privileges were temporarily suspended in Maine. I'm not proud of that. He said, I made some mistakes. I occasionally drank too much and I did that night. I learned my lesson. I'm not the interview with that time. He said, well, I don't think I had an addiction. It's hard for me to say, I've had friends who were very addicted and he required hitting bottom to start going to AA. I don't think I would that was my case. He had to go to AA, you know, which a not alcoholics anonymous, but a holes on anonymous. Where do they meet here? During in Crawford during his 2000 presidential campaign, there were also persistent questions about past cocaine use. Eventually, Bush denied using cocaine after 1992, then quickly extended the cocaine from period back to 74 when he was 28. Dr. Justin Franco, Washington DC, psychiatrist and author of Bush on the couch, inside mind of the president told the national inquire, I do think that Bush is drinking again. Alcoholics who are not in any program like the president have a hard time when stress gets to be too great. I think it's a concern he says that Bush disappears during times of stress. He spends so much time on its rant. It's very frightening. It's a good doctor. It says, how do you like that maple? From New York, was feeling and Georgia is losing while over. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. Dilkable, and they don't come any better than Todd Keller. New, the WB from the creators of Supernatural, Pamela Anderson stars in Super, but not natural. Why those things here? I don't know that's a thing. I'm really excited, but always wanted to have my breakfast and national television to listen to it. On the David Hill show with the day time, I'm really excited. I could go, cutting drop, body brand on you, just to keep under wraps. Like if we use it to make a water landing, just huge exploitation devices has to attack. Super, but not natural. I'm getting big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big films in Silicon Valley. It's dying this year when you're giant, you lose. I'm not a hard batch, I'm not a hard batch. 145. So anyway, this is pretty interesting, missing from my new times. I'm not going to read it, but about WFTLA-50 was once and always is a local talk. Now it's just another haven for hate rights, Bob Norman, whoever that is. And of course Norman, Elliot, can't eat no longer on there, on E50. Now let's see, isn't that the station where all, I hope that they really proud of their, a PD Lenny and Tommy Dennerberg and Bob Lysenberg. Is that the station where they're working now at 50? FTO? I don't know. I do believe. And now I've been only to have nothing but right wing of hate on there, all they need, reports and the Kelly Mitchell and this, of course Bill O'Reilly. And not to mention the worst of all, and Michael Savage, who got tossed off M.S.N.B.C. for calling a, for telling a caller that he was a side of might and should die of AIDS. Stuff like that. Anyway, the hard, cool. And my new times, pick it up. And read about what they've done, and that's how I've done this for, but they're up there right wing of hate. Sick, it's bigoted nasty hate, that's 850 on the dial. Hope that all their sponsors are real proud of the crap that they're putting on, dig it between a hate, 24 or 790, and 50, that's how desperate they are to try to find an audience, lovely. Well, work for Fox, I guess they might figure worse for them. Finally, now, finally, and I do mean finally, they get into it. New Orleans rain raises new funding fears. Haven't I been taught, squawk it about that all day, since like nine this morning? Yes. Since before the show went on, we were talking about this. We were confabulating. Outer bands have ran from Hurricane Weedy began falling into Orleans to in four cast of between three and five inches of rainfall in the coming days. Race fears that the patched levee system could fail and flood the city all over again. A direct hit from Weedy was still unlikely. And by the way, Hurricane I was category four. It's not 150 mile a hour, one's down to a cat four. But still, keep in mind what Katrina came on, sure, was a cat four. But anyway, the storm veered on more notably cores toward a Saturday landfall in Texas that put to Orleans on the eastern edge of tropical storm warning. Read his reigns and predict the three to four foot storm search could bring to Orleans dangerous lake close to predictions that the fractured levees can handle only up to six inches of rain and the storm surge of 10 to 12 feet. And they're saying didn't Mayor Bonehead didn't she say like 20 foot search, they're looking for? They're both. Right now it's a wait and see and hope for the best at Army Corps of Engineers spokesman Mitch Fraser. The end of the new forecast brought renewed urgency to ensure our levees would sandbags and bring in more portable pumps. Maybe the one at the judge was using none of the, as robs they can bring that one in. Slightly used. Yeah. Today's showers with the first measurable rainfall in New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina's August 29th landfall broke the levees in several places and flood an 80% of the city. Only spotty showers of falling in mid-morning. But forecast you said there could be brief periods of heavy downpours as Rita's outer squad bands move through, which is what I've been saying all freaking day and later I know nothing. But unless you're deaf dumb and blind, you can see it. Fraser said the biggest concern was the storm surge, which the National Hurricane Center will be three to four feet above normal and parts of Louisiana. Mississippi effected by Katrina. But a slight turn could increase that dramatically. A title surge of 15 to 20 feet was expected from Corpus Christi, Texas, a Christi, Texas. This South Central Louisiana. Is that akin to like Luke Christie? And no doubt. Lightning strikes. Oh, when you're leasing over. Oh boy. I can't even hear say a 10 to 12 foot surge was required to overtake the levees at 17th Street and London Canal in New Orleans. But a neighboring St. Bernard Paris, a surge of five to six feet, was all that was needed to swamp the area again. If the levees fail again, the areas of New Orleans that are most likely to flood over the same neighborhoods that they did by Katrina, many of which have been drive for less than a week. It's a quick fast rain and we'll see localized flooding for you just said there is no doubt about that. The process of getting the water from Katrina was nearly complete with only about 10% of the city still flooded. And of course, confident it will be able to quickly pump it out again. All this other stuff is materialized, Pronto. Searchers continue looking for bodies in homes that have been locked or submerged under Katrina's highest floodwater. It's pushing the overall body count packed of 1,000. That's all in Louisiana still is 799, increase of 153 since the weekend, nearly 80% of the 136 deaths attributed to Katrina across the Gulf Co. 3 in our in Louisiana. Officials said the body search could last another 46 weeks and could yield many more dead. There still could be quite a few especially in the deepest blood area, a US coast guard captain, Jeff and Peter, some of the houses they had even looked in yet. Mark Hyman, a female field spokesman, said the searches will continue, but officials were keeping close eye on the weather. Special reconnaissance teams are looking for solid buildings and solid buildings, rock solid in such areas in case rescue we need to rush to higher ground. Don't know, but they sure haven't been talking about this very much, but like I said, you take a look at that and you say to yourself, oh my God. Oh boy, I'd bet in down the old hatches and hit for natches and get their lives out of there. Now, some of those stubborn, see, this is the thing, stubborn people that stay behind. I know we're supposed to be sympathetic for everybody and value human life. But if they have no value under all of whom, hone human life and then that's stupid, why don't we be all bent out of shape about it, right? They had that going on during Mount St. Helen's. Remember there were people that wouldn't go in the eye and they'd be able to stand the people that are disabled and people have, but this time they're getting everybody out right away so that we don't have that embarrassing disaster again, but I can understand that. They don't have the ability to get out. But the bottom line is if they do and they're just sitting around to be stubborn and stupid. If I had the ability to see, maybe Alice Bennett is under all of that, is drowning over there. Wonder what ever happened? Oh, that's for he's on scare America. I remember Norma told me that he walked out of that studio in New York and there was Alex Bennett sitting there. What I've seen, my bald head, it's stupid. Look, 151 at QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62A. Did I thank you? Please be seated. I want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration is a group of frustrated and desperate people who kill innocent life. And America's out of view at a such. And now I'll be glad to take some of your questions. Terry wants you to start. Thank you, Mr. President. As you know, New Orleans is destroyed. Thousands are dead and countless families are now homeless. I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem. Oh, we don't have a problem. Less ignore it. Sir, my not remind you that you have a responsibility as the commander and chief to step up and act on the people's behalf. Okay, here's what I intend to do about it. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. I'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of her came to Trio will lead to your downfall in Washington, to be seen. Oh, we're about anything here in Washington, DC. I mean, I feel comfortable in my role as the president. In my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life. And I have made my position very clear on that issue. David. Thank you, Mr. President. Thousands of stragglers remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by a raw sewage and without food. What is your administration proposing they eat? No. Doody. Listen, thank you all for coming out and joining us. No problem at all. Okay, anytime of photo-op. It's 158. Moist coming up next from the fan of New York Grand Pommo. Oh, 147 votes today. See, it's a good thing we didn't push for 10000. Do you want to know why? Why? Because when you set the bar to high, oh, yeah. Then you have to keep like topping it. And top, you know what I'm saying? I know. My altitude now is if the week they have 1,000 votes during the show and any pool, we're a kick-and-serious ass. So I'm saying we're doing just fine. As in ball, we're fine. Anyway, I've all the things that Neil talks about, which is the least interesting to you, hockey. I mean, make no mistake about it. This is not a hockey town. Hockware, niche games, trying to cook about hockey. 281, that's what the Chinese say. What do they know about it? Ever seen any Chinese hockey players? Yeah, you gotta tell me that. Actually, there was a, I think Japanese, and I mean, my Michael Park, how they were, there's a new one. New one. A new Japanese hockey player, not an invention. How you know that? I read the story about it. Hockie, what's stop with a hockey talk? 211, the track 195, G-Stop 97. Yeah, no more factory. Mo 96, no more. Diet talk 88, the stock market 58, inside radio stuff only 47. See those bedtime stories only 42 down to 4% even. They actually love them. Power of 32, religion's 28. And so then, 25, health problems 16, music only 15 over doing a lot of music shows, not movies, eight and food only seven. And I never reminded me to put that damn brat we're still on there, damn. Oh, hey, don't forget that brat we're still. Okay, let me go ahead of my meat. Anyway, we got to mobilize your coming up next, ramp on mold from the fan in New York. Hi, bye, bye.