Brush back and forth, A, a strong and weak And I still need no baby Don't you let's throw it again Break yourself out of me Oh, what? Can you remember where I just heard the phone say, Don't throw it, throw it again I can't wait to see More hours have to tell me How they can't come over to me Two winners for table The best we could do They're gonna be a little bit more than me They didn't have a single baby But the next world is me I would never do this to me Don't let push me No man, I'm in the face of a baby But the next world is me What is the real country Let's have a cup of coffee Can't wait to see There's no next special boat Can't wait to see There's no next planet Break yourself out of me Can't wait to see But do you let us see Or let us go to here Oh, we can all agree Can't I want to find a 60WQ I'm happy Wednesday too Well, we got, uh, we're starting to make a little progress Right? We got most signed in Grave and Golder And you're right, my, I made a mistake I made a bad mistake I suggest it wouldn't be a bad idea to put you on from 2 to 4 I mean, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh That is going on yesterday and he caught me I'm not that I have any way annoying those, uh, don't get panicking What you want? You're getting old, Roger I'm just in trouble with him, too Okay, so I'm going to find my way to his house Uh, uh, uh, drick insides or uh, deep flow Who'd have those who care is okay Right? But he's monitoring man He's making sure that he's right on my case There no matter what I, if I make a slip up Moll be there right on top of it I'm listening There hamsterie is But believe me, it wasn't my first and it won't be my last Anyway, I, I'm not listening anymore myself I just, I'm all through with that Because I had enough, uh, angst myself through that Christmas ten years week No, I know I had enough my own service I don't need anybody else, I'm tired of it Good, look I'm just, uh, over saturated with this Beesley crap and joys and this one wants that You know, first of all, man, get yourself a lawyer Get an agent, a real lawyer Get somebody that would have taken care of you That for you like in five minutes I mean, what are taking him much longer if I hadn't paved the way Sit the ground or if you would have had him call me I would have told him how to handle it How to get it done Very simple, he's got the offer on the table from the other place And all he's got to do is to look, even this contrary It's like look at Brassie man He's a, your signature's on a contractor Your brains, gross in grays case It's only like, you're a squiggle as on it I don't think he's sounding contracts anymore She didn't sign mine Carolyn Beesley signed my contract Because Greg, her varicates a lot He's a liar I would have told him, man, dog, how to get that all done But I'm just, I just came here to look Because I'm sitting here doing some work yesterday And I punch him up and same stuff again about how he's just Just filling in and, oh, get it done already What year you're wearing us out everybody? Get it done, at least the Humper is done He sounds pretty happy anyway, he does, chipper Well good for him By the way, Josie landby, you're so full of crap, man You're, there's just so much crap and so little time You know what? So good thing I did not return his call Yesterday is because all he wanted to do is Know is around, hey Josie, you're too nosy, okay? Yeah, probably knows Josie That day, that Josie How much money I'm making, then the business I'm not interested in that ego crap Well, I'm making it as so cares It's an impressive somebody, I don't give a crap So he writes a bunch of crap in a Palm Beach post Today, which we'll get to eventually Joy Burman is our beaded curtain lady And they never look at it I did do our research for the future To see if it's up to our usual fine standards Be sure to take a peek when you go to the meeting curtain If you're ready to 75 at the Supreme Court justices And you'll be pleased to know the John Stewart book Is back in the Gulf for Mississippi Library Oh, I'll take a look at the paper Oh, I don't know if they stuck her or not Let's see, let me take a look She looks like somebody Yeah No, seriously, she looks like somebody I know, well that's a fine picture She's like they're in a water all Wet and soaked Yep With a couple of huge natural Those aren't the, are you sure? Believe me, they're for real That's what's the most beautiful That's what's the most beautiful movies And the history of mankind and their for real They're definitely not artificial God had a good day that day Did he really? Yeah, we need to have to have a day Must have been to make up for the tsunami day Because you know, he had bad days like that So on this day he said, oh, well today I'm going to Create a work of art For a few What's the story on her? Her bio is really, well, it's tell me about her I just, that's all I know about Or October 31st, 1975, which makes her 29 Almost I'm 13, that's why not 1.5 She was born in New York City One of the seven kids born in WWE 2 veteran Her filmography is, it One WildRedGirls.com, where she plays herself AKA Playboy's WildRedGirls.com Uh, I don't know what that means And anyway, she was the Playboy's subrogörl The week third week of May 2001 And her measurements are 34 c 34 c Oh no 304 c 3435 34 c What a coincidence That must be just a coincidence I'm sure it is What is that on the top of an iron brawlsizer I'm just kidding I'll be more serious I'm just kidding I'll be more serious I'm just kidding Where did you find that? What's that? 804 c Do you have a number? Yeah I don't find it I know it's in here Just put HD-3 Then I'll be more hungry Sorry, sorry folks To start out like this And I can't find it Oh well, it's not worth it Play not be in it When you... What do you got it? Play it again Very tasty It was very tasty I got it Ah Oh man, it's your great head I'm going to kick her out of it Peace climb And his own bizarre recipe What's your thing about you? It's great Yeah, when he just lets it all hang up When he lets his head out So there's your Iberman Take a long look at her You'll enjoy it very much And then take a look down And according to Holy, I'm sure you'll see 75 pictures are still on it Very marginal push She looks like a Russian hockey player Well No, she really does She's not Although the title ber is a lot prettier than she is But nevertheless She's not, I'm sorry Some of you guys, you're obsessed There are certain people who become obsessed with And she's like a state of mind again She's big She's imposing She's huge She's got T-Trunk legs And she's a dick Which of course all of those make a very attractive But her face Although I'll say well thing She's no, what's that broad? Scott Peterson Amber Fry Oh God I say that every day Now just a point out that she isn't so nasty Just grow T-Sk Join QAM and South Florida commuter services today From noon to 2 at the Oakwood Plaza Stop by the spin the wheel From prizes and for you won't believe those prizes And enjoy free food from the Lennie City sub Which is the highlight That's noon to 2 at the Oakwood Plaza And prestigious Hollywood And then Tonight And Georgia likes to start getting paid again By the way for a spot And the monster that a white Tommy is doing I don't even know why I don't even know why I like being there I don't even know You might be what? Getting paid I wouldn't count on it Not after that Meeting and not after that Which had meeting you had that day Join Georgia McGrill and Boca Bryant For happy hour today Five to seven in Treasure Island Even Fat Boy might slot by Located off the Palmetto Just north of the 126th Street Exit stop by for free prizes And join dance fair hills All night long Or Stephanie, what's your name? Could it be there? I'll be doing the dance fair Georgia is going to be popping a mile The grize is going to be popping a ping pong ball Is out of his back though So here's the appell result from yesterday Other than Neil, who's your all-time favorite gay personality Gay by or suspected How to put suspected in it because we certainly don't want to be accused of Labeling anybody Don't label me I don't know Ellen John 173 I want to hear that 34C one more time Very pointy The study boy Ellen John 173 Paul Linden, 126 Kevin Space 85 Or it's going to take me an hour to read this Time Cruis 68 It will is like 4,000 names on it twice Angelina Julie 58 Ellen D. Generate 49 I can't stand that dichy I don't care what she is Like straight confused I don't care if she's got the biggest member in his demand kind of strapped on She just is nothing She's a big zero And according to 4077 speaking of that Can she play tennis? She's saying Does she make up a lot of funny marriages to screaming queen? She's a very scary man 42 Nathan Lane 38 Leonardo da Vinci 37 Leo He was originally alright Right But he sure never could have played Howard Hughes Marlon Brando 33 Charles Nelson Riley 32 Gorvid Al's got No that's not it Ian McKellen 26 Raymond Ver 26 Yeah Mauden no Raymond Ver was gay He also thought he needed a dime to let saw the biography on biography channel We could play that space drop Seriously Did you know he was gay? From you Years ago Raymond Ver was gay Yeah But yeah his long time lover was on a show Some brave another book looking guy Now one of those screaming Mencing And they had done their thing for years and years Or at least try to Walter Mercado 22 The Fais Estralof Iran And most of the getting less TV Liberatji 19 Although he still denies it Even from his death bed He had a good night Yeah He was in 18 Hillary Clinton 16 The Ice Princess A Black in 15 Old dishonest day Rock Hudson 15 Don Valois There was a documentary about A Black night And I was watching his better They say he was It didn't come up What about the assembly Don Valois Graham Chapman Errolson 14 Reptilerra doesn't Reptiler from the agon show Very, very Unfunny Very sad Prince, Olivia Newton John Willem Dafoe Roger de Rossi and Madonna 10 And James J. Bullock 10 Same person as Madonna Richie Simmons 9 Gay and Guhuver Jim Neighbors George Michael Danny K. Norma Kent each had 9 Mike Piazza Ricky Martin and Leo To Caprio 8 7 for David Boy Troy Eggman Oscar Wild and Salmino 6 for Michael Jackson So Lawrence Olivier Rosie O'Donnell and Moncar McCliff And Tony Perkins and James Dean 5 for Anne Hage and Bishop Paramano Luis Miguel We spelled it wrong We apologize Uh, at least The adjusted Uh, Sandra Burhart Mick Jagger Alexander the Gay and Alice Rantel Erica Strautofovapis Four votes each for John Provold Enrique the Greasey Instrument Capote Luzavand Ross, Christopher Lowell And Bill Tanner and Roy Horn And uh, Bro! Three votes for Christian Lateiner David Cassidy Merve Griffin, Dick Sergeant Brian Andrews Craig Stevens Brian Narcos, Wally Cox Two of these for Chuck Conner's Clay Aiken is Clay Aiken All the time that I hear Maybe we can keep his pants on He wouldn't be Martin and Albert to Lowe had a pair And one of these for Henry Winkler Dave Co. Pay Mar Fleming Mar Flaming didn't belong on there But maybe he was Mark Anthony Randolph Scott Tab Hunter since then SIGPREED PICCHBOCHER Who is part of SIGPREED and Bro! And no votes, uh, how's that? For Richard Chamberlain Goldtilden, Jeff Garcia Lucristio, 14 under votes And nobody voted for anyone's eyes For even Lucristie? What is wrong with you people Are you like anti-Somantic or something I've voted for Lucristie that's bad Would you agree? Indeed. I don't know. I mean all those votes were Paul Lynn, which is fine He was very funny, hysterically funny And, uh, quick wit As a religious one I mean I realize that they They'd prepped him on some of those questions On Hollywood Square to have a time But some of the issues we just, uh, sensational What is this you just passed me here Believers go on rack to prove God believes pain It's the one table they said I think the believers all belong on the rack Right? Any rack? People are to be tortured in laboratories at Oxford University And I did say it's under the experiment And I determined whether Belief and God Is effective in relieving pain Oh, right! They should tell tickets Top neurologist from a college Anath Thomas, Ethosists, and Theologians Are expected to examine the scientific basis Of religious belief in whether it's Anything more than a placebo Oh, now we're starting to close to the Meat of the matter It's a placebo Hated by Baroness Greenfield The leading neurologist The new center for these types of the mind Is to use imaging systems to find out Her religious spiritual other beliefs And the new system such as an Eological belief in the innate superiority of man Influence consciousness A secular aspect of the two-year study Which is $2 million funding from the Johns Hubbard And Foundation The US philanthropic body will involve Business and people being subjected to painful experiments And laboratory conditions While enduring the agony They'll be exposed to religious symbols Such as images of the Virgin Mary or crucifix Their neurological responses will remember I'm measured to determine the efficacy of their faith And helping them to cope Let's clear it across compels you Can't you see it now? Huh? Helping become back We'll be done by that movie Came out And helping us to hold up the crucifix in the wolf vein Huh? Yeah, Bell of the grocery city was the wolf vein of his existence But 1014 and 560 WQ1 Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, How are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? Way that all round Find the portion planted And shoot a doctor down Everybody prayable with your soul cage Go go go Beat the crowd out of your cage You're too the right of me, Bob Go on the stand for me I'm so glad I was there It's got to be later round I'm so glad I was there I don't think I can say You're the right of me You make a sacrifice You said the train is there What's great about the wedding off in chicken set We got to stir about the guide that ate the raw duck But we'll get to that later Pro, please go to the roasting team How unusual and Boston Last and even more unusual Way to near this combination A Jesuit pre-tutotten coach A high school Clearly two did in the roasting two teenage boys during wrestling drills Pre-st and wrestling band combination kids Yeah Two great days of taste great together Oh brother Prosecutors said the Reverend James Talbot Sexly assaulted the two students in late 1970s When he was teaching history and coaching soccer and hockey At Boston College High School, the all male-perocule school Talbot's 60-sem was the first member of the Jesuit order Prosecutor in the Boston Arts Sciences Since the previous sex abuse scandal erupted in 2002 He played a guilty-one-calfee to rape and a solvive intent to rape And three kinds of ass-alt and battery That's ass-alt and battery Unrediggrimo with prime prosecutor busy faces five to seven years in prison When he sentenced on January 24 I say Friday old Kutsan's Assistant District Attorney Audrey Mark told the judge The Talbot held what he called aggression drills with students Which Talbot encouraged him to take most of their clothes off Then grand their general as well They were wrestling with him Talbot also Talbot also also orally raped one of the boys Trying to rape the other That's we can't say oral sex anymore So we spell it a-you-are-al As then I heard about it oral And tried to orally rape the other But he broke free and ran out of the gymnasium arm set Talbot and his attorney would not come And after the hearing Talbot left Massachusetts sometime after the offenses Which froze the statute of limitations Prosecutors to bring kids against the more than two decades later Which we say Try his ass Okay Jesuit priest and wrestling a very Dangerous lethal combination Okay, I'd be where like a real heavy duty cup if I were one of those kids Speaking of a dangerous people very Jackass who's an old smoothie Who wouldn't a woman or a fee saw one Says university of mine instead of its contract with WQM for three years Through the 2007-8 academic year WQM will still carry you in football basketball and select baseball games And of course broadcast by the anxious who's a good guy but horrible Just grow test unspeakably bad on the air and the beast who just is a suckling is just models around When they set up Joe's ass and he's about about that height I would say when you say his top of his ball head Come and write up to Joe's crack. I never bet it. Now it's in it never met who the beast no, never met a Okay, listen he was auditioning for your job. I just mentioned that in passing he's here in the morning everybody or at least He's there in the morning with the big nose that with he is busy there with hang I guess that's who he is though. Well, he's uh, I don't know what he does just waddling around helping helping out Yeah, right you're probably eating the big help and of anything that shows up Anyway, here's our poll that I think this could be the first poll in a long time I didn't put anything down all the way I will right away What's in here the one responsible for this event or like it? You'll take the blame what are all these calls coming I haven't even said hello. Yeah. What were they want? W to Q and hello W to Q and hello. Yes, sir. Got a baby for you W to Q and hello Q and Hey, how you doing man? I want to speak to Neil speaking Neil Roger. Yeah, no Neil downs Yeah, yeah, you're not what can I do for you sir? Yes, I am I don't have a luck and half an hour to prove that it's not okay I can I do for you to it. Let's then I'll just I just want to comment on the on these free things You know, it says why is people keep believing and giving money to this club? Yeah, because they're stupid because they're scared and stupid I mean if this I saw what the call a TV show and this Mexican sort of like kneeling down for miles from their knees or bleeding Well, I'm like America the Catholic church has got those poor bastards. They come with their last few pesos man or starving and our bunch of slippers They're appropriating like rabbits because the Catholic church is against birth control because it won't over the world by pie this population Contest and as a result of all starving, they're all slipping up through Mexico into the US illegally lines up because they can't find a job because there's two damn many of them sir. It's a nightmare It's a curse. There ain't nothing worse the organized religion nothing you tell me something that's worse besides hemorrhids Well, what could possibly be worse that organized religion nothing even W and of course he's a part of that crowd It is the social disease it is the end as far as placebo is concerned just top an ass burn man take a good ass burn I'll do you better than pray that some non-existent god or rather a bunch of bees are saying 85,000 hail marries or You know going to the wailing wall and hopping a China COVID air and throwing rocks at women. I mean, you know just cut the crap already you people in the world Stop stop. They won't stop Okay, what's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of show see I'm not gonna we've done these before So I'm not gonna break it down like cartoons and cartoon and Cop shows that it this we could do it for like a month if we wanted to do I don't want it Just let's get out of the way today, okay, and then because I went on actually spent some money about a few new disks Wow, yes, it's it. Yes, matter fact in fact the one the quality on this one is so good if it plays I don't think it's gonna be like oh Okay, I'm starting with Barnaby Jones that's always my favorite Okay, that's a honey moors. Okay, see you right and then that's over This is actually pretty good. Oh, I get to show. Yeah, I What it is day Magnum B. I let's get that on there too. Okay, let's put a couple of number for starters in the audience We're pulling with my five-oh and lost in space No question about it. In fact, we're just a Y and five-oh and let's get out of the way in fact This is a really good there are several TV themes where there are many different recordings as you know Could you ask me about lost in space right and some of them are pretty weak and some of more like Listen to the drums in this one that's narrow Oh Spend the yesterday's pull there always a lot of women's about Jack Lord too Never have so I'm George Harrison did about him my sweet Lord right How do I do it but two late now we love James Cocoa off the pole yesterday John bias there Many people we left off enough and it's perfect we had about 8,000 names on her should have been up to keep you keep you occupied Okay, I don't see any names on here. I don't see Barnaby Jones. I don't see anything He I I mean, we're gonna let's start building this list or we just could leave it black all day. That would be an interesting pool. Oh There we go. I'm voting for where's Barnaby Jones? I just want to be on the eye and hold on there. They're going on. What is that? Yeah, he's playing like the old bait and swish on me there. Just yes What I'm not looking all the same he takes it on me real quick. He sticks it W to Q a and hello all right, you know about suffering and son Samford and son you got a man Was this put I made it a money? This is the the along pool. So get ready for the real hard work I don't know if I got that one. I'm sure I do somewhere. It's gotta be in there. Yeah. I don't want us to be Yes, what the The Yes, I don't know Oh The native way of the summer Somewhere Well now that guy was playing the song and you were in that quite full vein Yeah, I'll take another one. I like which we should put on the right away Yes, not I like it He's got that local flavor Yeah Got a Josh mommy vice it's on there great wow this this gonna be a long wish today Gonna be like a heavy duty almost like work 10 27 of course I got to use he lamb eats story here. I got the lady to give birth and she gave me birth and McDonald's You see that right under the golden arches. She popped one out. That's like a blessing And I don't see the ass eat it is back on the end It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family All rookie dead if we name John jello we Know what happened to my little girl Who can't she why don't you push yourself away from the table huh? Maybe have a salad once in a while Don't you know how many of the work people have never had a decent meal Then with a charity spirit Well, it's true those why don't you send them to both from the turkey you had for breakfast Anna Mina How are Spiderman school? Where you can learn all of mechanics. Get me, Pam. Oh, that's nice. We're so cool. We're cool. We're a very good middle play. So, let me find you, Pam. Why do I mean we have to play? All of a sudden, we don't want this place. And we're going to play. We are almost now right right. Those were the things. I want you to know why you played. Thanks for those of my love. Mr. We could use them. Why play better for my dad? People say to me, can't I? If we know it's better, we can't break for another second. I'm not okay. I'm the winner for this week. I'm not a one-man-daughter, you win. I can tell my dad did it, hey. I call you under a thing. And we're short and flexible. It's like we always know that's all. I don't know just what I'm going through. Don't worry about dad. I don't even dream to have a dad. But third man. I get a whole different bunch. I like that one. I've learned the key version. See, I'm expedited one. Anyway, get that on there. I'll look family. Now, here's a fact that says from a chronic fact you decided not to sign a day. Your favorite is the Jefferson's. Well, guess what? My favorite is not the Jefferson's. Well, I like that theme a lot. I think it's part of the Jones. But I will say. That's not for life. That's not for life. God, please. God, please. I heard some to the chorus, right? I heard some to the chorus. Okay, it's enough. So there you go. Let's get that on there. To the Jefferson's. You got it. This is about how many thousand on here. By the way, speaking of list and some of the art. I've already thrown away the first list that has come over to the fact. But she didn't. Well, because they just caught an impassing like a whole list from sites. I'm not kidding. Who could that crap? Now, that's not what we're asking you. Not somebody else. I've heard some people were. I saw some jackass took of 10 years ago. You, you, you have an opinion. See, this is like a religious crowd man. Let's say crap. Oh, somebody five thousand years ago made up a bunch of bubble mice. Season. So therefore, we say, if I were hot hot or not, Cox a hoist, whatever that however that goes. You know, enough of that crap. Get with it. Have a thought. Have a your own opinion. So like any of those polls they take no matter what the question is. He's always like, well, five percent on this side. Is today Wednesday? Well, you know, ninety nine percent said he has one percent on our shirt. Yeah. What a cracker crap. Haven't opinion. Not somebody else's opinion. Yeah, you're like I said, throw those up. What's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of a show? Could be a cartoon. Could be a comedy. Could be a drama. Could be a cop show. Could be a sci-fi show. Could be like, whatever. A soap opera. Oh, I got a couple of soap opera songs today. You won't want to hear. I'm a little bit more. Yeah, I want to. I'm a little bit more. I can't think of the one that I really hate. It starts out with a real sour saxophone. Days of our lives are boldened. What are those? Oh, yeah. I got days of our lives coincidentally. Let's see. What cut is that? Not slang these on here too, but this is not all from your. You got to be careful when you're by some of these discs because they got like, Oh, yeah, they got the Mitch Miller playing on. Throw days of our life. Like that. He's a good hour to ride. That's it. Maybe throw them to the base of our life. Look down on the camera. You still bend these guys. I don't watch any show, but I think you still like play as boys to be quite real. And it will be a bad that played as life on. There's just a lot of things going on in show. Like, sounds can be out of lives. Oh, this is still the big part. I'm very concerned. Is this still the theme for it? To you know, they changed. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Now, let's see. Oh, now, which one of these songs is, Oh, yeah, this is the young and the horny. Isn't it? It says not to your theme. That's an end of the song. But it's the theme from the young and the horny. I guess. I believe. Or Nick has certainly given a little long and the tooth I should point out. And Victor still got that complication problem. For the rest of these, on any old and beautiful, that's going to be one of the worst shows. Didn't you tell me your wife likes that show? Yeah, like that. Oh, that's it. That's it. Oh, it sounds like a cat in the blender. Play the beginning again. Oh, can't have landed on other our life. Sounds like they don't want to land in the name. What is that sound? Yeah. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. I don't know what some of these other ones are, because it just has the name of the song. I guess if I looked inside or would tell you what show they're from. I think. This time around. Let's see. This time around. Love theme. The verse from also from the old and the beautiful. Oh, God, what a horrible show. Oh, and the song from the old and beautiful. Oh, God, what a horrible show. Oh, and. Oh, nasty. I'll tell you one that we didn't want some of make me puke. From general hospital think of Laura. Remember Luke what tells his name? That screaming thing that plays Luke. I didn't hear him. What? What the permed hair? Yeah. A screamer. I mean, a flamer in all of God girls. Oh, it's Luke. Luke and Laura. Oh, please. What does that was his name? Somebody will know. He's just ridiculous. Not to mention grotesque. Anyway, speaking of balding grotesque, dirty land be that the Palm Beach Post writes a bunch of crap. Now you know why didn't we turn your calls, girls? You're just a decimulator of crap. And look at that picture he puts in there. I mean, you know, you haven't seen this yet. No, I have to. What up, picture of you? Look, it's like I'm sitting on the can. I've got to like him squeeze in real hard. Like I got to like wild constipation. You know, that's what that looks like. WM talk. My stony around. You're in here as much about money as you often claims on his popular show. A source posted on Florida's favorite curmudgeon tells Caves to the QAM offer to 62 year old Rogers to many years for four years. And I'm present at it some locally. If he took the station 6 to 10 a.m. drive time slun. Haven't I talked about that? Yeah. But an about a inside source. Scoop. Yeah. And then the rest of this is a wrong. Rogers told them there'd be no way he could get up around 4.30 a.m. of a parent early show and decide to stand as current tend to 2 schedule. I didn't say there was no way I could do it. I said I don't want to do it. I never said I couldn't do it. I could do whatever I want. I just don't want. I don't have to. I don't want. I don't want. I don't want. Smuck. Rogers didn't respond to a request for an interview. Obviously not because you just do those. You just don't want to know about how much money I'm making. And by the way, you're not getting any. Norman Kent Rogers attorney said Rogers told him he was too old to get up that or that's not at all what I said. I just I've been too old for 20 years to get up that early. No way. They're more important than money for Neil. Can't city to climb to talk about the offer. Don't start a collection for Rogers. You said that he's got through my real name and they're like, oh, hey look at this. I know something right. Big secret. I don't start a collection just yet. Rogers is said until 2008 after signing a contract extension. Believe to be in close to one and a half million year in base salary in bonuses. The morning drive slot was freed up this week when QM dumped Howard Stern from the Miami base AM station. While Stern can still be heard in West Palm Beach on WPVZFM Model 3.1, QM moved to Septonoons sports drive of the Rade of Hank Goldberg the mornings. No details about his salary were available. Although industry sources say he isn't making anywhere near Rogers money, Goldberg and I dial comes on at 7 AM. Station boss Greg Reed didn't return calls for a comment and he didn't deny any of anybody else although in Greg Reed's case I could understand why he wouldn't return calls for comment. You don't understand? What I said is probably several reasons why Greg would want to return calls for comment at this particular stage of the game. Hello? It's just that game where you can't realize. Okay, all 10. Oh, you know what I'm saying? What a year. Oh, Tony here. This guy says. He's the buddies with Richie Simon and Kyle and Tony here. Hi. Say, where does the English search these files? He's a gay lesbian. Yeah. I try every time he sees his sister. Well, the last evening of the blues. Well, what they was, they're having. But now she likes to love me and he's down most like her view. No, she'll see her sister is her. No, she's sister is her. Like, the English sister doesn't shave her legs and fries. And we'll make up on her eyes and get your soul. The English sister says she's proud. She's a gay lesbian. Well, she ain't your eye curving brother. Must be her out of the house. Cos English little sister has never had a misdorant. She never met her trousers, mouse. No full-saist or a rizm. No full-saist or a rizm. It's like they're going to be. No full-saist or a rizm. English sister doesn't shave your legs and fries. Cos her pants have a whacker kind of fall. Can't this English sister's proud? She's a gay lesbian. But the times were daughter of a dated one. No way, I'm not sure, but I'm a drug-deac and fella. I actually don't like about it, maybe. Maybe a lesbian would be so bad. 10. 46. You know, it's all a big right-wing family. They got like somebody gay in a family like Dick and Lillin, Cheney would have liked daughter. A lot of skeletons. And the English and then fill the shoe fly with her gay son, all these things. Anyway, the theme that the short lived ABC sitcom, Thin against Red Balloons, as Fat Harold and Darrell, was the best one I ever heard. Few people remember the 70s program where you're right about that. We're trying for about half a season and started to live past school. The theme was a mixture of African rhythm, strings, and electric guitar. Have you had to hear what TV theme is stirring us? Thin against Red Balloons. Let's get it on there for Fat Harold and Darrell. What do you say, Josh? It's on there? Okay. Okay. Thin against Red Balloons. Still healthy, Mom. We don't care about that. Here's another interesting facts from John before we get back to our building poll. It says George or Neil, and then says Next to My Name, probably doesn't care. That's terrible, John. I'll be right. I don't care. I want to ask, don't I? Anything that's dirt like this. We all care naturally. We're all nosy. Like Josie. What's high school with the joy-berman? She graduated 93 from Cardinal Gibbons in four Lododale. She's a cool girl who blossomed the beauty. She was actually smart enough to not go on at stupid H.S.R. show. What's H.S.R.? I don't know. Oh. I know and graduate 93 with those retards. 10 years hasn't changed, but it sure may enjoy a hotter. I don't know what H.S.R. is. My buddy is doing her now. Says John. Well, good for your body. What's your story, John? Okay. Here's the deal. This is what a fact it's got, too. Which is okay. You can have a pair. It is, yeah. Nank. I mean, why is his reading with 14 like I suspect? Nank, I mean. He's an assaultman, if he press him out. I hope to tell him it was supposed to suicide his camera. So it's like a pretty painful to me. And also on his list is a good one. Oh yeah. So boy, what a dog. I'm sorry. It's still be with us today. Maybe in boy, Lord Green, eh? It's a dog food. It's more than a couple of the helpful ones. That's not a very good version of that, is it? No. Who's better? You got another one, head. I'm not going to tell you all of these today. We'll be on till midnight if we did that. I have too many fish to fry. I don't see it on here. I got so many biscuits. I got this stuff the ass. What's the couple of those? I got some fucking dead. Yeah, maybe they'll fall on. That was all for this disc here, but Nank's. I'll find another one that's better than that. Okay, sure I bought that one. You got that on your mansion, but Nank's it? But I'm looking for him. I'm looking for Hogan's heroes. And I know for sure. What? Right. That's a good one. It is a good one. I'm bored to hell is it? I mean, I'm not going to play all of these today. I'm going to be on stage later. I don't see. I'll find it though because I've only got the two CD decks. Thanks to me. And I don't want to keep like, I'll do it. Let's see. What would that be under? Primetime drama? No. After we've adventure? I'm still looking for it. I don't see no Hogan's. I've got it because I've played it. Right? I'll play it last in a second. We'll get around to what? Hogan's heroes. Well, I'm going to the next break. I'll find it. I'm just don't have time to dittle around for you. I'm going to play it on it. It's from our friend David the conference. Go Rams. Oh, man. Are you kidding me or what? If there's a team that doesn't belong in a playoff, it's the erratic, spastic, same Lewis Rams, brother. All right. Here's one. Look at that. One order. A more recent show. Which, of course, you know, you can vote for a show that's on like right now. If you want to wear my gun to find law on order. Oh. Hmm. I like this. Make that. Hmm. Hmm. Oh. Oh. That's it. Wherever it's going, it's already there. Yes. I'll take him one needs to be on their right away. Set man. That hell is this though. I'm going to be part of it. This is a version of it. You have to. You think we're going to, uh, we all know and need to play. This is a kind of a, we can start by the series. No, that was that was on the show. What are you talking about? The original has you know, starts with the back of the old. Let's go. Is that what you talking about? I'm talking about. That's all. Battery's about. Sir, what is this? This is a brother. Ready to go. Hey. Hey. Hey. Back. Back. Hey. Hey. Hey. Now, speaking of who I five Oak is there. Like you said, a lot of different versions. And I said before of different songs. Uh, the other one was the good one with all the heavy duty drums and medicine that right week. And I miss this. Oh, it's not. That's not what I'm saying. Oh. Yeah. This is at North Coast. It sounds like one channel is most expensive. It's, uh, come on. All these airs. That's one of the same discs. I hope. No, the, the mixed and match. I got a lot of times in this. Just relax. Okay. I spent a lot of money. I spent a, how many dollars? I just want to get this. I was interested in hearing these alternative versions. Yeah. Alternative lifestyles are turned to versions. Let's see. Where is this other one if they want to hear right now? I got it. In fact, I've played a little bit before to show this morning. I hate this song. Hate to show too, although I like John Snyder. It's the same good old boy. The name of the song is Good Old Boys. Nooksha has it. I think it's a hand to their drives. Yeah. Yo. Yo. I'm saying it wasn't no, but I chose. I chose about that. At least the characters were realistic. Yeah. But that John Snyder, each year had a pretty mouth. I'll tell you that boy, he was pretty. Anyway, what about the welcome back, hotter or oh no. Tom Jickle really enjoyed hearing it. Both those suggestions. But what about the cheers? That's why Tom Jick's favorite choice. Cheers. I have no idea why I couldn't suck. Making new way. And the theme is even more depressing. Maybe because it was about beer. Take his away from me. Oh, yo worries. Show it help a lot. Shit. Wouldn't you like to get away? No. Oh, and then somebody else also says, No, we got that one on their cheers. We got it. Welcome back, hotter. Oh. Yeah. Welcome back. We're bringing to your ticket. If you think the song blows, John Revolta was in that show. Well, it's a nice thing. It's a nice thing. It's a nice thing. It's a nice thing. Now, what's the teacher? What the mustache? What that was his name? That played in that show. Yeah. It's a powerful couple. They played a good couple. They can't get here. We have that. We have that. Since you got the right. But those dreams, every day, every turn around. You got the major. You got the major. You got the major. Oh, I don't know. Which I dislike more. The theme or the show itself. Well, that was a bad show. Oh, yeah. John Revolta. That's why I really started despising him like poison. I know what kind of downhill from there. That's the one character he can play. Yeah, he's the next to him. How's this? This is going to be on here. Get a lot of votes I guarantee you. I don't know what it is. Oh, come on. He's a little less talented Jack Jones. He couldn't see his way to bubble. He goes back. He's another one of those all. Put it in. All together. He's excited. He's excited. The love vote. We're expecting you. I did a career Jack Jones. Yeah, this Jack Jones says so right on this. I'm just a Jack Jones. Why do you say that? It's different. That's the district. Here's a guy used to play Jack Jones records. I mean, I don't know what to say. Believe me, that was Jack Jones with every screenplay. I love both, Stephen. That word. Well, that's one of the versions of it. Okay. Don't start Nick picking. There's nothing more than a Nick picker. That's one of them. This one you start and you're wrong about that. And you'll have to do that. That's that is that wasn't the original theme. But when you watch it on TV, you'll hear that. That's one of the themes. Not every show that not every season. They use the same theme. You understand? I do. In fact, that thing about to the batman. But you'll not think after the, maybe the first few episodes. They would drop that that in the drop. But not the theme. I'm telling you. Listen, I know my Batman. All right. Believe you. But if we're a word, we're going to walk in here like 20 years ago. And then three in tights. I would have known it. I would have smelled it. What's your favorite TV theme of all the time from any kind of a show? Mommy, advice 23. I told you, it's got that the local flavor man out of the first 88 votes. San Francisco 14. Why five? Oh, it's got 13. All in the family nine. Magnum PU6, magnify. Vananza 4. Varity Jones 4. Always gets his man. The Jefferson's 3. Lawn order 2. Lost in spaces. Got a pair. Or you put that on her. You put a little bit here's one. Doxahazard's got one. Batman one. And none yet for low vote. Welcome back, Carter. Is that what the C or K? I think it's for the K, but he. Holdings heroes and high school reunion. Where did that come from? Is that your? It was a Miguel's choice. High school reunion. What's that? I don't know. Do you know what show that is? I know that there is a show called High School reunion that's on. Oh, man. Get that. It's rouse them. They're all sent at the Rogers. They're all sent at the Rogers. They're all sent at the Rogers. They're all sent at the Rogers. Rogers. This is your blame for. What? Any questions or? Or is my day? But by night, a couple of views on a man's search for spirits. And free food. They're going to say this place is one. Whoa. And the thing I could food on top. Welcome to the lighthouse of the death-bated lectures. Our soup of the day is always for the end. Yeah. Where are guys from? There are normal. Where are you? Oh, do you come in? Your table is way too. Go. My book. Wow. Look at this chair. It's easy. I don't know. Okay. I'm half a little baby. You're sitting in a quiet and up over there. And go look for her ghost this up. I'm not so old or a meal here. Okay. And wait and wait. I'll have to hear her stir-biscuit. Who? She's excellent choice. And as we always say around here, I'll watch that. Boom. Hey, no. Ah. Ah, ah, ah. I think I can't reach out. Yeah, how about that? Your soup, sir. Good thing. You see that? You said, oh! Probably just dust. Now let me alone. I'm eating over here. I'm just going to go and find out. I like that. And I'm just going to spit my nose. Why you? Who? Who? Who? Who? The boy was moving. Shut up, yeah, my son. Can't you say I'm trying to finish my soup? And? I can't. I can't. Why? I can't. I don't want to meet you all, dude. You were invited here to see it. I think I know who's at the bottom of this cazorai. Ooh, I'll just pull a mask off his face. I'm not for you. But it was great read all along. Well, and I would've got a way with it, too, with not for you meddling mums. I think no. Yeah, I know. It's 11.02 or five, 60. Well, Greg Reid said it's probably an American-y-sense joint QAmen South Florida Commuter services today from noon to two at the Oakwood Plines and stopped by to spend the prices, whatever we got laying around that we, and nobody wants. And enjoy free food from Atlantic City Subs, where I were used to make the difference and what's the guy's name now? Jason, the thing. Jason. That's noon and two at the Oakwood Plines and Hollywood. By the way, speaking of people at Petal Food, you know, that, what's the guy's name with a subway sandwiches? Jared. Jared. He's a fan. Okay. Yeah. I know why you're in him off. No, no, seriously. He is the most menacing. I don't care. I mean, and not only that, but he's pudging up again. Remember the big deal was, oh, I lost two hundred pounds, you know, all trouble. Yeah. I don't care. And also, during George Miguel and Boca Brian for happy hour today, five to seven at Treasure Island, located off the Palmetto, just north of the hundred and twenty-second sweet eggs that stopped by to win free prizes. Again, what we got like laying around that nobody would take if we get paid them to take it. And enjoy dance pesos all night long. And when you're at Treasure Island, find out how come George ain't getting doing the spots to get in paid the way supposed to get paid. Grab a little fat boy and twist him around. Okay. And I'll see. Here's what it says. Two votes. Which I think, Adam, both. Also, it says, eat at the Metro Deli. It's the Metro Deli like in South Florida. That's supposed to be here. Where I don't think they're going. Oh, no. I'll go. I'll go. I'll see. I'm trying to find as many of these as I can to play. While while wet. Now, before, Hogan's heroes are couldn't find. Hello. This is where I can't for it. This is why I'm creating, inviting you to watch the men of star like 13 out with Stink and Shills on Hogan's Heroes. And then there's one. This is the Wild Wild West. This is a bit thing. Yeah, it was pretty good. You need these all on there, I hope. Yeah. Every other one. I think I was the one. I've got two bad. Even Ty Cobb didn't bat 500. All the way was a member of the clan. Yeah. This is simply going anywhere. But then we had two factors that says anybody member seen from Peter Gunn. Yeah. There's plenty of the little redone themes. Everyone. I got so many distillate around. I have no idea. This is not good. Better get a little organized. You know, that's how many distillate around. That sounds like doing anything. Does it? Yeah. It's really good though. Isn't it doing anything? No, like the art of yours. Pretty weak. You got it at the last. That was the one from the show that I played Peter Gunn. Right. Whatever your plan is from some album of some group. Anyway, let's see. So we got while I dream of Jeannie. Well, I get to all of these. Okay. The fall guy would be made to his Dallas. Let's see. Seems like Peter's gun. We got that. And does anybody member seen Peter Gunn? No, what's that sound like? Okay. Let me get to a few of my deals here. I'll try to introduce first today because then we're going to have like 10,000 different shows on it. That's the idea. The best team that you're favorite. The one you like the most from all the different TV shows over the last. All said you like didn't play it. Okay. I'm going to start right. Come on. You're going to have to go to the hospital. We're only problem is what I do with this. Oh, there it is. You ought to see this mess that I got here. Just crackling all over the place. Now I can't find the one that I wear. Not sound it. Well, what were you looking for? Just relax. Okay. You'll hear it. Well, I get ready. You'll hear it. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Give me some hand up a bottle. And after all still dead by the way, that's a bad news. Okay, I found why I was looking for. By the way, he's says, yes, that art of noise used to weigh netting samples to make that song. So there you go, Mr. Psychic, Mr. Music, you were right. What does that mean? That bit that I was playing, you said that sounds like to weigh netting. Right, he'll do the way netting to make that tune. So there you go. There you go, like I said. Got a Johnny Carson show. A lot of these interesting so many of these like good times for example. Not exactly one of my favorite shows, the theme though was great. Would you agree? Yep. I hate it. What? I hate it. Hey, what? The theme? Why? I don't like it. It's you, okay? It doesn't taste good. Are you out of your mind or what? How could anyone do John give you like that theme? It's a... It's a... it's average. Yeah, well, he doesn't hate it. I think it's excellent. I'm going to play it on this, so to a clock. The fall guy would be made these Dallas, so that goes so far. Wow, wow, wow, wow. I'd be in the genie. Oh, please. No. Where the hell is it? See the problem is not every one of these is got you know I'm saying? I do. But you would think that that would certainly be on here on like this particular one now. That TB... TB guide, TB records whatever it is. It's very, very good. I don't see it either though. But very close. Which, I'm sure you to read. This is a sensational show. Oh yes, sorry. Good morning. Good morning. Who was bringing a tree very lovely girls? All of them had their old, and like their mother, the youngest one. Who? Isn't it for you? Are there any great? Who was busy with the tree, why does it know? They were born in, and he all together. If they were all alone, they'd be better. You're the one, they'd be better. Oh, no! I mean, that seems okay. The show is great. We all love the show, but I think good times seem to love it and it seems for my dream of Jeannie. Get out of here, man. Get out of town. And it's like, you know, you two, yeah. You two, yeah. That's like, that's like, babbling. And it was really easy. It's a week. It's a through the day. See, you get swept away because of Barbara Emanuel, and Larry Hagman, and a whole show, and I got a day for him. What the, what that was the, the commander? What that was his name? Dr. Bellows. Dr. Bellows. But that's good. I wonder if he's can to solve Bellows. Who, McBirth Ed McDonnells, and they didn't have to get knocked at Bellows. Union Missouri, and McDonald. New to Baby was coming, and there wasn't a hospital on site, and McDonald had a kid. So she pulled over and delivered to the child outside of probably enough, and McDonald's restaurant. See, it's good for a lot of things. Not eaten for sure. Don't eat there, but you can take a leak there, a good dump, or maybe a pop a kid out would be good. I go there and give her a... Shaze, West and McDonald was due Wednesday, but on Sunday, and McDonald's, the time was getting near and fast. Problem was there was no hospital in this eastern Missouri town and the closest one was 15 minutes away. McDonald's has been his fighting in Iraq and the child's grandmother, Linda Kunil, got in the car, but it soon became evident. They wouldn't make it to a hospital, so they pulled over to McDonald's in Union. The baby was born beneath the golden arches. All my God. And of course, everyone is like, are you going to name him Ronald? And McDonald said, I sure hope not. Ronald McDonald. What a big bad. But to there are plenty of people named Ronald McDonald. If anybody would want to change your name, right? Right. There are fewer places, although not, I take that back. There are places worse. Now they're trying to get out of that hearty's wap or burger, whatever they call that thing. What is it? Oh, what the? The monster burger. That's it. They even had a piece on it on the CBS TV news last night as Dan had a tear in his eye because they're forcing him out. But yeah, 14 every calories. And then Dan actually added a cryptic note of the end when after the piece was at the end of the show. We said, and of course, the order of diets cooked to go along with it. Of course. It reminds me of a guy named Buzz Mushon, who I used to work with, it's smelling and selling for about two months in Hollywood Florida. Buzz Mushon. Big Spank Eye. Big Puggie Fank Eye, even patterned me. And for breakfast, we go into breakfast before work, which that places a joke by the way. I sure hope they're not still in business smelling and smelling. And he ordered like, you know, flat grass like 16 pancakes in the waffles and bacon and ham and eggs and and a small dietary. I'm not exaggerating. It was always be a small dietary. And I even just a diet drink, a small dietary. Just to kind of like cut back. 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. Here's that lineup you've been waiting for. We got more Howard David. Two to four like it or not. We got the mad dogs. You managed back four to seven. It's still a work in progress. I'm very, very, very, very proud of you. I'm just burnout. Just tell him to sign that anything mad dog and stop me in such a was just get it over with. Hurricane's warm off seven o'clock. The hurricane's in the Virginia Cavalier is seven thirty tonight. Little college hoops. Any K9 30 after the basketball game. Don't forget to beg five to seven in a morning. And now we got the hump. The big fat hump or Henry Goldberg. Set up ten a morning. You sounded good. Let me tell you right now what sounds good. And that is making your house look good again after your whole holiday season. Just turned it into a nightmare. Looks like a bunch of whirling durvishes came through the home of that. Like a cyclone came through the house after all the guests and pinned the visitors left. Well, the answer is call our friends a dry concept from my been using in my home for over 20 years because to make a long story short to the best in the world. Nobody else does their dry cleaning method on your carpet. It's an exclusive patent and method. That's why they got the name of the company dry concept because they dry clean your carpets would suck out the deep down their way there in the five of your carpet which makes them look fantastic just like brand new and of course make them sanitary too because your carpeting is as bad as your sink. When it comes to collecting germs and schmutz and also to spend some be able to job on your furniture and your drape for your expensive area of your luxury and a rug as well. And your carpet's dry like an hour and a half to two hours. You're way to can clean today and retain and do your thing tonight. So give a call. You don't have to worry about rip off your scams either because they give you a good quality. So I'll keep you going. There's nothing guaranteed price upfront before they start to when they're fantastic. We're called ride concept tool free. We using the first time you'll ever use anybody else again. I guarantee I'll bet you. I bet you. What's his name is life on it. What's the name you get? What is it? Great Perry. And they Out in the Palm Beach is called toll free. 1-800-248-5007-1-101. to make the fuckers made a hundred and sixty three million dollars in just twelve days. So we're getting ready to do another one. We basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes since no one seems to notice. And we're calling it meet the fuckers. Friends, the whole cast returns with the addition of Paris Health and this pre-de fucker. And burn trial here a Cindy Loupfucker, the smallest fucker. Then get ready for some exciting news. Next year, on another fucker first. As we present meet the fuckers, friends, friends. We've signed Harvey Firesine to play gay Uncle Flipfucker and former New Jersey Governor Jim McRewey to play his husband, Fred Fusker. Don't miss the whole area. He won flip and Fred Fusker fall face first into a fiery firecracker fire. But they're okay. They're fuckers. Then things really get funny. When mother fucker catches the boys making gay love on the fucker front for spring. We're gonna pretty much milk the fuckers for all there were. Plus you'll hear all the same jokes. Like I have mipples great. Can you milk me? And I'm gonna take you down. Take you down to Chinatown. Meet the fuckers, friends. And meet the fuckers, friends. Friends coming soon to a fucker's eater near you. Wow, take a look of this. The O.C. and the sopranos. Okay. Which I did not find as a sopranos. It was a news of this. It was just all sopranos music. Which I'm sure would have had a lot of good stuff nearby. And just, you know, I think I have that. Yeah, we have it but the sopranos disc. Well, okay. It goes on over the O.C. and the sopranos. Oh, here we go with this again. You're gonna get really upset. What we played this so many times already. And you hate it like poison. I love this thing. Oh, I don't hate this much good time. I think it's a racist thing. It's a very normal thing. I like the blood. I can't believe it myself. I don't want to go to the whole thing about William Cat, who was a star of that show along with Robert Cullp. William Cat was a son of the actress who played Delastrid on three-mason. Okay. And yeah, Moa Raymond Burr was gay. Okay. Whether you like it or not. Big macho guy like Raymond Burr. Now, what's the name of that greatest American hero? But that is a name, isn't it? Believe it or not. Believe or not? Well, let's put a greatest American hero. Just, we'll just put names of show. Okay. Is that okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Five and four Lardardale says how about the animus family and taxi. Okay. Guess what? Five and four Lardardale, you might just have two. An executor here. Our Jackie Cucking was an admirable Jackie Cucking, He hooking bald headed right, Uncle Fester. And he used to be on Panama, I'm a quiz with Mike Stookey. I just mentioned that for Boca Brian. Nobody else would remember that. Taxi also says it's about the poor law. I don't know why. I don't get a lot of comments. Taxi. Okay. All right. Oh, and how about this this million dollar man? Somebody says it's what we gave you. It's same. This is really nice to go. That's what you heard is what you hear. Here's the fact this says Roxy Roker. Wow. We do all right. Roxy Roker. She's dead. Right. Remember? She was great. She played the black neighbor murder the white guy. Right. What's up with their name on the show? The Willis. Very good. Roxy Roker sang the theme song for the Jefferson. She with many crabutses mother. So Alan from LA, I wonder if that's Alan Peris. So what it is. It's right on the way. Oh, no. Oh, no. It's unbelievable. He's coming morning up. He's coming morning up. He's coming. Oh, welcome home. Will you look at the planet? It's not really amazing. He's going to be so much different. We finally got up here at the top. We've been so far in the kitchen. I've been on a bird home for a long time. To the cold I just ran in. I just took it up and he... Well, there you go. Alan Perus. He's to be the GM at Channel 4. I believe we're 10 or wherever. He's just a groupie of cest. I'm glad you're still alive. I'm still going to be. Because when you're out in LA, if it's not the mudslides of the earthquakes or something, they're going to get you. That's safe like in Florida. Thames songs. Here we go. My three sons, somebody says, I wonder if I have that. I got it somewhere. Just an honor of my friend, Don Grady. Man, he sure was pretty. Don Grady. And who was he doing? I always ask, see, we get back out of these things that I can't stop. He was doing that. What's your name? A fairer faucet. Okay. Before she jumped in that burning bed. Before she got raped in it. Whatever happened to her. She got to be like all drugged down. She turned into a mess. Yeah, we don't know if the drugs are to blame. There are theories. What do you mean by that? She could just be losing it. Or she's losing it. She's losing it. Well anyway, let's think of the old fur as faucet. All right. My three sons done Grady. He was banging her and the rifleman, which I've caught her as we thought yesterday was like, hey, or maybe like a swagger all the way. Swagger's pistol and the interaction with anybody would grab it. Hector says, my favorite child who came was the lone ranger. And when I was over a secret agent now, let's see. Then I said, I'm not going to get all my good stuff in here. Because I'm getting sidetracked with this. And it's so damn hard man to find he freck off all of these. The lone ranger I know is not on this one. I got it. I'll get that one on secret agent, which would be the Johnny Rivers, right? Right. Secret agent man. Damn it. It's on here. We do the rockford files that we put that on there or not. We did not either one. We didn't put the rockford files on there. We would also put it on. He did the show with the arch of the bench on the next. That's excellent. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. See, that's one of those words plain like a whole bunch of it because it's good. It's good. All the way through. Right. You don't think so? I do. I like that. And then there's a whole whole ranger. Right. Oh. Oh. There was a hole in it. I think. What? We. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The robots are dead. Let's go. Oh. Mary horse. Want me to lie? Mary horse with a speed of light. A cloud of dust and a party high Understood her for Wellnberger. But Welcome. With his faithful Indian companion approval the Devorean Resource Bowl You ask 이쁘 escaped with associated. But Erilly women it's not because my headstakes. No where will they get the first flag and one find a grieher champion of justice. I love the ways that champion of justice. Here's your secret agent name. Anybody who don't like John River to the communist. We got a secret agent name. And since it just happens to be on the same disk and it's like right side by each. Who's siding on? That would be telling. We want information. Information. Information. You don't get it. Here's come a rover in five. We will. Who are you? The new number two. Who is number one? I don't know. You are number six. I am not an unbi. I am a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. I'm not a free man. He cannot be the member of Congress. I have a very long way. He's off. I need to read a question. What if are the 1430 sorry for the first time you have escaped from a school? I don't understand. Still Kira and I can call you. So Officer G Liv�. I guess Mark, guess Mark we can put that on. It's not the one I was hoping for. The one I was praying for was I thought you were going to get a job. You're going to get a job, bro. America is acting in the song. You're going to get a job, bro. You're going to get a job, bro. America is the greatest man of all. I know you're doing great. I'll give you a round of applause. We know you're doing great. You're on the closet. We're on the guy. This is your life. Ralph Edwards. He must be dead now. Ralph Edwards. He's a guy like discovered Bob Barker or gave him a start. Something like that. And all the trivia we're getting from this all is useless. Primier for all those old Jews in the station. Man, I heard Hank talking about that there. They thought all the old Jews on QM Jews and Japs. Or maybe he said that to me yesterday. See, when you get old like that, you can't remember if he ate your routine in the morning. You were listening to Neil Roger S. Who was saying by him from your barbed wire. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. For others back and more popular than ever. God, and you can take that to the bank, man. It's a classic tale of good coffee. Can you and me work on a dance brother? Only this time. It's a sand coffee. Hey, Rose Davis. What's the word on the street, bud? Well, you're a model of saying that you did a tonic? Oh, is that right? Well, let me tell you something, brother. You got to pay to fair if you want to take the ride. You know what the hell is that? Spools of me. I'll tell you what it means, man. It means I hired a really expensive mouthpiece type lawyer. He's going to get me off the hook, man. But Reddust. Spat on TV. All day, every day on every cable news channel. Dead's dead, man. You got that, and it's don't come back again. Yeah, I said, never 15, run on him as NBC. Can it, Rose, third. So, don't watch for Reddust 24 hours a day. Keep your TV on and keep your eye on the sparrow. That's a name that I do. My friend. You're going to shut up for a great amount of heat. I'll whack you too. Okay, there you go. The parade on Bobby Blake, you're here, old. Bitch had to come and that's a pole on the cable. She's on the pole. Here's no street blues in the 18. Did we do the 18? I don't know. Josh says yes. Oh, it's a go on, eh? Team? It's on there. That's okay. I've got like 75 different discs going here at the same time. I should have one rose like multiple disc players. Can you tell me what's the number? Which one you have it? Which slot? Yeah, yeah. I know what's going on. I got in which slot. Okay, Mr. Y's asked. Let's see. Is that in this one here? You think? How much you want to bet abit youried parry's line of Tucson history? This one's gonna be un reconsiderable. Chкивatter She'sorsa What the heck? That's love when they gonna be winna know how to winna know. Were you ready for it? I'll see you on that field. yeah, I wanna be on that field. yes, sure. Pretty good team championships. Three-time DJs from our party to Jail on. Yeah. You're wrong me and I was one of the great shows thanks great dollars. I hope you enjoyed it. I didn't like it. Didn't somebody say Dallas or rather go to we put that on here? Pretty loud. Oh. And also somebody said I think I played it. I'm not playing it again. We did manage right? Yeah. What about? Oh. Very talented. Oh. Pretty loud. Pretty loud. Pretty loud. That's a crazy bunch of things. But more interesting. But more interesting was funny. We do the radio bunch. Oh yeah. I'm telling you what we did. That's going to get a million votes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Great show. And a great theme. What a combination. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Can we put me wish? We did know. Wouldn't I just, uh, go home. You know, David, this one's yummy? This is another one. Do you know that you're in Dick and Sergeant? This is the lesson. Take your disc. Yeah. Oh, you're right. Sorry. I apologize. I got you a moment. Yeah. Well, it's way goes. We should have just played there. Yeah. How about the monkeys? Resume. I'm just going to put a two-second of a bunch of the monkeys. Do we do Adam's family? Yep. Okay, and here's one, too. Another show I despised and I were liking it all. Cornpollum, man. What's the, uh, is it not my driver? What's the, what's the, a top show he's on? Matt Loth. Matt Loth. He's a little bit afraid. He's one step away from Barniple's Jones. All I do love that thing. And here's another one I'd like to get a few votes. Here and see. But the right. What you don't think? Oh, it's old, but it's a pretty good team. At least in its time, back in the day. Okay, if you, I feel like overwhelmed here. Do we do a hell stream? Okay, if you, I feel like overwhelmed here. Do we do a hell stream? Blue is okay. That's the Robert and the girl's springs. Long rangers secret agent, man. I might have some sons but I can't help it. Okay. Now let's take a couple of calls. Here's what we got so far. Miami by 39, Hawaii 5033. Sanford in Sun 21, all in the family 14. I'm reading these from this page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. I'm reading them from the page. Tonight show starring Johnny Carson. Wow. Man, we're getting really a lot. Sure could be Jay Lowe, right? That was the name of the show. Tonight show starring Johnny Carson. If I still had the disk in there, I would play that a little bit of that again. Do I have it in there? How do you know? Let me just check. All right. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. So, are we going to tell you that Jay Lowe has got a different theme for the night show than that? Oh, yeah. It's a trotist. Good. Let me be the worst choke of music. I'm going to be a big Johnny Carson fan in the world. Jay Lowe, no Johnny Carson. He's going to be like, no Jack Power or Steve Allen. He's going to be. He's going to be like they set out to make something really awfully sounding and succeeded. What's that? Jay Lowe. I don't watch this show. I also don't watch David Letterman. I also don't watch your cone hit or Brian. And who's the new geek they got on the night order? See most of us don't stay up. People living in breathing may have a job. They don't stay up to like one through to the morning to watch some guy sitting at a desk somewhere. Trying to be funny. Reading a bunch of crap at some other jackass road form. It just not my cup of tea. Now, a lot of you like that. That's right. Hope you know, I'll wedge your hungover. I'll pass on the couch. I hope you get an entertain. Okay. High school reunion don't have any Miguel. Tech or a few that don't have any Brady Bunch. I dream of Jeannie. I dream of Jeannie does have any votes yet. Holy moly. That is pretty sad. Here's some good news though. There may be hope in Gulfport, Mississippi. A library board reversed a ban on comedian John Stewart's best-selling satirical book which had passed because of its image of Supreme Court Justice's faces superimposed on naked bodies, which you can see on our website on thebeducurdonionarages.com. The Jackson George region, a library system boarded trustees, was criticized by local residents and emails from out of state after a band America. The book, a citizen's got to democracy in action last month. The trustees had said they objected to the image. But the board voted five to two Monday, lift a ban. The book was returned to circulation in the system's eight libraries yesterday. We've come under intense scrutiny by the outside community, said David Able's board chairman, we don't decide for the community whether to read this book or not, but whether to make it available. The book was written by Stewart and the writers of the Daily Show, nearer times best-selling list, Yadiyati. I think Walmart declined a stock of the book because of that picture, which includes full frontal nudity. The facing page has cut out to the nine justice's robes with the caption asking to restore their dignity by matching each justice with his or her respective robes. Board member David Able and opposed lifting the ban. Our library is not a trash bin for pornographic materials he said. Robert Willis, a library system director, all the Willis is all the time. You know what I'm saying? They're all over the place. The Willis? Robert Willis said Tuesday that the board members acted promptly and fittingly. They were 12 to 15 people in the audience and most woke up in defense of the book. He said the board response took me the input and made that decision. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. He said majority of the messages quit aside. The movie came from out of state. Ah, hot. Criticize the move. We got some absolutely nasty emails and telephone calls. You wouldn't believe. We were like, we are commonest fascists at the same time. We're these people. Any other idea? How do you like that? So they put the book back in there and these out of state or John provocateurs go mind your own business. Go to your own library and strip a polycrap. Or just go to your library and take down your pants and drop a polycrap. How do you like that? God, these people are just can't leave everybody else alone. All day the world's going to come to an end. You're looking at that picture. First of all, a whole thing is a satire. Okay, it's a spoof. It's a comedy. Okay. You have a sense of humor. You didn't think so. You idiots, you need to throw a. You've got squat lunatics. There's nothing funny about nudity. Somebody please come and save us from the crazy people. You know, IRS tax problems. You're going to be in driven crazy. Have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. Take a toll on you financially. Physically and emotionally too. And you can never really forget about the old IRS. Those problems come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat. CPHME buckwheat in the buckwheat tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever. Do we back peace of mind, which is why other top CPN law firms refer their clients to. The buckwheat tax firm when they got problems with the old IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution. Get all your unbound tax returns prepared even if he lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lean. Waves levied. Is that that lean on me thing we're doing yesterday? Would bill with his lean on me? Remember that? No. Yeah, you do lean on me and I turned on the TV show and it was a match game with Charles Nelson Riley. Well, you got worse Alzheimer's and I got old man, which is a supposed to have an IRS lean away to the baby. Maybe old payroll tax in penalties. Maybe one a settle for thousands less than the old need time to pay. Whatever your dilemma, the buckwheat tax firm can help you out. They offer free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief from the IRS harassment. If not sooner, and best of all you ever have to meet with the IRS because the buckwheat tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions you don't have to go. So column today nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred. Whether you're ten thousand dollars a million or anywhere in between an IRS taxes. The buckwheat tax firm can get that monkey off your back. Call to lay for a free consultation nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred. Or visit them on the wicked web at irisfreedom.com and stop fretting about the IRS knocking down that front door. Call them today and get that monkey off your back nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred. You're listening to Neil Roger. Exclusively on five six. What do you really rather have a problem? I've got to have a problem. I was in the comment. Yeah. I don't mind that I can't get any money. If not, you can't follow with me. Yes. What if you really rather have a hummer? We can get away with naming a vehicle like that because we're in giant mega-billion dollar corporation. It's actually a good thing that's really good. But we can't go back to the market. Well, we're going to try with these property points. You really rather have a hummer? You're not a commer. You're not being born in red, but bad. Well, we're not looking to keep weird. I was right. Well, before his sixteenths he'll know me. No, that was funny. That was very funny. That was great. I heard it. That's first. Oh, I see. I heard it. So I guess there's this man. And I stick those babies in my computer. I'm like, wait, I'm on top of it. I'm doing it. Do I Hugh Amon Southwater Commuter Services today? No, no, no. Come on. Just a few minutes. You get out there right now. The Oakwood Plains. And say, where is that van? Stopped. It's been the QM wheel for prizes in your free food. The Milani city sums were. What's his name? It makes a different steerier. Josh. What is it? Jason. That's known to two of the Oakwood Plains in Hollywood. Then joined George McGill and Volka Brian for a happy hour today. Five to seven treasure island. George will tell you all the inside stories about you getting the screwed over by fat boy. Located right off the palm net or just over the 126th street exit. Stopped by for free prize and joined dance specials all night long. See most people let him go to treasure island. They don't want to get screwed by fat boy. But we can erase case. Huh? But we could arrange it. Yeah. I think in your case it's already happening. WKRP and Cincinnati somebody says. Hi, this is Jim Vaggers for the message. For college graduates. Now what I wouldn't give to be in your shoes right now. I know personally that today's youth is concerned over America's secure. That's the wrong thing. What's more you earn your coveted lead. It's gold and the company of fine married men after home. He's easily eating. I would've missed a reason. See you. Recruiter. Just right back into human tale. Let's see. Another fake post trip to Paris started from this topic. But for this time he should be. The make was a mighty sailing man. This skipper brave and. See what we want to play with. Hello. This is Tim Reed. Hey. Hey. Hey. If you better be wanted. I'm good. What ever you think of. I'm good. I'm good. Not the air in Cincinnati. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Horrible show and an e-bore stream. I didn't. Somebody mentioned the rifleman. They might challenge our corners. Oh. It's up to you. I just think it's up. I don't know. Haha. Look at the pain. It's a rifleman. It's just. It's not a rifleman. It's not a rifleman. It's not a rifleman. It's just one of the only guys around here. I have aiti on track. Thank god. Can you say Chinese word? Come on. It was a strong sound. Maybe we can. Oh man, scared the living crap out of her. Wow. And Thrall, a real old fart, like me. Oh, oh, oh, do you still get that? Oh, my! Well, how do you miss your duty? Well, we can't say that anymore. How do you miss your little dance band? There was a nervous breakdown. So I've a nervous smith. Oh, here's another old timer one. Hello again, this is Jack Benny. Sounds like Greg Reap. We are going to the squad of world of golden television. We as performers shared with you the creative best in our lives. You saw the performers in your own big ugly glass picture tube. But one of the reasons both radio and television were able to provide free entertainment of the highest caliber was the advertisers who paid the bills. From television City and Hollywood, the Jack Benny's all around. But the official guest, Dan Daley, Kirk Douglas, Fred McMarry, 20 Martin and Dick Powell, presented by Lucky Strike. LSMFT man Lucky Strike means find a backo. Now, did we do this? The outer limits? Yep, yet. There is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission. We will control the horizontal. We will control the vertical. We can change the focus to a soft blur. We are not controlling it with 7D. We will control it with 7D. I am just trying to make you tell me about the participating of great adventure. That is good. You are about to experience the fall and mystery, which reaches from the inner mind to the outer limits. Oh my god. Wow, and then there is always always. Quinn, I am glad you like the motorway. I know there is a lot of work on it. Quinn, please do not throw a shadow. Now, Shannon, do not shadow. I am glad you like it. Look what just came in on our facts. This is Raymond Burke. In this short announcement, we are going to tell you much. You can get the latest information about research by writing to NIH, but as the Maryland, 2-0-0-1-4. That is pretty good. That is pretty good. Let me get some votes for him. And of course, also, man, I have actually got the eyes of the motorway for this one. This is Shirley Jones working in the United States and overseas. We heard about David. He was working on the overseas too. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. He was working on the overseas. David, the cashity is appearing right now. I believe falls from casino and aggr falls. Okay. Well, as I just mentioned that in passing, case anybody's been coming up at this time, they are kind of doubting it. He was looking for a loan. But that's where he is. He's still doing it. He's still performing, he's still holding great. But yeah, don't get into a beautiful new casino. Don't go to the gamble. place and they got a great buffet. Now let's see, a horse is a horse to Mr. Ed. I don't think we got Mr. Red on this disc. I don't want to keep changing discs. It's a little bit too much work for an old fart like me. It'll be like my get in the 430 tomorrow. I'm too old for that. Hey, Josie, you're an idiot man. Now we know why Josie is so with the outlaws. I think he's one of them. Let's see. Here's one from John and Helen. Dale, favorite TV thing, all the time. Raw, hi. Oh, I bet you that's on here. You think? It should be. Huh? I'm one of these. One of these too that I got right here. Raw, hi. We're now not going to find raw, hi. What the hell was in that show? We're just stalling for time on, queuing it up. This is Clint Eastwood. Born at join your friends and choose a career of patriotism. You'll bring honor to yourself and win the admiration of the entire free world. This is Clint Eastwood saying so long and best of luck. Oh, I'm really sure if we did this one out of better be on there. Hi, I'm Megos. The next album, like, oops. Oh, yeah. Here comes the one we all know and love again. Could be. That was the original soundtrack of real of Lucy Fiend, which was first heard on television in September 1951. I guess he depends on that. I think that's my favorite challenge for the green one is his aide, Kato, and they're rolling our son old up like a duty. On police records, they wanted criminals. The green one is really grip free, former publisher of the Daily Sentinel. His URI does it. No one always do his secretary and the district attorney. And no, we protect the rights and lives of decent citizens, drive the green one. That's right. That's right. So originally on a radio, it was on WXYZ Detroit, both shows, Batman and the green hermit. This little trivia there just goes to show you when you have 110 years old. Remember all of these things. Nobody else cares about them, but you say, hey, you know this. Nobody knows about it. We put them to care. Pinsets down here. I'm at about Route 66 and 77. Sunset strip. We get them on here. Yeah. Oh my god. Look at this. We're a little behind of the facts. Oh my god. Well, this is on the bottom of the facts files. This is a panic. Yeah. This is from obviously one of Stan's big fan. Not, it's an old I.N.Z picture card of Stan Major. It says, hey, Fad, I asked, did you mention me on your schmitty show? If you did, F off, love, no talent stand. That is beautiful. Somebody on it. Does it have a name any word of thing too? No. Look at that. Jack. We're John. I think it's Jack. Hi, Jack. See that? Maybe Stan got hijacked. Through the way. Maybe he's up there with Holly and that's playing. I'm guiding life. Oh, scoophil, I'll have a plan. Whatever your name is Sebastian. Well, I'm turning my mind. He's just all over the place. Just like spinning. I think it's not that we're back on ten to two. I have the feeling that we got our show back. We got our lives back with all the respect to Stern and his audience and everything else. That was a disaster. That was a absolute, it was unacceptable. It was an act of lunacy. You have to be a crazy person to be doing what they did to us, right? Always did look around. That's why in this contract mad dog. And my contract now says 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. period. No 9 to 1. No 10 to 45. No 11 15. No like whatever. And how somebody else decides to finally give up the ghost and go home. 10 to 2. That's it. What a concept. The show that actually starts at the same time every day. For our county commissioners on Tuesday, the late of the season. Whether the conduct of March 8th, the anti-Rapherendant negotiators can hammer out of the other. They're going to hammer it out. With a permutual interview of our how many millions little paid to install slot machines and county tracks and one highlight fron time. Have some nice one time at the high-life fron time. Commissioners explain the post-bomb by saying leave. Setting the election is the only negotiating point they have with the county to raise tracks and one fron time. Which badly want to get a march vote on approved slum machines and facilities. The only time I have any leverage to sitting the votes at the Howard Mayor Kristen Jacobs. The negotiators just scheduled a continued in-hawks today. It looks like next week they'll set the schedule. About how much money they're going to give to the cities into this, net and how my end that's seven. So I go to a whole thing in the Sun's Channel. It'll be on the schedule for next week. The agenda still set the election. It'll pass overwhelmingly like it did last time in November. Both they had in Broward. They'll have slots in the casinos. The world will come to win and then they end the ends where I cut and I'll have to notice despite their own face. They'll be able to put in real slot machines and make that much more money themselves as short setters and you happen to be, okay? Put away those bows and arrows and get what I'm out of need, please. I like to relax by having very magnalling massage my balls while listening to them. Your relationship with them, they do begin to know for the one who's slightly older. People magazine voted you in, the sexiest men's going to you might find someone with their own brains and personality are Gulf actors, ... Come on to a 5.50. You're welcome. Here's one of the best things I'll ever manage. I know I got that here somewhere. I'll give it to you. I'll find it. I'll let you know. Not a good show though. Well, cops. One. Oh, cops. Sorry. I'm going to go over Leo to the capital of sessions. She said, baby, crack it. Where am I going to find that? Boop. How do you like that over here? All around the mountain top and here. The street. The street. The state. The land of the free. Raised in the woods. So is he new every tree. Kill him. My bar. When he was only three. Baby. Baby. Baby. Crack it. Kill the wild frontier. Okay. Okay. Okay. Better station calls. These people have been ringing a phone off of them. We've been doing all this facts. We had 80 million facts yesterday. Right. WQM. Hello. How about love of that can stop? Love American style. Yeah. That's so good team. Okay. Thanks. Love American style. Right. What do you mean? I think I have that in here. We have the scene. To love American style. Oh, no. I like that. Oh. It's magic. Do you wanna put your money on that, like that. Oh, I'm ready to stop. All right. Oh, you got to do it. Oh, you got to do it. You got to do it. Oh. Oh, I actually found a disk at the right thing now. Wow. We don't have today. It's going to take me about two hours to get all these Disspecking or right, uh, things. But nobody's checking it out. Nobody will know. I'm also opening up a stupid mouth. stupid mouth I got manics you want him anics to have a lover queue up here I got it okay there they're there that's the best that's the best thing ever that's what we're gonna pick up oh I got a much better one than that it's on the same list though I certainly have to change to flip my disc I might flip my flip a little bit okay come on get serious and we all along hey Luke what you got here Luke another one look at me and guess what else is on the same disc which I played for you earlier this morning it command performance all right okay I'm gonna tell me out with this fact is this a theme song that I don't know which one it is that was hoping you wouldn't know it's now that we don't move to the beta just one drum what might be right for you might not be right for some oh no this is that that's our different strokes oh I got that embarrassed that I know I'm here it actually have a better one oh oh I got it I got it I got it I got it I got it I'm going to go hide my head okay now wait a minute I just got through that was the lost in space which I was on the list Superman Batman do we do Superman maybe you did or if it was a time going I'm bigger part and if it was time only gonna hand 20 ID what the hell one on my on here oh it just went from cut 65 to cut number one that's because there ain't no 65 what am I looking for we didn't do Superman didn't we no you're looking for different strokes oh that's Batman be it no that's later for forget about that I always asked this before but how come with some of these people it either played Superman either committed suicide like George Reeves and Bud Khaer who played him on a radio and then of course Chris Reeve who like that a wicked death right I guess they went through super after all that a watch of that one that's gonna start slow on speeding bullet all our powerful and all locomotives they will believe all buildings that are single bound I'm sorry it's a fire it's a train it's a yes it's super bad strange visitor from another planet who came to work with powers and abilities bar beyond all the portal meant Superman who can change the course of mighty rivers and steal in his bare hands and who described this clock fence mile-banner reporter for a great matter about the newspaper pipes are never ending battle for truth justice and the American way the American way of the life that either there I didn't go anywhere what am I near you by the way we were off the air for while or something there was a power there was a power glitch and everything shut down over here well don't tell me am I here I've been here all along and the go for I thought we were doing a show when I like what time I'm a how long were this happened I'm I'm in the past turn and what does that mean there we can't have a power flicker they're like all the like stuff man if you know you blow your pathetic every time I'm pigeonfarts man you guys the power goes up that's they start for the effort away and then please don't tell me that whatever I just played before then didn't get on the air what was it was so important nothing got on the air as far as I know what do you mean by that but since ten o'clock right over with an off I just got through playing like actually these seconds no more than maybe somebody says the gober powder show is that interesting that years later now that Jim neighbors is out we understand of all how gomer got his piles yeah speed race it is play speed race I was playing a speed race or a parody and I played maybe crock it the neck it on the air for Carolyn yeah maybe I played one step captain Kirk this is Lieutenant of Hura Mr. Spock is ready to punch you see King of Hura's Spock I'm on the surface of the destroyed by Gary and planet now captain destroyed what do you see Mr. Spock it's surviving inhabitants are in a dreadful condition it seems they can't control their limbs and their minds are dull they're malice fascinating they seem to be in a state of they may be a picture of this twenty something fraction thank you so much called hard drug abuse I suspect it is destroyed all meaning for life on this wretched black a tragic find Mr. Spock as a Vulcan I find a need for hard drugs to be totally illogical but as a half human spock surely you can appreciate the suffering that hard drug abuse causes we can only hope that others civilization will mark me the same state I mean like that start drug piercing space of final frontier ease of the voyages of the starship enterprise it's five year mission to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go and know man has gone before okay we got start wreck we do that no here's life's our five camps yeah no Who bad nobody out of the 80s of 100 listening anymore today? But that's okay. All of us old farads were having a good time. Josh is probably wondering, what is this music and what would he show us? Aren't you wondering? Yeah, that's what I'm wondering. Why? Why do you have a news for you, man? I don't care what you say, whether it's sports or anything else in the world. One thing about television, the golden days of television are long gone. That's not a debatable point. Am I right, George? Or are there dollars the shield? I'm not going to argue with you there, but I just haven't heard most of these. Well, so they can like an education. I mean, the price is right. You might learn a little bit of a sign on that's dangerous. All right, so we'll update a little bit. I'll play a little something in your finger with your friends. Who's excited? No. And why do you need blue, man? Everyone. Well, here's one. This would be tough now, let's bring care of one. Oops. Well, you have a left. I can't tell if he was over there tight. Oh, and then there's always. There's always. Man about you. Is that just the one? No. You know, thank God. Tell me, oh, no, no. I love your line that's new. No thanks. And if you thought that was bad, wait till you hear me. Oh, no. Oh, no. Here's on here. You get the votes, man. Oh. No one's close. That was. Please. So close. I don't go. I don't go. I don't go. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no. I don't go. I don't go. Oh, no. I don't go. I don't go. Oh, no, no. I don't go. I don't go. I don't go. I don't go. Oh, give me a break. Hey, listen, it was money popping a man. He's still got joy. And he's like all with toughened to a frenzy. And he's still all. It's almost as good as tears. You know, real crap. 12, 14 at 5, 60, WCM. We got the mole man in two. We got the man dog in four and then we got hurricane stuff. You're a sense of me. You're a Roger. Exclusively. On 5, 60, and I got your breath so beautiful. All of a man I got his toeniers. To find out who will be the next un-of-marish him. I don't. To buy one tender heart. 5, Dallas has covered one creeps. Face the judges. Who will be eliminated? Will it be? Muhammad. Muhammad. Muhammad. Muhammad. Or Muhammad. And now. Be endless, near. We will destroy. God, they say, God. When they're done, each un-American performer is judged on the spot by an un-American idol judge. Like Simon. We'll know, Muhammad. I thought your performance was repugnant. Repulsive, revoking, and otherwise, still fabulous. I'm not American Idol. When following on stage, makes out a whole new meaning. Oh, Simon, you're so fine. You're so fine. You're my main assignment. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm American Idol. Where even the winners are losers. From 17 to 5, 60, W. 2 AM, happy Wednesday, 2 AM. Here's what we've got so far. Your favorite teamy theme of all time from any all kinds of shows. What do you like? What do you like? What do you got? It's really nine votes is what we got. And the course, all right, man. Here's my bonus. I have to go downstairs. All right, why me play something? Hello. Hello. Yeah. What's the one? What's the one? Hello. I mean, he's there. He's on the phone. What is it? Okay, I won't see you. Chris, hi. Wow, that's good. It's my mail. It's finally. Well, that's interesting. Because the mail is finally starting to show up. Good. The mail has been very, very slow. I told you that since the new year, and of course, here, we've got too many holidays. All I guess the working people are like it. The Monday has to be illegal holiday. That's the law. It's the law. Speaking of law in order. I already played that in there. Yeah. No, I didn't. If we do. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, Alan, we can live without that. John and South Carolina says, they watch. The most watched TV show in the world. Okay. It is. That's what they're that default. Yeah. We believe it. No, you know. Sure. Given temperatures, Barney Miller. Who's in that? What's the guy's name? Oh, man. Come on. We have Corny old time. He's pretty good though. He tried to be a singer a little bit there. He did. Cornball. Hey, Vigota. No. He was there. Oh, I got. I can't believe this. You got that? It's in the DCS. The run-in-sins. I didn't like that for quick. How was that quick? I just picked up the fashion. It is, baby. Under TV team. That was. I was doing my job. How do you like that? Oh, it must be my lucky day. How was it? Oh, Alan. Oh, Alan. I was right. How? How Lyndon? I thought he said, how Luria. How Luria? How Luria? Hollywood is. Mike Lang would say if they were playing hockey, which they're not. No hockey boys and girls, by the way. They were supposed to have some meetings, so last week and they said, ah, forget about it. Let's see. Here's a fact that says from Chris. Now, listen, Chris, one thing we don't like is being corrected. Okay. So if you want to see more naked pictures on there, which you seem to be enjoying. Don't be starting a nitpick with us. Chris, first he says, Janet Du Bois. We'll learn from good time. We'll sing and wrote the theme from the Jefferson's. Well, how do you like that? All right. Okay. What you see, I like good times. I'm going to play it again to another spite. Fucking find it. Good time. Let's roll with that theme. It's great. I hate it. Why? It sucks. Well, how about sex in the city? They suck. What do you like about that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? That's a good one. That's a good one. How about the practice? Make perfect. Oh. We all did. The practice. Why does he have a practice show? I'm playing some recent stuff in all blows. Like Malcolm in the middle. Yes, no, maybe. No. I don't know. Can you repeat the word? No, no. Yeah, not the boss of the night. Yeah, not the boss of the night. Oh, forget about that. Aliens? Never seen it. Never seen it. And then this one, which is where most of these things belong. Six feet under. Oh. That's it. That's it. That's it. Fine. Yeah. Fine. Yeah. Yeah. Well. It's a good one. Oh, no. I played one before the show this morning. It could be to me the most aggravating theme of it. Oh, I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. See, the going about their animated ways. I mean, this show is out in South Florida. We got a lot of Jews in New Yorkers who understand the initiatives like Commended to her in school in school. But, you know, middle America and like in the month one prayer states, they didn't know from Michelin Schlemmazola especially, okay, liver and surely. So both of you have cast a voice. Okay, get lost. Anyway, also Chris says, Connor has spelled with a cane out with a seed. Did I already say that before? So big the old Josh made a mistake. Believe me, it's not as first. It won't be as last. Just like picking a culture with a Patriots on Sunday. Bad move. Okay. Don't count your picture reason to lay heads. I was looking at Sandy Peyton Manning's record against the Patriots. I was reading some of the Boston Grilled this morning and believe you me. I was looking at the Patriots. In fact, he's got a perfect record in New England. Your home in the games he's won there. Zero. Oh. And then it says, God bless you for the corner cova and person dump picture. So you see, maybe he's smelling wrong, but two cares about spilling when you're sniffing and it's smelling, right? Right. Gary says, start directly next to generation. Okay. I don't have that. Do we have a bit, but we don't have it. Also, it says, Algebra was the theme from Moonlighting. Moonlighting. I don't even know what that is. Some one-back run. So I got it. No, we could change. That's a huge reward. Now, what's good about that? You got me? I mean, I bet you love good times compared to that. Uh, no, maybe. I'm playing good times all day till tour of five. Okay. I'm going to play the house in. Okay. I'm going to put that on your fan. If not, that's okay with me too. I'm going to play the double rock run out. Now, here's a fact from John and Cleveland, who obviously also needs some serious help. Maybe he's hearing some sounds from me. Although, up there, I don't think he's hearing the Spanish language music in the back. On the internet. If they said, we had the theme from the White Shadow. Basketball, show from late 70s early 80s. Never heard of it. Don't have it. The White Shadow? I don't know what the theme sounds sound. The White Shadow? I don't know what the theme sounds sound. The White Shadow? I don't know what the theme sounds sound. I'm not looking at it. It's got some obscure stuff. Let's see. Well, so let's not obscure. Manics, rockford files, Charlie Zandles. 77 senses of Vegas, Peter Gunthin. We got Canon. Oh, Canon, I got to play that. Get that on there. I know where Canon. I know, cop show you don't like it. You're looking at things, though. Because he was sped, you don't like fat people. Huh? It's a good theme song. I would just hold it. They're just going to die. Oh, well, he's dead. See, there's a proof. Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! It's not a great thing to learn. Oh! Oh, though, I'd find a big joke. The end of it is the part of the thing. But I don't want to listen that long. I mean, the view. Hard to heart. Oh! This is my boss. John, I've been to her. Yeah, my opinion. Oh, great. I should find a guy. Oh, this is my assistant. She's gorgeous. Now, what about the Remington Steel? How much longer did he throw over the way from this one disc? What about it? Are we putting it over? If you want, whatever, I don't know. It has a worth of money. What about wild honey? Who? Wild honey. I mean, what that show here is Hawaiian. I know that's still wild honey. Oh, boy. No wonder that show is not anymore. I didn't know that our former Karl Wash guy had his own show. Spencer for hire. You turned on his Spencer okay. He's probably dead. And speaking of Richard Jensen, which we were only moments ago not, how about Harry O. Harry, oh! Dean from Czech, may do know that show. Never heard of it. Ten speed in Brownshoe. Hey. I don't know if he had that. I don't know if he had that. He's feeding Brownshoe. I don't know. Of course last wish we already played. Good. This should get a lot of votes. Megan for you. That's good. And Higgins by the way, I'm sure. In fact, I'm so much holding a press conference to see if I can win out of the minute is not good. I'm so excited. There's a great team from an awful, awful show. Have you ever watched that show? You probably wouldn't visit the comp show. It's just horrible. It may give us all comp shows a bad name. Next week, you have them, no, no. Anyway, John and Cleveland says, also, please insert more flat children's jobs and the things you play. Thanks. Yeah, I hope you have all of us. One would be. He would be a raspberry. Huh? He would be a raspberry. He would be a raspberry. He's not here now. This guy didn't get the memo from Joyce. We aren't doing no more flat children sounds. The best we can do is that and like, that's it. That's about as close as we can come to being amusing. We don't want to be too amusing because Joyce is a humorless bitch. Okay, basically sort of boils down. She asked if her tech doesn't protect our license. Which they should have been thinking about by the way a long time ago. 28 page new in a QAM. I'm not saying to me, right? That's lucidly. What? What? What? When? I'm not saying to me. I didn't think my little guy was ever going to run. He was like, make all the noise. And one day his first word, your mother sucks. It smells. I make sense. Mama feeds you, right? The second word. Second word was hell. I guess that's the word he probably heard. His third word, I was kind of hoping it would be that all right. But it wasn't. It sounded like you. We were, we were, we were. But actually, turns out it was McDonald's. You guys go to McDonald's with Mama. That's me. Do you want to go there? Let's, I feel like Mama takes you. Mama takes you. Me? No. Come on. That has go to hearty's. Hearty's new monster thick burger. With four strips of bacon, three slices of cheese, and two thirds of a pound of human flesh. Because McDonald's is great. When you're at this place by the Lord of Darkness. The film is as a registered trademark of McDonald's corporate. Oh, man. It's the monster burger. They keep moving the fate of the people in the monster burger. But let's say they're having a good time. Okay. They're going to die with a smile on their face. They're going to be like, right? Right. Search for weapons and ask destruction. Officially comes to an end. Oh, no. The hunter biological chemical and nuclear weapons at Iraq is coming to an end. Nearly two years after prison and bush ordered US troops to the Sarm-Sautomu scene. The tough CIA weapons hunter was home, aimless to back it lightly, and nothing. An interview is officials who served with Iraq, sir, but a group said violence in a rack couple of days lack of doing information. Led them to fold up the air for shortly before Christmas. Four months after Charles Delphor who led the weapons hunt in 2004, summoned an interim report to Congress that contradicted nearly every pre-war assertion about Iraq made by top administration officials. A scene when told as officials said the findings will stand is ISST's final conclusions. And we published this great. In other words, not often zippity do not at ain't there. But we didn't go there because they were a threat or because it was that mushroom cloud was coming because it had weapons of mass destruction. We went there to have free and democratic elections. Oh, well, we made that up anyway. Make it look good. You know, so many people die now. Every day we can't even keep track of it anymore. And nobody seemed to like he sensitized. And somebody made a very good point of coddle I read yesterday I believe in the Toronto star. And it's wonderful that people are raising all of this money for these tsunami family victims of the families of the victims, etc. You there? Hello? Yeah, I was just looking for the excuse to bust out these and the Indian buildings. How often do you get to hear it? Exactly. Indian Indian music. Are you back? Can't you hear me? I can hear you now. Well, what that was at all about? Yeah, we set the towels. Well, what's going on here today? You tell me? We're not having those good hands. We were. We're not having those good hands. We're not having those good hands. We're not having those good hands. We're not having those good hands. But it gets a story. And before we lose the aligning and we got a read fast. So good thing I reset the towels there. See me, Rogers, engineer. I keep cooking model wash even though he's told to get up at 430 in the morning. So, because I just do as he landed. Rogers, Arkansas, my hometown. There's a reason mom says to always have a fresh pair of underwear. The Rogers city attorney learned as we've been to attract rescue helicopters. Van Lipscomb found himself lost in the flooded backwards of Bayou Mido, this week Bob Duck hunting with his laboratory ver. Josie Wales. Oh, the outlaw on Josie Wales. He or she have the soft fits to get us to it or later. Sooner or later. He only managed to make it out by tying his white brief to the end of his own gun barrel, waving them at the Arkansas State Police helicopter. Checked out in full camouflage hunting gear, Lipscomb was practically invisible, as the helicopter made several passes at dusk. They had passed over me a couple of times. He told the morning news of Northwest Arkansas. After he was safe in sound back at a city hall desk, I knew I had to do something. We get the retention. And anticipating your cold night, the wilderness. Lipscomb drank dirty bayou water and ate a raw duck breast before he was spotted. Oh, God. A raw duck breast. Lipscomb had been, have you ever eaten duck? Yeah. Very gamey. Very fatty, very fatty, very fatty. Dark meat. Oh, man. Let's get it been in the flooded timelinder hall a while reservoir for about 12 hours when he was rescued. He went out with two other men and already shot a couple of ducks when he was dogs, but at a hosted ducks a few hundred yards away. After killing and bagging for them, he realized he didn't know where the bolt was. I got turned around. I started walking in the general direction where I thought the bolt was, but it wasn't. I just wanted to say that I was going to get the bolt to the bottom of the door. If I had been to the police, I probably would have frozen it out there. It was a real humbling experience. So you like it? Can you see this guy on you better talk? A full man. So we're back on how long were we having out? I heard you playing whatever that was for that lake to turn. Wow. A couple of minutes? About that. Two minutes. Good thing I rushed right over there and turned to get some dead telos. But definitely nobody there in a building is going to help us out. We can't help us. That's what we have to do. It's pretty sad commentary here at QM. But we have any kind of a technical screw up. We have to get our phone call from an engineer or a PD and another station in town. Then tell us how to stream it all out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, we apologize for our technical incompetence and stupidity. But we had nothing to do with that. Tom 5, 6, the enterprise and singular wireless line. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. QM. Yes. Want to talk to Neil? Speaking. Neil. Yep. What about the team from the team dancer? Pink Panther. You got a man. Okay. Thank you. Did your son or his guy? Was that a good show? Yeah. There were a few cartoons or whatever. We've seen a lot of them. They're looking at the movies for some reason. Let's see. Let me see if this star trick is the same as the one I've heard. Obviously not going to have the PSA for drugs. Did we do manage? I guess we did manage to do drugs. Lalo's sure for no I did not. Sort of hurt my time. Here's why I was going to get a few hosts even though I can't stand her and I hated the show and it was a heart. You could dive over the free even rather. She did you care so no one would do. Don't look bar, but from the bar to go. I had a watch. Was a system really cool? He is a girl from the first proper enough. She have noxious mood. Quite. I think that was the idea. Yeah, but just two of noxious. Every time it up for it. How long? About a swan. Huh? Good thing. Should let it play to the hook. Sounds like shaft to me. Yeah. We're going to have the same error. Yeah, obviously with the thought shaft. He's speaking the shaft. Yes? How much shaft? That was a TV show? Sheriff? I didn't see shaft. Yeah, there. What does he know? He's in the movies. I don't know. I just said there was. It's just the passage of time. You know what? Your mind like him. I'd like to throw the drugs. Oh, what is this? We're going to shoot. You put that fist again. I said. You put the fire by the power of the earth. Yeah. Probable. And well, it's making our dreams come true. The name of the song. That's just another virgin, the same horrible thing. From an awful, awful, man-day rotten, two-due-ey show. The Vernon Scorley. Yeah, every version is horrible. Oh, now, speaking of Jose Feliciano. Oh, yeah. How about Chico and Amana? Okay. Come on, Jose. Here's the microphone, so I'm ready for it. Let's go. Don't be just screaming. The man can't show up on this man. Okay. Chico. Go on that. Now, didn't somebody say different strokes and I couldn't find it. Yeah, I apologize for doing that in the middle of lunch hour. You were listening to me, Roger. You were listening to me. On 566, you were a... This is Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC and over-lord of DCCC. You're probably my two-bular legs tightly together to make my voice as high. How can I help you? This is one of your 28 concerned Christians who want everybody to be just like us that always writes a call of you. Always a pleasure hearing from you. What can I ban for you today, my Holy Sister? Well, I'm watching TV, Land, and they're running an old show from the 60s that I believe is course and damaging to the tender minds of our trophy children. What shows is this? Well, I can only say the middle name. Then, what's the first name? It's saying as our decent vice president. Dick, yes. And the last name? The vice president's daughter. Dick? Yes. And Dick? Oh, Lord, forgive us. I will be both those words on the list. I'll issue a directive to have the show permanently banned from the airways. And, sipped fines for any mention of Dick and Dick. I love you. I love you. You too, honey. I wish, plan. F***er. F***er. F***er. Go... F******er. F***er. F***er. This is Dick band, I asking you to listen to this song. Good night. Galley? Spot you like that. That was great for a segue, huh? That was really good. Cucy. Now great was Cucy. OK. ACING. The alien troubled by Chertop nominates, I still say he looks like a terrorist to me. Doesn't he? He looks like like the evil, some bit rather in a movie. Yeah, he looks like he's part of the evil empire. He's an evil doer. And of course, if Bush doesn't come in, he'll know you. The ACI news said yesterday this troubled by the nomination of US George Michael Chertop to end the Department of Homeland Security. He made me cut a cheese doll from a South with Chertop. The ACI news said it takes no position on the nomination, but we're troubled that Chertop's public records exist, but he sees the bill arises in obstacle to national security, rather than in God book for how to do security properly. The ACI news said sure it's been a vocal champion of the Bush administration's pervasive belief that the executive branch could be free of many of the checks and balances that keep it from abusing its immense power in our lives and liberty. The group added his nomination instead of the Department of Homeland Security, a new and uncessed agency with great influence on several liberties, means that Chertop should be questioned aggressively to ensure his fitness for the position and the strength of his dedication to the bill rights. But that's what they'll do. They'll question him aggressively, and then the role of him played dead with the Democrats always do. That's a new game plan. That's where we need Howard Dean. He demand, baby. He wants to be the head of the DNC, and I say vote for him right now. Five six seven. We need to get a lot of these calls, and because I'm sure there are many fantastic things. Just because we're putting on the ones that are gone here, right? Right. Which I don't have a mall. I've got some, how about do we put this on? No. No, got it. No, let's see who's the most annoying person from the actual was it Tom Bosley? Was it Fanzi or was it Ron Howard? The first two. It would be between them. But you're wasn't Scott Bayell while telling that. A little potty shirt would get a leg. He really looked with William's, is there just a joke? Or did I just make that up? Now let's see, how about this one? And I know this is going to get votes, and I'm surprised nobody said it yet. Or did they get said? I don't hear it yet. Oh, there it's a photo. Yeah. Somebody said it. Partie Miller. And I was trying to think of what the guy's name wasn't used to it was how was it? Thank you. How did that surprise me? I never go to a woman. Coooner. Hi, Miller. You got it, I think. And what about, did we put this on? One upon a time. There was three little girls who went to the foodies together. Tell me, do you know what? It says, the little girl. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. And they would eat your sign. Very hazardous. New days. There's nothing worth to say. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. There's nothing worth to enhance it as duty. I'll tell you that. And there's always. Team from dynasty. This is. This is here. I think from dynasty. Why did you ever watch dynasty? No, not really. But. I heard the thing. I watched Falcom press because your favorite actor was a man. Yeah. It runs along. Yes, he does. Okay, boy. It's a library. Hey, don't be that. It Lorenzo Lama's baby. I got news for her. He was about as pretty as they come for about five minutes there until somebody hit him with the ugly stick. What was that movie? He was in my kid wrestling with his snakes. Well, anyway. Snake right. Draw a second of safety. Talk about that. Five, six, seven. Seriously. He was in a movie where he was wrestling snakes in a, in a crick or a lake or something. So like that. Was that really it? There were like three of them or something. Three or what? He had three of those movies. Wow. I thought they were about you. I'll be damned. Five, six, seven, five, six. We moved right along. Don't forget to enjoy George McGill on Boca Brian all the purpose for happy already. Five is seven to treasure island right off the palm. It'll just go to the hundred twenty-second three days. When you stop by, be sure to ask George about how fat boy really screwed him over a big time and why he's not getting paid the and not doing this. Fossil and Tommy squeaky voices on her instead. Stop by for free. Price and enjoy dance specials all night long. And treasure island five to seven days. Wednesday. It's treasure island day, right? And George wants to get paid. He's going to get in the screw over by fat boy. AK, AJ of high. We're tired of fat boy. And don't be ever, ever send a me another piece of that copy you sent me a Fashme yesterday. Talk about lazy. See one thing I know from personal experience. Fat people were lazy. That's why I don't want to get up for thirty and morning for too many in the or any other amount. Lazy. Something I couldn't do it. I'm just too lazy to do it. Would you want to do it? Hello. For too many in here? Well yeah. Oh yeah. WCWM. Hello. Pretty good, pal. Listen. Got one for the post. But I do have one for yesterday that we left off. I was really bored. But we left off a whole bunch. Okay. Well, how are we firing seeing we left off even? How about a stuff that's the one I'd like for who? Eight is enough with Dick Van Taden? Oh yeah. And the one from yesterday I think is very important is Bill Kamali should have been on that. I missed the MS holiday. He's been no more pulls for Bill. We couldn't probably pull. I got you there. That's part of his punishment. We took all his pulls away. Eight is enough. I don't have that thing. I do remember Willie Eonsville. I show. You see I just mentioned Scott Bayland Willie Eons. Eight is full. That awful show Charles and Charles is horrible. And here comes eight is enough with Willie Eons. And what's his name? Dick Van Patton. Who was the father of Vince Van Patton? Was that very mediocre actor, but very very good tennis player. Pretty. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty under Verizon. See you know I was just yesterday. See you must because I'm getting old. I'm too old for all of this. Oh well I never wild. I love those shows I never watch day. We even back then just because they were pretty people on it you know. Right. I don't know. I mean, yeah. I don't understand. A lot of these people. I guess it's the ones who are getting any you know. If you got to sit around and just watch TV shows to see somebody beautiful. I mean it's fine. But you know, I prefer a hands-on experience myself. Yeah. Some people are married you know. In other words, they're not getting any for like years. Five, six, seven, five, six. Like Tom five, sixty on the well except one of course they're least expected Verizon and Singin' a wireless lens. WCWA and hello. Yes sir. Hey there are two things number one that are the theme from what the TV show in the seventy swans. I probably have a little bit of that. In fact I might just play a little bit of an hour since you can't get up the here it is. Did this happen to be in there? Is that it? That's what? Yeah. One and out. There you go. Okay. And that's it. Why don't we got a pick on Joe's a Gackie. I think he does a good job on the hurricane. Oh, he's the worst. He's the worst I've ever heard in my life. Are you kidding me? He's got a lot of like a dead man. Have you ever bought Casita sporting event? Yes right. Did you and I did you and baseball for six seasons or you? No. No. What? No. I didn't broadcast you and baseball? No, you didn't. Okay. Whatever you say. I just made it up. He's got me confused with Greg I guess. Five six to have an 0.50 655 city and a Verizon and a singular wireless line. No, I've never broadcast baseball or hockey or basketball or football. I've never done this since I just dreamed it. WQAM. Hello. Here you go. What's going on? How you doing sir? I'm not bad. I don't know if maybe I tuned in late but what about the classic Hawaii 50? Got it. It's on your man. It's got to be the fuck. But a while I went further. It's on your man. In fact, I'll play a little more Hawaii. All of this isn't a good one but it's the best right in your right now. Very good. Beautiful. Okay. Bring back the memories of my little hero. Okay. This is the one. It's not like one camera. Wait. What? Did we put green acres on there? We just let's go before this. That's what we're doing. Okay. All I don't want to hear him is singing. Is that any Albert? I don't think he sings it. Maybe he does. I think you're wrong. That would be scary if it was. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. What is that? He's on my head. Barley. Barley. Spendouts. Barley. There you are. Man, haven't you just come in and come and play the song? I know I said I know I had the Albert, Mr. I'll tell you right now. He didn't see the bread of a paper sack. He was stuck in oozy up his ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. This has been pretty good that I'm amazed at that. Because I don't like repeating this stuff too often. But I think it's been a couple of years. Right since we've done this. Sure. Log it up. First of the last time we did it, we didn't keep going off the air all the time in the middle of the show. I don't know what that's all about. First of all, you said you had a power figure down there. Every time it happens, there's a bit of a flicker. Yeah. And then we went to still happening now. Well, it hasn't happened since the last time. Right. But what would that have to do with my having to reset the tell us? Because I'm sure was on your ring. Because I was here in you, fine. Couldn't be on this end. Always on that end, man. There's always something with a bitter QA in there. I think God is punishing the beesleash in great reading there. Grow test behavior in the recent months, man. It's been just unbelievable. First incredible. Startin' with the way they've ported over a poor Joe Rose man. That was bad. They really host him. Thank God he came out standing up to us straight on both legs. Right. The old little dog. But we got mad dog tied up. We think probably in a broom closet. WQM, hello. Hey, you need a eye. You're doing the big. Okay. I got two for you, bowl. Yes sir. First one. Missione, blah blah blah. Got it. And, uh, say go on my rod. Oh, night rider. Don't have that one yet. That was, uh, what was, uh, that awful, uh, what's his name from, uh, Oh, they would awful. They would, awful, awful, awful, awful. Okay. I'm a big, but you're occasionally, you don't see it goes back to me lying about what I said before. Because they're the only reason to watch pay watch is they're like a really warlock or, uh, a family back before she became a disgusting slut with big, phony boobs. But there were reasons to watch it once upon a time back in the day, right? He waited with that. I never watched it. There was some, you never watched it. It had hurt it. Oh. Well, so in other words, even back in the day when she was fairly clean and pristine, this is about seven years ago, you didn't watch Baylons. I never watched it in the day. That sounds awful. Yeah, to me. Well, sorry. So, what do we got so far on here? We got my advice continues on to play that in the entirety because, and of course, why not? I'll look at the battle we got for it. I don't know why I said that between my Indian Hawaii. Wow. Wow. Now, I wonder which Hawaii 50. Oh, oh, it's going to be my luck. Play the good one. No, no, I just want to see which one is on this. This, this, here. I've got like six different versions of it. I like that one I had before. I'll play that again eventually. Wanna get around with it. In time. Like a, a little blur said in the exercise in time. I just said, or, or it's not my Tony Bennett just in time. Go. Okay, I wish one of his ins. Which one sounds okay? Right, and money. Okay. Now, not good. Go. Nice food. Nice food. You're listening to Neil Rodgers. Music. We got a shot for that. And when I'm up in Boca-Tika, Swap and Old women would paint their lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rodgers one to two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the old Rodgers, I hear in balance when they two hour. Uh, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a. We're going crazy. Roll, train one, open for rain. True god. It's my war rod so this matter shows me everything. This one is ridiculous. it's hanging on by a thread so you don't even know that you were out the other like 30 seconds or you said we're back to not have a pain and tension because you're we're all I was off here or what we to I don't even know that we're not finding out hello it's your post are you hurting either while we either lose an architecture with you or we're going off the air completely well wasn't anybody there to tell you what to run here or not I mean at least somebody should know that you think yeah yeah we're off the air oh so in other words it's not between you and me because we hear each other fine so we're you're saying we're off the air now not now but when we have those little you know super oh so it's just silence pretty much so play my Andy and music isn't even getting out there so in other words the bit that I just played didn't get on the air no no oh well how about tell friends but they're in really deep no would they Or when you know that I create some love for you. I really want to like to screw off here. I could just go like, yeah, I'll go. You'd never know the difference. We got to know how we're David it. You've got to stay on here. He's got some important craft advice along. It's basically the big playoff games come up this weekend. And then mad dog who may or may not be, I just like I said, I can't handle it. No more for me on it. Now I'm getting any of this. Get on? Because he's eating the pole. I'm not. I probably can't. I see. Whenever this again, can't play too often. It's been. It's done. So that's leading. But boy, we got a good horse race man. 90 of V6-D5-Y5-O-61. Can you believe that? I believe it. It's good. Sanford and San32, all in the family 29, mesh 26. She is 23. I bet you Tom Jacoboader for that. Peter Gun, 22, Magnum P.U. 17. The Jefferson's 15. Duccia Hazard 13. The Duccia Hazard, Holly Moly. Greatest American hero 12. So Panos a dozen. Backman 12. An answer 11. The Simpsons 10. Cops 9. I'm not asking for favorite shows. Asking for favorite themes now. You Beverly or you Duccia Hazard people. That's a good team. Maybe we ought to try one more time. I don't know. I think they've got to do better. Didn't do it justice. Doing it justice would be like to take the CD and just hammer it from the smithering. Is this it? That's it. Yeah. I got it. I feel. Just a good old bar. Never mean it's no home. It's all you never saw. The little bubble was a long set of feeling was falling. Spacing the curtain. And that's it. It just keeps going on like that. It doesn't do anything. You call all the chorus. Oh. Let's get to it. It's not only no zone. We're going to go off here again for a camp. Take it away. I don't know. Do you believe they don't have? Beverly. Beverly blows. Okay. Let's get back to the results here. Give a few. I'll have a got 25,000 difference. So Panos it doesn't batman 12. An answer 11. Simpsons 10. Cops 9. And then we're going to the game. That's it. So we're going to have a good night. Welcome back. Cotter. We still have a spell wrong, which we're proud of. A. Phin against Red Balloons. James Bond 7. Lone Ranger 7. The 18 is got 7. He'll speed blue six. Good time six. Good time six votes. George. How do you like that? Put that in your piece pipe and smoke it. I love it. I don't understand that. I mean, what is not to like? I'm going to put a couple over here. Can't hear you. What do you say? Secret agent five and in Stanley five. Tonight's show starring Johnny Carson five. Lyle Wild West five. Barney Jones always gets his man. He's got five. Five men. Friends for gets smart. Got four. Rockford files four. Hope in zero is four. Law and order four. Start direct stuff three out of limits three. Taxi three. I agree with genius. Not only three. And from there on it. All lost in space is only got three. That's yours. That's when you like it. I voted for Hawaii five. Oh, Hawaii five. That's a good thing because they need that vote. They're right up and not hit. Where's the good one? Yeah, let's try to. Remember I played that earlier. Right. It's rousing. One doesn't sound like it. There we go. Yeah. I put it over the top. This is the asking one. Oh. Rock solid. Cool. Before you jump bush their coffee. Is your fat ass governor Jim Bush. Charles is never quite as never run for political office. He realizes though his name will be an ass set. As he tries to build support for his candidacy. And of course one thing you know in Florida. Yeah. Oh, what is it under? Is it under? Lawton. What is that under? Charles. Oh, see. You put stuff in it. It's like a green heart was labeled. The. The trials name is big in Florida. Yeah, that was so cute. Yeah. That was in that was the old he cool right there. Let's hear it for a lot in trials. That was a real guy man. An old pumpkin but a good guy as opposed to that fat ass born again, Bible thump and phony baloney. What is uh, tateries law and what is a dot maybe. Maybe his re is daughter can get into rehab with Terry. Huh. It's just a two-bump her nose. Oh, she's the first thing she's had out there. The primary reason I'm writing this campaign said that he cooned Junior is because I feel like people's access to government is limited by money power and politics. So, Charles the average Joe citizen is pretty much disenfranchised from the system. Charles 51 lives in Orlando runs a coastal development company. It returned to Florida almost two years ago after working as a vice president for Hope worldwide, a charity that provides education and medical services for poor families on Six continents before that he owned a tele-hancy public relations company and a Partridge in a pair of three. His mother re or trials will serve as campaign treasure. She has an amazing political gut trail set. Wow, I wonder she knows fat boy. So, there you go. A lot of the trials uh, Junior Junior the third going to be running. And of course this one can't run again anyway. So, by by Jim. There actually that dog and pony show we put on over there and he'll need you to With the colon pal. Who are they kidding? Were they fooling anybody with that crap? Trying to hear, oh, here's the next voice president man. Let's show them off there. He's doing wonderful things all around the world. Right. WQAM hello. Hey, you know I got two stations for the poll. Yes sir. The West Wing and quantum league. Okay, you got it. Thanks, sir. See you. West Wing and quantum league. I saw quantum league to do. Any other things that told me to take one. I never saw it. I tried to watch one episode. It's horrible horrible show with the horrible thing. But uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. This watch. WQAM hello. QAM. Oh hi, um, hi, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, um, could I um, expiles? Could you expiles? No, expiles. Okay, you got it. He wanted to put the expiles. Yeah, he could go ahead next file. We're just five new nails. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. I got a couple other ones. I got that one expiles. Exiles. Okay. Uh, fantasy island. Yeah. And the Mickey Mouse Club. Oh yeah, Mickey Mouse Club man. That's for us. Okay. Thanks. I don't think I have that. Oh yeah, I do. I got it. Good. And my C.K.E. West gotta be on me. Doesn't it, the Mickey Mouse Club? Come on. I don't think I got it. I think you'd know that would be bad. Even on this old toilet. What are those old toilet? What are those old toilet? What are those old toilet? This is got your hit parade. It's got the Danny Tom's show. It's got all that good old got how do you do the time. Huh? It's probably today's kids couldn't believe there was ever a show on called Howdy Doody. I mean, that is so outrageous when you stuff and think about it. Then I got one this here. Oh, look at this. Oh, geez. Now I'm finding this. I got one for sure. It's gotta be on there. Which helps play after the break. Okay. Okay. Thank God. And I'm inspired by last call because I would have looked for this other disk. I didn't realize that I even had this. I think focus on me this one. You know, it's one of these pony labels that he makes up. Right. Which I almost bought this year. And then I realized I already got it from Booker Brian. Oh, it's got all. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if it's got, uh, look at this. Holy moly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like a little sample. Okay. If I can read this, it's not the best. There's King Leonardo and his short subject. So I went up to Italy and already to Vinci or Leo de Caprio. Let me give you one little hint. Okay. All right. Kind of stuff it's on here. It doesn't want to queue up on him. Two people are crying about it. All right. There's none. I think all those people were dead before we go. We all back with you again. Yes, my God. And yes, my darling. Who put ran? A few old all the way here. We all again. Here we are again. It was a kidcho as great with puppets. You know, kind of like that movie you're touting. Right? Which is funny with the sock puppets. Well, it's hot little puppets. 113 at 5. 60 WCM. Did you ever listen 50 grand last year? Well, forget about that. If you answered that question as yes, then it definitely positively is done for career change. So pick up that phone right now in color friends at Fastrain toll free at 1.866. Fast train. Because Fastrain can have a train ready for that. Do high-paying career in as little time as four short months. Kind of on your fingers if you can. Fastrain offers high demand, high-pay career training. If you like computers ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call Fastrain today 1.866 Fastrain. The demand for computer professionals right now is at all time high. Fastrain can have you trained already for that new career. Let me say it again in just four Uno Dose Trace, Quattro, four short months. Fastrain's got locations in Kindle. Miami, Pepper Pies, and Four Lodderdale. And they offer a job placement even financially for people who qualify. They evening and weekend classes are forming right now at Fastrain. So if you're sick and tired of working for a peanuts like an elephant, if you want to have some real cash and your pocket ever real job, here's the way to do it. Make that one easy call that could change your life. Fast train, call them tool free at 1.866 Fast train. Fast train. You're a 610-year-old Roger. You're a 610-year-old Roger. On 566-Aam. Who's going to get ready to hold? Funny Americans, it's Paul Harvey, fan-by for news. A 90-year-old man said to his doctor, I've never felt better. I have an 18-year-old bride who is pregnant with my child. What do you think about that? The doctor considered his question for a moment and then replied, I have an elderly friend who was a hunter and never misses a season. One day he was going out in a bit of a hurry and accidentally picked up his umbrella instead of his gun. When he got to the creek, he saw a rabbit sitting beside the stream. He raised his umbrella and went bang bang in the rabbit fell dead. What do you think of that? Well, the 90-year-old man said I would say someone else killed the rabbit and the doctor said, my point exactly, Paul Harvey, good day. Well, 17 at 566, those things don't get pretty good, you know? Right. I mean, that's great. But they're very good. And adequate is the word. Witness CIA and seals be prisoners during interrogation in Iraq. How do you like that? Oh my God. A former Navy SEAL says he saw fellow seals in CIA officials kick choke in eye gouged detainees at US military base in Iraq. The former SEAL testified in a military hearing Monday that he saw interrogation by means of abuse take place and kept camped any posey. The seal base had bagged at their national airport. Remember Jenny Posey? No. I don't know either. He said a prisoner under interrogation by the CIA was abused in October 2003 by two or three seals. Another occasion, a month later, witness city walks to SEAL's punch, choke, and poke their fingers in the eye of Iraqi. Monadelle Al-Jamati who also was punched by a CIA official when didn't answer questions. Al-Jamati has suspecting the bombing of a red cross facility in Iraq died a few hours after he was captured during a joint CIA's facial operations mission in November 2003. He died robbing interrogated by CIA personnel in the showroom of the Abu Ghara prison. Monadukai's died when they're taking the shower, right? Yeah, over there. Sure. The war of SEAL was not identified with the government's main witness in Monday's article 32 here. A lot of crap going on. How do you like that? Your girlfriend, Linda Young, was boyfriend there. The one's on trial right now? Her baby daddy? What a smart ass piece of crap he has meant. I hope they run his family. Yeah. Yeah. Whisper and all these kutsis to look at his own big joke. Yeah. And then his lawyers, he more than he is that crap. A lot that cheerleaders are doing a pyramid? Yeah. Like Stark naked, right? I guarantee you it's going to be a big turn out to see that. Yeah. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That means you can see what mighty those. Like I got mighty moms. Got everything else. Well, I want to get my favorite part. I need it. Alright, thank you. No mighty moms. Alright unless it's on this one, mom of the police, let me see if I can find mighty moms. I love mighty moms. I know I have to. I'm just going to do my son of a routine if you start that. Ray and my amiss is my favorite team of speed racer playing your dead airtime could you please play it again please. You got it actually I don't think I have the actual theme I have a parody of it. So what's wrong with that? I don't have no speed racer. I didn't know no godfather. I played the old baby crocodile for a girl in the neighborhood. You played the crocodile. You got it. That's enough. It's a remix. How about one for a little? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Don't be nervous. No. First. Asian here. Oh, okay. I hear you. Asian here. It's probably happening. Oh, there's so many good ones on here. These are real oldies. These are for like old farts like me and Bokabran and Hank and Mo and I'll all old old farts. Let's see. We did cook the fran now. What about? What about Captain Midnight? What about the gummi show? Oh, come here. Remember that? Really? By the way, some of the people on the throwing your farts away. This is the same things that we already have an alistair with all the rest. Yeah. But there were a little bit of paper. Okay. The beef, the bini and sea social show. The beef and sea social show. What about quick drama, Grommer Grommer Grommer. And while we're a guinea pig. And while we're a guinea pig. And while we're a guinea pig. And while we're a guinea pig. And we're a guinea pig. And we're a guinea pig. Do you keep them in night? Yeah, I did. What about Danny Thomas? That's my crew for Danny. And what about Robert Young and Father knows better? Father knows your rest. Is Robert Young dead? And my little Margie. And Hazel. I did actually some of her sister, which Hazel was there. Which Hazel didn't tell him about. And that would know with her. And then what about Armas Brooks? Woody Harden. The bird. Karen, I'm no Karen. The real McCoy. Oh, real McCoy. Darling, waterbrett and Dick Krem. Created by Irving Pink. Love's feeling good. I'm leaving. Oh, real McCoy. And of course, a real tear jerk or a 40-year-old dog lover's. Lassie. Watch out for the truck now when you cross that road, Lassie. Oops. And what about Walt Vizzi's beautiful world of McCoy? Oh, world is a careless hell of color. Who? What a cold water, what a cold water. And the life and legend of water. How about you pressing on Marvin? Why in the world? Why in the world? Save the laser and bowl. And. Don't smoke. I'm never going to get all these in you by two. I might have to do this again for a couple of weeks. The law man. With that? Four now. You're really. 26 men. That's the answer to the question. What's better than 25 men? Good. Cold 45. Oh, yeah. I was in the old. There you go. Let's see. Where I arrived here is in the long-go show that had two secret agents was Ian something. He was a British and blonde. You're talking about what's his name? David McCallum. What's that show? What is that? What about a memory day? You know the Trump talking about? With Robert Vaughn and David McCallum. Come on. Oh, no. Oh, no. Come on. Come on. Man from Oklahoma. I got it. I got it here. I'll play in a minute. All right. Let's see. Here's the thing we'll ever find. Science fiction theater. It says if you do find it, I'll eat my facts. No, but I remember that show is a good show. 77. Some script. I got that. Also, fireball XL5. What's that? I think it was a puppet show. Oh, a puppet show. A lot of those puppets. I was going on. Then the sock puppets. Let's see. Did we do see? We did shy in. Right? What about the Bronco? I don't know from the show. Not we didn't. We didn't do shy in. We didn't do any. We didn't do anything. I'm sorry. There's a different grass. The fan. Bronco. The Marjo. Most of the flames. And the legend, Jesse James. At the same time. You know what? You're my very favorite. I would give. He's his when your boy. Happy. I'm gonna tell you the things I've learned from him. He's gone. And to love. And to love. And to love. And to love. And to love. And to love. fame for a cowboy hop along cacidina well that is of an image you know like yeah all that's happened on will you boy he was uh... there were two million boys you know by the way two bullboys and how it would i didn't know that no that till now see we're learning so much with us i think we had a continuous for like a whole rest of the year what do you say i didn't know there were one there was one i didn't know there was one you never heard a hop along cacidina her to hop along cacidina her to gene uh... what's his name yeah and the right what's his name where rangers and gene uh... what was his name genotry right the city of the first are the California angels by the way uh... jash gnavry remember him oh yeah no you don't don't remember gnavry i do all right fight about it well we have to one and five sixty w qm we're trying desperately to stay on the year we don't know what's going on if they always have a little brain fart out there by the station they have their fart in all over the place joyous maybe uh... reporting fdl for a sense of farting yeah right okay which is happening right ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? comment ? ? ? ? ? ? ? You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time See your light When he left us It's been eight months You can throw away There's a rainbow Better than chocolate Play like me Does it reach out? Promise to play You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time You can find the time Okay, let's make a little bit of an area here. And the sink seems part of the format today. This is an area. There it is. 133 272 and 5. 163 we got the man's come out of it for pre-seeded mine. How are David and two to four? That's true. Look at him. Speaking of which, he requested we added the MSN-and-E to the port. Oh, you know something I got that? Well, there you go. Ah, let's see. Evan Cushsellow. And he said that dynasty theme that you were playing. Yeah, let's have been from that other area as well to this because that was not the dynasty thing. I just said that and he knows it. Right. He says he loved that show. Never missed the net. I hand him a sedan and he, oh, there it is. There you go. I got it. Cup 58 and it's really great. One moment please. Here you go. Just for my buddy Mo. And let me start talking about Lesbian set. Lesbian set, nice name. No, a dice set. Oh. What is the feature? This is it. Oh. Well, what do you expect them to be seeing an old black magic for quite a long time? For good. Yeah. That's cool. Something. So that they're food in the rest of it. Well, I wanted to play the untouchable zevalongs on there. Get that on there, please. Right. Excellent. One of the greatest. Yep. A lot of those who give you your buddy also have started. Chili. I mean, like 70. No, look at that. So I got those ready. I did the looped up. Why? A deadly loop reduction. The untouchables rise? Yes. I'll be there. Now let's see. What about highway patrol and M-squared? Not to be confused with modsquared. It was M-squared. Hey, you're Neil. Yeah. Me, Mo. No. What's up, Mo? What do you know, Mo? I don't need a apology. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, that's not the first time. I'm, but I already got your apology on tape in here. No, I owe you an apology. A new one, yeah. Because I incorrectly said that you made a mistake yesterday. Yeah. You did not. Apparently it was tweedledum and tweedled the management tandem, the gay roguer. Right. Oh, who cares? Well, you have a detectable fund where heaven is. They were full of services. That's the fake one you got right down to it. So I just thought, I could, I could blame with blame belongs. We're usually belongs with those two guys. Well, we're current under. Did you hear the M-squared anything I just played? It was very nice. I think it was. Okay. And then what we've done is, I've done this thing was wrong. Well, that was not done. That was not done. That's wrong. The 90s of theme you played was not really the dot because that was a big fan of the day. In other words, it wasn't the real theme. No, I always had this fixation about Linda Evans and the, uh, what was it called? As a matter of fact, I mean, if you want to really put me on a spot, I'll find a real dynasty thing because I bet you anything times it. I bet you're a pretty life on it. And I'll threw in those screw-and-two even as he's gone. Uh, I bet you're got to hear somewhere. Probably do. So during the next break, all these damn short breaks. What's going on with these breaks, George? I don't know. This is the first time in my life. I've ever peed in installments. No, I don't believe that. That is the truth. Uh, a few drops here and here. I've got the shortest, the shortest race, the ace in one of the lock and hit a P like a race horse. And every time I go on to like, oh, this is a thing is anything. I don't like to, you know, but now it's so good on. Have you? Yeah. Come on. Now what am I looking for? Dynasty. Right. Yeah, throw that other CD out the window. No, look. That's the one that's got good times on it. You're, I don't understand where you're coming from. I'll find. So the last thing I do I'll find. If I can't find it, we'll do it tomorrow. I'll do it. Dynasty. Here's now. That'll look for naked picture. Here's how we to have it. Here's another all in the family. How many, how many of those have we got? I've heard of me. Wow. And they're all different. That's a best part. Dark shadows start track, re-inhorn it. I spy, get smart, Peter Gunn. Most of these we've done already, right? Right. Yeah. Now, wait a minute. I got another English in any of the. I don't have time to do it. Other than other. Uh, and probably not the same thing. Don't be gillish. Show. The Adams family, the monsters, but I don't have the weather or Dynasty. It's one of my God. So we'll have to make do. Well, I'll tell you what I go out and look. Unless it's on the southern disc here, not in on there. This is the greatest American hero again. So that's the best we can do for you. What the hell was this? I don't know. I was so curious, Ellie. It's called Peak Kelly's Blues. I have no idea what that is. What about naked city? Can we even see it? Hey, Joyce, can we talk about the naked city? Well, I got to go run here. Remember, let me give you a clue. Alan Fun, he's still dead. When he's expected, you're really sick. You're the star today. Oh, smile. You're a candidate, Jammer. Oh, black. When the hope goes, hope goes, you're a hope. If you're not the day, you're not a star. You're a romantic man. And even George, remember his Groucho? Oh, yeah, that was funny. You bet your life in the answer on that show was? Is most of it there? No, no. He's in the other studio. They could probably, you have Potomac. Uh, the answer on that show, you bet your life in Groucho was? I think probably. He's doing sports stuff. George, gentlemen. Okay, let's see. Evan Costell. Laura, what are you showing? Why are you眼is, Claw,ührtant? Hey, hey. Oh, yeah. And what about, this one was really wonderful. This one right here. All right, you get it. I'm on a phone off. Oh, what? Yeah. We're a reporter. Albin. And then the lens is legal. Hi. know that beautiful guy isrez justice's are not We're ready to go? I like the show that's another great picture. If you're on the edge of 200, you've got a lot of those in the theme for Noron's World Show, what about Ted Max's original amateur? Miss America, pageant. Would work hard? Okay. There he is. Could he say, oh, could he melt it out? No, oh, oh, oh. And he looked right there and Hollywood, I remember that he got all Ben out of shape. And I think he died of broken heart when they took him off first singing in the song. Here she come. Let's see that again. The work part. That is so bad. That's so good. That's great here, part. The whole point. Miss America. Boy. You're ideal. Usually, I got blind judges picking them too. Usually, bunch of scanx when I think through the best look of ones, they must have to put them out for the judge. Red skeleton show, maybe? That's my favorite. And the last one on this disc. You can you know this one. Bob hoped. Yep. There you go. Even George, you know what? But he Josh knows that one now and how do we say it? Yeah. Bob hoped. Good work. Okay. 19. I think we just played 45,000 themes there in last half hour. We actually stayed on the air. So, but it's all fast. The main man, Anthony Kelly, into what acceptance capital mortgage says it's time for a new year's resolutions like most Americans paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash and investing in real estate, are at the top of your list. Sound floor to one of the hottest real estate markets in the US. So, why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates? The main man's new year's resolution is to give back to the community. So, this year, they've partnered with Kids in Distress. With the track work at 25 years of helping over 5,000 views in the neglected children each year, acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan of this great cause. With six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a peridiso. Forget about calling anybody else. Call the main man, Anthony Kelly, into full free at 1-Trival8-483 loan. That's 1-Trival8-483 loan or check them online at the mainman.com. And you can fill out your application right online. Here's that toll free number again. 1-Trival8-483-LOA-N. 2-Trival8-2-LOA-N. 2-Trival8- Yemeni College. There's so many C.A.B.S. New spin, all severing nights So get desperate, housewives and king of queens Don't lie, Jack, Billy, up Nanny 911, sure, sir My feet down, my feet from So never need poker shows down The old man, order can't be a father now The queer, I'm both so dare to Let's have a meet show with just no lie Nothing's until night Absolutely correct 145-56-192-MOS stand in by Is he in there, is Mo any other room? They have the thing up because I got it He's on the other room but who knows if anybody's in the control room I see I don't want him to miss this, okay? I mean, I worked feverously during the break Do you believe me? I didn't really But I found it, here it is It's a real room You're just right wondering now, that's it Or could you tell me that? That's right Actually, I'd like to show him his theme sucks What about not sliding? Better with good cards Am I your part? It's a thought of thing Not sliding like I said You're starring pet leadership Can we do LA-Larnan? Or I just did that thing Can we do that? Here we go We Wasn't he here at Hamlet? Yeah He was married to Nicolas Scherden Right? Yes I don't think she ever saw it Of course the logical response would be What's the same right? And what about saying elsewhere I mean you can put any of these out of matters We've only got 45,000 money Did we do three companies? Horrible, sure What's the way for Wichel? Oh, Roastess Oh, no, no, no, no I'm not going to show Can we wait for you? We can wait for you I'm what about speaking of bad sitcoms? That's a nice place Maybe work You know, these are really great, you know? These are, I don't have like 100 of these Oh and here's the bad, this one It's just right under this, this is the best TV theme of all time That's a good idea What day is it? It's horrible So look at those tiny breakups Right Oh, that was a good night Oh, it's a tent of cold We say that is going to be a break Maybe a break Did we ever do San Francisco? I know it's got a lot of votes Huh? Remember we did it? Remember we did it in the US Public, so we're... Oh, that's how you play it And what are we, I speak at a robber You know what about old Marcus Wellby MD? Come on, you can do it Marcus Oh, I speak at a John Boy The walk home There you go The great and I saw you again That's a memorable theme Off of show, but it's a memorable theme There's a regular gig No, a four-year A little gear, yes, a little gear we did Wow Little house on the Perry, Perry rhymes with, or Mary I think we did a heart-tired video How do we call it? Oh, this is going to get a lot of votes How could we forget it? The Virgin Mary is upset about it Oh yeah Right? You know it I've both grinds very little better Yeah, and how the dick park had that second stroke I don't know what happened I don't know what happened to the thing I don't know what happened I feel the delving away I don't know what happened I don't know what happened to the thing Remember how Michael Lorke had used that ball in for column line I mean, so that ball in the play And then that one dick park was out there in the band hiding Pozard, Hustard, Hustard, Hustard God punish you, give Clark okay And what about the Solid goal Not that he confused with entertainment tonight I bet you're probably thinking there are many crimeshows we left out But we did leave out Creep's a San Francisco He did it, but he did it No, he did not Not that many things like four hours ago No change And as long as we're doing why not play the one I like I didn't play the wrong one There we go This is the winner There we go My mind is back up in our pool This is 15 minutes Oh, we're done Off we'll show Any service got a care for the name Jebadaa How's it gonna be right? I'll give it a good day I'll give it a good day Any service got a care for the name Jebadaa How's it gonna be right? I'll give it a good day Oh, see most of the things they don't call anywhere That has a Jack Glitton I can't get a climactic ending there Yes, it did It's rousing Let's see Racco says Do you have any of these? From this week in baseball No, team from the agon show No team from Quincy? No, I do have a team from Quincy somewhere I don't have it here It's just can you play dance people with that gorgeous denby Terry And it's side love Hank Oh, I'm sure Sunday Hank we know Outside we're gripping Not in what that stuff That was yesterday I'll let the stars be in my life Yeah We may please the nobody by the way I finished p-endering last break Thank you for that's your main argument right by the way Wow The rookie That was my car on team Like the way you went Who was that man we making love with the pig Jackson Somebody's a queen of the star back Where he was in jail Here's what a Georgia's favorite's Not cause it's a cop show The Georgia's co-jack sucks Molly Compton Yeah Somebody wrote it for the 18, my 12th In 1972 a crack command or unit was sent up Resinant military court The crime they didn't commit These men promptly escaped from a maximum security Stante to the Los Angeles underground Today still wanted by the government they survived a soldiers of fortune No, give me the right to have a fuck If no one else can help and if you can find them Me and my bad The 18 Oh, that's your beer Brian Khan Oh, yeah This is your Captain Kept And then somebody just say Quincy Olin moments ago On a second On a second And somebody always says Salmon and Salmon I never can find the Derrick That was an awful show Give one And how could we forget From New York It's Saturday night Okay, in this case he missed it again because After going through like tremendous amount of agony and effort Her name's one more type of old man Here's the other deal about us We need to sign this into the deal one and that's real Okay, there it is And here's the good thing Woo! Man, this has been over as long as it's like work for now This is so little bit too much for me There's a old unparadized Can't get a portrait anymore if it's a derby language Hey Josie, could be in so No, is this a real Roger They got the flag last year On 566 QA And now, the show, this is the antidote To those who live or all media distortions of our government It's the West Texas Wing Congratulations on re-election Mr. President Yes sir, congratulations on your re-election Well, thank you Dick And thank you Condy I feel good about the next four years Since a change in the air Good times are ahead for everybody And it starts with one question What's that Mr. President? Dick, do I finally get to run the country You see You see You see No, I'm a serious You see Come back next song For a fair about The casuals you can show for the view of our government in action Only on the West Texas Wing You see, as I said, it was a re-joints They're like, you don't know It's like, is it going to be there? Is it not going to be there? They're going to chop it off Yes, and we yelled at Josh all the way through it there Keep to start our toes anyway Who cares? Who yelled at Josh? Oh, me George, let me have it Oh, Danny Really? Well, we'll talk about that tomorrow Our great impact is just how about the team from hockey baton cannon So, like that noble Moles and hockey diving cannon On CBC Brought to you by Moles and X4 Next set it all The life order of Canada Where quality is John Ron It's working By Imperial Oil and Tesla Associates How do we want to believe in sponsors of Utah Key in Canada And by Pepsi Gotta have it Oh, my God