6. Do you've been i think. There you go, Ipsy endured somecks in the дрatt. l think they han worked 8 bullibly. It's true. Will really come back for par broadies l't think'll you too have to sit him. Maybe a little bit before l of legally spent critics tomorrow. Worked hard is good, works are clean. Not really like that really good. l have individual job spaces. That's it. But in California. California that's what you live in New York. Barbara Streisand and California. They don't have the house in California anymore. I think he has two houses. Yeah, he's probably got plenty. We're at the BG Slip. Darling, I'll take the dough for an awful olden road. That was really Russell. Next time, we have lunch with Sid live in Asking about Lund Russell. Okay. Just mentioned the name and see. What I remember her. Yeah. But she was on CNN headline news for about 100 years, right? Yeah. Whatever. She worked with you guys, right? She sure did. She was she became our program director. Not that she was qualified, but he haven't let me. She had liked her. She's a good person. She's nice. It takes you around me a nice note once at one of my 80 stations along the way. Sure. We're nice. That's pretty unusual. And we had a we had an easy time. Yesterday. Actually. Well, I'm just looking at this story now over reaction to storm. Erks, where are locals? You know, on all this business about all you call that a hurricane. Listen, wouldn't you think after a Katrina people and also not not just Katrina and a Gulf, but what happened in Dave County from Katrina, when you think people would rather be a little bit more safe and sorry. I always think that by the way, he was watching the coverage yesterday. And there was a reporter, I think she was a child. She's with Channel 10. She was down in Alamurada. And she was telling a story about a woman who was tearful because her sailboat sunk. Yeah. And I'm thinking about all these people who were wandering around the country now. And I think that we've used them. Yeah. They go someplace else. Yeah. And some women's crying because they're sail boats. I'll give me a correction. What do you say? Yeah. Right. Have a special benefit. I mean, that was this. You know, so over the top. Log here and to you, one thing, the people in Texas are going to be well taken care of because that's your president's home, you know, his state. So he's going to take good care of them to bury doesn't live on a water over there in Galveston. Careful now. I can smell. If you pursue this line of documentary, I can smell suspension number 87 people. Val again. Ha ha ha. I guess it was doing a show from New York today. I'll give you one clue. Do do do do do do do do. I thought he was on jury duty. That was Monday. Oh. His daughter was evidently either springing forth. She's either today, dead or is or in the process of having a kid. So he's up there in the air to lend a helping hand. I guess I don't know what he's doing. Another mo. Do do do do do do do do. Yeah. Baby mo. And that's something. That's what it be no mo. Ha ha ha. You were hoping. You know, you talk about that line of conversation. And you look at right now where where bush ranks in terms of what the, you know, bulls. He was saying about him. Yeah. And he's it's never been lower and it's not never been lower. Nixon was like a 30. No, no. He's never been lower. He's never been lower. Well, and when's that who they're talking to? But well, no, it doesn't matter who they're talking to anymore. Are you talking to me? He couldn't go any lower. Even a Republicans are. He's got numbers like somebody we all know with a minus in front. In my book. Oh, you thought I'm out. Mo. No, I didn't. I don't start. So you're the instigator. You said it for like somebody we all know. I'm thinking like about other station ever like your buddy's two gots for example. Oh, and then a bathroom and Jimmy's syphilis. See, I don't think about those people. I don't either. And just like I said several times, I'll say it again. And you know, it's true when the fan was on their station. It was like about 1950 on the dial off the right end of most of the radio. Yeah. That's a massive power. The only people who were listening that were to QM people. There's the only people listening to people work at our station because somebody gets them all whipped up and I've said, oh, they're going to come after us. So we're going to sue them. All this other crap that goes on. Nobody cares about them. Nobody thinks about them. They're like just like a pimple on our ass. They are suing what I am to suspension. Yeah, that's exactly correct. Oops. Yeah, there you go. Number 88. He's not even trying and he's getting more days. Got all mighty. This don't fall off the house. When's your horse running again? I know. I have to call the train. I'm fine. I'm hoping that you're running next week when I'm in New York. Oh, now here's the, I'm so glad I'm looking at CNN right now. This Lieutenant General Russell on array. Hey, this guy, he's like a creature from the Louisiana Lagoon. Have you ever seen them movey Southern comfort? No. Oh, you got to see that sometime. You'd love it. It's about the trashy nature of the people in the old bayou and the kind. He should really knock every when it's down, but I will anyway because I'm not going to suck up and say New Romans is a great place. It's not the average IQ there has got a minus in front of it. But anyway, this guy, you know, this honor rate guy would as old, uh, uh, the team out that that he wears. He, they had a press conference yesterday now when he's been interviewed on television every time they asked them a question and he'll, well, I think it's over. Over. He gets the end of his kind of over like he's doing, you know, uh, military or shortwave or CB radio over. So he's doing a press conference yesterday where he was bitching out all the media because he didn't like their questions and he finishes sentence that he over and he's standing right there for the people over. This man is done more than a box of rocks man. It's just a pathetic. But he's what the that whole bayou area is all about. He's the, he's the post-general for New Orleans. When you say a movie about that, there've been a lot of movies. Now that other companies are really going to be on the other side. I'll come. Yeah, I recommend it highly. Okay. Also, I said yesterday that we ought to get you a computer, but you probably won't use it. I have a computer. Uh, I see. I get bad information. I know it. I heard you say, uh, not a long time ago that you finally got to the computer. I'm a computer for years. You're on the internet. I can be if I, you know, but you're not. Yeah. I'm, I, yeah. Why would you have a computer? What would you do with it if you not on the internet? Oh, for a while, I was, you know, getting in sending emails and I'll forget about email. Well, there's a couple of things. One, uh, I worked for a network and out of Connecticut where I have to send him copy or they send me stuff. You know, that kind of thing. Yeah, but you don't need the internet for that. Uh, well, I get, you know, travel things. You know, my travel information. I don't want to upgrade. We're going to like, uh, we're going to get Josh Curtis or somebody over there and upgrade your system. We get you with a 21st century. My system is fine. I just don't use it. Well, why not? Because I don't like it. I don't like it. Man, it doesn't either. Man, it doesn't either. Why? Man, it doesn't have all my gut. I think those people at the other station are right. We're a bunch of old funny values on this station. Man, this, I don't think they're a huge computer. I've got that I'm like technically oriented. You know that I have, I've been paired more different things. Not that we have technical problems, but like different like when the phone they send me a new motor here. I've done more technical stuff in here than the whole engineering department's done on their in the last eight years. I can't knock the engineering department. Fix it went out and had to get parts to fix the commons here. Yeah, because. Well, that's a building. I didn't do it. Exactly. Right up his own. He went out. I always said he knew his crap. Well, he got it done. Old fix it. In fact, when I look at him, I'm picking holy crap. He is the poster child for silly person. A lot of poster children run around. There's a general honor rate. Wow. He just sends me right to the bulls speaking about. So fix it fixed to come out with that's nice. It's nice to know we work at a radio station where they care enough to fix the toilets. Wow. He went out and did it on his own. Yeah, he probably, you know, nature was calling. I just didn't know that. Maybe fat boy was in there again, you know. I blew the whole place up. Yeah. Oh, I'll see. I'm not a one-to-one with today. I heard a story about him one time. It was just so grotesque. He blew his meals from 20 years ago. Well, say how do my buddy sit live in? I will. I'm having lunch with Sid next week. I told you. See, that's my second. You were unbelievable. I am. I get together with Sid every two or three with that Mickey Dane machine. I get together with Sid every two or three months. He's a wonderful man. He really is. He's great. And he gave me my stern in this market. I can blame him pro of this stuff. And we had the Jim Altman was on here in a morning in Widdler and Russell. He's dead now, if you're molten. Yeah. All right. Maybe tomorrow morning we'll reminisce about all the dead people that we worked with in the business since it's in its own history. Or something wish we're dead. Yeah. All right. Here he goes again. All the grief and you keep instigating instigating. You didn't have to mention anything. You're going to say him. You could have said something nice. I can grab your license to my friend Howard. I was a grand grandchild. You could have said something. I wouldn't say that. But you might. I would say that. Somebody told me yesterday because my memory is faulty when he gets to be old and seen out like us. Yep. But you hated him before he came into the building is what I'm told. Well, I didn't like what he said before he came into building. Oh, is that what it is? I thought it was like some personal, like you ran across and somewhere. Yeah, I was trying to cross him over the years. But I was not hiding. Obviously. Do I? I mean, it wasn't with a truck. But anyway, he was doing money and football when I used to see him around. Right. Remember the first interview he gave for the came here. He told Wortstock is boring. Yeah. And he was going to change it. And he's going to make it really interesting. And I didn't think that was a good way to come in with sports. So I said. And then he also said that he was going to put the mad dog in his place. Remember he was going to say, oh, he was going to like explain to him. Who was boss and who? Yeah. He started to be the star in the broadcaster. That comment said everything there is to say. Yeah. That's totally about that big pompous. So he had a different approach. I mean, it's not a lot of people who speak in the dead people put guilt, edges, white on the air. Or Casey Stingles, daughter and law. Yeah, whatever. Mm-hmm. Well, you have a good day. I'm not saying anymore. No, it's good. OK. Because I'm smelling number 89 is going to be on the calendar pretty soon. Well, you got to tell the end of the year when Greg leaves. Now, is this one final note? No. No. The beast ever done because after our yesterday, how was it that he came across that MSB inside radio? I wish he wouldn't have done it, please, because I subscribed to that thing. I just had the email them to stop passing me that. It's every day that inside radio. And they start passing a five o'clock at a morning and it wakes me up on a her own page after page. And I just packed email them and said stop, fasten a crash, send it by email. You idiots, you quizlings. But somebody in the sales department, I've only gave him my heads up on it. Think being on a couple of days ago about Greg leaving. I don't know. I walked in the other morning and he showed it to me. Yeah. You said that yesterday again. And it's not good. Don't keep Sam ahead. That's always fun. Oh, it's especially the beast and engaged man. We don't want to hear that he showed it to you. I'm trying to encourage him to gamble so he can supplement his income. There you go. Well, he's a big slot guy. You know, he was happy to meet that time. He was trying to get your judge's job. Hey, loves wheel of fortune. He's a big slot. Well, you know that because you were doing the show in a Bahamas that time. Yeah, right. It was punching his guts out there. Okay. I was he playing in that quarter slots or yeah. Go quarter slots. Well, he knows the limitation. Family that's got the cash that the his family's got. Hey, he better learn from Stu got's man when your family's gots it. Grab it. Yeah. Have a great day. You too. Too much please. All right. Wednesday. See you tomorrow. All right. This is a whole hundred. Live. Come to your. That's not what. Now I'm a bear. And you. You did not narrow into paradise. We're broadcasted from the plushly infronted abandoned the studios and WNCA New York for more home and a good guy. Welcome to the NCA. Welcome to the NCA. Yeah, it's good to be back in New York. A town so great they had the name and place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Jared Oh Astro Kumar Thomas. And then if you're watching something cool. They're basically fancy. They don't look cool. Yeah. But then. But then they're intriguing. You don't know if. No. I should have that. When you're done aisle conjunction with the fireplace. One chip? I just want to do an extra-fooling at the end. I'm gonna fight the Hight. I'm gonna hold on to the end. That was cool. I'll never fight me in. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Where am I? What's that sightshank? You're a standing thing. It's a feeling of a cold night. What? See, I'm all. Mole laughing New York today from a two to four in that exciting? Yeah, right. All right. Thank God George has a good memory. So we remember we had that New York moment. That was great. That's what we got to remember. Ten fourteen and five sixty WQAM. The blind guy. I know. We know we know Bob Eno. One man of mine, a mobile phone, a mobile phone. One mobile phone. One mobile phone. One mobile phone. One mobile phone. I can't believe that. That's not the bit I wanted to play. Can you believe we got so much in as DCS that we got two bits with the same name? I'll be here. That's shocking. That's the thing. That's the thing. That's the thing. I know. Emodema Prima幫ema fairfinalина Pena Pima Pima fairfinalлиma Pima Pima Cohenemanko Yeh cool He's out. He's ready for both shows, and eventually Maa Tlanco P Feilemanko Tlanco Uuu That Who? Come on everybody. I've been a rap player from dreams. Of that chant in play black Both announced he'd hear aaked. That is shocking. Wow. First of all, you can pick almost any letter to the alphabet. Any word of servant, Venom, we got some crap in the computer there, so to. Why does this show another thing, too? And it is a few on the air for about 100 years. You get a whole collection of real crap. It is 10, 20, a few, a few, a few. And speaking of crap, there is that Chad Betsy Everett and the whole thing about the hurricane. You people that are all up, p.o. about, well, everybody got to solve with dubb and much to do with another, and line-in can be, you know, understand, because many of the time is especially local politicians. It is like the boy who cried wolf and everybody all with, you know, up into a frenzy, the boy who cried, the wolf looks great. And then, nothing happens. Right. And a lot of times, the frno good reason, like when Mayor Tini Peenie that time got everybody all whipped and the thing was already north of us and it was up to Palm Beach County, it was going to have any affected all on data-broward. And all how dare you people, but an Al-Sund-China went out there waving his ham-hawks, remember at that restaurant? I think it was the Floridian or one of those. Yes, it was. Or a Norma hangs out. Was it? Oh, it's that turn of place? No. Well, yeah. But anyway, one of those kind of places. And then he was chewing them out. Sure, you're woken up and shame on you and the Mayor took first of all of Mayor Peenie Winnie wasn't Mayor of, at last time I checked for a lot of delirentium to do with Broward County. That's number one. And number two, there was nothing going on. It was already passed, Al-Sund-China. Is he still on the year? I guess. Wave it his ham-hawks. Man, what a disgrace. What a joke. Speaking of disgrace, roadside bombs exploded near 3 US convoy's in and around Baghdad. They wounding two soldiers. The attached team, and they after the death toll for US forces rose to 1903, 1903. Since the Iraq attack. Just every day we start with little bit of Iraq news, because things are going swimming well, or we're fine. We want to pass along the good news, because our freedoms on a march. Fifteen hundred and seventy-two votes on the poll yesterday. What one thing you want to know most before you die? I thought that was kind of an interesting poll. I don't think I've ever done that one. No, whatever. That's right. The next day, though, we're going to be doing a lot of repeat the polls. Because if you think that, what did I tell you about this coming back to do in five days a weekend? No problem with that. Other than this poll business. And of course, it's like Frankenstein and a monster we created. Now we have to keep in you feeding it. Right? Yeah. Because the voters out there, in case you haven't noticed, the audience is very hungry. They want to continue being spoon fed. You got to split them about their hurricane. Nothing happened. And then, of course, the last time was just the opposite when Katrina came through a Broward and David before one of the Gulf of Macreasy. And, ah, gee, it didn't give us enough warning. We really created a lot of them. Well, how do I supposed to know? How do I know how does it, uh, it wrap before it's supposed to know? Or Mac's may feel, or Curtis may feel, how do I always supposed to know? Bottom line, if there's a cloud out there in the area. It's a cloud in this guy's heart. The water can expect the power to go off several times. Although, thank you, F.P. and I'll forget in just about everybody's power back on real quick. See, Chris, to show you when you least expected. 1572 votes vote. One thing you want to know most before you die before they put your sorry ass into a box. Is their life after death? 364 people want to know that. No, don't forget, man created gods in his own images. That's the way it goes. Man created gods in his own images. I think that's the way it goes. Yeah, it's a bunch of crap, okay? And his wrath shall wax hot. Of course, the god is perfect so we couldn't possibly have any wrath. That's why all of these gods, they have all these human feelings and defrails and characteristics because man invented gods. So therefore, when you expect that, yes, right, in his own image. Where his wrath shall wax hot unless you Jews kill all those go in. Get working on it. Is their life another planet's 242? Who kills AFK to 01? Life 50% of America's so dumb, 158. Abu Ghara, is there really a god? 148. Damn god! I thought this audience would already know the answer to that question. Was 9-11 a Neil Kong conspiracy 117? Maybe? Maybe? Maybe. Just read that peanut pleasure of allegiance. This ain't called Burger G98. And of course, I really don't think so. I think he's saying to be showed it to me, I'm going to like, start getting nervous. Whereas Osama, Yamama 38. So you see, you were half right about Hank in the computer thing? Josh? Yeah, well, you know, he has one, but he's not using it right. And emails are starting. emails are good start. That's right. Although, be honest withy emails, most emails are crap. When you read with that, it depends on the source and the nature. Yeah, especially on Yahoo. But you have to pay how many bulk, measured, I hate that Yahoo. And it's your fault to I hate Yahoo. Like, when you use it around you. I'm not using it. Well, I mean, I use it when you send a message, which is very rare, but then bulk you have 822 bulk messages. I'm going to delete them. Yeah, you just, I mean, I just clicked the one thing. I delete them, right? You want to make it or email? That stuff goes into your main folder. Right. Oh, there's crap goes into there. Two is a matter of fact. Not with me. Yahoo, blows. Whereas Osama 38. What are the 11 herbs and spices the curled to use in 32? Why are talk show call or such A-holes 25? How many licks does it take to give it the center of a tootsie? Is there a common that? Yes. Maybe the worthless candy guy, Grandpa, would answer that. Who shot two pack 22? Who's buying me a six pack? Does my spouse cheat on me 22? Who killed cockrov and 20? Is it a horseshoe or four-leaf clover upgrading reads? That dumb ass, 18. I think both of you above. He's got to have a whole, well, what's the secret of the big Mac secret sauce 15? I got a great line that would tie those to the other one. I'm not kidding. There's my spouse in the light sheet 12. Who killed Marilyn Monroe eight and is Elvis still live eight? See this intellectual audience, did I interest in celebrity puffcraft like Elvis and Marilyn Monroe? Although I think Marilyn Monroe has got tremendous points of consequences because he was supposed to hold a press conference and out the candidates that he was PO to them for Bobby Dumpener. Yeah, well. And then all of a sudden, by the way, Peter Loughford and Bobby showed up at her place and next thing, you know, she was topping a lot of pills. They said that she died from a, I don't even know if I could dare say this, would Joyce hang in the way I had. She died from a poison enema, barbiturates I heard, right, but an enema. Yes. In other words, you got poisoned in the black dome. Wow. Awesome. Hurricane Rita picked up strength today. Is it churn toward the Texas Gulf Coast? Was upgraded or category four when's topping 135 miles an hour? You see how fast these things pick up? So those are you people saying, oh, gee, you know, just consider yourself lucky that there are those of us around to give you a little bit of information. Okay. So, you know, you're going to come in from the rain, including you idiots in the keys, by the way. Oh, it wasn't all that bad. Look pretty nasty to me. They're just lucky that this thing didn't take just a little bit of a jog, you know, and it Eatercloth is morning. Rita was 195 miles west of Key West. Now it's 200 in some miles. And 790 miles east southeast of corporate, corporate, corporate, Christie, Texas and I can guarantee you, you can bet the, uh, Bogreffen's life on it that your president's going to take real good care of his constituents in Texas. Because even though those other states, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama are good old boy red states, it don't get no right of them Texas. And of course, that being his stomping grounds where he was governor, or at least, uh, theoretically. He's going to take real good care of them people. He's even bringing gun camber to sing Yellowstone. Now, John is singing to raise some money. All you starving and desperate people out there just wait till we get that music on the shelves. And once the, uh, residual start coming in. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 62. Yes. Don't tell me. Come on. If they don't come any better than Todd Keller. Watch me. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. Watch me. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. You got like healthy only with a much higher brain. It takes one day, one and a half year to pass now. Play my face for it. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. Watch the bread and whip. **music ** Planting ** track, **music** Now watch the Josh manipulate the bell. Isn't thatみ how it they. Oh 10 polls. What. I'm sure. I did. I just pretended you didn't give it. They didn't want to have the same thing. How about those Marlins, baby? Oh, man. Lost to a girl's team last night. That was bad while Houston won last night. So doesn't that put them three games behind these straws now? Yeah, three back. Of course, straws and he tried we used to call that Tiger T. Stroke's beer. But anyway, they're about three games back. With 11 to go or something like that. Not looking to good. No. And especially on the night when the fillings lost to it, they could like, you know, made a little hay there. But nevertheless, who cares? We got the Marlin game tonight. We got the most from New York at two mad dog 4 to 6 35. I'm realizing now that mad dog, they're wasting him badly. Because he's on most of the baseball season, which is a huge part of the year. He's only on for like two and a half hours. Am I right about that? And I know we're paying him. Yeah. Thanks to Joel Feinberg. We're paying him like Zin and Z dollars and big bucks. There's certainly so mad dog. Don't get me wrong. But to do a two and a half hour show. I'm sure he has a beer there. I'm sure he is. So I'm thinking like him two to five and then maybe mobile five to seven. Marlin's on deck 6 35 and of course tomorrow and they made the same mistake on here. They did yesterday 6 35 to 7 10 Marlin's on deck. Then we sign off for technically prepare for 20 minutes. 7 30 the Marlin game followed by the Ed Kampon gambling show. I don't get that. But then again, it's clearance. He's had a lot of pressure. Now that the beast got the hitch to his getting hit, Scott engaged. I guess so the car is going to have to look for different company tonight. Former president Jimmy Carter yesterday accused of Bush administration. Failing to maintain the standards at the agency he created 1979. A figure that Democrats said led the biggest zester that he fell in the world. And after we start by Hurricane Katrina. Oh, but you haven't seen on air. Speaking of idiots. They should have called on general honor rate to be general. Ornery. Got helicopter. There's Mickey True. We're working very closely with he's got. Yeah, I worked this you idiot you. Kyrsling Carter who served as the president from 7781. City made three promises when he created FEMA at the request of the nation's governors who had asked him to put under one umbrella the 16 agencies that were custom dealing with after disasters. The promises were that the agencies leaders would always be highly qualified. The agency would always be an independent agencies and would always be adequately financed. Carter said the hiring of a brownie brownie to head FEMA was a disgrace. His word disgrace. All three of those promises have been violated to the 80 year old former governor of Georgia, total pack called his presidential library and Atlanta. Not too far from planes. I already don't know where planes is. Do you know where planes are Joe Jays? Not too far or Dintree. Because I think that the people who live in planes if the president's of brothers any indication at Rosalind and I'm almost the daughter's name. Amy. Amy Carter. Very good. Now she looks like definitely kind of that kid up with a banjo in the tree. Like one of the beastlies. She's definitely part of that clan. Poor girl. Yeah. In fact, you ever see her and Chelsea Clinton together? What is that about? At least one thing you can say for a bush family. Okay. As the daughter's relatively speaking are small-bring. They're smoking compared to some of these other presidential daughters in recent years. Right? It's just one of those things. That would be a good pull question someday. Yeah. Presidential offspring. I mean, we could put, you know, we could like to do an asked racing foot, most grand the kid on there too when we find out what it is. And I do emphasize what it is. Okay. Here's our pull today. And yes, it is time for some repeats. The good part about the repeats, which is going to be a extraordinarily frustrating to the audience is that when I can go back and thanks a lot, Eric, find a way you are a diligent man some days. But we'll back into history here and find all the pulls we've ever taken on your show. And then I can click on it and it gives the result with all the names that we're on there. So like the one for example, the worst TV actor act this ever which we did about a year ago is or was. And then we're getting a lot of votes on there. We're doing okay. But so we already start with a long list. So these people that want to use their opportunity calling rather than to say something for found and prophetic and prophetic. I just to give me a name. I got one for the pull. That's going to like this will hasten the demise of that whole deal. I'm sure they'll have some to add on here. We'll go call anyway. And then when he calls say, Freddy Prince, I'll have to look up 60 hunt and then we find out it's under already anyway. We got to have the 89 votes and at this rate, we got a shot in a thousand a. So forget about that Marlins last last night. That's small to take the suit cares about such crap. Right? Baseball. Just a game. Leaves meet boss in last night five. Nothing exhibition game. Anybody care about that? Or at the cops call a seam in Hamilton. Anybody know where that is? No. All the cops know. They're noticing the exhibitionist games is that they're having a shootout at the end of the game. Whether this no matter what the score is. So in other words, even if it's not tied, there's no overtime. I haven't a shootout. Just to give the players practice shooting out. I'm sure that the jurors have decided about that. But what? Five six seven. Five six. I guess I'm going to give the result a pull read this list. The name's that it'll be like one 30 almost time to go home by the time. Right. We got three hundred E nine votes. Well, there's so much crap on TV. And of course, jick has spent all this time writing about all these TV shows. And the fact is that 95% and below, the worst in the hurricane, we'd end Katrina combined, they'd blow Tom. Worst of all time, actor actors Donald Trump 41 Chuck Norris 39. And I think tomorrow, I want to give you the result and we'll compare with the original pull from a year ago. And you'll say, oh, yeah, 20 Danza 35 and deservedly. So he really gives me full. Oh, man. Why he makes me think of my still there. Five sagot rhymes with Faggot 25. Tori Sculling 24. How are you spelling that? David Carruso 17. Now he's the guy with the orange hair. Correct. I know who he is. Mr. T 16, Roseanne 16, Ashton Kuchikuchi Kuchi 14, who's doing Demy. Can't or he was 13. He's a losing the fast, by the way. He's a losing. I still say he doesn't have a, he doesn't have what you think he does. That would. I'm just telling you, there's just something strange about that guy. There's something bizarre. There's something missing. I'm like a part. Can't or we've speaking that 13. He's right under action at the moment. JJ Walker 13, friend, Russia, the nanny 12. Russia and always mean more than anybody I've ever seen in my life. Even off TV. She could be the most annoying. She makes most seem like a good Samaritan. Falco in 12, Will Smith 12, Ray Ramana 11. Ray Ramana said everybody knows Raymond. Correct. Oh boy. I'm going to change my vote. Oh look at this. Read a post of the Houston region. All those poor bastards. Oh look at those people. A lot of Houston and the good news also was it's only Wednesday. So they got Wednesday and they got Thursday and they got most of the whole day on Friday. There are no excuses and Texas men and you can be danger. They're not going to screw up over there. They've been hassle off eight. The spies and reviled everybody except the Germans. They like the name. Jerry Seinfeld six Kelly Rippa six. Irvivaletia is five. Thons Johnson five. LNT generate five. Susan Summers for the art. These are really a bunch of annoying people. The question isn't annoying though. The worst actor, actress on TV ever. Jelial White for who's that? Who that? I don't know. You don't know? I don't know. Jelial White is Erkel. Oh, Erkel. Oh geez. I get skillful from Erkel too. John Ritter for West and pieces. Mario Lopez three. He was on at horrible show. Wasn't he the alleged rapist? On watch show? Save by the bell. And never watch that show. Mario, I didn't want to either, but I know who he is because he was accused of Raked it. I'll Lorenzo Llamis three. Not that's bad. You probably voted three times for for Lorenzo. I would have. No, I voted. He used to look real pretty man. Erickest draw. A three. John Revolt of three. Vincent down a three. Oh, three. Who's that? I know. I don't know. I don't know. Who's that? Who's that? I don't know. Who's that? Oh, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. I'm going to be a three. And I have a happy day, isn't it? Correct. Answer Williams is right. Under Don, he's got three. Angela Llamisbury. You've got a pair. Martin short two. He's going to be in Boyay. Max Beard, too. John Stamos, too. I'll pick it on Black Ya. Danny I. L.O. Two. Hey, them. Henry Victor won the funds. Murdered as factored and look at away those two always seem to pop up together murder It's been burning and Buddy Epson old buddy out of 400 and two already we could do 20,000 votes today, guys Is Neil Roger It's Time when all the Netflix style and the ratings war Why I Said I To When asked myself but the hell am I watching this crap for It seems every four one more and more a Man She shows got to know a Feel And lately I'm Looking into space that I Better off with less may the deals Come all those new shows Say Only And their all sensationalized Real That's programming Drive to the train company Okay 1046 14b411 and 560 WQM I don't see the phones ring like crazy with names for the pool today or with any other Important stuff and I see up where we're stealing their thunder with this They're probably having like meetings on the audience you know the regular crunch Oh, he's got the whole list of why are style. We yeah exactly see that that's why it would be better repeat pools If you went through the whole process again it would be ponders. What would be the point of that right we already have the the first 600 names for it on there the the basics of it over He just sends me man straight to the bowl. There are a lot of people send me. I'm going to reach a lot of time at the bowl. You know I'm not talking about the orange bowl Why see very jackass was right in this morning about the the hurricanes are getting a little peo because the orange bowl improvements aren't colonists supposed to be going and You're a mayor you're no speaking in ways mayor. He says the one who's giving us making us fully a $20 bills. He says as long as he's around the Hurricanes are going to play any orange bull and cinnamon so on and he knows about the bull man. Believe me. Come in Q. I am hello Hello How many Q. I am hello see all the calls are going to be like this now because now they can't build it. Yes, sir. Oh I think they're tongue is died now right to a telephone pool. How many Q. I am hello I think it's a good. Good. How many Q. I am hello. Hey. How are you guys? Okay, sir. Hello. Yes, speak to me. Yes And I know the calls won't be like today. Why doesn't bush could have known the kitchen. I'm in Texas. You will with the real people go through now. Yeah You know notice how fast you got a New Orleans yesterday. Man you got on that US that Air Force one and man they high tailed out of their fast Back to that I can say we just come with a van to one or knee. I'll look I said that high pressure system that real high I-I-I-I is lucky they're lucky for that because that's the one that's going to keep that thing for making that northward turn Allegedly until every late on the process and they're actually saying that if the high you know if he keeps moving real fast rear Weeto then it actually might hit like Brownville Texas way down there by Mexico maybe got after the Mexicans Huh, what did they need that tell that Brownville? Brown probably because it's near my seat. Just that you're like Hank you see you what you give the setup line And you want me to say something really nasty and I got to take the crap for it. There you go. I am not fooling me. You're out of me You and your buddy Hank probably have planning to have meetings. I probably email each other tonight Ways to set me up to say terrible things about my good buddy mode Door door door door show from the York today and probably with some of the jets probably celebrating a big jet's victory WKWN hello George you are George is good WKWN hello Why I'm open the garbage eating possible somebody QA and hello Yeah Yeah I'm going to tell you what it is. Yeah, I don't know Brian Colonel Brian's very good. He I wouldn't say he's an actor, but he's he always a TV person We got other people in there that aren't I well well pretending to be not he said Donald Trump's not an actor He's not in like a dog. He's not a dog. Oh, but the whole of a game show he's like an actor Game show. Okay. It's not a game show. It's a contest. Well, it's a contest But there's a speed and say reality show you what you're looking at you know No, no, your reality shows Mr. Ned Bridgston is going to come and kick your little ass Telly's going to throw you right off the 79 speed cause wave a go over there again Which I wouldn't do for you go over and see some of you see how the markets coming oh They're sunny out there sitting on the corner. Sun is got a franchise right here in Toronto I do think some of these homeless people have got a franchise I told him that story a couple years ago about the woman that they fought and they followed She sat on the same corner every day, you know with a cup and a whole thing the homeless with a sign and Every day she would leave at a certain time so they were on day followed or the media and she got into a nice new automobiles And they followed her to her condo Good scam man Q a m hello Yes, sir sounds like Reverend Jones right out there. Oh, he's awesome. Do you know Q a m hello? How many for that? That was pretty good night only two word. I didn't who it was. Although I didn't have one yesterday Where you just took the breath remember that right without speaking a word I know it was him so that I'm getting better as in my old age as I get to be more seen out Of course, this is the old-fart station keep that in mind Okay, all new young whippers knackers under the age of 100 you better go over that other place because we're just about to old-san Jews W to Q a m My blasters no longer god Okay, W to a m hello Yeah, can we put through my clothes on George's Hall Ha ha ha ha haha There grupph it year pool of man. I'll tell you that by now all I can say to that guy is you very good. Let's see line nine Q a m Not there what a ashamed. That was a good one to his probably from Rochester Papa got call them again from Iraniquit censored the name of the Lord conservative Christians appeared and how he would bogct bushes this is Ias is long Oh, it's too long to read now But it is II pretty good the indication what's going on from America these days and then I have an article about the quotes Howard View I've seen the face of God. I got some good stuff here actually. I got a really fine pile today We got only three hours to kill. Oh, come on. What takes me a little more these calls? I ain't gonna take a lot of calls today. I'm gonna take a lot of calls now on now We don't worry about oh, I got my fric a full. Oh, yeah, I sure you do we got 7,000 names on there already See we really played a little game with our minds today because I got this while in addition Which it helps for getting a lot of early votes on there because you know I changed the pool of my eight-fuck and I'm on right 444 were two thirds in a way that the anti-Christ man the 666 we got 444 and it's not even 11 o'clock yet I'm saying the thousand votes to an apology. I'm saying it. I'll bet you Maddie Bell and fat boys life on it And we'll throw in the appointment to us. Okay, 452 they're coming in and chunks the worst TV actor Accuracus ever is or was B and who's leading so far? That's kind of interesting Donald Trump 50 Chuck Norris 47 and Tony Danza 39 And tomorrow give it will compare we'll put him side by each with that be fascinating. It's similar forward to for me We're just gonna repeat and you're how many polls we've done since the beginning about the 1600 some odd So figure it out how many now how many days of work a year do I work? Not 30 days a year so I got like 50 years worth of shows Covered with polls not bad. We'll take it. W Q a and huh Not sure yes, sir. Yeah, better for the store of his pushes race is anybody really care to go It's really want to help you. Oh, yeah, they're gonna be in which his ranch is a little inland It would seem to me though. Crawford. I don't think it's gonna although you know something maybe the Lord We're working in mysterious ways maybe that thing is gonna like zigzag right through a Texas and fine crop You're got a good point Let's say a car for a pali Okay, go rub your mrs and say a prayer for it. Are you a lot? I don't think you're a lot of your mrs And I'm like oh don't think you think about it and certainly you don't be able to know dead chickens Don't be choken at Dead chicken on your door because that's also against the law I got a story here a little later about the new crackdown by the FBI and pornography We're a sarcastic story from the New York Times And if this and he and that's just our cancer from their standpoint But from the people who are like in the in the agency like this is what we're working on now They're getting that's going on supposedly all these terrorists out there lurking in the wings and all these new video tapes from all's right here And we got al the alza wa heri and al al-Qaeda and al Yeah, alzolson we're talking about him the other day. We just can't find out. We know where Moe is Moe is in Don't forget more from the rotten apple between two and four that would be really something W Q a M hello 2 a m George is definitely the worst. Okay. Good. W Q a M hello There Q a M. Ola see this is we return the corner today make no mistake about it over Q a M Yeah, good morning The question is I What is the question is did you find the resembles between your good friend? More on your website the picture of human is thanking the manky, which is I really enjoy Actually set a few records in all 400 miles 400 Yeah, I In miles an hour. I think you might be the record. Oh, do you might be the winner? No, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, it was like a special sound, but the question is did you see the resembles between his picture latest picture on this Thank you monkey and the other guy who's presiding right now in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan Which is a name of Hamid Tariysan I guess I might have never seen the two of them together In fact, I'm surprised me if Moe is doing a show from Tommel today, huh? He's doing a show from some other bubble in common Oh, there went the audio vault now You know something I think this this sounds to me like a great class action lawsuit We think I against this company because I'm not about you but every time we go to a break I'm like on pins and needles wondering if this pot is going to play all the way through this is tremendous stretch You know we can't like go to the bathroom or anything right stress kills because this is a went and doubt it keeps crap and out over Especially lately it's been Really what's the story of this time of course Hank is in a second up at the engineering department You can't because they're fixing the toilet. It's okay. Well, I think that's about to speed Okay, I think most of their talent is in the toilet engineering. So what do we do now? I mean I got I'm away away. Hold on give it a shot bang it smack it Oh, how about one more time? Teamy guy is calling invasion uh That the way In a word over computers don't work I even like those old cars we used to play the ones that were like off speed in everything and it ones that were real Much of that you can understand over the steel builder client for so what do we do? How came back again? It just keep keep by Yankeman Okay I'm going to swim into the water with sound to the left to the right here we go Don't see no I Don't see First of all easy and up and it is for a car right It's mismanters versus no manners That was a good one That was disgusting Hey, my new shoes my wife was a bitch but at least she's not a heinous bloke It's a souvenir of white swath My That's what yeah Love you the white swath season for me They're at total idiot Only on these easy Oh, but it's a lot of it. Oh, two or five 60. How do you feel? Welcome to a place where uh well We're like I'm a periphery of radio. That's why I had a laugh about that business Greg is going to get out of radio perhaps at the end of the year. I didn't know he was in it Maybe once upon a time but surely not now and don't call him surely Doug Thompson you're very favorite. I got a lot of stuff here and I'm gonna I'm doing it okay Is every now and then we'll dig into these calls and you know, give these people an outlet for their Ah, like that which is fine Good to more and more than that all the time because people are a little other You know, they don't want to be over Burton with crap right now they gone through these hurricanes and all the warnings and the threats and the rain and the Gas lines and gas prices thanks again, Mr. President by the way for the bargain basement gas man You're a gas but nevertheless it's so there there's a lot of that crap They don't want to be overwhelmed by it so a little bit of lightheartedness and for volume and just a little chuckle That's enough every now and then not too much Now did you see the models chant ever at best he ever at Myers is on us in and they're just a minute We're going to show it a whole bunch of different models about 75 of them and the sum of them for this and now category four We're trying to get it's going to become a five not that I know anything but I just I thought that sinking Stinking feeling is a very good chance at will and then the sum of models are actually got it back up toward Luziana again right after he was telling us just a little while ago about Brownsville and Browne and Browne How and all that other stuff and the Mexico see I think he was talking about Browns and Mexico It just be good to make like an ethnic thing, you know next thing You know he's going to be taking shots to Taco Bell although they probably advertise on CNN Doug Thompson and the capital hill blue dot com right ignoring the real obscenities And this has to do tonight's head about the foreign squad Yeah, which I'll I got that little bit later on and recruits sought for the porn squad the FBI is doing the British administration's were on porn And we'll get to that later, but anyway, this isn't conjunction with that Had lunch last week Doug says the old friend a career agent with the FBI He's considering early retirement because he just can't handle what's happening to his agency They federal enforcement apparatus in the country. I didn't sign on for this He said the bureau has gone to hell in a hand basket He tells her the serving story of an agency ripped apart internally by turf battles He masculated by an attorney general who believes constitutional mice getting the way of a poorly managed war on terror And administration as focus is marginal at best our number one priority in law enforcement is supposed to be fighting terrorism He says so what's the latest initiative by justice and the bureau we declared war on pornography That's right and at time when the focus of every federal law enforcement He did as supposed to be keeping this country safe from terrorists attorney general albert organza las is diverting time agents and resources Under a war on dirty books and movies Not child pornography mind you but the kind of titillation ended consenting adults who last time we check are supposed to be free to do what they want in the privacy of their homes According to a job posting that went up at the FBI's national headquarters in all 56 field or offices The bureau plans to assign eight field agents plus a supervisor in all necessary resources to a porn war that the posting calls One of the top priorities of attorney general Gonzalez and FBI director Robert Mueller agents talk about the posting and make comments like already gave it home We've met the enemy and he is us but the gallows humor does little a mask a growing morale problem within the bureau Our friend shook his head. We're supposed to be taking down people to destroy this country and I'll birth to once to turn this into a titty squad The T and A squad is its film on agents got it started on performer attorney general is on ascroft a Bible Thumping anti-pornography zealots who tried to prosecute a Missouri couple for selling a sex education video for adults ascroft's case was so A laughable a took a jury of mostly middle-aged women less than 45 minutes to equip the couple the judge's lectured Adjustments for wasting legal systems time with such a Fervilous case But Gonzalez on with a mandate from the rabbit right wingers who control Congress and the White House Pants to push forward and quest to rid the world of dirty movies another sexy stuff Ironically such a moke can target some of the GOP's major supporters big business in conservative ideologues like Rupert Murdoch all or they conservative pseudo journalistic Fox news network Murdoch in general Motors for example our part owners of direct TV the satellite broadcasting network that delivers explicit Sexual program into customers direct TV offers three channels of triple life-related movies from a spice networks Owned by playboy enterprises along with playboys own channel, which recently began offering hardcore Sexual programming in fact hardcore programming a such big business that time Warner owns a piece and hotel Tains like Hilton Sheraton and height and even Mormon based Mary-out offers the sexy material. The guest is a vanguard added service The FBI's recruiting memos says the bureau is going after manufacturers and perversive pornography Does this mean they plan to arrest Rupert Murdoch and the CEO of general motors will say W. Bill Mary-out junior chairman the CEO of Mary-out International get passed into the slimer somehow. I doubt it General motors executives in their political action committee game more than two and a half million dollars to the Republican party Causes last year Mary-automator player in GOP circles when fat cat donors put that kind of money politicians are more than willing to hand out the KY jelly drop their pants grab their ankles close their eyes and say Please sir, may I have some more this is a real opportunity in today's America where it starts Combs and he's the bottom best. Yes, me you go Doug. Yeah, can I have some more then over? How's that pull coming up tell you man? We're kicking ass today. We got that hurricane out of the way We got Moe in New York where we can be safe. Oh, look at that read a cause flooding on parts of keys highway Us once all over now. Okay, forget about it clean it up and go get drunk Five hundred and six votes man and just a little over the first hour if you ask me that's not too shabby, you know it Even Josh is impressed by that he thinks we got a shot. Oh, we got it to like 650 by the end of the shower I think we're home free the worst TV actor. Actress ever is or was a fantastic pull from our long list of spectacular Pools Donald Trump 57 Chuck Norris 55 Well, what about later? It's like secretary of and Ali Dar and affirmed Tony Danza 41 Tony's spelling 32 Bob Sagitt 31 runs with Mr. T 22 David Jerusalem 19 Rosanne 18 can't arrive 17 friend Richard 16 Hulk Hogan 16 John Hogan Don't have any no votes for John Hogan yet Derek Ashton, Kutcher 16 Ray Romano 14 JJ Walker 14 will Smith 12 for he gives me spilties Jerry son, that's why I have so many of them Jerry sign to the level. What you've shat or live? What's wrong with Bill Shatner? I guess he can't sit up. Okay, he's a fun guy It is life. I used to be good too till he drowned. Oh, David Hasselhoff 10 Kelly rip a nine Don Johnson eight Eric is strategist hey Eric Eric you're fairie John for both of five Lorenzo Lama's for Suzanne summers for John Witter for John Stamos for Angela landsbury three Vincent Donahoe Donafrio three do we decide who that is? I don't know who it is. I think it's for us to not free other whatever well the hardest driver Don't pronounce it that way whatever his name is dining most three answer where you have three Dini Danny I L O three and he Griffin a rift two three Bill caused me two Martin short two max beer two. What about the boxer? Was his name max fair? Is that the same one? No, Max fair was get throw from that Beverly Hill though. Well, what about the boxer Max fair? I don't know what it's about him. Noble Allen thick has one Zodie Foster has one I bet you're a big one and bigger than Ashton Koochi Mary town of Moore defend duck Henry Winkler when in no votes Yet for K Jackson, what's wrong with K Jackson not that as far as I can tell she was in that fat movie with What I could look and got used to play in the rookies Michael Michael on King wasn't even that we'll be making love Yes, David burning on Meredith faction on and buddy. Epsony would Javadaa on part of the Jones has the big oh I'm tempted to play that team. I like that so much What? No, not Bernie Miller, Burnaby Jones. Oh, buddy. Epsony Bernie Miller was that they're all Funny that he got with a mustache right what's his name funny? Lovie Bernie Miller. No, it's not how old and how old and how old and off you how old and you know, he reminds me I give up who's the guy that was like in making a big deal into Orleans the guy that's a Sing's the Italian songs that's supposed to be the big open sings a lot of a paper sound no, no the young guy the Again, come on a young Italian figure. Yeah, I didn't say he's a tag in but he sings this it like Godfather He was saying something there to martino No, young young that Al Martino had just turned 117 there were making a big sentence He was donating for underworldings after their hurricane and he's making a big sentence Come on, you know what it is you can do it. We're counting on you the whole world is depending on you Right, and that's it here. We're a junior. Yeah, just throw it name out Italian But he says it's a he's since small tea song What was it lizard he's a little petal petal guy? Yeah, he's a lounge with you exactly That's where he belongs in the tiniest lounge. He couldn't sing his right about paper sack I don't know what he's another one of these people. I must know the right folks You don't understand. That's why he was in the godfather He wasn't actually in the movie, but I think he doesn't need sing seven the songs on the soundtrack from like I think Godfather I think one of them he saw the movie. Yeah, he saw it He saw it in the dollar weekend specials, but he said that's all they can afford these days But he's doing a nice job donate money and I go in there right Harry Contact Jr And by the way your music sucks 12 minutes after 11 at five sixty WM mole Howard David from New York today Amazing thing mad dog at four the New Marlin pregame at six thirty five Marlins at the match They did a not repeat last night's performance or it's gonna be over and then it can't go back to the game over And you haven't seen him do that. Huh this No, it was better if I didn't opt it on he was on just generally going on. See yeah And I posted on hoping to catch it then was he going over no and over again Oh, I remember that bit that knowing song what the hell is an image that song? I guess the song is called over and over if you want to hear one song this fall over and over again This is the song to hear over and over and over again How many times can Nellie and Timmer draw a sing over and over again I'm See there's always a good reason to play that I love it right anyway Did I say 12 past a lot and I think I did it five sixty WQ and for all new time watchers out there Public baby only in Miami My Just Oh Everywhelming but Lots With devastation he will reach all of you He was he's here for your family Sounded there to help him hang Together we can make a difference that's in three I'm dying all the hair Come on, America we need you Sit don't you know, you can come on and get in there We have got the hell to see you all the more That it's time like this, you got it we'll stay So the death toll from the Katrina on the Gulf are 8001 in Louisiana And it's total of 1,035 What happened to those 25,000 body bags in the 10,000 dead just in knowledge You know, it gives you the feeling they have got a clue what they're talking about Especially that mayor Nagan man he is just I feel almost sorry for him because he's drowning in a sea of incompetence He's in way over his head and he ain't got any under all his tremendous pressure by the business people and the bar owners And this ethnic group and that ethnic group and he don't know what to scream or peel of an Anna Everybody come on back come on back No turn around get out turn around get out and now it's like Don't go to the YouTube They don't go to Houston whatever even in fact Houston just ordered the low line areas to evacuate And Galveston ever well would get to that or maybe not I got a big pile here although the most important story even a son centralized you got on this I'll lie ahead at first a rubber company in China has begun marketing condoms under the brand names Clinton and Lewinsky condoms Apparently seeking to exploit the White House affair that led to the impeachment of America's 42nd president Because he was in all those nasty things unlike this current president Those words you only said well senator your administration's follow see was as I at tickety was my job to articulate the administration's policy That's no answer at all let him have a tent stick into a baby In fact maybe Ted can drive John Roberts home after the hearing he said after the promotion ends the Clinton condoms I'll go on sale and 7 China for 29.81 that's $3.72 for a box of 12 Well, let's see a box of 12 that's about how many cents a piece While the Winski model will be priced at 18.81 at 235 in his end quality The Clinton condom will be our top at line he said the Lewinsky condom is not quite so good It's got maybe three four holes in it. Lewiss said the company it chosen to use the Clinton name because consumers view the former president as they responsible person Who would want to stress stress safe sex is an effective way to prevent the spread of the HIV virus The names we chose are symbols of people are responsible and dedicated their jobs I believe Bill Clinton cannot be unhappy about this because he's a very generous man Lewiss said the company didn't believe using the Clinton and Lewinsky names constitute a violation of copyright or other laws We have received full approval from the local industrial commercial bureau to start production He said, Clinton's campaign aggressively for high nades were in his China where the disease is spreading rapidly like wildfire At some of the things all over the place Just take a peek in their man bubbles in there too. He's all over he's in your crotch 555 votes. You see that I just peaked it out of the court of my eye. I just knew there was a momentous number on that pool We're five six to the way we're like over 80% of the way that are like six sixty six and well on the way to our 15,000 votes on the poll today As we start record breaking numbers. I bet you we didn't 80 share in this book, you know, that's probably because you were on most of the summer. Yeah, right it all is intellectual people Yeah Max they are senior the old boxer was max their junior jet robotines father. You see Dodini Don't they have to comment but Vincent's out of fear was pile I wonder if he was kind of commerce piles the fat kid who shot the sergeant and killed himself in full metal jacket Edgar and men in black and detective on law order criminal intent Vincent and off real he's very good I'll don't know Wow Wow, I gave goosebumps Now I think of that dot of a little 20 years Put a bit of good show Actually, I think that really good show that actors in good strength would I'll kill the dying Oh, well, one of the talking hits the yesterday. She called they had our fat ass governor on her. She says governor jed bush Oh my god, I thought is that like jed a die The fact of what his family is behaving again lately here when you think the jed a lot of your good name for that claim Oh Wow powerful stuff man, then a crappy show I goes to show it TV Always give me the big you know the big build up and then they let you down Probably know some women like that a lot since they're the name of the Lord conservative Christians read it how they would block both through do I have time to discuss this is to I just have so many of these They're long today, you know, and that means I'm going to be doing a lot of reading which is not good Miguel will not be listening to show today. Thank God. I just I'm tired of him. You know, I'm just tired of his crap Not that I should take it personally anyway because who the hell cares what he thinks. But it's just I don't know. He's just annoying. He's always Mr. Contrary You know, he's Mr. Contrary and kind of a nice way is supposed to some people don't know country in a hostile hateful way He doesn't in a nice way, but it's still the same effect. You know like hey, what you doing sucks, you know, well get lost Take a take I go over listen to how do you mom be that's more if you're Ali Sally get back any your inner tube Little way baby, maybe you can bring back alienito and then we'll have something talk about in fact if I look back at some of those early polls Maybe you may as many of them have to do with poor little alienito and they have bailas and the all of this stuff. I like crap and guess what that was a pride Family matter what seems to me as your governor would say your fat ass governor. It was a custody hearing just like Terry and her she Who private family matter, but he sure had no problem talking about that and open it up a big fat ass mouth But when it comes to his own dysfunctional family and his kid getting busted for a This is broken episode again. It's a private family matter and no well. That's a private family matter. Yeah Joe Connison writes in New York of Zerber, Bush White House a haven for hacks. I'm going to do this one for the short. It's not real short. Hurry back When Republicans still behave like Republicans and conservatives actually believe in conservatives and these those are where these Esparade bring us where they considered to be good government among other things that meant appointing officials qualified to execute their positions Vainting fiscal responsibility and insisting on public integrity this reality frequently failed to fulfill those aspirations of course, but at least they tried Now we live under a distorted the similarly of Republican conservatives and when the attitude to a government that seems cynical and fundamentally nihilistic Or is that nihilistic as in Dale God this approach was summed up years ago by the right wing commander in White House adviser Grover Norquist when he explained his movements long term objective My goal is to cut government in half in 25 years to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub before drowning in however Heena's comrades will pick its pockets led by George W. Boyz today's concern is a delayed elevated political paper and intramate universal and tolerable peccadillo to a public minutes so intent are they in providing lucrative comfortable Jobs to the members of their own gang that they have come to resemble the old Clubhouse Democrats of Tamimi Hall The difference is that Tamimi for all its corruption provided an employment and benefits to the poor while the Bushlight House Reserves his patronage for the welfare and well healed the result is incompetent slick over with arrogance and inexperienced God and by ideology sharing the outlook of Mr. Norquist the president is scarcely tried to find capable managers for the federal bureaucracy He shares the right wing Radical right wing objective of dismantling government institutions rather than managing them properly and effectively at every level Appoints loyal hacks who possess no relevant qualifications so long as they share his anti-government ideology This is like putting termites in charge of repairing the house the latest example is David Sivah Savafi and who said the residen last week is top for Cumin official of the White House OMB on September 19th it was arrested by FBI agents for lying about his involvement lobbyist Jack Abramoff whom he helped obtain control Over federal properties in the district clumbian Maryland is a former lobbyist whose partners in the private sector Included both Mr. Abram Abramoff and Mr. Norquist No doubt the end of Mr. Sivah Vian is like his friends a true believer in drowning government He had a little or no administrative experience that he had the right friends in the right wing of the ideology and like Tammany's immortal George Washington pluckit. He saw his opportunities in took him I wonder if he was can do who is the quote about the Indian god plunk it Jim plunk it before your time Josh Jim pluckit You know Jim pluckit a herd. I'm so embarrassed where such wanton there is that one time taken it becomes terribly perilous as we recently learned Is in making apartments to agencies that is supposed to protect the nation everybody knows about the strange rise and fall of Michael the Brownie Brown and FEMA But what if Michael shirt off the secretary of Homeland Security who may well be as much to blame as Mr. Brown for the Fumble Federalist Bonds to Katrina reporting by a night-reader news service So as the Mr. Trudeau froze when he ought to have mobilized government during the crucial hours leading up to the disaster Among the reasons for his statement was that he too lack qualified cases for the job He's a highly capable lawyer which may have caused him to dither over legalistic questions of state and federal authority But he has few credentials to write an enormous and critically important bureaucracy from the perspective of the bush line house The outstanding item on Mr. Trudeau's resume is his partisan hash work on the Senate whitewater committee The Homeland Security team certainly isn't the only member the whitewater alumni club to find painful employment under Mr. Bush from James Rogan The former impeachment manager appointed to run the patent office after losing his house seat to Brett Kavanaugh The former so-called independent counsel with services staff secretary to the president and many who joined the GOP G hot against the kittens have since Suckled on the federal T only days ago the president named Julie Myers a 36-year-old Republican attorney They had the immigration and customs enforcement agency within Homeland Security She used to be Mr. Trudeau's chief of staff and she also used to work for Kenny Star But she has no discernible background of what enabled her to oversee a law enforcement agency with 20,000 employees in a four billion dollar budget I will seek to work with those who are more knowledgeable in this area who no more than I do She said when I thought she expected to do her new job of confirmed by the Senate Surely she met the sound reassuring but an age of terror by wouldn't the president appoint someone more knowledgeable and more experienced Orchard voters and course over This is the real Rogers This is 516 Trump is singing the green acres theme of the Emmys and now he's expanding his musical empire with a new CD Trump TV Here's the story of a man named Brady Who made an absolute killing by adopting three more tax deductible children and by the way Alice To fight a major replacement one-eater from the Brady bunch to the Beverly Hill Millies the Donald sings them all Come and listen to a story about a man named shit the guy moves into a mansion in Beverly Hills The town is crawling with beautiful women and he can hook up What gives the TV side could even tackles the theme to kill it in violent Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of some morons who sailed in bad weather on a boat that small of the mighty Trump's TV feeds is available at Trump tower records and if it does well I'll make more the stewards through her own version 599 volt man. It's just 11.34 Like that. Oh, that was my amazement time jick on here because I got a thanks from Chris here Says Monday time jick it was sucking Steve teens but for half an hour most of the conversation was about you and your obsession with Steve I am obsessed with Steve talk about the park on the kettle pink Steve who see this is what Tommy and he's relegated to now You know what's it a great while feeling for 80 can a gambling show late at night and then now being against on the mystery Go show which you could put the audience in a phone booth see this is how you find out sure you would see that was a friend Linda Thornton that was a friend even Pat Curry even though she was of notches She was more friendly than this guy you know what's saying? But this guy is a time you're not fooling anybody you're sure not fooling any more your turn coat You're a backstabber your refony so I'll snuck his business. It's personal to your mama small potatoes and quite frankly don't write about radio Because you know anything about it anyway What what's happening in radio is passed him by so far gone he just doesn't understand it He even get the show and that's good. Bye Tom here's a fast from Franken St. Petersburg who says please add David Schwimmer Absolutely the more amorous actor ever David Schwimmer. Okay, you got him we got it There's what's his name Phil Schneider sounds like Schwimmer this and Phil, but really I mean the president at the end of the day One the election part of the job is you get the name who you want There she goes there's Mrs. Limbaugh or her used to be liberal Mrs. Limbaugh. They're in Limbaugh, Kagan you bitch. How do you like that? Yeah, she's got that kind of cock-eyed sour look on her face and Bill Schneider has been pretty good. Ladies Yamada. That's what he said The whispers began as soon as Renee Zellwager cited fraud as the reasons he wanted to brief marriage to come for each other Kenny Chesney and all was Chesney gay the stir says this is the Boston hero was Chesney. He's public is quickly the nod the room We're saying the man behind hits like she thinks my trackers sexy is unequivocally not gay But such speculation begs the question couldn't openly gay A singer make it in Nashville in 2005 and could it openly already popular star come out as Zell and Chad did without losing his audience The answer is Greg Alden, co-editor of the all country magazine No depression is no and no no and no He believes coming out after hitting the top of the charts. What absolutely of the movie career killer somebody. Thanks, this. Thank you so much One of the formal const constructs in country music is authenticity Alden said and when you break that illusion you've destroyed your career Mike Brophy not the hockey guy but program director local company's station WKLB is more optimistic about musicians coming out and saying Popular, but he says the caveat in there is that I think it might be geographically specific I think in terms of where we are in the Northeast absolutely is what he said But he believes the quality music wins out over politically touchy issues the bottom line is a good song is a good song Brophy said and if someone has a great song out there We're gonna play and it's gonna be widely said, but that's in Boston keeping mine almost coming think of a liberal facts up there Right, I think for some of those established has a lot of great music behind them It's probably an easier road, but if they're brand new and they have to be familiarized with the audience Then maybe it's gonna be more difficult road, but in this day and age I'd love to believe that it's not an issue at all right This is no new country music issue virtually no success from the musician any genre jazz blues rock metal rapper pop has started out openly gay But there's a long list of markin names who happily center for gay pride now Elton John George Michael, no Sethridge the integral girls Michael style for volume and Rob Halford of Judas priest as much as that sexual orientation as someone Accepted in society says Alden when you start thinking about places where it's still unacceptable That's just telling you anything that's America's teamwork in F and way baby 5 6 7 0 5 6 he will stick in a couple of calls in your cuz I don't want to wait too many stories and Tom Zico get really upset Isn't that something the way he turned man to talk about turning on a dime first he can cox that fully letter with now I know for sure is funny. He's just looking for some publicity. I guess your old news time ancient history Anybody that would go on that show of course you used to go on with Sandy to oh lovely lady. Oh Sandy 600 eight votes on the pool. I'm excited the worst TV actor actress ever was is Donald Trump 65 Chuck Norris 65 a flat foot a dead-even-tie. How do you like that? We got a race baby Tony Danza 47 to reskilling 44. I'll just read a few Bob Sag and 34 Mr. T28 and that's that's enough Should we take a call or two cuz I got a heavy a pile here so many Q. I am hello Oh, Neil yes, sir It's a sense also they've had a great story and mice with spinal cord injuries work because of stem cell injection This stuff really works the Republican said it wouldn't work. Yeah, yeah, and Baby killer yeah, but if anything it does work and Eventually in ten years people will be able to walk but they don't care One more thing on the daily show that we did a whole thing on evolution Christians on tape saying dinosaurs were walking with Adam and Eve did a great show need destroyed the story of Adam and Eve It was just great. Okay. Thank you. That was Adam and Steve God created Adam and Eve got Adam and Steve You know something that religious people are a hundred times hundred thousand times crazy Then I ever saw a new show. Yeah, that's what we need in fact every day That's all you do here and say is religion is bull crap man invented God and stop at a ballooning Okay, there's no life after death There's no God's in that there really is horrendous game plans There's no Jesus on the cross it's all a bunch of somebody once told me a very wise man many years ago Bubble mice's very tales very tales very tales that's it very tales There and Kagan I she's off my list right now You see I told you it would rub off her and right I was all she was supposed to be so liberal and the other and I was sitting there rest sucking up Well, doesn't he have the right to name any? Yeah, how about Mickey Mouse he could be direct to a female honey? How about you? There are at least to get you off the damn tube for crying out loud get her push off our tube More partner I'm a good friend. Did it harder? Oh my god your breath are beautiful congratulations. Get a life Oh Yeah Basin waiting for24 Morocco now a mole from the York at two can't wait to miss that six hundred nineteen votes on air we get to six fifty by the top of the hour i think we got a shot don't you think that's the dividing line of barometer the gauge okay six twenty three like I said we got to be able to that get to six fifty by noon you can do it Ryan Ryan Ryan Perry a US correspondent in New York for the UK mirror rights up in flames tons of British aid donated to help hurricane Katrina victims to be burned by Americans hundreds of tons of British food age to America for starving hurricane Katrina's uh... survivors is to be burned because US red tape is stopping it from reaching hundred evacuase instead tons of the badly needed NATO ration packed uh... the same as those eaten by British troops in a rack had been condemned as unfit for human consumption maybe have some of that spotted you think maybe and unless the bureaucratic messes clear of soon it could be sent for consideration one British aid worker last night called the most sickening senseless this incident furious colleagues were spitting blood when we that's what they don't want to food the food which cost British taxpayers millions of sitting inside of a huge warehouse idle at the FDA we call the women when already had been left to be distributed scores of lorries what is that what are lorries that's a British crap uh... truck headed back to a warehouse in Leverock Arkansas and up at an FDA and situation flat a the ministry of defense and London said last night at four hundred thousand operational ration packs of ship to the US but officials by the US Department of Agriculture which impounded the ship and under regulations related the important export of meat the aid worker would not be named said this is the most appalling act of sickening senseless this white people while people star the FDA is we call the ad from Britain because it's been condemned as unfit for human consumption despite the fact that these are NATO approved rations of exactly the same type that the British soldiers are eating an Iraq under NATO American soldiers are also in satellite such rations yet the starving of the american south will see them gruffin smoke because of FDA red tape madness the worker added and i'll have to edit this there will be a cloud of smoke about little rock soon a burn food of anger in a shame that the world's richest nation couldn't organize a p. up in a brewery and let's americans starbully arrogantly observed petty regulations doesn't say p but we don't want to get joys read everyone is be voted by the chaotic shambles the west is making a this crisis guys from unicef are walking around spitting blood a lot of people spitting blood everywhere this is utter madness he said people work their socks off to get food in the region it's perfectly good NATO approved food the type British servicemen have yet the FDA are saying that because as a meat content it's come from Britain must be destroyed if they're trying to argue that there's a B. S. E. reason and it's ludicrously out of date there's more B. S. E. and the states than there ever was in Britain and UK meets been safe for years that's mad cow the ministry of defensive we understand it was a glitch in these passive and impounded by the western part of agriculture under regulations relating to the important export of meat that British meat fed the situation to change it all the time and our last meeting on Friday we were told progress with the thing made relation to the release of these packs he said the american certainly have an indicated was there are any more problems and they haven't asked us to take them back they're just in limbo they're doing the old russian symbol rock food from spain and italy is also being held because it feels to meet u.s. standards has been judged on fit for human consumption you know i can understand how those damn Europeans are still alive to you it's amazing so miracle every time i go over to see all these living healthy people there aren't nearly as fat as the most of us americans they and Canadians and it's really really fagencies are furious that thousands of gallons of pair of use are to be destroyed because it's been judged on fit pair of juice mad cow disease mad pair of oil boy mad cow pair mad pair disease the FDA said we didn't run you gotta watch out for every pair we didn't inspect some meals ready to eat on September 13th they said they're the only mrs we looked at there were 70 huge pallets of vegetarian mrs they were from a foreign nation we instructed them released and for this to be because they didn't have any meetings but that european meat oh god don't touch it it's a it's a unsurcomed respect and in line with that the federal government is diverting hundreds of truck loads of bagged ice cubes from the gulf co-circuit really perfect to cold storage in portland main other cities they can use them there famous as it has more ice than it can use in hurricane zone wants to keep it in storage for use in a future emergency main ought to be really good but critics including some truck drivers who been paying 800 bucks a day while hauling the same loads for a week or more say the process seems like a wasted taxpayers money the 9000 dollars that paying the meat and move this load should have gone to some family down this at Lauren Reeves who hauled his load of ice from the earth state to Alabama before being set to main there's definitely millions being wasted that could go to people who needed Reeves truck was one of several enough at america all logistics refrigerated storage facility on reed street in portland unloading pallets deck with 25 pound bags I like that huh those people in Texas they're gonna be really pleased to know that in fact it says in the article that the stuff has been shipped to not just to mean also Tennessee and Pennsylvania for hurricane really could be very imminent that's that moment they promised they could take a vote it right oh six thirty seven on the poll the question today is we're bringing back somebody's old pools in man I think this solved a whole bunch of problems for me yeah for you too when you're still where you're to fill in right go back to that history there and that's matter fact I can tell you the first pool we ever took at least according to the first one that's on this list when you'll go on another one of his frequent vacations what do you want to hear we asked that's back I guess what we're still trying to invest up takes the Greg likes so much better than you right then nobody wanted to be here and then I hated like poison because it were like chopped up in a bunch of crap and all dated you know alien in the Pope let's talk about alien in the Pope it would like anything better than me well of course has wained under the game what do you think about the macaroon and of course it's undergone 75 main changes since that pool but that that's just a big idea who has hassled you more in your life and hassled as spelled with a tea how do you like that? Who gets more asked now when you click on that it was only a that it was one of those cookie poles that we do before to show you know one of those preliminary foreplate and it was the gators of the seminals and the it was tied 31 of peace I guess we should have put the hurricanes in there too much to think because asses their middle name especially after that game against Clemson oh my god triple overtime and it really they should have lost that game that kid was so wide open you could have like a driven a mac truck through there am I right yes you are they should have lost that game I all can't once again they got off the hook for old times say because it would be too embarrassing and too debilitating for the people of South Florida for the perry canes to start up with a oh and too record that would have been really bad embarrassing aren't we cursed down here they've been caught the man dog saying you're not we cursed down here we got that downtown Ronnie Brown who looks like a flash in the old afriing pan and he got Gus whatever his name is is a zernial for rock we don't like a lot pretty embarrassing but after that's the one half of a ballman it were pretty worked up to a frenzy weren't they let's start with a panther is come on they're gonna be good uh yeah I smell you right now where's my panther tickets by the way because Josh wants some for you really I tell you you really are getting pretty brazen in your old age oh yeah and I just mentioned the panther tickets here's a guy who's not really a hockey fan name me three players on the panthers um Roberto LaWango right only yoke it in right you can do it that's two I think you might I think that's all I know but you see that's a good plug is not if you can go to the games you could become a fan I feel like I know the name of the rookie I just can't think of it uh the rookie or even like the james bull mr the uh oh I know that I know a bull how about the horton there you go that's what I don't know I knew that and what about the Gary Roberts and Joe knew and like former make believes okay huh what about those guys Chris Grant and huh what about uh that the frog that they got what tells his name Martan Jellina nothing could be fine and then he get out of Carolina that's what he said he's been around so they got a good team this year I'm telling you all enjoy going to some of those games and I'm sure George can know range he'll range a meeting with the heads of the five families right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty how's that pull coming we're gonna make our a thousand today that that's our goal we don't care about anything else nothing else counts we don't give a crap about Tom jica mystery you go Burton jacks pepper corns sauce on your parmesan cheese we're gonna care about that's will okay all all these wannabes man the whole thing in this market is there so many wannabes so many little leaders in the right town for that that's why this show is like heads and show and voters above because we probably could have made it big like even in like lathe and you think well we're in key west back when the towers on the ground I was thinking about that yesterday would a big blow was coming from rea and I was thinking about the good just not to tower that station and maybe they'll smile castes again people wouldn't believe that George probably doesn't know that's there but over an IOD that to show you the great job of networking my show has been done over the years a final cast us I don't remember how long I was for about two weeks on a station and key west that had had the tower knock out the tower was laying in a horizontal prone position on the ground in the water yeah it was laying in the water on the ground that's the way to get you out there yeah so we made a tremendous impact and key west even a read in there couldn't come close to this show six hundred and forty nine which means we're going over six fifty by noon so we got a shot the worst TV actor actress ever was a risk and they're just too many to run down them all all about it take us to one Chuck Norris 70 down from sixty we've got a real battle going on between the two what is the thing with Chuck Norris I don't know you know I mean he's awful but yeah not not nowhere and he was bad as as it looks on the snow chump Donald Tony Danza for you hands that there you go he's he's nauseating he in fact I think I think that throwing up gotty and Tony Danza like right in the day and what about her so what about her Victoria's at her name Victoria gotty I guess she qualified for a final lucky in her ass on her man she makes me nauseous what are a lot of people make you nauseous yeah that's true a lot of make me just want to caca I just threw the water away am I doing this fine here now I don't know our Josh our focus your arms wrong number ten year old at least captain the uh chief let's get hockey intensive what do you say it's already September 21 Chuck Norris 70 down from sixty a Gordon Norris doesn't have anybody away and don't pose either Tony Danza 48 Victoria's spelling 46 five Sagitt 36 Sagitt rhymes with Mr. T 31 Nip to T that here they showed I once in a while the T me yeah Rose hands 26 Ashden Kochi Kochi Kochi I think he used to look really good but it's used to you know a lot of people have things you look if you put a stake on the table it's a different ten years it used to look pretty good now not too appetizing and he still doesn't have a Ashden's got 25 though can't or use 24 so ever seen together how much are they're doing it David Kuroso 23 Hall Cogan 22 Ray Ramano 18 everybody hates the Ray friend Resher 18 the Nanny and JJ Walker 17 Kelly Ripple 14 I told you she's a piece of crap you like her though she's I don't know I just I'm sorry all right so good thing I'm not sure I'm not sure you have a conversation I said she was one once that's all right once okay well I said so yes I said to Kochi Kochi but both of them I fall on a hard time she's got an Audi so she's off my list I see how you think he's going oh how do you know here's your last here's your last tent listen sit on the edge of your scene to see when he hits the button if the audio vault starts here in a minute here's your last chance to save thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong for to home today've always treated everybody just like family and they want to extend it off for you to join their family Ford Natchley's extended their Ford family plan offer through September 30th and right now at Armstrong for to home city get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company employing their families get not only do you get employee family pricing but you also get Armstrong for as exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for limited time with a new car purchase you get a color TV for free so what's not to like what you could possibly be waiting for pick up the phone right now called David Richardson 305 24751 12 and he'll tell you you won't get a better deal on a for any place in town needs right no bait and Swiss no phony deals no BS this fantastic offers waiting for you only at Armstrong for to home city always treat you just like family Armstrong for does it US one is southwest zero seven streets is 20 minutes south of the eighth 36 you won't get a better deal on a for any place else in town how much of time jick is life on it check them on the web Armstrong cars dot common and give David a call 305 24751 12 and asking about the Ford family plan today grab a few miles extra but save yourself a potload of money thousands at Armstrong Ford of home city this is Neil Rogers this is five 16 to a oops ah yeah this is it's doing great you know something this is this is so outrageous what's going on with us the last several days now I mean if this happened once it would be one thing to say well you know crap happens good happen anywhere even in a real radio station which we are not but this is so embarrassing and humiliating and degrading and it just goes on remind me to rip-hank an ass when we do the cross over tomorrow about that thing and engineering he's a you know so they can fix the toilet big deal we get a pumper to fix the toilet how about fixing the equipment that's like on the euro would be good fix it try to get it it's the 12 to one hour yeah at least for today coming to us as the NTV this far survivor is lo-make-law each week 16 female contestants will try to survive harshest lo-make-law as they can beat in luxury reward challenges just outside the Holy City of Mecca this will be the toughest survivor ever see women try to steal bread from a local baker without getting the hands-up off what luck he can just think and win immunity if she can get behind the wheel of a car without getting banned that in the ass and how about saying nice things about juice in front of a muslim clinic without getting shot on site so tune into Alchus in a TV this fall for the premiere of survivor is lo-make-law its TV in Tite was probably 677 votes and back you waiting in Galveston and Glen Campbell's all excited about it are they're they're they're they're they're well i mean they got like they had yesterday to start working on all day today all day tomorrow all day on Friday release most of the day Friday because it's posted like one Saturday maybe eight o'clock at night okay so they got plenty of time their Texas no more excuses no excuses now let's see who wrote this Andrew Gumble in the independent how come all of this stuff is in those uh grit papers huh coincidence it says what are decent minded us critting conservatives to do if they want to watch a film without a sitting their sensibilities now they can watch their favorite blockbuster strip of any sex in violence thanks to two new companies he says a few years ago it's on an American food manufacturer that there was an intriguing hole in the market to fill vegetarian to one of the wheat hamburger is well remaining vegetarian or vegans what are craving for eggs salad today the supermarkets are filled with being cured based meatless burgers and eggless eggs salads and their hot sellers vegan cafe's worth that vegans i say vegan you say vegans vegan i notice vegan cafe's both men used to live with bacon steak all manner of other forbidden items that have been made safe for the meat of verse as with food so it is with films what are decent minded middle American Christian conservatives to do if they have horse sex bad language elicit drug use in gut-skilling violence but still haven't urged to see save it price saving part of private ryan or ryan's private or good fellas are the amity bill horror the beginnings of an answer came a few years ago with the advent of clean flicks a kitchen size you talk company that decided to offer videos and DVD for rental after they've been edited to remove all come headlight likely to be offensive to local Mormon population kind of sounds like slack for student may today that kitchen size enterprises turned into a veritable industry spending numerous states and attracting the attention of both lawyers and politicians all the way to wash and clean flicks is going from strength to strength offering a services on a monthly subscription basis much like the wildly successful mainstream company netflix and a second even more sophisticated company called clear play also based in Utah as strong up clear play doesn't edit the films as such for rather offers a series of filters so individual consumers can decide how much sex or violence they want to tolerate fancy seeing a mighty win the general quiz to progress that task-proofing folk music but without the revealing clothing no problem want to see a gritty urban drama like the recently released crash which examines racism in LA but without the implied primarital sex just press the appropriate button on your DVD menu and you can relax in the knowledge that all suggestions of elicit no fee have been purchased ahead of time the services not only prove popular in conservative states like Utah there's some evidence that appeals to a much broader range of lubricants consumers especially families concerned about the content that Hollywood historians and their children even at a tender age the sanitizing companies even have even said to work on shruck and shruck to finding the animated smash hits we played with scourmandu since sexual in yuendo and language that may not be cursing as such but still too salty for their pure tenical tastes the film industry is my perspective has reacted well starting three years ago when clean flicks started making its first year as commercial in rogsey directors build and write his guilt had been raving of what they see as straightforward and fridge been of intellectual property for while the work is modified and edited all the time for broadcaster on television or commercial plane flight for example the differences that those modifications are done with their permission through formal licensing agreements clean flicks and clear play no asked permission from anyone arguing instead that there are adjustments and amendments fall under the category of fair use the two sides quickly fell into a predictable legal dispute which dragged on until earlier this year when the bush administration itself decided to get involved in past the family movie act which sanctioned what the sanitizers were doing and was signed it law explicitly to make the legal challenge from the Hollywood big ways among them Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese in host of other forthright directors vanishing the judicial ether as far as the White House was concerned the law was an easy way of opinion that republican parties fundamentalist Christian base and vansion one of its favorite targets high woods free speech liberals those liberals been mysters quite a few democrats jump on board as well partly because of a perceived need to be for the conservative family value is agenda and partly because the bill also embraced a handful of anti-piracy provisions that the film industry was seen a keen to see in an in the law from a cultural point of view of the debate is let several questions are answered one of people really don't like watching films where characters behave badly great alcohol have sex or slice each other with carbon knives why don't they simply avoid them altogether two aren't they conclating the very different issues of protecting children from Hollywood and name of the and falling the work of genuine film artists with a specific vision to express any specific way to express it and free if Christian fundamentals are really so sensitive about entertainment products featuring distinctly non-Christian behavior how come the bible bell watches television shows like desperate housewives about a group of bored that drug-addled adulterless suburban women more heavily than any other region in the country the hypocrisy of excessive purism have been in irresistible spectators for for centuries not in just the u.s. and the advent of the dvd profanity police is no exception part of the fun of visiting the clear play website over and about the intriguing categories available for censorship what one wonders qualifies as a non-graphic injury slash wound is seen where the content police were forced to give up the start listing for crash for example includes this line filter settings not available ethnic and social slurs in a film preoccupied on point of obsession with racist attitudes and behavior one would think not but surely someone somewhere will take a fence still the clean flicks side it's about choice themes the banner headline is even funny when it tells the detective of my news show of censorship the list of profanities the company said system at it for the exas include the b words the h word when offering to the place the d word the s word the effort etc it also includes references to d d the g word and g c words etc only when these words are used in a non religious context one could spend an afternoon figure out exactly what all these forbidden terms are a russ marvellous how conversant those easily offended clearly are with the objects of their offense the criteria for violence are intriguing not least because the puret technical right wing in the u.s. clearly had much less of a problem over the years with blood and guts that has to say with teenage kissing pain being a much less problematic category for them in pleasure sure enough clean flicks tells us it doesn't edit all violence only the graphic depictions of the competition impilments this amendment excessive blood borret etc especially al gore the farmer clean flicks ray lines first had the idea for his business in late 1990s when he prepared a sent a sanitized version of the titanic for his Mormon neighbors minus the relatively brief moments of new to the insects soon he was taken upon himself to decide all kinds of sensitive cultural questions he wants to know your times about shindlers list the asker winning alicost drama every tg your democrats should see that film that i'm taking my daughter should see naked old men running around in circles he said sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit before force going to this must be Jewish clear play me while is the branch out of lee in that jerman to brothers from the heavily Mormon town of oram which is right next to go i'm who developed the software that enables them to play soldiers on commercial dbd's copyright lawyers and entertainment executives tend to have fewer problems with their operation because the db did the rise in the consumer hands is intact and it's up to each individual viewer how to edit the content much as they might on their own albeit more crudely with the fast forward button on their remote clean flicks on the other hand not only modify the films without permission but then makes money on the basis of those modifications without the family movie act it seems like the company would have fallen fall of law and lost its legal battle with the directors guild despite the passing of the act a federal judge would be hearing the case indicated is this pleasure the video companies behave you by ordering them the meat to run cost even as he threw out the case against them the companies have been looking for complete indication fact back in 2002 clean flicks had preentively sued the directors guild precisely the sick and declaration that what it was doing was legal but judge Richard match previously known for presiding over the trial of Oklahoma city bomber timidemic bay refused to grant what they were looking for and that's got a list of some of the movies that they've they've altered every so slightly like toy Brad Piston some of the kills enemy he raises a sword runs towards him and then not much clean for scuttle one other she clean for scuttle one other shot the plot we'd make here is that you still see the guy die you still see that Brad could kill them and so you know we'd take away from the story of what's going on a storm company found a way lines gosh report the refined world portrait Robert Alman Altman's film is even more buttoned up after clear players that it's work on Julian fellow screenplay when one valley describing his master says he thinks he's got all mighty they all do the first sentence is cut out leaving just they all do the result a rather cryptic comment which makes no sense whatsoever brave heart foul languages muted rather than skipped in this during tail of Scottish nationalism but close ups of bodily contact and battle wounds are kept in but the famous mooning scene involving well gipsons bottom back home and English army is skipped altogether and most of the battles eliminated William Wallace would be turning in his grave saving private Ryan the notorious twenty four minute opening scene involving d-day death and go on this norm on the normandy beaches is made far more palatable as is the generally brutal to the friction of battle throughout despite director Stephen Spielberg's insistence that these images are critical ensuring the sacrifice of troops in the true nature of warfare clean flex finds them way too much to take the matrix revolution for action flick the end of the version of the matrix revolution doesn't contain much action viewers expecting foul mouth threats and a cup throw fight between good and evil are more likely to be entertained by such naturally warnings as the only way you're getting to the stores over my big dead you did word and the godfather oh in a standardized version of the godfather site quality only played by James Con does not die in a hail of bullets counting relatively in the scar he's just well he's sort of there one minute and gone next and the notoriously glory horses had been 18 seconds of his cut from under most painless scenes in recent cinemas street how do you like that thank god that all those great going can be a kept safe from all this guilt in the cell look at he says we've got to be ready for the worst and I'm looking at him and thinking we already got all right so we commit this first we're going to help meet the immediate needs of those whose lives return upside down upside down when you stole the elections over this I like to have the most rushes everybody on the idea of saving five 16 hold on days our president's oh you ain't kidding goodbye George you got to go me oh my oh you gotta go home put the bad on the bio with you sure for the quick when it came to sit cherry shavun son of a bush is a food your two shall say goodbye yo that's not George it why people drown you play the realm of relaxing golf oh well he won't make cash or I are a tease and like a couple of keys that's have a bento boot and no one can't do even prepare for the worst of the area you were the one busy having for an action go to your best to get at a later date that's real bullshit I'll think you sit your way to one step don't you get locked up so it don't consider you but no one will get playing like with agent plane oh heads will roll a car and as for this the slap on the wrist and no charges file what a surprise since you're a liar no one gets fired with each new mess so nobody a new get told a slip in the pole that's no problem oh no fix it you're stint the she will deal with new will reems because that's their job as per usual son of a bush is a foot in your tooth you're an arrow we just don't understand you got loving your hand but what no brain no kind of problem so you made it obvious that he's in those little ones you have no shame oh shame what's that and what's with that smurf you stupid jerk like people have died oh son of a bitch you should be impeached and we being from to a solvable favor and get the fuck out you're here jackass Louisiana helping African American couple displaced by the storm track down their daughter and Maryland oh there you go let's hear somebody's really a great human interest story somebody's heartwarming you know what should be yes not to make you get right in middle of lunch are we apologize for that 719 votes on the pool not too bad huh the creeper on crawler way to a thousand day we will get there by two o'clock otherwise we may have to delay the emotional New York show not 716 we got the worst TV actor actress of all time is Donald Trump 77 judges happy about that truck nor a 73 20 bands a 55 Troy spelling 49 how you spell in that 5 sag at 38 and mr. TV haven 33 he's right on top of key in a reason can't seem to be enjoying it think you got to take a couple of calls because once I get started we'd know all of this stuff you know me I just got so much good stuff but no quick there aren't any well that's because we don't he's long ponderous things like Tommy says man this is a guy who's shattered or articulate his own ideas in the positions I mean you know I mean that more we endowed she ain't only a Rogers although I don't have a column from today right here message I can't somebody Q a n hello yeah can I speak to George no I'm sorry who can I speak to George grow up palay okay can I speak to George it's not like one year 577 I'm just testing the waters not as easy if there's anybody after was something saying another we see we've got their tongue twisted with this new pole deal might be do this all for like the next the three years plus pulls that we've been doing before and then of course we already got the pre-made list now they're all you're always in touch line and two it must be 50,000 bad actors and actresses out there they have an India but we just make an hell of a lot tougher for you all I got one for the poor how about something like how about having something to say yeah right when one was the last year that happened 18 WQAM hello yes in the old saying I'm moving my game and I got 362 miles hour excellent congratulations good life like Jennifer would say WQAM hello I've done better than that hey I you know you guys are usually on top of everything but uh but we're not having heard you talk about the federal government suspension of the Davis State and uh wage requirements for all federal projects out there in Louisiana and Hurricane affected areas yeah and and you guys haven't seen you know George Bush hey I'm want to help all the people out there in Louisiana with economic assistance at all that but we don't want to pay him the wage required of course correct but yeah we did not mention that in passing a few days ago that's that's something brand new get with it paly why why we supposed to be surprised about that okay just like the way he's treating the military and the veterans I mean is there any surprise about any of these things oh those aren't rich people don't you understand they're not his base that's not his constituency even though the military does generally tend to about Republican because they don't know any better because that's not much or thing it's kind of like your people is saying it's much oh we don't want to vote for those pansy uh specified democrats which quite frankly specified these days I think is the word anyway marine doubt rights message I can't see and again let me try to explain it because yeah not that I really should care but it just it pains me that there could be somebody's been around that long who's so stupid is a little Tommy jica the reason I read these articles like I said the other day by people like marine doubt in Frank rich in fat rich is because I'm not I'm not in their league I'm not I'm not a brilliant writer I'm not there's not I'm not capable of expressing and expounding the things the way that they do and the overwhelming majority of people out there don't read newspapers don't read the stories on our website don't read anything okay maybe once in a while take a look at the cartoons that's it okay so I consider and take 80 million stupid ass calls or talk about sports all day you think that Ronnie Brown's going to get more than 30 yards this week now stuff like that or I could just do this and quite frankly do we have a problem so far in a show I mean we have some problems on his radio station with some number of those other stories not between 10 and 2 and that's all I can do anyway see what what that fact that I said me before I think that was just you know it said to it it was sent to give me go and it did that's right why should I pay attention though crap hey time go on every show in town and rip me an ass to be sure I'm you know it's called the main right on the year marine dad says the president won't be happy until he dawns a yellow slicker and actually takes the place of Anderson Cooper violently blown about by Rita as he talks into a camera lens lens last with water hanging under a mailbox and he's hit by a flying pig in a squal sucked up by a water spout the eye of the storm over the dry tour tubas then maybe he'll go back to the white house and do a job instead of running down the Gulf Coast for a silly disaster officer every other day there's nothing more prophetic and watching someone who's out of touch fain being in touch I'm a still-side in pilgrimage of pettings to the devastation took so long to comprehend deputy desperately try to show concern he said he had spent some quality time at a shiver on planet pastagola and knattered about trash removal infrastructure assessment teams and the can do spirit we look forward to hearing your vision so we can more better do our job he said everything we got for Mississippi or geological officials to think bold while they still need to think bold most of bush had stopped posing in shirt sleeves in back to the oval office he has more hats and crony's he's tried to put into a important job and needs to ride her on that the announcement that a veterinarian Norris Alderson who has no experience on women's health issues would have the FDA's office of women's health ran into so much flag from a poll women that the FDA may have already re-neged on it no morning after pill thanks to the anti deluvian administration but there may be hope for a morning after horse pill a veterinarian on women's health Mr. Bush made a frowny over brownie but didn't learn much he's once more tried to appoint a nothing burgretor to a position of real consequence in Homeland Security the choice of duty Myers a 36 year old lawyer with virtually no immigration customs or law enforcement experience to head the roiling immigration customs enforcement agency with four billion dollar budget and twenty two thousand staffers has caused some alarm according to the Washington Post his Myers main credentials seem to be that she worked briefly for some semi-disgraced homeland security director Michael Turedoff when he was at the justice department she just married Mr. Turedoff's chief of staff John Wood and she's an aphids anis of general Richard Meyer chairman of the joint chiefs of staff as a former associate for Kenny star the young woman does have impeachment experience in case the forensic war on terrorism requires the analysis of stains on dresses Julie makes brownie look like Julie Annie I'll sleep better tonight knowing that when she gets back from her honeymoon Julie will be patrolling the frontier as if the veterinarian in the niece weren't bad enough there was also the accused they would set a baby in the White House procurement official involved in Katrina relief efforts was arrested Monday accused of the FBI by lie of lying and obstructing court investigation into the steamy case of casino jack Abramoff the Republican operative has broken new ground and giving lobbying a bad name Democrats say the fact that Mr. Safeguian's wife is a top lawyer for the Republican congressman who's leading the White House to the White House blood and not Katrina does not give them confidence just easy is still involved other inquiries Mr. Bush's trying to paper over his Katrina mistakes by putting his homeland security adviser Francis Townsend to investigate how the feds trouble response Mr. Bush's who's your daddy, very very very very very very well off the work on global warming and the allies on the Iraq invasion has been slapped by a mother nature which refuses to be fooled by spin when dollar rummelsfield came out yesterday to castigate the gloom and dooms and talk about the inroads that American forces have made against terrorist nap Afghanistan and Iraq he couldn't so easily we cast reality in Afghanistan he was his handpicked puppet president it's still battling war laws and he re-privified Taliban and the export of poppies for the heroin trade is once more thriving Iraq is worse with more than 1900 American troops killed five more died yesterday as well as for security men connected to the US embassy office in Mosul all the fashion a teacretic leaning regime aligned with the ran in Bosnia two journalists who've done work for the times have been killed in the last two months the more the president echoes his dad's message i care the more the world here is message i can't that's going marine i mean i can't know new rogers but now we're going to take who is exactly what do we got on the poll the worst TV actor after so many times ever is we got 738 that's not so great you know we need about a fifty by uh one o'clock i think when they're starting to slack off on us now you know those slackers and this is what i've been trying to teach you a jai have to keep whipping them and whipping them and beating them in the pop yeah but they just like you know they they they they lose their interest just like when i read those long pondless stories like the one i just read by marinda they lose their interests it's that they have a short attention span seven forty i'm seeing on their right now and we got to have like well over 800 by one o'clock even have a chance a chinaman's chance in hell in purgatory what are you saying about what are you doing oh yeah they can do it over this is new rogers i'm sorry what is by sixty two eight now we're going to have a new record of the great week i can't tell you how happy i am to be your new director of FEMA now look at it if you send your harder dollars to me yeah i can assure you that get every last penny will go towards the relief effort it will be such a relief to me to find a new tailored suit to that my oxblood shoe jay you know it's hard to believe i'm director of FEMA isn't it well you know i i think it had something to do with my fifty thousand dollar contribution to the RNC well never forget the day i delivered the jacket and now mister melt whew mister ease come in because i'm here to deliver this check to you who what an adorable suit i said yeah i didn't know sheer sucker was back in style well i i slept on the plane find a five stand up and no not at all of you are you you're not wearing any pain yeah just doing life art for a whole whole day security now turn around now wait a minute cut that out you want to grow now look at i'm not that way but i have someone here who will just to say oh well yeah and anyone who's you what that guy again everywhere i tell what you're doing well at least how it always going anyway twenty six to one a q a m the host of a new Dutch talk show pens to take care of when another really good rugs on air on the air in a program and tend to reach out audiences on topics that have still lives produce a send a day what you've been doing that for long time just today that bad the short schedule to prepare on late night TV out to over ten to school spoit and slick in i think it may be a bad translation here it says or the shoot up and swallow is that shoot up or up even in the liberal Netherlands where marijuana sold and used openly the proposed action by presenter filiman whistling is illegal in the idea was met with this made by ruling center by christian democrat party this is dangerous is said to bad civil said party spokesman p.de her mom we're going to ask the justice minister for his view on what the law says about this is view on dangers and risks involved just this ministry spokesman evil homens said it wasn't fairly whether whistling could be prosecuted permission of any model possession of any amount of her when he's illegal but in practice police usually don't have resources to chase after people will listen half a gram the actual taking of drugs is a health problem not equivalent lack although it's obviously hard to take drugs without possessing them first homens said in any case it's not something we endorse and doing it on television is un- desirable the shoot up and swallow shows main hostess will interview guests about drug use and abuse while west of like another presenter will carry out in the field experiments with section drugs west of nineteen six plans to ingest heroin in the form of a pill said in good timber spokesman for the shows producer b and n it's not our intention to create an outcry we just want to talk about subjects that are part of young people's lives you be saying another segment said in a show wrestling plans to go on a drinking vigil in a series of pubs also will try lsd on his couch out of the supervision of his mother what says to sugar cube so he'll be safe the needle ends is also known of course for its marijuana policy where the cell news had runs in small quantities are not prosecuted even though technically illegal other drugs including lsd cocaine ecstasy and heroin outlawed and dealers are prosecuted legal age for consumption of booze into back was 16 hope by the agra yeah via the law i got a good machine man don't worry about my machines creep by agra yes seven forty five seven fifty five we got a new we got a long way to go to make that thousand we're gonna do it i thought we were a piece of cake in like Flynn man and just when you take it for granted you start getting out of business and you don't start like bad bang and clanging and reading and you know reading all the results of that thing you know what i'm gonna tell you don't trump a checknors seventy nine to seventy eight and that's another reason they ought to be hopping on it pulls we got a good battle going on there right right just like a firm in alley darn noistinoes necktoneck is Chuck uh what was help was his name nor he's dead the race caller oh my god i can't believe i forgot his name what a great race call he was the guy at the before day johnson oh he was like shaving one day in a motel and he like uh croaked like down dry is there just croaked chick uh Anderson oh not chick her and chick Anderson here is a story of a little a lovely lady now this marked role that now you want to who the hell is that so you want to put it up said if i don't tell you who the hell it is he's a political activist commentator listen to Sacramento does that enough now let me give you a clue what this is in related time it's not a hell of a little statistic that you know okay starts out i have seen the face of god now you get ninety where this is gone i do now this is not George W. Bush's daily affirmation of on looking in the mirror each morning after coming to trans board refined and getting up although it could be i guess but rather the raptor's exclamation from Howard Beale Peter Finzene chownly predicted 1976 movie network based on the brilliant screenplay by the late great petty tri-fski Beale is a new sketch return prime time ranting head deemed the mad prophet of the airwaves who's on air anti-establishment truth-laden die-trives according to he drawdians not just his ratings goes sky high however when he successfully urges viewer's help kill an unsaving multi-billion dollar deal is the way the other kind involving the eros and is that was parent company communications corporation of america cca he also exponentially increases the hour of art of jensen and baby the corporation's president board chairman Beale's epiphany comes after jensen calls him in the cca's cathedral like boarderum and roaringly tells him how the world operates really you have metled with a primal forces of nature must be on i won't have it is that clear you think you merely stop the business deal that is not the case the eros have taken billions of dollars out of this country and i think us put it back it's abhin flow title gravity it's ecological balance you know the man who thinks in terms of nations and people there are no nations there are no peoples there are no russians there are no Arabs there are no third world there is no west there is only one holistic system of systems one vast and in main interwoven interacting multi-variate multi-nash of the minion of dollars petro dollars electric dollars multi dollars rock marks rubles pounds shackles it's the international system of currency that determines the totality of life on this planet that is the natural order of things today that's the atomic subatomic and galactic structure of things today and you have metled with the primal forces of nature and you will at own you get up on your little twenty one in screen and howl of america and democracy there is no america there is no democracy there's only ibn i t t and a t and dopont dow union carbide and xon those are the nations of the world today what do you think the russians talk about in their councils of state car marks they pull out their linear programming charts statistical decision theories and minimum solutions and compute the price cost probabilities of their transactions investments just like we do we no longer live in a world of nations in a d l g's mr. v o the world is a college of corporations in extra believe determine by the immutable by laws of business the world is a business mr. v o having previously written about the scene i feel like i'm starting to repeat myself having previously written about the scene i feel like i'm starting to repeat myself i want to use that one for while he says i can't help it though as i have horrifyingly watched the bushy's grease this gives in every way imaginable for their corporate crony's while simultaneously making it painfully planned that human lives including americans are worthless in their bottom line little minds i've mentally replayed this model of many many times its message is true today the one trashy first penned nearly three days the decades back there are no nations there is no democracy there is no america there's only business which leads me to ask to what are i really being royal now if i say i'm a patriotic american i think i'd like to do the break now this is very very long okay another one of those long stories is good well not only that but we know suddenly as of the season see if the one uh Josh put his the button is this is meal rosers oh real american a-hols we salute you mr. director of the federal emergency management agency if we learned one thing in the wake of hurricane Katrina is not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown what can brown do for you now apparently nothing and that's what's left of the gold coast nothing lost to better got to sit p two billion dollars has been allocated by the US government but you created so much red tape the victims won't receive it to money bro Michael Brown you're doing it when all is said and done you will lose your job faster than you can say equaler and if there's any justice in this world you'll be calling the Houston after dome home too we salute you mr. director of the federal emergency management agency your clipboard your stupid navy blue theme a shirt and your com over you are a real american absolutely don't forget most from the european to 777 votes on the pool we got a halibay a long way to go to get to 777 i mean i like to sound of that you know it's like right in the year 6677 and next come the 88 but i don't think it's going to be all i great we got a 223 to go in like an hour 14 minutes you think we can do that i don't know let's see an hour 14 minutes is what is 74 minutes okay and what i say 223 that's like that's about like about three i'm gonna wait for sure to do that if we had anybody listening out there if they were telling i sent her we know these old boring stories anyway i'd like to want to read right now by martyrol et who is uh... what is he who is he again i forgot he's a political set of us commentator losing sacramental at least does not but he can be there long anyway he says a few years ago i visited the dd beaches and normative frances i stood on bloody Omaha and look back at the tugging bluffs and remnants of the ubiquitous German fortifications overlooking the arena and i wanted how anyone could have ever survived the umbilending withering fire that poured down from them i've always marveled that the sacrifice made by those who willingly waited in that mails from ts help save the world i also spent time with the american cemetery of obamaha with its ninety two hundred eighty seven graves marked by white marble crosses and stars a vividly out in roe upon silent roe filled with bodies of soldiers many of whom were only eighteen nineteen twenty years old who died in fighting a war that many including me considered a noble cause i think all war is lunacy but since one never knows when the next uh... a pocological madman with a powerful army will show up to terminus squashes many human rights as lives as possible i also believe in providing for the common defense as a lineage the constitution uh... yes the constitution document that went combined with its spiritual twin the declaration of independence forms a venerated tenement about his the certainly beautiful ideals comprising the two lessons of what our beloved america really is released in sparingly strads to be or did that isn't till w came along twice got itself a plundered present and like a cacling drunken adolescent in other words a typical bush paid all over the whole deal see there's that p word again ono w are very own insane very little man who's affinity for dressing up a military garb started taking flight only decades after its finnier avoiding the same they need on a polly and was chest hunting the authorized torture in order of a hundred thousand a sense while taking his own delusional stab at global conquest a soul is not case of a silver spoon twitt who simply considers as he considers everything the aforementioned two manuscripts nothing more than dated for a paper's full of so many words and we all know how trying he finds those pesky things what would have been stuff to the brim with tricky letters and syllables liberties rights justice quality most of all the rule of law all viewed as merely net like annoying impediments by the bush in thugs is the goose step their way toward their soul goal and in that can be summed up in three words well for if you can't win in parentheses more power and profits or as the imperialistic impassos is the project for the new american century crow american interest in principles business interest business principles and ask you more on if there was one bush a more on if there was one cheap i know but two tempting i'm gonna swear field he did that you remember when we were taught about nineteen thirty's Germany and hit lose a sense and we'd all think wow why did the German people rise up how could they let that happen in their country just take a look at america under bush we documented death destruction and this a nation of democracy just a few short years is truly breathtaking yet still he is supported by tens of millions of ale brain adamant i americans hitler couldn't have gotten as far as he did without good germans either remember that in the end of the movie and ever he said he wanted they wanted to fire howardville right and mr. jensen was adamant i first time i've heard that word Hitler couldn't have gotten as far as he did without his good germans either for those who gasp and say why you're comparing bush to Hitler let me stop you right there figuratively look you straight in your liver literally be the little i'm sure you your damn straight i am lost and see wounds i'm blick nomen so in veer you take a look shall we let us like it no that's not what it means let us take a look shall we Hitler had no respect for human life bush has no respect for human life Hitler spoke in a foreign tongue bushbeats in a foreign tongue Hitler was insane bush isn't saying Hitler had a fascist regime bush had the fascist regime Hitler had a funny little mustache if bush grew one he'd have one too Hitler tried to take over the world bush is trying to take over the world Hitler will completely shot through with evil was a mesmerizing order bush though completely shot though with evil is well okay so the comparison isn't perfect but it's close and just isn't horses hand grenades and ongoing planetary annihilation closest close enough so bush hasn't since there's many undesirables off the gas chambers yet remember though it took even Hitler while to get those babies up and running in the meantime bush can just let americans useless eaters down and drown in their own homes if only those folks into world ends have been better Americans by being less poor consuming more and possessing lighter pigmentation well then maybe help would have arrived a little bit quicker the world is a business mr. Beel not to mention a touch racist whether the nature of the questionable industry in question is pharmaceuticals financial oil energy agriculture telecommunications reconstruction chemical insurance security food processing mining or increasing the water the dark record is clear the people of operates such enterprises prosper big time all everyone else suffers immensely it's not that businesses inherently bad that would be like saying an alcohol and inner its substance is bad the booze used badly is incredibly destructive and so it is with business only on a tremendously grander scale of course the moa had mother of all businesses is the military industrial complex of in the president white the Eisenhower a man who knew a thing about a war thing or two about it pressurely warned us over 40 years ago we along with all the other poor bastards on its to do list are now firmly in its death grip the bush's business upper-alist mentality and pathologically gravity are hardly news to me but ever since the completely avoidable deaths of hundreds of not thousands of Americans directly attributable to abortion is fellow fascist Katrina related criminal indifference and incompetence conspiracy take your pick i've noticed with me a new feeling a new thought presses and not so subtle and very real shift i no longer feel any allegiance to america not this one the america grew up in was in love with and was in love with felt part of was proud to be from got all misty i'd for felt a bone deep obligation to is dead dead dead and because the ruling cannibal to voraciously consuming her corpse will never relinquish power barring and exceeding unlikely armbrovolt has left forever the now found in foundation was building this america i would no more left the moa no more left the finger tried to defend the rotten government that controls this united place that i would lend a helping hand to someone who disembowls babies are burns animals alive because if i did the former i'd also be doing the latter that's not to say i wouldn't pick up a gun if we were actually invaded by another characteristically warmind mandarin nation like say canada but it would be hell of a tough time deciding who to put forth in the crossers no doubt you hear the refrain if you hate it so much here the money you just leave way ahead of the ramigo i make plans as i write this to move to a particular unnamed civil american country well it actually does have a name but i'm really sure how particular it is some countries are more prepared than others you know it lies between the karaguan panaman it's phantish name means rich coast that i don't want to divulge too much much less i give it away and about a year i hope to be living in coast of rica where i hate it when i do that is this throwing in the towel uh yeah i still find myself out there in this recorno with my anti bush sign during our regular ceremony demo here in Sacramento and i keep writing away into another activist do these as a sign but at the same time i wonder how much good any of it does my guess not much of any no doubt i hear this refrain too if you just pick up your sign and go to your new home what could is that to this is a legitimate question and what i'm sure every person who kind of plates fleeing his or her native land for political reasons we've repeatedly pond is i think it comes down to we all gotta do what we all gotta do i don't mean that to be flipping the sign and department will leave the u.s. is not the easiest decision i make although i fully appreciate being fortunate enough to to so choose from always naturally deeply love wrote a merkeh is stood for in men but i can no longer stand what it has become. how do you like that is there he's going to cost a rica yeah i heard about that place maybe you'll pack him a taco in a way up yeah tacos there i'm going fine six seven oh five six the i don't want to sit here reading till to a clock because then we'll get rid of in the newspapers and i'll be ripping me in as and they'll spell my name right we might get some new listeners how we do not a pull we got eight hundred yet we got eight oh two i'll ride we're going to make it eight oh six they're coming in big chunks now what is with these people are they're strange you know you would but strange they're strange in a good way sometime after colors eight oh seven the worst TV actor actress ever Donald trump eighty seven chognore seventy nine silver grab twenty dances on the r s sixty one tont a toy spilling fifty three bob say at forty four and mr. t thirty seven w q a m hello q a m a gliel yes sir what article was that or what the name of the title is the article is or oh i guess i'm not sure of the heading is marked roll at hey to America you bet this one meaning this America the bush America that's the head of the guy's on mark draw led d r o l t t e okay okay okay well i think i might actually take a look maybe print it out maybe set out copies and about on three chords i think i had a little piece of baking through yeah from all that reading man you're gagging on it what's better w q a m hello yeah black out yes but because he's black w q a m hello me and my hand wanted me to speak w q a m hello yes sir hey how you and i have room shaka on apple he is on a pool oh he isn't sorry on what about any jacket plays and i should come and also the guy was on dampness on the sun dummy a big dummy picker a pretty prince no a sand pretty son or sand pretty son or sand pretty son or was the other sure pretty prince was on uh chico man i was get those two confused well that's that cool you who's the uh i'm from sandfordson demand Wilson i think is the act for the money well he's been hollywood squares he was really bad he was not really bad after he was also bad and his name was spelled very bizarrely so i think you'll have to google it to get a right track the m with like the s m o m d e also demand it it's demand it no it is not all right is it get out in my house and do the one at right now the m o m d my s oh yeah it is demand how you spell it d e m o m d my s you're asked okay is grass well just smoking top at the six in q a m this is no good good good good good good good good good this is five sixteen six of the boys hello this is on this is not a tumor it's the ones the two hour oh yeah what comes off the Texas way it gets out on 90 oh they died in the Louisiana pyre's gas for the tea opening oh uh she not don't put the blame on me as I come from my vacation for a photo of a two-net tea swing your partners out and round now go a little swim through the war list out swim to the left to the right here we go swing a little mud out those obese oh Like this smash, your head in my guitar People say, I'm a rascal, it's a jerk William homewood, no match or even Richard has she drives us over to her On the road, because it's a poor, illegal park She's a beef-offie, brownwood, so if it has been calm And it's crack like whitewoods And I bet she feels crappy, got more votes than capi yours than TV in the rain On the road, there's no one we all despise Well she's misprim and proper, no one can stop her from telling her lie The one strong by a blue wich, must it did with constantly bitch She's the most scary animal in the world By far But on O2 at 56, you don't have any cool, I'm happy Wednesday too That's story by the way that Mark Groess threw that I read very poorly It'll be on a moral, or you can go to smirkingchimp.com And it's on the day, got it here, Eric Josh, or you can wait till tomorrow Look at that on our website That's his way of saying he's not going to put it on the day Which is okay, we got more than enough under today, we got more than you can handle How's the votes coming on that pool, we're going to get our 1000s hour This is the real test now, and those excuses, no more hurricane today for Florida We're in a clear, it's probably the sun is shining somewhere 854, we need 146, what can we do it? That's the obvious question, can we do it? Oh, it's 146, in 50, 7 minutes is what? That's like, not even three minutes, you could do that with your eyes closed Maybe Hank is there a work in the internet, so if that has you, thank? No, that was depressing, you know? Some people are just resistance to change, you know what I'm saying? Some of us, when we get old, we're like, funny, dirty, and we just go, I don't want to be bothered with that But I can't even imagine, and I think you probably would agree I know Josh though, because it's part of his livelihood, all the big bucks he's making But can you even imagine your life without the internet? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no more Thank you Al Gore, and thank you Mr. President for those old gas prices too I don't have to pick up a newspaper to find out what a movie is playing And I don't even have that, but doing a show without the internet Right, I mean, you know, what's the bottom of the tongue? I know that things change in broadcasting, somebody famous one said Right, but you know, some people don't understand it And that's why they don't write about radio because they've long since lost touch with what's happening Things change, years ago, who'd only needed a computer to do a show But now if you want to keep in touch with what's going on, if you want to be right on top of it For example, Indonesia is called an outbreak of blue and it's seen in capital and epidemic And it's health and agriculture less words today from around the world Converge on to card to help control the virus Now I keep finding more more stories about this and we do put them on our website And not too many people in America are talking about this Although I know this bush made a comment that they like in passing Like, oh, we're all going to die Health Minister, City, Fadilas Supati, which I'm sure is not the way Prounces name is almost Italian to me, but nevertheless Said the emergence of spray, I make a lot of mistakes in reading this crappy You know what to bed. Said the emergence of sporadic human cases of birth when recent months In and around different parts of Jakarta, home to 12 men and people Warrant of the epidemic tag. She was speaking before announcing that initial local test in a five year old girl Who died on Wednesday after suffering from birthless symptoms was negative for the virus Oh, thank God for that. She died but not from that bad stuff Well, that's where this could be described as an epidemic These cases will happen again as long as we cannot determine the source he photoreported But she assisted it will be raw to legal life. Here's the good part. It's not a frightening epidemic It's just a plain old regular pedestrian epidemic because opposed to a try of epidemic I'll stop the epidemic. Four and one easings already are confirmed to have died since July from the highly pathogenic 85N1 Strator bird flu, which is because of the total 64 people in four Asian countries since the late 2003 And has been found at birds in Russia and in Europe to six other patients are still in the government this is made hospital and you're currently suspected of having the avion flu Or is that avion is in don't freak the water. I don't say that avion's good water. That's not really from France like I said I don't like it. I'm going to drink bottle water. I'll drink sand telegreno. Thank you Or I'm out in Valley. How come my mountain valley? How come I don't want to go into it? The UN World Health Organization last week were in bird flu was moving toward a form that could be passed between human beings And the world had no time to waste a friend of pandemic and operate this spread's far more widely than just your Plato regular pedestrian, okay, I've had them at the place of the thing. Medians of people could not if they don't cut the crap and get with it But of course in America worried about important things like porn So here's that story. We crude saw for the porn squad from the Washington Post. This should be enough to make it And right on the heels of that cob I read by Mark Durelet who's leaving the convivier of Costa Rica You should be real fascinated to hear this. This is what your tax dollars are being spent for Recruits saw for the porn squad the FBI is joining the Bush administrations were on porn And it's looking for a few good agents. I bet you they're looking all read it as a country west. I'll do that Randy West Peter North Early last month the bureau is Washington field off or a fist began recruiting for a new anti-accented squad Attempts of the job posting was age a lie 20 not to electronic communication from FBI headquarters to all 56 field offices Described the initiative as one of the top priorities of attorney general Alberto Arganzollas and by extension the director That would be FBI director Robert S. Mueller the third he used to make some pretty good pasta, but no mole Most of his commenter began propagating around the water cores at 614th Street Northwest and it said lights where the FBI second largest field office constant Concentrated on national security high-tech news e-crantes in public corruption that was a baking grips Started like juicy no the new squad will divert eight agents to supervisor and assorted supports to have together evidence against Manufactures and pervellers of pornography not the kind of splitting children, but the kind that depicts and is marketed to Conselfing adults oh my god. I guess this means we've won the warrant Harris and one exasperated FBI agent Speaking on the condition of an immunity because poking fun and headquarters is not regarded as career enhancing We must not need any more resources for espionage. He said among friends interested colleagues and experienced national security analysts It's a running joke for us a few of the printable samples things that I want on my resume volume four I already gave it home and honestly most of the guys would have to recuse themselves federal obscenity prosecutions Which have been out of style since attorney general Edwin meets the third knee regent administration made pornography a signature issue in the 80s Do encounter many legal issues including first amendment claims the FBI court is memo noted first memo. What's that? Philorites what that was that? applicants for the porn squad should therefore have a stomach for the kind of material that tends to be most defensive to local juries Community standards along with a curvy and purpose of an absence of artistic mirage defined criminal off-centred the undercourt Supreme Court doctrine Based on a review of passive successful cases in a variety jurisdictions of MMO said the best odds of conviction Combat pornography that includes beastiality urination Defication as well as sadistic and massacistic behavior No word on the universe of other kings that help make poor name multi-big-indile industry beastiality urination Defication as well as S&M a well there goes that movie Pompator acceptance of our core pornography is come a long way with some of its stars becoming mainstream celebrities in their product products Once confined to city shops and theaters being perved by upscale hotels and most of them people on satellite TV systems Explicit sexual entertainment is a big profit center for companies including general motors and we're per Murdoch's news corp to major owners of the RTV Time order ink and the shirt and help them every out in high at hotel scenes like we said before But Gonzalez endorses the rationale of predecessor Ed Knees that an old pornography is a threat to families and children Christian conservators long skeptical of Gonzalez greeted the pornography initiative with what the family research console called a growing sense of confidence in our new attorney general Alberto Congress began funding the assembly initiative in fiscal 2005 and specified that the FBI must devote 10 agents to adult pornography The bureau decided to create a dedicated squad only in the Washington field orifice all of your offices may investigate Of sending cases for a similar to this initiative if resources are available they directive a man quote is said field offices should not however divert it resources from higher party matters such as public corruption Public corruption officially is forth on the FBI's poverty list after protecting the US from terrorist attack for an espionage and cyber base attacks Just below those priorities are civil rights organized crime like color crime and significant violent crime the guidance from headquarters does not mention where pornography fits in probably in your Brechtem the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau investigations top priority remains fighting the war on terrorism So justice department press secretary Brian Rorkasa however it is not our sole priority in fact congress is directed to the Department of Focus on other priorities such as obscenity At the FBI's field office folks will endeavor a wireman expressed disappointment that some of her colleagues find grist for humor the new campaign The adult obscenity squad stems from an attorney general mandate funded by Congress. She said the personnel assigned of this initiative take a responsibility of this assignment very seriously And are dedicated to these success of this program TV stay and see enjoy start a willow What a max that would make a match made in purgatory Yeah, I'm Tony that article I read before that so that that's the the epitome is admiral would have said that's the epitome of it right there You have your thumb on it the epitome the even as he said that on the ear once hey, but said moral was great and the then rather gets all showed up Danny boy was on last night with Larry King. I told him that and a couple of times I thought he was gonna You're choked up on there He's talking about the time he's gotten soaked up on you But the admiral was his hero. I know it's a great movie about admiral. It's a George Clooney movie It's not big on George Clooney about Edward armor. I think can't think what it's called it's either out or it's coming out And he said it was great, but anyway he wants an epitome on here We all all the great you're enlist make mistakes right right like me for example Like a half of the words that I've bought you a nose articles like who cares? Nobody cares. What makes them funny Is that what it is sure? Oh, these are funny articles under mirasin they can't be oh no I know I like him so much. Why are you like him so much like those cartoons? I don't think the one by a Mark Drolette was all that funny It kind of like all I did have all the network stuff in there That's what attracted me to what of course because I still think that and I don't care what Josh Curtis says You know, who doesn't like the movie. That's fine. No, no problem I can handle the whatever the hell I paid for was it 25 bucks just deducted No, seriously, this is a man who was so far ahead of his time is okay Patty Trieski who is his living years ahead of his time and the acting performances in that movie are so spectacular by Peter Finch and William Holden and by what's your name? Faith a lot fade done away fade away all of everybody in movie is great. Yeah, the acting was was good Yeah, you just talk to movie stuff. That's all and what about Ned Bady and what about Robert Duball? What a cast? Just the line alone just that scene where he's Erectulating their on TV and That was read of the suits there there was only a reculating excuse me. He was just a mad prophet Reeling about the apocracies or of our time That prophet ran about the apocracies. Yeah, what's wrong with that then grab it that's a good scene to the whole movie is great But it's just pungslike Josh court. It shouldn't be watching network ok. It's so far above his head Yeah, that's what it is network is to you like what this show is to Tom Zirka. It's it's beyond your comprehension is that right? Well, I'm pretty sure that nobody's called in and said hey I watched that work and Josh was wrong all they will know I mean, I'm sure plenty of people have seen it out there. I haven't I haven't heard otherwise So I'm not sure if you're telling me that nobody liked the movie if 70 in George. I didn't say that I just said a good message in the movie, but Little slow Oh, excuse me very slow. What was the message that? It's paid that away. Lyssey get on top is that the message you saw? 14 passed one at five 60 W Q a m the M of coast is Lord's number one eight and four made the phase ridden by You get rest around review you asked for it and I'll every Friday through Sunday night Lobster faces back by prophet demand featuring main lobster served thermodore style and it can still enjoy a cramp face to midnight with a less Can snow crab legs dungeon and scrub and Jonah stone crabs, too the main you still include fresh oysters on hash on a sushi bar with over 30 There it goes with those damn drop-ins again and addition the ammo coast is got your hand car primer been from your flaming grill delicious juicy New York states cooked order just the way you love them top off a fantastic feast with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain and Hand if your own strawberry is marshmallows other neck and treats just dip them in there Don't forget the ammo coast for most healthy your cook living to because they don't use any crap No MSG no corn starch no garbage no MSG headaches. They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol. We can all oil So if you want a fantastic feast that's good for you, too look the reservation of what memorable coast three locations You'll find them in sunrise sunny out speech and pepper pines for the emerald coast nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 Roger That's the wood. I'm 100% votes on the pole. First TV actor at Chris of all time. I'm going to be really fascinated in the into. See, I'm not going to tell him right now. I came up last time about a year ago. Because what that was that? I don't know what that was like. I don't know what that was. Nothing worse. A little blowback. 900 and some were trying to get to 1,000 by 2 o'clock. We got 40 minutes. And more from New York today. It's in 2 o'clock. The Mo show. We got 910. But let's see. What we got right now? Who's leading? We got 75 different names on it. These are exactly the same names. Plus we have one or two additions on here. Like we put a godly on there. Victoria, I hope I sure hope he's on there. Is she on there? Yeah. Put her on. I don't see no Victoria, you got it on my pole. Yeah, she's got 19. Oh, yeah, she's who. And that's because I'm looking way down on the bottom. And there she is zoomed up the list. You lose that. That show makes me angry. Because basically what they're saying on A&E, which is an A&E, the ol' and Vagropea channels. They do all of these great bio shows. In fact, you could see the biography of John Gotti on there. They've had that on. And John Gotti, Jr. Which by the way, I got that story about the Gotti. They threw this thing out. But anyway, for getting about that. But it's like saying, well, you know, I'm his daughter and our family, like we're, we're mobs through related. So therefore, you're interested in not. Right. And we're fine then. They're whole absolute. The day. However, I mean, it was the one not kind of Godfather and good fellows is that a clamorized mobs, Susan kind of like humanized them to me this empathized with them as opposed to, you know, the law enforcement. And the fact that these people were like butchering and murdering it, said it and so on. Otherwise, I did like to. Don Croydon. The worst TV actor or actress ever is or was Donald from 98 Chuck Norris 85. The Donald's starting to pull away. And rightfully so by the way, he's an idiot. So he's got, you know, see, this idea because he's got a lot of money. You know who else really drives me nuts that thing out on the other head. Turner. Yeah. But my Ted Turner has given a lot of money to charity. I'll say that he, you know, he's trying to do something with, and he's a self-made, billionaire. But he just aggravates the hell out of me. Ted Turner. Even James Fonda finally caught onto his act. Chuck Norris 85, 20 Danza 65, very annoying. Troy Spelming 61, five sag at 49. He should have more than that. He's he's the anti-Christ. David Croyso 40. He's another one. It's like a comic book character where he orange hair. Hmm. I was thinking that would be a really good pull to take some days. Some who most resembles a comic book character. And I absolutely even though I think he's not too bad Rob Marciano, the weather guy and CNN, with a head that looks like it's been in the vice, and they just tighten that thing. And his head is like about 20 inches of crime. David Croyso 40, Mr. T39, can't agree with 36. Nice haircut, Mr. T. Rose Anne 33, Ashden Cochures God. But you don't have anything else, although he does have the me. How high in 27 are very were my or 25 and we'll submit 25 and only wait too long to read them all out of 9.16. We need 84 votes in 37 minutes, like a little over 2 minutes. That's like one of his 25 seconds. What's the biggest witness with that, right? You would expect all the in we got out there. Bristol, Oklahoma. Juris, hearing the case against the former judge accused of exposing himself in his quick County courtroom, will be allowed to see the sex toy at the center of the state of the judge rule yesterday, rejecting the fence motion. They can also hear testimony that a second penis pump was seen under former district judge Donald Thompson's bench, among other evidence Thompson's attorney sought to have bar from next week's scheduled trial. It is so fantastic and so unconnected, the factual support and so prejudicial attorney Clark Brewster complained in tying in trying to convince judge C. Allen recalls a suppressant state evidence. Thompson 50, it has been more than 20 years on the bench before said, in the year of faces three counts of in decent exposure. Prosecutors like he masturbated with a penis pump under his robot presiding over 2 murder trials in the civil trial in 2003. Thompson dines the allegations and said the pump seized in the case was a gag gift from a friend. Brewster argued that the state should be prevented from submitting the device's evidence containing the not only did it not function, but it was also sawed in half. Allen is states custody. How must it hurt? No. Prosecutor Patty high. No relation I'm sure to jet high. Said an Oklahoma state bureau of investigation chemist followed procedure and signed the pump into to swab it for DNA evidence. McAllden I did a fancy request. The judge also refused the defense motion of testimony from a courtroom reporter who said she discovered a different penis pump out of the judge's bench in 2001. Brewster said there was no evidence to link to Pompter was client, but high counted that testimony would help show this defendant committed the same crime over and over and over and over again. There's that over and over thing. The court took other issues raised by Thompson's team under advisement including testimony for woman who prosecuted a set of a sexual relationship with Thompson and the admission of 180 hours of courtroom takes this in contained the washing sound of the penis pump in use. No. The washing sound. Do we have a washing sound? I'll follow. I got that. Oh, you even I did it. How about that? I mean, that's more like a washing sound of me. Brewster said he hadn't received the tapes until Friday and no time to have an expert evaluate them or verify certain enhanced portions provided by prosecutors. If the jury's going to listen to these, they're going to need to listen to 180 hours he also told the judge. The trial is expected to begin Monday when attorneys begin questioning a 250 member jury pull the trial's expected last one at two weeks. Two days hearing's offered a glimpse at the Lure Detail's jurist's hearing's expected considering even see if the judge decides that prosecutors can't met a photo they say will be used by a witness to identify Thompson's penis. Brewster had sought that much of two days motion see of arguing that they contain anecdotal remarks from hundreds of people with literally crazy things to say. He said media coverage of the hearing contains potential jurors. McCall refused citing the public rights and no one in the media's rights report. He allowed Brewster and hide who agree on some of the contested claims he for they were arguing in the courtroom. Brewster said some of the states have it is would never be raised in a routine court. He said he also made it clear that the former judge would not receive any special treatment. If convicted Thompson would face up to 10 years in prison and a 20,000 dollar final each charge would have the register as a sexist and the final police. How do you like that? It's just like those guys with a kills man always be very suspicious of what they got under those kills and what the judge got under his robes. Just kind of like them, it really is not still, you know, that where those dresses sort of kind of like the swish guard. 933 we got a shot. This new Roger is a 516. Day and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Roger of the movie. This is their rather on special assignment for CBS News. I now have a major announcement to make. I have decided to change my name from Ben Ruther to D-Rath. I thought the entire Dan Ruther name was getting in the way between the Matheians. I've also cut my hair to a point from the front and died the tip screen. So I might appeal to the unhipsed of I've also traded in my Lincoln town car and got myself a new whip with your slain for car. My new ride is a Cadillac Esco and I've picked my ride. I've got the spinning rim. I've got the bags hanging from the mirror. And of course I've got a kick ass sound system where I can play or two pots. Of course I've got a plasma screen in the back seat. So I can kick it with my homies and play video games. I've redecorated my house or my crib. It's fat. And when I say fat, it's still pH A2, which is fine for cool hip. Happen it because the red is reinventing themselves. I'm wearing my blade and I'm coming back. We're in baggy crows and taking the whole. This ain't no hollow back there. D-Wat. Special assignment for shitty S-New. How do you get to D-Watwood Lairy last night? I've heard really I'll sample surf to see where he's got on and swatched my snap as his fingers. And squeeze his bag once or twice. And then that's it. But Dan was on my side. He was really good. Dan Ruther, which should leave me in this next story that I'm going to read. You're not going to read more crap, are you? You bet. 9.51. We need 49 votes in 26 minutes. Oh, geez. As less than 2 a minute for Christ's sex, right? We can do that blindfolded with our hand tied. D-Consider. Back to him, right? You think emotional rather blasts a new journalism order? This is good. He was very good last night. All day long. As usual, he has to tiptoe around here. He just wants to say too much. Like Ryan Williams, why agree with you? I watch him every night now. And let me just tell you this. I think that most people would have come and first of all, most people will watch the news. They watch Daily Show. Let me watch if they're under the 80s or 100. Let us all farce that actually are in a habit of watching the nightly news. You get hooked. And you want to watch CBS Watercrank I Dan Ruther, who ran for about 100 years between the two of them. I would never deviate from that. VVS-DV8-No. You don't want to say? Devied. And like now, and once they put the old study that he Okey Dofi on air from the Oki-Fan Oki-Swap. She grew just around her feet. I watched it once and by by. By the way, he's also very kind of sending. I've noticed. He's a Okey Dokey. And he's easiest of noxious. He has nobody's. He has really caused the other will open. I mean, that's our match made in purgatory. The two of them. Me neither want them belongs on ear just to say hello or goodbye. Hopefully goodbye. Terrible. So anyway, I saw that one night and I thought to myself, you people have to be Schmidt and me at CBS. Even though this is an intermediate stop on a away. So then I flipped over. And of course, at that time Peter Jennings was like on a way off to the big talk booth in the sky. And so that left the NBC and Brian Williams. Now I agree. And he's hard to look at. You get you. Like, it's hard to call. I had the yesterday where it said something about pretty boy. Oh man. They must seem. So I know. Good, outflow maln just. But at any rate. But but he doesn't good job and he's easy to listen to. And as long as you don't look at the fact he's got those. 800 little teeth and invited on the lower teeth. And his eyebrows are like a. Cock-eyed. And the fact that his face is not symmetrical. Other than that. And he also has that. The thing that the weather guy has got, which I can't think of his name right now because I have Alzheimer's. What thing is that? from CNN and the weather guard that I'm so out. Rob, what ever is name is? Marcie Alten. Very good. Rocky Marcie, I'm more like Rocky Marcie. How about Rocky Rossiano? It used to be that Rocky Rossiano, he's baby, hundred and twenty-fifth and risk game man, I was good. But anyway, he has that same like he put his head in the vice and kind of like squished up a little bit. You know what I mean? Like like Tim? Right. Pimple hit. Anyway, former CBS News anchor Dan Rather said Monday that there's a climate of fear running through news. Rumbestrawer than he's ever seen in more than his four-decade career. Rather famously tangled with President Nixon and his age during the Watergate years while Rather was a hard charging White House correspondent, addressing the fortemuniversity school of law and Manhattan, occasionally forcing back tears. He said that the intervening years, publicism of every persuasion had gotten better with applying pressure on the conglomerates that own broadcast networks. He called it a new journalism order when he said, he said, this pressure along with the dumbed, down, started up coverage. The advent of 24-hour cable competition and the chase for ridding send them a graphics has taken its toll on the news business. All of the streets have bigger atmosphere of fear in the newsrooms you said. Rather was accompanied by HBO documentary in Family President Sheila Neven, both of whom were due to receive lifetime achievement awards that the news and documentary Emmy Awards Monday night and they did. Neven said that even in the documentary world, there's a certain kind of intimidation brought to bear these days, especially for me, religious rights. If you made a movie about evolutionary biology, Charles Darwin would be revolutionary, if we did a documentary on Darwin, I'd get a thousand hate email. Neven asked rather if he felt the same type of repressive forces in the Nixon administration as in the current Bush administration, no I do not rather said. That's not to say they weren't forces trying to remove him from the White House beat while reporting on Watergate. The rather said he felt supported by everybody above him from Washington, bureau chief Bill Small to the news president, Dick Salant and CBS Chief William S. Paley. There was a connection between the leadership and the sense of awareness together, rather said it's not that the leadership of CBS was interested in sure of a radio and profits, but they also saw news as a public service. Rather said he knew very little of the intense pressure movement in the early 70s because of his bosses support. Neven took up the cross for rather who was emotional several times during the event. When a man is toasted to tears discussing his work and his looks, where he deserves bosses who punch back, I feel I would punch back for Jan, and then said, rather praised the coverage of hurricane Katrina by the new generation of TV journalists and ignores that he would have liked to have reported from the Gulf Coast. Covering hurricanes is something I know something about. He said, it's been one of television's finest news moments. He said that the Katrina coverage, he likened the coverage of President Kenny's assassination in 63. They were willing to speak true to the power. Rather said the coverage, of course, I didn't lie to you all. Rather side steps, the question, what should happen to the evening news and the expected makeover? Not my call, he said, and he said he hadn't been asked either. I gave it everything I had. I didn't hold anything back. I did the best news. Can't we were capable of doing rather said? Nevin's one, almost single handedly is kept the RV independent documentary on television. Said the HBO documentary sure real life and do with it as little damage of the subjects as possible. She said the producers and directors respect mostly the people on the other side of the camera. Nevin said she didn't shy away from such arreighted topics as g stringed divas and taxi camp confessions, but no to the sex and passive and toughest of literature since Chaucer's Day, the most arreighted is a body bag, not a naked body. Not an American, though, today's not what's going around. As we've had a bloodless coup, take it over by the fanaticle right way, and to the limit, by crazy people. And there's a lot of them, by the way. This decision for these individuals to get say she's the care of fellow sons and she's all of these people. Now, there are no longer news readers, now their commentators, now they've got an opinion, now they're sucking up to the bush, myster, and now they're all goose stepping. This is Neil Roger, what solid this is by 16, 16, 16, 16. You saw it, honey, go to college. Now, watching go back even further. It's Tommy Lee goes to kindergarten. Okay kids, now we're going to finger game. How am I doing, Jage? It's fine Tommy, dear, but it's not nice to use that finger. Some kids are the teachers, but Tommy Lee just wants to have that teacher. That time kids. They teach. Come, that time we say you and we've bumped together. I'm afraid that wouldn't be appropriate for the Tommy. Oh yeah. Make that big, Tommy. And then see me. Everything, Tommy, Lee needs to know he'll learn in kindergarten. Tommy, do you know your ABC? Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, there's a hepatitis B, and then the one that's been having Tommy Lee goes to kindergarten just where he belongs. Only on NBC. Yeah, well being Canadian, she's got that hepatitis A. 972 votes, we need 28 in the 15 minutes. That would be like picking your nose, you know what would be. Piece of cake. Again, those 28 votes in 18 minutes. Should be. Don't bring us right to the age there and let us go down. That would be really bad. Speak of that. Pop, Benedict XVI, you're Nazi Pope. You know, something's make a real fast comeback. Never again. Yeah, right. Simon Vesenthal's already rolling over in his grave and he just croaked. Pop Benedict XVI is sitting with a pro-dedocument saying that homosexual men should not be ordained as Roman Catholic priest and conservative Catholic website before the yesterday, which I say, a rationalent choice. Okay, that means that close the doors to the long anticipated document prepared to request a delayed Pope John Paul the tooth. Reportedly calls on bishops to bar even chased homosexuals from seminaries. They've been chased out because the orientation is rooted in the personality of the sort that made undermined their capacity to minister according to the Catholic world news. The report posted yesterday on cwnews.com and independent new service with links to the post-American publisher could not be independently corroborated, but several Vatican sources confirm that such a document has been seen on his desk the way he has the sitin. I wonder what he's going to do for a sign that or drink that cup of tea that's sitting right next to it? If this is true what's a disastrous hit a gay priest who I cannot be named and many celebrate gay priest who feel they couldn't live with any integrity and a church that treats gay men like this and I know that many gay seminarians have been living a settlement lives with ease. We simply would leave. Since the recent priest's text abuse scandal, the issue of gay priest has gone from taboo to one of the most popular debate that aspects of the crisis, noting that the overwhelming majority of victims routine age boys, powerful members of the Roman Catholic hierarchy are framed a problem as homosexual priests unable to live in the church. The Bible says that the church is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that of the church that is a church that is 45 degrees and 0.5 Celsius that is a church that it is a church that is a church that it is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church didn't exist a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that of the church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church in a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a church that is a healthy church that was a Jewish that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church thinks that is a healthy church that is a healthy church that is a healthy church because上 And and and and and overseas the coffee outlet pulled the cups earlier this month in the campus store after consulting with Starbucks district office and Baylor's dining service school officials said Monday I think that we're trying to be sensitive Baylor's folks from Larry Brumley said obviously Baylor is a Baptist affiliate institution and Baptist as a nomination been pretty outspoken on the record about the denomination views about the homosexual lifestyle and agenda the quote from have a list armistice of mull pan reads my only regret about being gay is that I repressed it for so long I surrendered my youth to the people I feared when I could have been out there loving someone don't make that mistake yourself life to damn short to which I say that's with a comma Canadian ethnic Canadians kicking it Canadian saw can't hand in prison the board of directors for the game has been lives of central Texas any thanks to the country move was unnecessarily restricted being the master of understanding that he is how do you like that no more gay priests baby no more cat lecture no more donations in the plate every Sunday no more those schmottes those fancy schmottes to put on huh they how they're gonna get to heaven oh my I'm gonna have a few cross and we're having a field guilty about certain things how are we doing on our nine eighty seven man nine eighty seven it's almost like being in heaven this is Neil Roger now God this is five sixty two eight this is WQAM where they're very bill come all and they don't come any better than Todd Keller oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh did I thank you please be seated I want to remind people that who might be listening then this administration is a group of frustrated and desperate people who kill innocent life and Americans ought to view it as such and now be glad to take some of your questions Terry wants to start thank you mr. president as you know New Orleans is destroyed thousands are dead and countless families are now homeless five light to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem oh we don't have a problem less ignore it sir might I remind you that you have a responsibility as the commander and chief to step up and act on the people's behalf okay here's what I intend to do about it thank you sir thank you sir if you're worried that your poor handling of hurricane Katrina will lead to your downfall in Washington DC oh we're about anything here in Washington DC I mean I feel you're comfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life and I have made my position very clear on that issue David thank you mr. President thousands of struggles remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by a raw sewage and without food what is your administration proposing they beat duty listen thank you all for coming out enjoy it's hard work it's hard work it's hard work We tried to re-get all of these with everything going wrong. And here's what any of us would do. He went on vacation. Hey! Boss, let us want to go! But we have a lot more work to do. Now, we're back to work. All we're in all of you really. 10-0 time all. I only get two weeks of vacation a year. I'm at the same separate association. And I'm going to go over you really long. The time we got three weeks of vacation. Oh! I never thought back then we're working together. If you don't work, you're just... You can't have any vacations. I'll come to all of you vacations if you do. No one is fooling around. I gotta get back to work. Amen. Want to be semi-got grand-pom-o from New York coming back to work today? How do you like that? Maybe not coming back. But doing a show from New York. And if we got the Amad Dog at four Marlon's baseball, I'd say the last time. We've been a... A... A precipitous situation, you know. In other words, it was a lousy loss. What I'm trying to say. Yeah, really what? Shouldn't have been doing that. Loosen up a girl seemed like the man's... What was it? Three, two, I think? Yes. Not good. No, no matter what the score we're not good. But Ella, I have a shot. Worst TV actor after several we got our 1000 votes. Thank you for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for. What's the big deal? Why do you keep like it? Because we feel like it. Because it's like, you know, like, a little bit of a challenge, right? Right. Not a big deal. I'm not going to lose this any money while we're doing it. I'm not going to change my life. Certainly, I'm not going to change either one of your lives. And maybe if Josh Washington never getting might like a better this time. It's a big... Maybe... Maybe they can even send it to one of those, uh, Joyce and Utah. And they can take out the, uh, certainly the sex part. And they can take out all the, uh, ponders parts. And of course, an app will be then have to take out all language part. So like I said, don't watch it. The worst TV actor, actress ever is her was. Donald Trump won a way. He ain't so great. And, uh, that's for sure. Chuck Norris 92, Tony Danes is 71. Tori Spelling 68. Are you seeing the daughter of Erin Spelling? She is. And that's why she's there. I see. Now, what we want to show is Erin Spelling. And he was a great, uh, Maven. Nighttime soap opera ones, but I forget which ones. We saw I got no two one. Which is one that he made for her. A vehicle for her. A vehicle? Yeah. Maybe you ought to get her a candy rack. Five seconds, 51. Mr. T. 45. David Caruso 42 with the orange hair. Rose An 39. Can't remember. He's just as soon Gucci, Gucci 31. Paul Colen 20. Ray Romano 27. Everybody hates Ray. Will Smith, 27. JJ Walker, 25. David's Hasselhof, 23. Victoria Voddy and friend, Richard, 22, I see a lot of similarities in kind of a Jewish attack in the thing. What I never did get to the story about the guy he did I still it. Well, let me find the real quick. I have to say a lot. They probably know about this already. I can't find it. Oh, G. Are you back at the last thing you get here this? A huge mob was John a junior gotty when 60 left organized parameters ago. The only wanted to be typical suburban dad may soon get his wish after a victory in court. Gotty could soon be freed after being acquitted yesterday. And that's the secretaries for our church having a misproud occurred on three more serious counts including a boxed and bloody kidnapping. Procured to suggest it would seek to retry the son of Leimos, my boss John gotty and defense attorney Zassity released on bail. The judge said he was likely to grant the request to coming days. And during a ploss from gotty support us, I would be surprised if he winds up on that show. Let's hear it. The whole gotty family, the guy got some his fucker wouldn't be great. It'd be something. The gotty clan. Where did I leave off? Friend Richard 22 Bill Shender 20. Kelly Riff and Iteen Erica Strodis 17. Eric you're fairie. Jerry Seinfeld 16. David Schwimmer 14. Dons Johnson 12. Procured to be released. 11 Lorenzo Lommis. I think that is a personal shot Lorenzo 10. Angelito White 10. Mario Lopez the alleged rapist. And after that small business. Single business. The grand prom mode coming up next. Bye bye.