How were David's show coming up at two o'clock? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Did Joe's a gacky show is for? No, no, no, no, no. Feeling in for Jim Manich? Then more, it has a 7. No, no, no, no, no, no. The mile is in the angels. The mile is in the angels at 10. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll be back with you tomorrow morning of the McAestoo because I'll have been country-clawed at 9. Is that the Los Angeles angels are right in the home? That would be the official name, yes. Oh, what a joke. It's kind of stupid, isn't it? That's pathetic. I thought you should have bought the ducks by the way. You got that kind of cash? Yeah, right. If I want to buy ducks, I go left for Lake Ontario and I can't afford it. Hey, Howard, Howard let the guy go and you made it into a promo. That was great. That's impressive. Excellent. See, he's making some small strides. What a small step for man-trying. You know what I always say, you got a left for yourself, right? I don't find that he let us hear it on a little bit. You know, I see you know, I see you know, I see you know, I see you know. Don't don't don't don't. Yeah, absolutely. Won't you owe your show today? Yeah, I sure will because this is a banner day for me. Why is that? Why is that? Yeah. This is the end of the road for a while. Oh, this is it. Vacation next week and then after that it's the summer schedule for three months. So now give us the summer schedule. People do ask a lot like what's going on in the summer. Even 27 starting week from Monday. It's George Monday Wednesday and Friday. And I'll make a little cameo Tuesday and Thursday I'll be here. So what do you do with all your time when you're like, what are you doing your spare time? Well, I don't know. This is the first year in the summer time that I've been able to, you know, I got the wood buying thing. I'll go out there and lose my ass. You can really go and and bet the jug heads that often. No, I'm talking about this slot. Oh, the slot machine cut like a big money guy like you playing slot machine. That's you. Isn't that boring for you? Boring. Yes, slot machine. It's important to play in the poker or old made. No, I'm a roulette fan myself. Well, okay. Sorry. You know, you don't have to think too much. Yeah, well, you don't think it on the slots. I think his boy. This is really for the birds, but it's okay. That's good time. Don't eat back some streets. Don't eat back some of your money. That's right. The dangerous streets of Toronto. All right. Well, you know, the schedule and the new Rogers show is next. Have a nice day. No, no, schedule all right. It's a pretty interesting today. Why is that? But that's just, I don't know. I feel like me and more were the only the only ones in our regular slot today. Well, you feel like that because that's true. Me and my buddy Mo. We got the beat team. You guys need to bond. You're the only regular. That's what we'll do our best. All right. You guys, you got to fight it. You want to invite. You have to get a powered up for a couple of days. And it's going to end already when we get the announcement on the hockey season. Get really burden on this. They're not even writing articles in the paper about it anymore. Well, you know why is it meeting in today? It's such a boring stage from what I'm sure you've got it this. That as they go along, they're having the attorneys analyze it. Yeah. So, you know, what these guys are probably doing is they're looking for every loophole. Well, that's nice. But let's get Joyce involved in. That's it. Well, like you. I am attorney. She's going to get involved in each other. Labor. Labor for her. She's going to be doing it. July one the announcement. That's what I'm going with. July first. Is that what you heard? You know, all kinds of rumors out there. Yeah. Around July first. Well, we will be a season. That's great. Panthers leaves. So, I'm going to kick their butt. And by the way, Norma, we're not reimbursing you for last season. There wasn't any. I'll tell that story. That's an amazing story. You still get your tickets. By the way, under the same of the no comment. Well, there wasn't any season. So, I've already been taking care of for this season from last year's season. Wait, so what is what is norm one that there was no season? I don't want to talk about it on my phone. I don't want to. You don't want to know. It will ruin your whole weekend. I like norm. Norma's a good guy. Well, good. I'll handle over to you. Norma's a big fan of mine. Walk off it in the sunset. You guys handed hand in these all you're going to say. Fine. I'll take them. Okay. Make me a few bucks. I'll take them. You got them. All right. Have a good day. You too. New Rogers is next. I can't even spot them. I can't believe a language I hear all key rings. Every home of word is a lesson of tears. It appears to be that cable was a whole lot of words. But now the networks left there and just carry them. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I just want to be a single one. Up and up. You're ready to carry them. You know we need a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. I don't want to be a single one. Just carry them. Yeah. Yic. Now you'll make all my life of hell. Here, catch them. Bye. You don't want to be a single. Now I'll know that they don't want to be a single, I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on five, six, the QA. Well, the reason I've played that today's Mark Morgan's last day, I found out on a QA and doing the weather and the whatever it is he does. Try doing all that spastic. Yeah, the weather and traffic, weather together, whatever. Anyway, good luck to you, Mark. We love you. We miss you when we'll keep your memory alive. Now that we got all those nice little drop-ins, boat of them. We have a little technical problem here. A little bit. By the way, that's not the only one who didn't want to bore you with our own problems over here on this end. What's that? Somehow the board over there in the Josh studio, we got reconfigured in such a way that he can only hear you from the audio that's leading into that studio from this studio. I see. I just, you, I mean audio periods. Well, so you know something, so it would seem to me that if that's the case, probably there's like a connection between us who has been somebody in there, did it all in again? Grimmlins, maybe. Yeah, Grimmlins have been dealing again and there, so that's why my phones I can't punch the phone. But have no fear because in it we get a lot of great calls today, be my last day for a little bit. But, oh yeah, we will. George can punch him up and then cut him off real quick. But at any rate, so we got that problem too. Well, Josh, that'll give him a good excuse to like watch TV or something. Well, I can hear you now. Oh, the pin? Yeah. Okay. It comes with a two-day plan. All right, let's have a quick start. That's good. Let's start. Okay, that's good. Always like bang on there. Like when I had that little problem here a few months ago, but I want pieces of equipment going out. We're talking about that before. Bam, bam, that was good trouble. And maybe if I just bang on the computer there on the monitor. Maybe that's one thing will come back. But I doubt. And anyway, who cares? Okay, we got a lot of stuff to do. Heavy duty, uh, overall is on our beaded curtain today. We got four pictures of her. She's, uh, It's not overall a vein. If it was overall a vein, we get 80 million hits on there today. But the word was a red like white hair. Wild fire, Josh wouldn't be too happy about it because he answered like poison. It's not because it looks because of her music. Pretty much. I see. Well, so in other words, uh, if he did or he, she just wouldn't have to sing. Oh, yeah, sure. That would be okay. Okay. And we'll let's say not jump into that real quick. Well, first of all, here's more of that bad news from Iraq. Let's get out of the way. Let's go out with that real happy day today. What do you say, huh? No. Norma Kent, you're an idiot man. You are just, and I admit right here on the year, I broke my ice cream through yesterday. I went off the wagon. There was absolutely no reason for that call. But they'd be from going to go, this is the day of waiting for for nine months. Get this shot away and I got like freedom. Three months are almost nonstop freedom. And here's the call from Norma Kent. But it would prevent them what it really boils down to is he's trying to scan, be easily broadcast, do you think they get paid for hockey games that won't play that season Norma? I mean, the value of last season's tickets is zero because there were no games. There were no tickets. There were there is no value there. And he's, so he's creating a series of, well, I wouldn't say hostility toward me. But obviously, they're probably not really happy. My good friend Joyce and whoever else in the county over at the West Coast. They're probably PO think and I had some to do with that. I had not to do with that, like Larry King would say, okay, it's Norma Kent. Norma, cut the crap. Stop trying to create problems with it. That's his expertise. He does that better than anything else he does is creating problems where we didn't have any. And many university creating hatred, creating whatever, all of these things. So if Gildi wants Norma man, he's all yours. Just march off into sunset. You're fair. Have a great life together. U.S. troops and Iraqi policemen killed bombing and shooting a trans West to Baghdad killed six U.S. troops in the suicide car bomber, slammed into a truck carrying Iraqi policemen near the airport yesterday killing at least eight. And we're holding 25 in the latest wave of violence. It goes on and on and on. And those of you that were like all with a few top show groupies out there. They're all with them about, you know, yeah, I give credit for doing something. At least trying John Coniors in those 500,000 signatures and that little protest they had yesterday afternoon. And Bush and his crony say, oh, wait up here. So, old news, didn't they're done that? I mean, like that. So, yeah, see, it's really very sad. I know these people are frustrated. They would like to see something happen. Remember that COVID got yesterday. I already discussed it right the beginning of the show and I'd be, but I'll be, but I'll be some old towed. What's your favorite form again? Like we asked this today, 1577 votes. We also sneak in an intermediate poll under in between which we'll get to. I don't gamble. She had been 39. Just over 21%. See how that number went down? Yeah, yeah. Cause during the show, probably a lot of people were like out at the casino or the track or just plugs in her guts out. Maybe they're doing some online gaming. I don't gamble 339. Blackjack 198. That's no matter what or oh no. Poker 151 and maybe if you pay poker well enough, I'll put you ass on TV. How do you like that? $1228. $0.00. $0.00. $0.00. $0.00.00. Josh, you know what? Even edging out the lottery, 126 sports betting, 100. Horses 82 or as Geldie was handed junk heads. Well, what's that? I know the little brown jug. Well, what's the jug heads? I don't know. And he's a good one to talk. Cause from what I hear he goes out there and plunges his guts out of the track. That's the room where I'm hearing. How can a squeaky voice? And does he have two kids now? I guess. I think so. Or did I just make that up? I'm not keeping track personally. Anyway, he's got at least one kid. I think two. And anyway, he's got a wife and a family to support. He's out there plunging his guts out of the track. And just barely has a kind of a marginal part-time job right now. Crap 60, top fighting 58, highly a man really sounded in nicely. Thank you so much. Highly 56, roulette 53, the stock market 39, right ahead of Russian roulette 33, which quite frankly, I think, Russian roulette would be a lot more fun than playing the market. Real estate 28. They're all waiting for that big bubble of burst. I don't think it's going to happen in South Florida. Well, not that I know anything, but I just don't think that's going to happen. Video poker 27, golf 22. And then a stock market's on here again. So it's got 19 more. So in total of 58, that's great. Dog racing 18, now let's see. Highly had one, 56, dog racing only 18. Wow. That's not too bad. Online gaming 6, bridge head for Baccharat III and Bingo Solmente does 2 for Bingo. Wow. The Bingo crowd didn't listen to this show, but the old ladies played Bingo as an accuracy. You're confused between the slom machine players and the Bingo players. I want to say old ladies who play Bingo. That's because they don't have any slots nearby. And I'll be honest with you. I mean, there are some old ladies obviously out there at the, I'd look by him, but the percentage of old ladies playing the slom out there, I would say is relatively maybe 15, 20%. 80% something other than that. Young ladies, middle age ladies, young guys, middle age guys. And a few old guys too. But all kinds of people, every demographic, every color shape and size, they're all out there losing their ass having a great time. Look at that phone. It's nice and quiet. I said good. I mean, something we're going to happen on that or is that just, you're, you're guessing that you know, they're doing what is well. I'll tell you what the fact that stuff is handling it, that gives me a little more confidence. I mean, if you told me fix it was involved with this, then I would say, well, no, good luck on Monday, you know. In fact, maybe I'll just say good luck on Monday. Just to get out of here now, I could be able to find by what, what, what? Yeah. What? I could be after losing right now getting it started on the weekend. Probably it's at 10.13 already. Man, the time is flying along. This is great. This is so much better than I anticipated, you know what? It is just zooming along. But look at those bad, those bad ratings for El President and they're dropping like a rock. I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M. I want to survey some. Sorry, homey for there is no more beer in the refrigerator. Don't forget to be a refrigerator. I can't buy a dollar a cow, man. But why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa? Because I mean, I can finally have a call on you. Lisa, honey, we can't afford a call on you. Lisa, honey, we can afford a call on you. How bad, a little junkie. You know, it's more, more, more, more. Don't you know, it's called a barito. Mmm, barito. Now let me ask you a question. Isn't Borrow isn't that butter in Spanish or that? It's donkey. I don't know how it's been. I don't know how it's been. Okay. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's an intermediate pool in there this morning. They're still working on it in a phone. By the way, I don't really care while we're there. Yeah, well. I guess it's more fun to have you punch up the phones. Because we will begin tons of tons of suggestions for today's pool. Oh, I'm sure. Because it's a really positive one. Here's what right here, Jerry Springer. Somebody that used to hate that they like a lot right now. Look at that in a minute. Jerry Springer, you got it? Hey, guys. How come the analyst didn't use radio show? We oughta promote that. He's not doing too well on the radio. Kind of like Bill Orr Riley. They like him on TV, but he's got like 0.0 on the radio. And has had since day one. In fact, who was Santa me the other day, they didn't even know he was on the You're in our market. Somebody said that. Somebody. 177 votes on our sneak in the middle of pool there. What's your take on the summer tentative schedule on QAM? Which starts a week from Monday. Next week, George, to be on a week. Then the weekend after that, we start at a nice summer schedule. It's nice for me. George Monday wins the infradio or truly Tuesday and Thursday. Let's see. It's okay. I'll listen regardless. 64. See those are the people we like. Whatever their loyal. They listen. They don't have any complaints. They take George 63. They hate you there. Although look at on the other folder. See you're coming up nice. You and go on the other. I'm not. I'm about that. Love it. Get to hear lots of George and some Neil. 31. See a little something of this under that to keep you going through the summertime to this boring dog days. I'm gone. See you in September 15. That's bad. Would rather have Neil take all summer off that was my vote. Answer the others as well. Four people said that. See they love you. They hate me like poison. Four of them. Yeah. What? Look, I give money alternatives. There are at least three other people out there. I hope because I hate myself. I just thought, well, I would be nice. That was the original deal. Until then this 911 crap happened. That was bad all the way around. Now here's the pool right now. Someone you used to hate, but like a lot now. We've done a reverse. Someone you used to like. And now you hate him like poison. Right? We've done that. Yes we have. But let's do something positive and pleasant here. What are you saying? No. Some of you used to hate. But now you're like a 67 votes here. Not overwhelming. Bill Clinton and George Rodriguez tied 14 of peace. Nice college George. That really is. So could I be black? By the time I think of Bill Clinton, I think he would have same breath. Always. And the other way around. Yeah, we have a lot of kind of this. More Howard David and you're as truly. You see that? Or a team. Maybe eight of peace. And you see how I've endured him to the audience now. He used to get all been out of shape about it. Now he realizes that because of the fact that poker Brian's made that great character. Absolutely. And no end. Is that? Absolutely. I'm not really sure if that's him or not. That is. That is. Wow. That is. And we are one is like. That's the point. Scott, the point. In fact, Moses moved ahead of everybody and not everybody. Clinton 16, George 15, Mo 11, guilty nine, me nine. Oh, it's me and guilty now. Me and squeaky Howard Stern six time Jones four. I didn't vote for Tom Jones. But I mean, in fact, yes, I did. That's why I played that F bond there to be me. Really? Well, Tom Jones was younger. You know, what is swinging the hips and pretending to be a sex spot. Whatever sex spot. I hated him. He was just horrible right on. But now he's no, like me and old, tired. And there's like, huh? He's got a sense of humor about it. He's good. I like Tom Jones. He's got four. I think I'll cue some up today. All those old toads got us together. Jerry Springer three, hungry vogue are three and keep old from him too. I miss NBC. Nobody watches a show. And I used to hate him like poisoning. I'll be honest with us since I thought I was a good little guy. And he actually tells the truth on. I saw lots of little bit here and there and now I'm in. I'm going to be caught watching it. What? How many opposites did I used to like him when he was on sports center? And I haven't seen you show since. I just, I don't like his phony melodramatic stuff. I'm just like the thing with John Miller, all the old women weigh over the top of that. Throwing the papers, you know. But again, it's show business man. It's stick. They all got to do their stick, you know? They were not doing their stick on the phone too. This is really taken much longer than ever has before. Usually, they just got to get ahold of the phone coming in through a switch and being near all my dots, right? Right? You know what? This is waiting for me to say. What's that? But I don't know what it does. So what are they doing? They're doing whatever it is that they do. Okay. Well, it's Friday. Jim Sarny has nothing to say today. There's nothing unusual about that. Hey, Jim, you tub of crap man, you woofo towed. He is just boring. Now, very jackass. He must have had a bad as a still sandwich in his bag this week because he wrote some real crap. Wait till we get to the stuff about rich walls. Very useful in anybody man. You've got to be kidding me. Wow. See, one thing about very jackass. He talks to somebody. Then he'll just kiss their ass. Whatever he writes in the comments, you know, all over the place. First he writes, though former Marlon's radio announcer, Boob Shambhi, who we like a lot, as emerges as a front runner for the Dolphin Play by Play Job on 790 The Ticket. Shambhi would juggle a position with his daily 790 Talk show, Andy S. P. and Facebook Assignments. The Dolphin's have interest in Joe Rose and Jimmy Siffle is for the English job. The team will need to do a convincing sales job on Rose as expressed reluctance to add to his heavy workload on 790 and NBC 6. And then a very right strong man is the decision to move to NBC for Sunday night games in 2006 gives the SPN's Joe Filesman a former choir better chance of shifting to the SPN's Monday night package in 2006 though that's far from guaranteed. ESPN had been pursuing Madden for M&F and there's a good chance Al Michael's will join this partner Madden in NBC's booth in 2006 but if that doesn't happen NBC's raised a possibility of little obnoxious Bob Costas doing to play by play more likely he'll be the studio host. We've opened play not play by play. Not Bob Costas please. Then, here we get to the part where Barry just goes off the attracts he just loses it. New violence TV announcer Rich Waltz has been dealing with health issues the past 7-5 weeks. Waltz contracted a viral infection during the Marlins road trip to Colorado and laid April and his head difficulty shaking it. It's painful to talk he said a doctor told me, go talk to anybody and sit you on the air. I spent a lot of time just listening to people do interviews. I'm ready careful trying to save my voice and energy to get through the game. Despite the health set back which forced him to miss two games in late May, Waltz's raises performance in recent weeks. Because Barry Jackass Barry, you are a crazy person man. You need to put in a rubber room. You need to put in a straight jacket. Well, I may not straight. You're fairie. It says he's become more concise and delivered some clever lines. Wow. Waltz conceived it he probably spoke excessively during the first three weeks of the telecast. Spoken excessively didn't say anything. He still doesn't. I'm really happy with where we are instead of his F.S.N. and past 35 broadcasts with Tommy Hutton. It took me about three weeks before I got a good understanding of how much to talk. When to get emotional I've tried to say more with less said rich Waltz. He is pathetic. He is anxious man. He's awful. But Barry, now it's starting to like, in fact, maybe Barry like to put him on the pole. Let's put him on the pole. Somebody used to hate me like a lot right now. Rich Waltz. So very convoked. Because I hear a few of Barry's got his little Sony Walkman right around his rear right now. And he's listening even though he would deny it because it's not a sports show. And the show actually doesn't exist in his world in print anyway, right? Right. Now the sports show. So when the ratings come out and we kick ass, it's just not reportable because it's not a sports show. I've 68. Um. Guys see how shiny this guys is. He's here outside. This guy wheying. He come near. Oh, mother is so cute. So sweet. Even the LCK involals it. Now beat me up. Everybody punks. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Janet, no, no, no, And I just said, Josh, is there anybody calling it? What do you think for the pool or what do you do with their calling into the pool? I mean, I'm assuming what are you going to, you think your calling is just to talk to us? No, they're going to call in the past. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, the call is not a job. That's a whole different category. And we certainly wouldn't want them to miss an opportunity to give me a little shot here to last day before I have my nice vacation. Yeah, we got lines. We got lines, right? Well, that's a punch one up there. See what happens. QA, George. Caller. Why are you going to be on the air, man? Next Monday, QA, air. Well, what was that? What? Hello, kind of her off. Tim, I kind of wrote, it was a him. Oh, let me just say this. You're fair. OK, go ahead. Well, look at Lee and me. Yeah, sir. Am I on? Yes, it sounds like you. I like to put Bill Mar on your pool. OK, there's a good one. I don't like it myself. But there are a lot of people taking him to him. They're like what he has to say. You know, what did I ever do to you? Oh, I see. Ow. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. That went in a long time. See, we don't want to deprive them. This is their last chance for a while. Sure. Well, at least till a week and two, they're not like I'm going somewhere. 560, 560, pound 560, Nick, for rising. That was a guy that called before. Oh, that's my guess. OK. Yeah, that was a lady. Well, what did you say, Doug? I like a messed up dude to me. Yeah. OK, like I said, you're fair lady. There's different kinds of ladies. 560, pound 560, and the variety in singing a wireless line. Let's get thousands of calls on today. QAM. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. You left? Right here. Hey, how you doing Neil? Good. I don't know if I don't hit every minute of every show. That's when you had that one about businesses that are out of business. Right. You're mac and bollies still exist. Yeah, I know that. Well, they went out for a while. Another back in, is it Boca? Yeah, Boca out on 441. Well, that's a good news. Good ice cream. Yeah. And the other one is pretty rare. What is it? Freddy's anchor bar. They moved? Yeah, they're now in, um, uh, Southwest, 4,000 or the cross and the cemetery. Just north to stay, bro, 84. Right. It's really good. It's really good. You have sir. I don't know if it's a cure. If you go in and drink to my day. Yes, there you go. Thank you. What's that process, street? Good timing. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Yeah, that was on the air. I already talked about that. All right. Well, this is bad. Now he really wants to rub it in. It drops most of a lot of dope to you. That must be it. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I talk about clothing. But other people's misery. A lot of people are blowing. Norma can't call yesterday. I mean, we need to press showing his ass on the phone. Norma, you just destroyed my whole day. I, you're not my favorite. What did I look like on the phone? And I went across the street. I got me a pint of banana on hog and us. And I just scoff that thing down like, uh, I like it was about an ounce and a half. Man. So I didn't have to tell you about it. I could align. I could never talk to that and Josh is in. See, I told you a week. We can't wait. We can't wait. Yeah. Hope you're enjoying that flavor wave. Deluxe that I sent you. Oh, we're great. We used to get lost that by the way. And I mean, we, I mean, the wife. Yeah, we made some chicken breasts and it was great. Well, I actually didn't tell the story on the air about my own The hostings did I, I think I mentioned that. I don't mind about you. Oh, boy. How they delivered it to wrong place. And I had a night duty tech to work and go find all the stakes. And I got them. But I got them. That was two days ago. Uh, and, uh, man, I made a rib-like steak yesterday for dinner. That was the most juicy delicious dinner. And of course, I got the car. What is it? Not car Absolutelyens car, but something. Car options. That's takes a loss. And man, it is so good. In fact, you Schmerl a little bit that on each side. Why you're cooking it in the flavor wave. Mm-hmm. And boy, that is just sensational tender and juicy and great. But anyway, enjoy your Josh even in spite of the fact you want to be a real bastard. That's okay. So, well, you're enjoying the fact that I, the guy screaming and taking maybe to pull me over the edge. Of course, it would push me over the edge. I mean, you're going to accept for yourself. Ha ha ha. Yeah. I'm trying to get it. It's a double edge sword. It's a double edge sword. Okay, let's first of all, the most important story of the whole. I got a big pile here today and I got news for you. I'm doing it. I'm doing my piles. Do it. Do the pile. I mean, can't take all. Make sure as a day anybody believe it? No. See, the only reason I say big story today is that's because the media team are the fact that we've been talking about this is enough to make me want to gag. Since they're, you know, they are willing to like go on the outside. Looking in quotes with your fingers big. After Tom Cruise said he and girlfriend Katie Holmes are engaged after he popped a question early this morning of top the I fold tower boys and girls. How about that? Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes. They're, you know, I still believe that Paris news conference with Holmes says, Yes, I propose to her. Anybody believe it? The couple often share its miles and blusses as proof turned to look at her with a massive diamond ring on her fingers. She had a big one. It was early this morning at the I fold tower. So I haven't slept at all, instead today's a magnificent day for me. I'm engaged to a magnificent woman. That's why he chose to film Paris landmark. He said I've never been to the I fold tower. It's Paris is a beautiful city. It's very romantic. Hey Tom. To ferry. Who said no day for wedding has been said. We haven't discussed that. Once that at the time he said, Let's see we're not sure. Cruise 42 was in Paris to promote the French release of Steven Spielberg's film No, the world's nice month. He had 26 year old Holmes when publicly romantic relationship in April. I believe that he would love for Sherlock Holmes. Tom's and that's 50 recordings but at one point, Krueger was for her. Are you okay? Yep. After we're. The two heard into a car before leaving for a political event in Marseille in Southern France. I was in the half of his marriage that anyone's ever had said to be sort of fan in the child actress of Chris Dresden with Cruise in the film. She sat next to Holmes around the news conference. Cruise in the home of the. But all in here we go. Holmes was in the early of this week from what a new film. That man begins piece of turd. She's also this. She's also this. He's a. He's at the couple of stages of a relationship for publicity. The Holmes said then he was embracing Scientology. Cruise is really the former star of TV's Dawson speak grew up with a poster of Cruise on a bedroom wall. And a sexy group lighting from Mary. Look at like a fairy tale romance in it. Like a fairy. You're. Hey, a one. You. And the other story they had this morning is that the sign colleges. Cruise has got one of these. The henchmen from the Scientopholoring around. Yeah. Taylor. Ten jadges. She's like. Go spill beans. We're talking without him being dressed up like that. She's got beans. So there's a big story. That's what I'm hearing. Hey, Tommy, you fool anybody. I mean, they're even talking about an open me on the ear. And I like just a publicity stunt. And they both have a movie coming out. And nobody's buying it. But nevertheless. It's it isn't a. It's a. I mean, I do. I want to just roast out by this desperate attempt to continue proving something. You know, if only could make a clever name out of their two names like a, you know, right. If we could only do that like a. Comforter something like that or just do fair. That'll do 19 to 11. I don't see these dots on here. Yeah, I'm starting to get really very deeply concerned. Aren't you, is a. I'm working on that fever. Yeah, I'm going to floor on the floor. And he's made the call and. Yeah. And that's it. That's it. Well, we can't we get fix it involved in the somehow. Can he stick his finger in the socket or something. And say, we're working. He did pop his head in the studio. Yeah. And that's all. Okay. You. I. You passed. Hey. Hey. I. I. You. Hey. You. I have the same person. You. Are. I. I. Will. So. Oh. There isn't. I. I'm the way, I'm the way The same person we got, hey hey hey parents And I have to say that's hard I'm waiting for you All of my life, I will be your new boy And all of my new boy Same thing come to you, it was in Paris 1046 and 560 WQAM I'm not, I rebooted this thing again by the way And guess what? Still not working huh? No, what happened George's last? Yeah, I think he's taking a do for something Oh no, not a doos Maybe it's just plain little AC doosy Let's just say this push resolution on a rack pull out President Bush would have to start bringing US troops from Iraq by October 1, 2006 Under a measure from a small bi-partisan group of House lawmakers Including a Republican order for the war Proposed yesterday Two Republicans in two Democrats who were reduced to resolution that would require the president to announce by the end of this year A plan for withdrawing troops and steps for following through on that plan Other Democrats quickly sign on the plan A first-sexual resolution put forth by lawmakers from both parties Although an overwhelming number of Democrats in six House Republicans voted in 2000 to again sending troops to Iraq Pentagon spokesman Lawrence Dorita, a real fascist of ever-soul one Said such times have all of our suggesting insurgents would simply wait for you as forces to withdraw before attacking Right And Just reach in back for it American officials lied to British ministers over the use of internationally reviled maypom-type fire bombs in Iraq Had he liked that Yesterday's disclosure led to calls by MPs for a full statement to the comments and open ministers to allegations that they held back the facts until after the general election Despite persistent rumors of injuries among Iraqis consistent with the use of incendiary weapon such as Napalm Adam Ingram The I wonder if he's kidding a danding room the defense minister assured labor MPs in January the US forces did not use the new generation of incendiary weapons codenamed MK 77 in Iraq But Mr. Ingram admitted to the labor MP Harry Cohen in a private letter obtained by the independent newspaper that he inadvertently misled parliament because he'd been misinformed by the US US confirmed my officials they hadn't used any MK 77 in a market anytime and this was the basis of our response to we told Mr. Cohen I regret to say that since discovered this is not the case and must now correct this position He said 30 how many MK 77 fire bombs were used by the first marine expeditionary force in the invasion of Iraq between Mar 31 April 2203 There were used against military targets away from civilian targets yada yada yada yada How do you like that? Napalm baby first look at assume Mother's of American soldiers have killed the killed in president pushes invasion of Iraq during but they constitution lawyer before congress yesterday to demand impeachment of the president for lying to force American to war All right Constitutional or John Bonaface told a congressional hearing sufficient ground exists to impeach the president for lying to Congress about the justification for the war in other words for feeding us a pack of lie You go George. Not you. I already did. Oh, that's what I heard US has representatives as a constitutional duty to investigate fully and comprehensively the evidence revealed by the Downing Street memo and other related evidence And to determine whether there are sufficient grounds to impeach George W Bush the president of the USA Bonaface said A The explosive Downing Street memo name for the Downing Street residence of prime minister Tony Blair shows Bush was determined to proceed war the war in 2002 Eight full months before the war began and trade fast and loose with the intelligence to boost the case before the country and the UN The memo was written by top British intelligence officer in 2002 lead to the British press recently the memo has been widely reported to British press But it's still been largely ignored by mainstream American media. There are two busy tell us that bill hampers leave an on CNN see a bill Hey by the way Bill you're fairy the hearing into implications of the memo which organized by US representative John Coniors with about 20 house Democrats attending No Republicans appeared none zero not a one witnesses included former CIA analyst rema governor Joseph Wilson That by the way how's that prosecution on the outer on the Valerie plain thing coming? No and Joseph Wilson the former US ambassador to several African nations who said the memo offers more proof that Bush took advantage of a nation in Congress traumatized by the nine level attacks The evidence that appears to be building up points to a direction of whether the president deliberately misled Congress said representative Charles Rangle Democrats in New York here go Charlie you go Chuck all were asking is to know the truth said by the face He's co-founder of after-down next week dot org and proponent of a house inquiry Cindy she and mother of a soldier killed an Iraq and thought of the gold star families for peace said Bush is waging a needless senseless war and betraying service Ventecherson Casey was killed in action and bagged in the April of last year I believe before our leaders invaded Iraq in March 2003 and I'm even more convinced now that this aggression of Iraq was based on a life historic Proportions and was blatantly unnecessary Mrs. She and said the so-called downing street memo dated July 23, 2002 only confirms What I was suspected the leadership of this country rushed us into any illegal invasive of his sovereign country I'm prefabricated and cherry picked intelligence why House enforcement scottled to McClone of course This Miss Mister Coniors hearing is a publicity stunt this is simply rehashing all debates that have already been discussed Said White House spokesman Scott McClone, but some on capital Hill believes a memo will be bushes undoing like the monocholowinsky sex scandal I brought impeachment proceedings against Bubba or the Watergate breaking that brought an end of Richard Nixon's presidency It reminds me of the little blurb that appeared in the paper that said it was a breaking into water great I said mother of you as claims US soldier. I believe Nixon called that a second rate verbally and how she doing now He's still dead Nixon. Yeah, I don't see any dots on here by the way. Want to press water to or not? All right, do you want to am? Yeah, sure Don't be sorry Hey two things before you go in vacation. I was watching this movie and I've been watching for a week now It's called what the bleep do we know if you heard that? No, it's about quantum physics and our reality How did you what did you wish to we know? It's called what's the bleep do we know right and it's about quantum physics and how it's how it actually If we look beyond what we look at it actually our reality makes sense other than what they try to tell us Okay, I guess you have to clean it, but you have to I have to see it. Well, where are you watching this? What's it on? I got it from actually just come out about two weeks ago But and they just had a big like a big a forum here of all the physics teachers They actually came here the professor and they actually spoke about the quantum physics and how they how it shapes reality Now we look at everything we get that understanding Yeah, that's why I'm sure I don't get it. Okay. Well, I think thanks a lot I'm two of my mom's scenes still around she didn't really big to find there was a movie about physics. Yeah quantum physics No, yes, it would have been quantum leap for her in fact. She could have done what you just did maybe I doubt it though five six seven Oh five sixty maybe once pound five six to leave a rising and singular that's all she wanted just once Q a M hello Hello Yeah, I'll come I should let the other one out Yes Two things one three of both Yeah, Chris rock you didn't like Chris rock how could anybody not like Chris rock well first I didn't but then I saw a stand up never can I love them now okay and a shot there is I'm gonna miss you over the summer man. Yeah, and I love you show them okay. Thanks. See you I mean I could lie and say I'm gonna miss everybody. Yeah, I won't I'm gonna miss this so I'm gonna be here Tuesdays and Thursdays. It's not like I'm leaving Not like I'm uh, you know, doing that whole summer thing like I did a couple years there and I'm sure they might have felt on a broke my hand. Yeah, see that was being punished. This is the way it works. God punishes people for You know, slacken off a little bit Well, I'm busted there right there in the red light district. That was another thing Right there in the old church. Oh God I didn't delgado. How do you say A IDA in? I didn't okay Mr. Delgado says he once saw an army master sergeant last year back. He told her in the Humvee antenna He says he watched a Marine send a youngster flying with a boot to the chest and he says men in his unit World bottles that are macke civilians from a military vehicle since he left the US military in January as a Conchancements objecter the former army Former army specialist is traveled the country giving audiences of disturbing your counter-brueteen brutality He claims he saw during his year in Iraq his grizzly roadshow is triggered two military investigations It is also drum leads in critics who scrutinizes the counter-grin inconsistencies to justice Alyer and dismiss him as a derving of the far left some criticize him for waiting until he came home to report the incidents The time in place that made these crimes as rally with a soldier wearing uniform over there So it's Steve Stomvelle a spokesperson for the US Army Reserve wearing a black t-shirt with a word peace in English Hebrew and Arabic del Gato punctuated a reason talked about 50 people with slides of gruesome war images One picture showed a bullet shattered corpse in a partially open body bag the point of showing this is not to shock you He said del Gato 23 told his audience of the University of San Diego's don't be crock instant for peace and justice We don't have a way to get sense of Iraqi civilians as human beings. It's not part of the news coverage The son of a US diplomat del Gato group in Thailand the Senegal and Egypt were able to speak Arabic He was a 19-year-old college student in Florida when he enlisted in the Army Reserve He signed his service contract at the morning of the 911 terrorist attacks He became a Buddhist before the Army activated his unit and sent him an 140 others and they 320 of military police company To Iraq in March 2003 FEMA after arriving he decided to turn in his weapon that Coleman Sarah soda reason religious studies at new college of Florida He's given free-toxed audiences at high schools college campuses and churches from Florida to California He's a line himself with a peace movement, but hasn't joined the call for immediate withdrawal of US troops He said occupation is better than allowing Iraq to slip into anarchy and even more bloodshed If democracy comes out of this invasion, there'll be some good to what he said But I just want people to know along that road is gonna be an enormous amount of brutality and bloodshed Bloodshed and murder on the highway like that call we had about a hundred years ago I don't know how could we forget which the drop it been cleaned murder and bloodshed 1057 of 2 a.m This is the new Roger show What's this is your brain? Who could talk his voice? Any questions? No. It's 30 a day, what's gas? Well I've read it and Lincoln. I've heard man. I drove up in the hill. You want insurance? And the recall how it happened well. It's not like it still gives me change in what a weirdo. Follow my map of starhouse and shine and wash out the scene. Sit and not have front-poise. And just lean a drone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I walked up like a new hurl. Hey, do I know you? And I saw her hesitate. Hey, but the call was gone. Started working in for her. There was too late for her in my car. Oh, roll the windows down. That she worked my queen and her. And she's here. Who's my favorite crown? Because the super cradle. And I've got Angelina, Joine. In my basement. And I think I'll keep her there with me. Hello. And charge her red hair. And I can't wait. Well I hope she's no mine. I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement. I think I'll find that. How wonderful life is with Angelina Joine. My name's Fred. Let's see how it is. Watch it, Fred. For a man in. But I bet you've given your message. Help them. To have Angelina, Joine. Locked down in your basement. Come on. Let's see her. My dog, don't hurt her pression. I heard your dog. If you put some dog in the basket. 11.03 a Q.A.M. Here's what we got on the pool so far. Somebody used to hate. But now you're like a lot. A lot. 161 votes. I mean, not like overwhelming. Not like they're real anxious to go and vote on this. Because it's too awkward. George Rodriguez 33 years. You're leading man. Hey. Hey. And now they like you. Some. Bill Clinton. 31. You're a truly 18 yeldy 15. Hey, Galdy. Somebody likes you. Howard Stern 11. You're a spring or a Keith Olderman A drives you to like a monster sports center because it was sports now he hates it like poison But you don't watch MSNBC anyway, dude. I've never put it on. I don't think so. How'd then how do you know you don't like him now? I just said I've never seen his new show, but nobody is watching it. That's true. It can't be that good. Oh, and then they put that both had idiot Tucker Carlson on here And I'd collect man, oh man, he always points. The only sure they've ever put on it. It's got like a minus in front of the number I mean, what are they thinking about? Let's see Keith Urban in a Tom Jones 7 Bill Mars got six for a hundred Bill guards read Chris Rock one and rich walls Look at that. He's got one very jackass voted nice going very hey Barry you fairie here's a fast from a Rick that says have a great summer You deserve it after dealing with the colors and all the grave robbers of QA and now the grave robber is a Norma Kent I am so I am what I'm going to would just just move on, you know, right Just what the way I mean, well, what is the point? Don't call here again Norma. Okay, don't ever call here I hit leave me alone go play with marbles or something. Give lost God almighty talk about just creating your an again from a selfish standpoint not that we doing something for me selfish selfish It's always like self-serving selfish how much more do you want Norma? Okay selfish God what a hazer you know a hazer is That affect I read it a flavor wave Rick says and because of you my mouth is watering already I've got a great piece of silver and stick married any in mojo a human seasony mojo Yeah garlic and citrus and the garlic with no salt it says mmm also I wanted to thank you and George for putting the fear of God in me I went to the doctor the other day and found I had a high blood pressure I'm also a borderline diabetic borderline diabetic You know what she's like an important line pregnant. Hey, right? The idea is here, but there's no such thing as being borderline diabetic either you are or you ain't right I go out there and we want those acute check for some other one of those 80 million brands They got it and I'd start prick it my finger here, but they ain't checking that blood sugar and Be right on it. In fact, remember I had the article the other day about the Sunni you start keeping your blood sugar levels down That very off you are It just Like anyway, he was told to lose weight or he'd be dead in a couple years He's already started to walk about 15 minutes today with the intention gradually uping the time It's so easy to put the weight on and so hard to take it off and so easy to go eat right ice cream when somebody agitates you on the phone. You've got frustration eating you idiot normal can't you fool you you quizling you He just pisses me off. He if you could know the number of times he's done that and I'm I got my cheese burger I make it in my flavor way if I'm sitting there relaxing me show us over I got one more day until the summer thing starts and then here comes the phone ring I just should answer the phone good plan It's it's almost never anything good Anyway, I've worked as at least I've taken a first step. I'll send you before and after purchase when I'm done PS you're getting two to people out there keep up the great work I'm getting through the right and I get through the image to be all what do you say and Then and Josh still unlike that movie. That's too bad. Oh, and you're not getting that North by North West yet I'll go pick it up somewhere What if I know Rush I wait together when I was gonna send you I forget oh It was the best is it been burning. Oh, that's right. I'll catch that. It's on cable like every five minutes All came in this crappy okay, and if I send it to you'll watch it if it's on cable you just keep You keep clicking you'll click or it's a good movie the acting is good Chief the fact that she in hackmans and if that's your turn you're right there that you need to see it Oh, by the way, it's all the first hour of pie finally lastly. Yeah. Yeah, I pie your pie A pie. Why do you want to watch that because I like Aaron Oskie? Yeah, it was interesting You won't like this. Well, he puts the drill in his hand I know how it ends. That's why I didn't bother. What the If he starts out he saves us at the kind of like mine is right now Not really ball the close to it Did you get you got to that part right? Oh, no, oh and then he's got that orthodox rabbi That's right all his muddle. I humble all these secret Formulas and isn't and then the anybody sticks the so maybe now that I've saved my head like this If you're more much better, we'll tell you we're gonna just take you like you through and stick it Not meant through my head. Maybe it is as normal as ass normal you bug me man just go away You're a quench your real quench do not can't act joys do not contact me Do not contact the bees least do not contact Greg Reed do not contact Duff do not contact Clarest just to go take some contact about a hundred would be good Go away already Jesus Christ everything is going long just fine You know everything is fine coming up roses the numbers were great and here's this makefully of pretend broadcaster Who said to me the last time he talked me by the way? He's upset because they don't promote his show and Oh, give me a break Well light bulb and in fact it's not even light bulb juniors like bulb light that he's on you could fit the number of people Listen to that station in in in Dade and Broward counties into a telephone booth and have room left over for fat boys Ass here is the good news though. Like I said we're gonna be really positive today good news Increasingly pessimistic about Iraq and skeptical about present pushes plan for social security Americans are in a season of political discontent giving Mr. Bush one of the lowest approval ratings of his presidency Oh Even law marks to Congress right according to New York Times CBS poll. I was just released yesterday 42% of the people responding to the polls that they approved of the way Mr. Bush was handling it 42% approval rating a Market decline from his 51% rating after the November election when he embarked on an ambitious second term agenda led by the overall social security try to divert your money to his big business friends 16 months before the midterm elections Congress fair even worse in the survey would be approval of this 33% of the respondents and 19% saying Congress shared their priorities despite months of presidential Eiffordination might pull fund the public is not Rallying toward Mr. Bush's vision of a new social security Never allow younger workers to lose their money in their private investment counts in a stock market and Fritred all away so that Bush's buddies on Wall Street can make a bananas is learned read will would say two Third said they were uneasy about Mr. Bush's ability makes scientists on social security only 25% said they approved the way Mr. Bush's handling 25% said the approved the way is handling social security down slightly from the poll in March I mean that's like Pathetic those must be really rich people Well, so the people on Wall Street. Yeah, they probably talked to Ron and Sanna and your buddy I said don't call me David don't call me Howard David. Hey, it's head Don't don't don't don't more over 45% said the more they heard about the Bush brand the less they liked it the more I hear it the less I like it What's the bit on it? That's not Motentill in the lower here you is in it pretty sure the more I haven't played that in a long long time Are you sure that's what the more I see you whatever That's the one okay, well, it's coming up anyway getting back to this 45% said they more I'll review again the more they heard about the less they liked that They also found a public share the growing skepticism and Washington about Mr. Bush's prospects for success on social security with more saying They did nothing Mr. Bush would succeed still Mr. Bush continued to have majority support for his handling of the war in terror 52% one of his strengths throughout his 2004 reduction campaign is approval writing is below the historical pattern for June in the first year of a second term President Clinton stood at 60% keep in mind Bush 42 president Reagan in 59% keep in mind Bush 42 And that of course it goes on to say that could reflect in part the much greater partisan polarization in modern politics I'm escorted by the 71% percent percentage point gap between his approval running from Democrats and Republicans of the recent pool or More likely it could be because he's totally incompetent and people are just fed up and discussed it and find a catch and on and they're trying to hear in a pack of life On Iraq months of continued turmoil and surgeon attacks and casualties appear taking a further troll on pubic attitudes Looking back 51% said they thought the United States should have stayed out of Iraq while 45% said military action was the right thing to do That reflects only a slightly erosion from findings by CBS news throughout the spring But a mark turn around from last year when pluralism that think it was still the right thing to do more over only 37% said they proved a Mr. Bush's Handling of the situation interact down from 45% in February strong majority of Americans now said the effort by the U.S. To bring stability in order to Iraq is going badly 60% up from 47% February 60% say that bad in general the survey found Americans in a darker mood They're dark in one key measure only 33% said they thought the country was on the right track while 61% said it got off in the wrong direction How do you like that? And the public view Congress dropped sharply earlier this year and has never done unusually low levels since March and is hanging down there real close I'm a man. I do like that. Let's take it that prayer is waiting that take them all out Spent 205 Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q 8 What a likelihood Not you I know my smell of traction. But unlike that you, you've still got your... I feel just like that you are my inferiority. And we'll need you to another. That's why you're still not quiet. It's just... I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it. I'm going to show you... And it's too high. That's a good way to let you go. All right, that's enough. It's over. A 22 votes on a full so far. Somebody used to hate like poison, but now you like a lot. George Rodriguez, 36. Oh, Bill Clinton, 34. More Howard David had got 28. The O'Rages 21. Uh, guilty 20. Howard's firms got 15. Jerry's free in November. In September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September, in September in September, again, that's happening. That's absolutely possible. And this is the same, that it's always been, every time, it goes out and always, is, socially and produced, or is not connected to a server, which means it's on your end, trust me when I tell you, because everything else here is working, plus. It's worth, after the internet, because that can go on to, like I did before, in an explorer, see, even how I had doing that. Right. So I already did the early experimenting here, but I would've booted it today, and that's all I can do, it's booted in booted, so it's on that end. So get the engineering, the crack engineering department make just make a whole bunch of calls up on the yellow pages and call people We got calls. Let's take about 30 or 40 this hour. Q a m hello. Hey Niela saying how are you? Good how are you? Great I wanted to tell you that there is a nickname for Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes. It's called it's Comcat TOM KAT Oh no, oh god Isn't that awful? That is right. Is there any way in getting your musical bits your moatfuckabrient Yes, you don't have that on your website or anything. Well, we have some that's on the website, but I don't know what they are Yeah, you should make some of those available You are on a table or something Call me me like we used to do we do yeah, let's have fun time, but then as soon as we put the CD out everybody would like steel and burrary Many copies and give it all their friends and you know, so it's kind of a waste of time Yeah, I've never got to hear the kind of leaves and one before it was banned for a second You didn't hear that yeah, doesn't exist no. I never did oh it doesn't exist In fact, that would be a great way to go out right before my vacation right would be played out right now Right before you retire, but yeah Retirement You talked about putting some of the ones that were banned at one point on a CD Thought we talked about a lot of things, but it's okay That was that was unfortunate I mean like she didn't get the answers she wanted she ran away. What was that? That was it didn't get to the answer she wanted when well the answer is still No, I mean we want to my would not see much of whatever the reason they want is stuff that we Don't have let's just put it that way. Oh, I got it. You want to hear it? Yeah, play it five six seven 560 pond all look at that the associate producer is not just popped up by itself not gonna do Never kind of like to oh verify what I said Kind of like to bear it up. I got all excited what? Because you know I got no clock I got no message on the bottom that says this is Toronto and hi Whatever it always says and I got no dots I got no teeth which means anything coming out of there trust me when I tell you I mean a lot of folks there always like to say well, let's be on that it is not on this end It's on the ass in which is right there you're sitting in it. You're sitting on it the ass in What's that? Oh, it's kind of a it's getting to the point now We're like pretty soon three and four-year-old kids are gonna be driving cars and why the hell not pretty soon Your dogs are gonna be driving cars. I mean if precious could drive it on passions could go out there If a and a ranger tank could drive a car why not why not by the way Beth gets away in what's your name? What's his name? Alistair's on his way to rescue Beth with the limo with a martin marty Did just for the five people to watch passions? Hollywood a 13 year old boy jumped into a public workshop yesterday and let police I'm sure you saw this I'm not chased for at least 20 miles from Broward in the central day. Oh, no, he's going to wrong way son You don't want to go into date the boy tried to run over for a police officer Because it would cause at least two crashes in Hollywood police spokesman Captain Tony road or is that a roadie? The boy was saying a that Tom Comcat. Oh, that is so pukey You know, I'm depressed over that last call because she's it was like Yeah, she seemed very nice and like a real fan and everything else and then like at the end after I said no, we're not gonna do that. Oh, okay Bye It's typical especially I don't want to say South Florida. Wait at all The boy was charged with grand theft all our old thing and looting a police officer aggravated the salt Marrow one of possession Oh my god and other charges all of these all of these things he was being held in date County juvenile facility He until he could face a magistrate today return to Broward County Two city workers had left the Hollywood public works truck running when a boy jumped inside wrote he said it was a nice cram of opportunity He said he jumps in and take a little drawer right and does this that he drove through several cities and to high Alia where officers used to stop we use stops to slow the truck the boy struggled during his arrest and some officers made allegations of excessive force by the Officers wrote he said those allegations were being investigated he said the boy had been arrested several times before including a previous charge of Grand theft auto wrote he said he's a punk. He's been arrested multiple times. I think like that I'd at least shoot him in an e-caps That's it maybe a little bit higher. That's what people are saying. Maybe they're too rough on it And yeah So all these punks I'm starting to be to turn a little more pro cop as I get older, you know Be coming a little more right wing. I say that pushes doing one hell of a job I thought what they're doing. Not a job Yeah, cop when the night they're going to be sat sitting out there under the bush right and then tickets doing all that stuff right and And of course the other a big piece of local news yesterday was the good your blimp that was a kind of a Yeah, the noise started them crash of thunder and pouring rain startled them. Can I read this or not? Isn't a Harold tiny print noise startled and crash of thunder and pouring rain, but that was nothing compared to what diners it Cross springs red lobster last night we're about to see and God we love red lobster or what man They're the by love that pounding hit I get when I eat there a gigantic presence as long as two thirds of a foot and the Ajud on the IBS I like the smell a gigantic presence as long as two thirds of a football field and 50 feet wide dropped out of the sky It was the good year blimp plum plumting tail first toward the ground at first we thought it was just thunder But then we saw the blim said Mary and Clark general managerly red lobster in 2000th University drive It looked like it was trying to lighten our parking lot seconds later about six forty five last That's a good year blimp stars and stripes crashed down to the roof of cross springs many storage Just north of Sanphal Road taking down power lines during a severe thunder storm the two people on board Both pilots rescue were said had a wait for crews to shut off power in the area If we're exiting the down airship both escaped the crash and injured cross springs fire rescue spokesman Mike Moejer said I'd like that I'll change a crap going on fall and blimp's kids would run away trucks stuff like this all of these things and our phone Line still don't worry no see the kind of I suppose me down with about about a 10 at least 20 30 thousand calls Friday Nothing No Give me permission to thank you with stand-ups for our happiness. Give me strength, all alone, and all alone. Give me strength, all alone, and all alone. Give me strength, all alone. Give me strength, all alone. Give me strength, all alone. I never heard this thing before. Ooh, what are you? Twenty-seven-seven till noon at five, sixty-three. You can't let that's our boy. Jim says from California, I don't understand it. Do you look at this? It says from Iraq, and then it says, Jim. Hmm, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't have a facts from Jim. You do. Okay, there it is. Ooh, yeah, we're seeing. They think they're clever by making up a name when they sign at the end. Not realizing that they've already been. Yep, but if you're a number that is from Iraq, maybe it's from Iraq's facts machine. What difference does it make? You get like, oh, hostile. I'm just messing that in passing. I wish I hadn't seen it. Okay. From some guy in California alleged. He says, I used to hate judge duty because I thought he was just some Jaffee man hitting bitch, but I actually paid attention to the show discovered that she's hilarious. There you go. Judge duty. We've got a honor yet. Good. And by the way, we don't give a choice. What's this Supreme Court said we're still smoking up a stir-mind here at California. This is a Jim, Eric whatever his name is. All day. So thanks to the Nazis. A little rise, very sorry. The same facts again, but in a different format. I'm very important. Same facts from Eric Jim. In the different format. Why is that? I don't know. Well, maybe he's smoking a little bit too much. Maybe he rolled up the L.A. times in it. Or whatever. Now, this is going to be this. It just makes me want to scream. This even pisses me off in Norma. Can't. Your Fed S Governor, you know? Okay. I think these people ought to sue him for about 80 billion dollars. Your Fed S Governor. He is the anti-Christ. He is the worst. He makes his brother look like a Sunday school preacher. Like they are good Samaritan. Like they're good human man. Fed S Governor, Jaffee Bush, as to prosecuted today to investigate. Like Terry Shavow collapsed 15 years ago, calling into question a gap in time. From what her husband found the woman and called 911. He just will not let this go. Terry and her two. And what do we facts of an Ellis Pasco County State attorney, Bernie McAve? The Fed S Governor says, Michael Shavow testified in 1992 medical malpractice trial. That he found his wife collected 5 a.m. And he said in 2003, tell him in the interview that he found her in about 4.30 a.m. He called 911 at 5.40 a.m. Between 40 and 70 minutes he laughed you for the call was made. And I'm more of no explanation for the lay, Bush said. And light of this new information. I urge you to take a first look at this case without any preconceptiveness to the outcome. Terry Shavow died. Marked to the one is we all certainly know from dehydration after her feeding. Jew was disconnected despite unsuccessful efforts by Bush to keep her alive. Bernie Attich efforts ridiculous ludicrous unacceptable efforts. Not to mention illegal. The battle between her husband and parents over whether she should be allowed to die. Also, we got the courts Congress of White House and divided the country. Her autopsy released the other day showed suffered from severe irreversible brain damage. McAve was out of state Friday. It couldn't immediately be reached for comment. Michael Shavow's attorney George F. Loast did not immediately return a phone call. So he can come in from the MP. But a comment published today by the herald. He said Terry Shavow could not survive if her husband hadn't called immediately 9.11. It's absolutely preposterous. He said. Absolutely. If he had waited 70 minutes, she would have been dead. I mean, correct that they just won't leave this poor bastard alone. It just drives me crazy. Drows me up the wall. They just won't let go because of their desperate hernietic attempts to pacify their Bible-thumping, right wing fetus hugging, semcellal-looking idiots. Crazy people. That's what you are. Are you religious nuts here? Crazy, sure to fire. A little lock your ass up so the rest of us could be safe and live in peace. You're the evil, doers. Yes. I don't think you want a peace of peace anyway. After you heard this story. Okay. Well, I shouldn't have told you before the show. I gave you like a little heads up on us. This is so gross. And right before lunchtime, he's doing it too. What a disgusting bastard. Right. None of the fetus story is it? By the way, it's different. They are phone still on work. Yeah, not here either. But hey, what? Or the resetting the entire system. So I can't say call it that. I don't know about that. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, no. Just not here. Why should I be able to punch up calls when you can't. I thought you said, not here either. I want to swear. Who you say that? Because we've already taken about 600 calls. Not too many good ones. But we, yeah, we took a few. Well, not anymore. We haven't knew that. We'll be doing that again. Yeah, that's right. I don't really care. It's my last day before vacation. And before a nice long summer of not working very much. Cheerleader's discipline for feces, pizza. Oh, my God. Killer Texas. I thought I love good religious folks are in Texas. All them Bible, thumb and born again. Aren't they? Yeah, like El President and his classy family. Four killer high school cheerleaders were sent home early in killer Texas. Send home from camp after allegedly putting human feces on a pizza and trying to frame Rival cheerleaders for the deed. Lovely. Cheerleaders from rival fossil-ridge high school had sent a pizza to the Kerosawaw on the last night of a four day camp at the University of Texas at Arlington. Less than an hour later, some killer cheerleaders took the pizza to fossil-ridge sponsor, claiming that fossil-ridge cheerleaders had doctor the pizza with feces. The feces of the species. Yeah, which species? We don't know, and I don't want to fight out. After questioning four care, oh, geez. After questioning four care cheerleaders, cheerleaders were sent home. Cheerleaders and parents told the four-war star telegram for a story in Thursday's editions. Kind of reminds me of Debbie does it in Dallas. Maybe she did a doose. Ha ha ha. Maybe she was a doosey bag. Federal laws bar officials from discussing the girls discipline, but sets an incident will be considered serious misconduct, this is spoke from Jason Myrtle, the newspaper. He said punishment could include sending the girls to the districts, disciplinary alternative high school, and removing them from the team. You go now. They have to the pizza prank, or they should have called it the keeper. Yeah, I like that. Capra pizza, Capra. They probably would like Capra's better under pizza as opposed to. But they after other comar cheerleaders have apologized, they're meant to live to the fossil-ridge squad of age. At least they put an intro, he's on there. Oh, god, I'll for further whatever. A quarter of a ho on no. Over to that. In Burma. The United States Congress next week will renew our sanctions. Did you see the little tree you will kid that got shot in the head? Because it was crying too much in Cambodia. No. You didn't see that story? No. Yeah, he was crying too much. But I've been. Yeah, what it comes to like that. It's real life. Here's your life. Here's your life. Here's your life. Here's your life. yeah. Here's on 560. Two eight. Yeah. Well back with one of our favorite people. Tom Cruise. But first, let's get to something next. Little more serious. Here's a brilliant one. What happened with the guy who made charges about having a relationship with you though. Where we are now is really a beautiful, beautiful place. Natalie and Lance Comma. I don't have it. I know what he wants. I know, I know foot of delicate. I had to play his stuff. You know what I'm saying? I get it. What's important to me is casual sex. No kidding. And the pornography and all that kind of stuff that's accessible on the internet. I'm sure you have that. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love stuff like that, right back with Tom Cruise after the day. Hey, Tom. You're fair. Looking 45. It's like they had a press conference. When I was there, they were going to get married. It just like when Bert Reynolds had a press conference. And what's his name? Tom Sully had a press conference. To announce that they're not gay. Yeah. I got news for it. Let me say for the eight minutes time. Anybody who holds a press conference to tell a world that they're not gay. Guess what? You're a god. Or you're gay. That's it. That was a Freudian slip there. So now I didn't have to have a press conference. To announce that you worked. No, I didn't. Let's say the bride to be as guilty as Manchester in Hampshire. That means the wedding is on. A Manchester is coupled June 29. Wedding seemed to doubt after the woman was charged with assaulting her fiance last month. This is even worse than the one-way bride. The bug-eyed, runaway bride. Oh, and so we have two tonight by the way, NBC does anybody care? Oh, we're going to wait, bride. On what? On fire? Hopefully. Wouldn't that be great? What would happen? A genital runaway. Quickly reconciled by Jagger's bail. Conditions partner from going with the hundred yards of her fiancee in charge which moved to the restitution. But Zulk said Zulk said a fiancee pleaded no contest to symbol the salt Wednesday. Effectively ending the restitution, clearing way for their wedding. She was found guilty and got a suspended assentance. Zulk said he's been the incidence behind a couple, but doesn't believe his fiancee should have been charged. She said he wasn't injured and didn't consider himself a victim. Jagger, whatever the name is, was charged with a pedally punching Zulk on May 29th at their home. She was beaten on him. Well, what it was? One more thing on Terry Shavoh and her, and we'll get to know that. Just like you don't know, so we have to mention what's his name that he don't see it. All right. All done. Blooming to Minnesota, the family of Terry Shavoh wants to know what caused her heart to temporarily stop beating in 1990, causing the monumental brain damage in the little case to divide the donation. Our family doesn't understand what led to Terry's collapse at Suzanne, fit the Dama on Thursday. The first day of the National Right to Life annual convention Bloomington, that's where they are. Terry's relatives will be speaking at an anti-abortion convention. Does this give you a little bit better insight and be similar? Not that we didn't already know this, but doesn't this kind of like underscore and underline? Right. And they sure ain't fine. Finted Dama, right a short statement for members of Shavoh's family, while her parents and brother Bobby Shavoh looked on, Finted Dama did not take questions from reporters, of course. She said, on autopsy, I'm a sister's body released when they showed no evidence of bulimia and eating disorder that can leave me this rough body chemistry and eating disorder had been one theory for why the then 26 year old woman collapsed. The Dama said there was also an evidence that Terry wanted to die of the hydration. And Yadi Yadi and a whole bunch of stuff about the fetuses and embryos and stem cells, all the other crap. Like that. Well, I speak to the crazy religious nuts. Now, what's the story? Is your phone still out? Yes. That's the phone itself, just our ability to do anything with it. Well, that's what I mean. Yeah, that was just right. No dots. Correct. Well, that's another one thing you should know you're at the end of your, no dots. That is. You know what we're trying to do is connect the dots, but it's kind of hard to do when you've got no dots. Yeah, it's easier to disconth it to dots. Right. Yep, sure, sure. We've got a lot of things you used to say, just nanomit. I'm sad I'm credit for what. So we got no dots. So even you can't put your binocross right away. That's your puts the on the side of my fat. Yes, I think this is something that a lot of a comic-pink-o-plot, if you ask me, that are sharp enough to make it faster and really work that last day. We're at life. Surprise, we can play like a whole medallion bits, you know, just a mob bits. Oh, yeah. And we'll throw off his condolisa. Anyway, speaking of crazy religious nuts, Pittsburgh. Some may see it as a sign to call a plumber, but a Pittsburgh man sees the divine. And we're not talking about Andy divine either. Plunk your magic, trying her for all you. And after we go, 30, and internet worker engineer, what does it say? Internet network engineer is auctioning off a piece of water-stained tester from his bathroom that he says, looks like an image of Jesus Christ. How do you like that? Oh my God. How many of you Jesus needed to do a doose? He could. Right? Why? You don't think Jesus had like bodily fur? It's like that. Actually, I mean, he's eating that stator as the last one. Oh, that was gross. Come out. I'm sure it didn't stink though. No, correct. I sure offered it in mind upon somebody's pizza. And I bet it floated on the water. Okay. And it would have looked good in the punchball. Maybe that's what we'll find it in the punchball. Oh my God. Jesus Christ, look at that thing. Rigo says he saw the image when he stepped out of his shower center in the evening. I got out of the shower in the old. Jesus Christ. Rigo told the Pittsburgh Tribunal of Houston, a service yesterday. My girlfriend asked me, oh my God, what is it? I pointed responded, no, Jesus Christ. Rigo was seeking at least $199.99 for the water state and piece of plaster. He's dubbed shower Jesus on an online website, eBay. shower Jesus. Isn't that great? How about toilet Jesus? By the way, I got the, my God's back. I don't know. Okay. I got none. Rigo, who isn't religious and doesn't believe the image is assigned from God, said he's approaching the auction lightheartedly. The entire auction end is proceeding. So, not meant to be taken seriously. Rigo said in the email interview, there's no hidden agenda. He's here and never religious or political commentary to be derived. He just wants some money. Using a rotary tool, Rigo cut the out the section of plaster and found the water leak. Then he made a box filled with plaster and placed the shower Jesus inside the dry. As to be honest, there was one bed. The auction ends next Tuesday night. See, better top on the bed and get your shower Jesus before somebody else grabs it for a year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 are poll today, which we haven't talked about much because we got this phone situation ongoing and here it is almost noon. Do we have it solved yet? Oh, do we have it? Do we have any idea what's going on there? No, probably not. I thought you said it's stepped ahead of his finger on it. Yeah, you made the call and that was it. That was it. 260 votes, somebody used to hate me now. You're like a lot. George Rodriguez 45, Bill Clinton 41, more Howard David in 32 and I scored more. Oh, something I haven't even escaped. Well, they're postponed until almost noon given an Occasms to embarrassed. Okay. Well, we got the mole man at two. I have to do that. You don't want to know. Four o'clock for the mad dog. It's. Oh, my god. And then if that if that doesn't lead us into a downhill slide fast enough at seven o'clock till 9 30 before the Marlin game, we've got Lenny Marquez. Oh, my god. Totally moly, right man. Marlins, I decked 9 30 to Marlins at the Los Angeles angles of Anahom, 105. Lenny Marquez. That's the best we could do was Lenny Marquez for two and a half hours on a Friday night. As the lead in the Marlins baseball, that sounds like her comic Pinko plot. That sounds like our lives have been programmed by the people across the street. Anyway, George has got 46, Clinton 41, more 32. I got 26. Yelby's got 23. Somebody used to hate the lack a lot now. Jerry Spring and 19. Howard Stern 19. Bill Mar 14, Keith O'Women 10, Tom Jones 10, David Brock 8. Can't say what he ate. Chris Rocks six, Humphrey Boger four, Rich Walts has got a pair which means very Jack and his mother both voted. And the judge duties got one. Well, that's grotesque punum. So you want to punch up a collar to her one? Sure, you're here. Should I get pays or do you know you can get hold of me? I'll buy the pays or the real thing. You're in the love. Hey, George. Hey. Hey, I guess it neals going to be playing some bit today. I know you hate your question because I'm going to get to it. Why do you say I hate me? If it kills some good time day, why would I hate him? Well, because normally you're telling, you don't, you're letting them know you want to join your show. I'll show it to you, you know. Yeah, all right. Get around to it. Could you play eight sounds that are great? Eight sounds that are great. The classic. Yeah. Looks like this. Thank you. Long to you. Welcome. Yes. Here. Eight sounds that you hate. But I'm in it. And I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two. Much less or eight. Eight sounds that you hate. Drumming from the boys they will surely set for race. I tell you what they are. Carrying tea, you'll go, yeah. I like finger nails on a blackboard. People crack their neck for their double. When I was tired we're both together. That just makes me just. Eight sounds you can't stand. Would you tolerate if you were a handsome man I am? And to the list of a a fork and a knife scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am. That's more right here. Little more. Little more. Little more. Little more. Yeah. I don't have a hand. Hey. Sounds all unique. Now let's review it so you can really, really free. Take a nail on a blackboard. People crack their neck for their double. I'm a time and phone together. Corsing made me so full. I like brand new sneakers on a gym floor. Quitting in a movement of window. When I get into drilling my mold. That makes me feel more. My boy is singing on his record. Ah! You can tell that by a child. If these have given you the chivers. That makes you a winner. Hey, you've got not just someone but their form like this. But I love it. Here. I'll do it again. Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee-wearing window? I'll pack my neck. Ah! I'm so pretty with stuff for a whip. Oh wait. I got one more. What a tough sport. squeegee. What's with your basic action? Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on QA-down. Hey, you need to wait until we can't say. In addition to the bottom-down, we have twice the go-way. But we can still say it. Do I supposed to open a lift? It's not what she is. If there's no sense, then. Hey, you need to wait until we can't say. Speak. Speak! Unless you're a part-steer today! We have to please, push forstens, and play at theat bay. Speak! If he hadn't came to tobacco leads turnies. Programnya shows. Freshly evict, we'll crash off our retin panting house. Or when he's so promoplou! She plays with us like adult toys. We're lucky we can still say. I don't know why it's so good. Oh, oh, oh. A.B. Way to a cast for A. He's outside a half a seat here. I'm out of my tail. Oh, look at this, a CNN. So appealing to the youth vote. She's a national correspondent, Christian. I'm on for joins. I see what I'm saying. It was a cross running thing going on. I'm taking that. Do you know what her if she disappeared? Thanks a lot. She has more time to pre-know. And Bill Humford, I was his last morning this morning. Bye, Bill. You're fairie. I'm not going to get more of this CNN international crap on it. There's Christian. I'm on poor without nasty babushka that's my honor. I have whatever that thing is. You're going to love this story. All right. It's about what you're going to want more story in a little bit. A couple minutes, but this is even better than that. All right. And organization that you despise. Peter. Peter. I have an all-q to all the time. Well, I was going to give you a little clue. And by the way, here's a clue to full civil work. A shokie, a husky. Have you said that a husky or a Carolina? A husky. Okay. Two employees of people for the ethical treatment of animals. Peter had been charged with animal cruelty after dumping dead dogs and cats on a shopping set of garbage bin police said. Investigators take out the bin after discovering that dead animals had been dumped there every Wednesday for the past four weeks. A husky police said, and it prefers to stay in the yesterday. Peter has scheduled a news conference day in North or Virginia, but the group is based. Police found 18 dead animals in the bin and 13 more in a van registered to Peter. The animals were from animal shelters in Northampton and Ruby counties police said. You know, those places are? No. Good. The two were picking up animals. We brought back to Peter headquarters for a youth organization. Peter president, England, New Kirk said yesterday. Neither police nor Peter offered any theory on why the animals might have been dumped. Police charged and real Benjamin Cook, 24 of Virginia and Adrian Joy, a hinkle, 27 of North Virginia. Each with 31 felony cats of animal cruelty and eight Mr. Meiner counts of illegal disposal of the animals. They released on bond after initial court day was said today. Hinkle has been suspended. The cook continues to work for Peter. New Kirk said he said he doubted Hinkle had ever been court of the animal and said if the animals were placed in the bin, we would be appalled. Well, guess what? Maybe the cops put them there to set them up. That's right. It's a conspiracy. Yeah. I doubted. Pippocrates, phony, baloney. I have a fee in this phone thing. I can't work by two o'clock today. I could be wrong about that. Why do you say that? It's just one of those feelings. It feels like this. The fuel in the car said tragic on this day of all days and it's just as the same thing on there. I mean, I'm not going to continue rebooting in trend stuff on this and because it's on the ass and it's right there. It's where the audience knows they could probably come in there and fix it. Look at switch, yanker, cord, something. Booker or just yanker. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See the pool. What do I tend to be for the show today? This pool wasn't going to go like get a really big response. Of course it's Friday and everybody's not gone anyway. That is why we can't take any calls for them. Right. What do we mean we can't take any calls? You know, you don't take as many this way. Of course not. Because every call is like a major production this way. But a bit better. But about them. We're both saying hello and your punch in a button. Hello. Hello. QM. Yes sir. Yeah. I heard something about Tommy Hudden. I wanted to clear it up. I heard that you and him got it on. Yeah. Okay. It's interesting that he we're going to like have a little play by play on that. Yeah. I can't find it. What a shame. We're going to have this. Probably would have been great too. It would have been sensational. But this kill some. Oh, here it is. Mo is going to say it's time to get it on. Okay. It was almost worth it. And kill at least another 40 seconds. That's all at the hardest. Yeah. That was the whispering guy by the way. Mm-hmm. That's probably what it's for. Let's touch up another one. QM. Hello. You've got that. I just called out. Oh, no. Those are the guys yesterday. I did the door for 33 seconds. Yeah. We heard the problem. Yeah. We heard the problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? You're going to do a little practice. A little breathing exercise. I'm going to come up from the barn guys. I mean, come on. That's what I heard. No. This is what it's like. Okay. Nice job, pal. What are you saying? Huh? Are you knocking this guy? No, no. It was great. It's one of your people. If you talk nice to me, you're bringing some of my crack over a little bit later on. What kind of crack? I've got a pizza. Some good Schmidt. 560, 505, 60 pound, 5060, I need Verizon. See you to write a sign. Let's just jam in a zillion calls between now and two o'clock. Although I have a significant pile. Is this important? Yeah. He's right there. That was very important. We important. Don't they trust me? Oh, look at that. So she produced her is currently not connected with surveys. Just pop the program. See, whatever they're doing down there, they're their fiddling, they're different. It's not connected. I'm that end. Right? You're not connected, anybody? Your cords are hanging out, but they're not connected anything. You're reaching out toward the sky, but nobody is a listen. 560, 505, 60, and Verizon, see you to write a sign. QA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, George. Neil? Yep. I'm wondering, can we finally, your bits, do you have them available on? Yeah, I do. 560, 505, 60. I hear you clicking it off and does. So I click it. What do you mean? I know the word that took you. They could be Q from hearing you click it. Am I doing it? Yeah, yeah. I'm doing a reflex action. I'm writing the same. I'm hitting the button. You can't do anything. And I think just pop that again. Hey, I know it's not connected with surveys. Okay? Like rubbing it in now. It's almost like it's in kind of a county pink or plot. Jesus. Let me get over that. Okay, I got rid of it. Little pop up again. I'm sure. Okay, let's take another call. QA, I'm hello. Hello. I'm request line. Hello. I don't need it. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm going to say something about the poll. I'm going to say, I'm similarly there. I don't know if there's your end there or not, but don't take this in a long way. And that being a smart out. I guess the disagree with you, I'm just about everything. And I'm listening to you a lot. And since Jerry should I go? Yeah. There's a lot of information. I know that I'm not a Democrat or a Republican. I guess the way it is. And if you don't have any conscience at all, you've got to vote Democrat and split the balance of power. This country needs to be split. Do you? You can't have one one segment of the country dictating the kind of power that these people have. And I'm telling you, I know a lot of them in my life. My family. Really? And there's a lot of not jobs out there. And if the people and the meanwhile, but man, God help those are, if they're willing to be universe. I don't think there's good people or they mean well, but never less. You know, I at least know a lot of them. But like I said, disagree with you. I don't know how to stuff on Iraq. I disagree with you. But there's absolutely nothing. And that he was a conscience. Can look at what's happening with the balance of power the way it is in this country. And say, this is healthy, this is good. And I'm not, I'm a Republican or his old next year. I've never voted Democrat in my life. I don't know what you're going to. You're going to vote. You're going to vote. I got 27 votes. I'm already on it. As soon as you started to know this stuff about well, you know, he just a reason for your, you're a channel, he can just, you're, we, with a war, I mean, maybe want to see like 5,000, that Americans are 10,000 or like 400,000, that he ruckies. I mean, it's just, well, what's the point? It's all based on us. We all know now. That's okay. Yeah, but look at all the terrorism. It's reducing. Oh, there's no question about that. Look at how common peaceful it is over there now. And how much more they love us now. they love us another week attack. Let's see here's a fact you just sent me from Arkansas, Neil B. Two says, one for the pool, Old Learning Bastard. Old Dirty. I couldn't stand him and didn't listen any of his music however when you start playing. I gave him a shot. Although I'm not doing his music when he was with Wu Tang clan, I find much of his solo materials pretty damn good. My favorite cut off his and please album is I want some a phone blank. Yeah. Some joyside. I want some joy. Thanks for tuning me on to Old Dirty and I feel if you could please play a tribute to the man before vacation. Oh, I see once you're a whole bit. I'm going to play that song. He's talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You play it on Monday. All right. Well, that you will. It's old dirty black. I'm trying. I'm still in here. Old Dirty. I'm in a puppy. So let's add that on there. Let's get old dirty on there. All right. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Tom Daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo yo, man. Yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. All right. Pickery Dekery Blank. Is it a doc? V. P. R. C. Marina. All D. Inlet. Oh, man. Is $100 question right here? You have kidding me, right? Is the $100 for $100. Is it the million dollar question? Oh, this is the first one. Only for $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a light phone? Yeah. All right. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Asty audience, the 50 50 and the phone of friend. Asty audience. Not too many white people in here. That 50 50. I'm going to help me. Are you all going to phone a friend? I've called a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. All right. Who we got to call puppy? Oh, my boy. Old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah. There we come. Friends from AT and tail get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Registrel. Then from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here. Puff Daddy. Dude. It was up. All right. All right. All right. Old dirty. Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come online. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you a full possible choices. So you said. Amen. Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now. You'll dirty fish is off for me. All right. Pickering. Dickering. Blank. Is it a dot B. P. R. C. Marino or D. In a bit. Oh. Come on man. I don't have a child. Yeah. No. It's me. I know. I see a P. P. You sure? But third man. There's a lot of money man. A third. All right man. Thank you very much. Amen. Times up for old dirty said. P. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to call the audience? No. I like to add to that. I plan. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines who've used one you have to let's. No. No. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy you can last the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy you're 50 50. What's he is? Puffy it's stuck. It's a. Hey. It's not. My final answer is stop. It's stuck. And it's not good. One. You got a home in all of it. Run you run you like. Run. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. Oh, he loves old dirty. Because he says. I told you. I told you. I told you. Oh, what's the problem officer? The boy from the vehicle. But watch. If you're pod driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists tax such as mouth noise. Corpings are. And fighting. But be annoying. Join others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that the law. The law. It's the law. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dime a people kill with the gas that we sold him. First time a presser nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the new fair to come to heaven for right. We is really good over and over into our heads. Adderack has some weapons of past destruction. I'm tired of the rest. 3000 people killed. Our now for that. Let's exploit them and spread. Hey, there's oil to be done. So in after said down to play Keto Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in law. But no one seems concerned. I'm being complacent. Clearly, even every word of this cartel is in a station. That controls us by fear through the name of an emulation and a right wing. It's really good over and over into our heads. And I ragged that some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not the ice property saying. I have nothing to hide. People partners all are saying. I know be the end of the house. Any reservations, valorable, battle and world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and so with no objection at all. Till the crackdown have the balls and the right wing is really good over and over and do our parade. Why is it? I ragged that some weapons of past destruction. I'm tired of life. Oh, I ragged that some weapons of past destruction. Okay, that was quite a quick question. That's why I did it too. Must have killed an eminent for a nice long break there. Nancy Reagan is poised for a quiet entrance to the Senate's Embrionic stem cell debate and must have same roles you played during the fierce fight in the house. Calling up wavering law makers to help when passage was legislation in the shadow of President Bush's veto threat. His flatter of anti-science veto threat. This is a very important issue to her and I know she remains committed to the cause and we'll do what she can at the right time or spokeswoman, Joanne Drake said in every yesterday. Ha, I'm going to choke up about it. Douglas Wick, the Hollywood producer of City for Swated President Reagan's widow, speak out on the issue with greed. Certainly when the Senate fight becomes clear, she'll get involved again. He said his father Charles was director of the US Information Agency during the Reagan administration. She prefers to work behind the scenes as opposed to her ballet dancing son. Do you want to send an SMBC every day? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's how desperate they are. That's why nobody's watching a SMBC. They got the a bow tie guy on there. You forgot the ballet dancer on there. You're afraid. Brother. And there's nobody watching. I can't imagine why can you love it. This phone thing is really frothed my ass. This couldn't possibly. I mean, what a sad way, you know, to say farewell for a few days, not like for the whole summer. But it's just kind of like if you feel like I've been had the audience removed for me, you know? Uh-huh. I've lost contact. Kind of like when I played that while your window was open bit. You lost touch now. I've lost touch with the audience. Well, touch this. Days after a young boy died on a space writer while Disney World, the California Supreme Court opening a new avenue to suit Disney and other theme park operators, ruling that the parks have a duty to keep customers safe even when they seek to fill a danger. The ruling released yesterday was a victory for the family of the 20-year-old Spanish woman to suffered a fatal brain injury aboard the Indiana Jones ride during her 2000 honeymoon at Disneyland in Southern California. The court said the family could sue Walt Disney company, under the state law, usually applied to transportation companies. Disney declined to come in on the ruling, kissed our returns to LA Superior Court for trial. Go get them. The decision comes days after four-year-old boy died upon a- I haven't played the endos at a long time either, you know, what? What a what? Well, any of those Mickey Mouse bits. Oh, no, you haven't. They're nice and long, too. Yeah. Yeah, but there's one of them. I don't think we even played it when we talked to buddies. Uh, I don't even know what that was. They're calling. Mickey, neither. Or they call. Uh-huh. Mickey and I, sir? Yeah. Is that what we did? I heard. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus. I'm scouting CEOs. You aren't telling me about what sir will be done with New York City Times Square, for the fucking extreme. In and on! Green it! Green it! Turn off the button, please. Turn it and rain us. Get the blue burn on here. Okay, boss. If it's for sure, look what we don't admit downman had 40 seconds tree is incredible. I don't want publicly. I support it that, but you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through Gamma's Con like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. I don't want to need but much. Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lele Owen's Stitch, $128 million. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running. Hang on a minute. Green us! Yes, we got blue burn crap all over your shell, sir. If we need a soft-up for heaven's sake. And turn off the module, Plainer. Oh, cable. Good. God, sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with America Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bond movie. There's 60 years old. Why does your just put steam box rolling on and be done with it? Please, darling, make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in Stitch and now we have the new and now Chaman movie coming out later this time. Oh, I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yielded signs. You guys don't swing in some of these titles past me. Please. Green us! Green us! Get evil! I know you can't hear me. Green us! You're still running the bucket, please! It's a good move, sir. I'm running the bucket. Get all of your away from the tank! That blue person is up! All right. The Bizer. Yes, sir. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, I'll re-u. What do you mean? I've got done with him. What? I've done with the sir. Not the hairline storm in your job. But sir, I'm here. Can't help. Of course. They didn't have one limit in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remis. What a wonderful day! Get out of here, you nut bag! Get away, you stole it! Get in the moment! You're taking me to join your engine! You're going to join the driver! Oh no, the truck at the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. It's a full name! I think so, Disney Remis, thinking you're going to destroy the driver! Then it's time to start a car! And you're not dreaming so much! Oh, see? That's the driving mode! Two tanks at the front of the truck! Two mains at the back of the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. Think the famous thing! Then I use my phone for a while! I will find my phone! Ah, what? Where are we? They were talking! They think we had a driver! The driver saw a driver! And the driver saw a driver! They made some old things! They got a thing! We had a car! And the driver saw a car! Oh, the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door. So you just decide you need to go in the door to the door to the door. And the driver saw a driver saw a driver to the door to start the car to the door to the door to the door to the door. When you said you had a driver at the door,rar to the door,rar to the door. I don't know what's been told the moment! I don't know it's sorry I've told you but the door to the door is an emergency. He's going to the way he's going to the start. He's going to the start. He's going to the start. He's going to the start. From 42 to 560 WKM. Guess who died bad news? I don't know about that. Newsman Jean Miller, a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner for the hero, he's dead. Whoop, 76. This is one of the last things Jean Miller wrote. It says, here we were. We wrote and we certainly are not going to now. He died Friday. And so, our, and his own death notice that he wrote and he just filled in the dates. And his bio. And anyway, but that's he's working there for 48 years as reporter and editor. He's reporting, say, at least two lives. One two people of surprises and serve this community. He was the soul and the conscience of our newsroom at the hero. A somber place that he died. He coeset novice reporters turned butterfingered writers and the prize winners. He challenged senior editors when he thought they were wrong, which is pretty often. And it goes on. He recovered everything from the JFK assassination to Ali on, with the presidential follies in between from Nick Sony and Watergate to Clinton Star Report. And he liked that. Well, he'll be there. He'll be there. Yes. He'll be there. He'll be there. He was. No. Sounds vaguely familiar to me. Why? Why should we let surprises? And he's dead. This story here. This is just, I don't know. I don't want to suggest I don't believe this. All the way this from the A and P. But nevertheless, I just find so grotesque. San Jose, California, which is grotesque enough for me. Police searching the home of a convicted child molester discovered headwritten list of more than 36,000 children's names, mostly boys and codes that appeared to indicate how he abused them. 36,000? He was busy. Well, I've said to the priest, because you're used to guy like this. The priesthood. San Jose, police lieutenant Scott cornfield, described Dean Arthur Schwartzmiller, who is the other California is one of the most active child molesters we've ever seen. No, Schmidt. Police discussed this case for the first time. He used to impart to urge other victims to come forward. The chilling stash was found last month in 63 year old Schwartzmiller's home in San Jose. If one tenth of these numbers are active, we're looking at hundreds of victims in the number of states, the reason we want to tell the road about this is because we believe he's been involved in child molestations in a number of countries cornfields said. The list are written in Loupi Curves' cursive on 13,600 pages in seven multi-colored spiral bound notebooks. Headings for the logs include blonde boys, cute boys, and boys who say no. Lisa Thornberg, who lives two to earth down from Schwartzmiller's six-piece spaces for months, ever since her nine and six-year-old son came home with treats that Schwartzmiller purchased for them from an ice cream truck. After that, I told him that they could ride bikes past his husband could not go inside ever, Thornberg said, one of the chances of two people like this living on your block. Schwartzmiller's base stucco ranches a ten minute walk from at least two elementary schools. The front door was plastered with eviction notices in the landlord yesterday. Half closed blinds were via their home office and school was littered with power cords, computer-metman, he was printers, menella envelopes, and a bottle of tequila. The authority saw service in Schwartzmiller's room mate, another convicted child molester, who was wanted to violate me for all an ore gone, Fred Everett's, which charged with child molestations San Jose. Schwartzmiller was being held without bail on one kind of aggravated sexual assault in a child and six kinds of ludinal cities countered from the child, he would each kind of led you multiple victims. He was arrested in Washington State last month and sent to San Jose on June 7th, a message that was published, the fender was not returned yesterday. It's shocking to me as to use it, Sergeant Tom Sims, a supervisor of the Department's Child Explortation Division, I've never seen anything like this. Although, fully sent Schwartzmiller prisoners spent much of the past thirty years. A third of May, California has been arrested on child molestations charges in New York, Arkansas and Washington. He also served prison time on Idaho for child molestations in the late 70s, and is why an ore gone on sexual assault charges involving a minor. In the eighties of the early in Brazil, he was actually then back to Idaho to serve more time. Police believe he may have victims in Brazil and Mexico, but who's counting? How many like that? How many like that? How many like that? 36,000. 36,000. Well, I'm looking at my phone, Ernest, looks awfully. Is there any kind of like, there was a stupid clue about the market? There are no calls anyway, so don't kill back. Well, I would there be. Exactly. I'd like to do a silver and a take some and then we'll start calling again. I don't want to do that. It's just, I don't know, it's just cumbersome and awkward and, I don't know. Right. That difficult. It doesn't work well for me. This is what I'm trying to say. Because this, I'm like I said, maybe during my vacation this thing, one day I'll come in here and like, playing there will be. Right. You think? Nope. Or not as the case may be. Blind man accused of shooting in wife and daughter. A man who's relative to describe as legally blind, charged with attempted murder after allegedly shooting at his wife and daughter. Officials say, Marlana. Brandford, D. Sanford, 66 of Baker was held about Bon last night. Baker, where it handles that. I don't know. It's an extremely, well, we'll find out in the second here. It's an extreme case that Al-Okalusia County Sheriff's Office, spokeswoman, Catherine Doke. I wonder if he's kind of a married bush Doke or Okey Dokey. Right. Or Bob Sheeper. Okalusia County, but that sounds like my kind of place. Not. Sanford's wife told their communities that she came out of a bathroom to find her husband, armed with a gun and threatening kill her and himself. Sanford fired at her and then took a couple's daughter who had walked into the room. According to the rest report, Sanford's daughter, right inside of a Sanford report, continued firing the rest of the list. This is why he had a lot. The deputy, who had been sent from behind after he'd kicked in the bathroom. Doorknory the rest report. He was saying, Here is Johnny. Family members told that. He's the Sanford is legally blind. Thank goodness. And as a middle illness, neither Sanford's wife or daughter was injured. That's why I said thank God he's blind. Because otherwise, it feels like Sanford's right. That would be bad to get like shot and killed by a blind man. That would be bad. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Anything go on there. Just to give me a hint of all this. No, there's the lines written there. Yeah, what I'm talking about. Or to take where I'm going to know there's certainly nothing going on in terms of this phone situation. Probably the engineers went out to lunch. Probably having some pizza with some special on it. Right. That's punch one up. QAM hello. Another way to finish the thing is, Go up. Go up. Yep. Yeah. Okay. I guess it puts another one. QAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey. What do you think the, what's current happened when hockey comes back? You think that, um, that this whole lockout and everything is going to, uh, bring more publicity to any shell, eventually. Oh yeah, bring more publicity. And that's always really good. Bring more publicity. No. No. What do you think the attendance is going to be the first cancer's home game when they come back? Week. Week. You know what I'm talking about? So, it's 20,000. It'll be week. 60 down there for the NHL is. Good luck, you Pally. Hi. Nobody cares. Don't you understand? Nobody cares. You can't complain about that. And all these experts here are saying, well, when the league gets going again, the Florida Panthers are going to be really great because they got all these young prospects. The youngsters in the organization, with some people been here in for a lot of years. And of course, they don't care and they don't know from it. And they have no ideas on the team anyway. 20 till 1 a QAM. We got a lineup today, man. It even Hitler would be embarrassed by it. When it comes to entertainment, then it makes new Roger's Hillbudgers. That's awesome. What's with your advice? That's awesome. Yeah. The discussion with hope is that you've got to eat my short and... Did he eat? There's two things on it. Daddy, you're a loser. He's a pretty handsome heaven. And she's got his little girl. I went back home in my camp. I didn't go home. I think mommy, she's done you with plank. One experiencia's like the man who seems to be the fastest and easy man living in Japan. At one point inomatic, he the Daddy why don't you get a job Daddy he's not here I'm dropping out of high school Daddy I'm pregnant I don't know where the father is I have to turn check out I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes Hey how about adults for the riding grown I'm changing name today Dad I'm getting married again Dad that's my ass I think I have to fill in I have to be one of the things And I said I'm not sure I got a way to go I'll always Hey pop we're moving in Dad I have to move I'm a lesbian You know I can't believe that Nobody requested that with 80 million calls that we took today And the fact is now and not her father's day Right? So leave it to me and leave it to the old Fagme to come up with that Here's a fact from Robin for a Meyer subad news He's just put this on your pool Neil Diamond which I only can say Oh man Sorry about that Robert didn't give you a little more Meyer so probably I'm sure there's a real good read What is that? I don't know Maybe like that crackland rosey What is that? Anyway, I don't think we need to bother Try when I'm working It doesn't work for me unless I give my dot back I don't know how you feel I hate the I have a great doubt about my dots It's just it's out of sync I mean I'd rather be in sync Then I'll just sync and it just doesn't work for me In addition which day last hockey call That's just kind of like set me back about 23 years Don't you people get it? You silly hockey people Nobody cares even here people are going to about their lives You know? Nobody cares even a year Even in hockey The hotbed in hockey The man who started the play One lawyer One play There you go That's our hockey for today That's enough more than enough Nobody knows from it there in the first place Nobody ever talks about it Nobody cares about it The worst thing I ever did in my life And I probably was profusely Was those hockey shows The last lead into a by old cheap past Remember When I remember when I was 20 Call up this one How's the ball with that? That's right But then according to females in the studio How about all the females that he scanned off a jiffle in a pizza log In fact that's why I told them as soon as I found out where he bought that house He bought a house right across the street from a pizza log And David before we left home You do know that don't you? I need to be easy to do that because it wouldn't be far for the females It's not okay I'm getting away from him Pre-faces sex assault charges This isn't Canada, just in a lot you know that you're not alone A 55 year old Roman Catholic priest from London, Ontario has been charged with sexual offenses Involving two young boys What a shock The Norfolk County Detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police made the rest Stemming from complaints of two young males Who say they were sexually assaulted that a port dober perished Between 1995 and 2000 The boys would be between 12 and 18 at the time Charge with two constitutional assault two council sexual exploitation One kind of sexual interference and one kind of sexual touching Is constant Constanty Pony Presbuski He scheduled a period in Simcoe On July 26 And guess what? The investigation it says Is continuing I thought it was just kind of like an American thing Is that what they were trying to say in the American media blown it all out of proportion? Is that what the Vatican was saying is that give us a pack of lie right? So these things just continue Poughing up all over the place Now this is an article and it's from the BBC that I find really interesting maybe you might and maybe not All right, we'll see If you went back in time and met your teenage parents You could not split them up and prevent your birth even if you wanted to do a new quantum model has stated Right Research is speculated that time travel can occur with an a kind of a feedback loop Where backwards movement is possible But only in a way that is contemporary to our complementary to the present In other words you can pop back in time and have a look around But you can't wait to think that we'll alter the present you left behind Right? I did a new model which uses the laws of quantum mechanics It gets rid of the famous paradox surrounding time travel Where it's changed there and when we need them Although the laws of physics seem to predict temporal gymnastics The concept is leading with untuffable contradictions The main head extends from the idea that if you went back in time You could theoretically do something to change the present And that possibility messes up the whole theory of time travel Clearly the present never is changed by a mischievous time travelers People don't suddenly fade into the ether because of we run of events as prevented their births That much is obvious So either time travel is not possible or something is actually acting to prevent any backward movement from changing the present For most of us the former option might seem most likely But Einstein's general theory of relativity leads some physicists to suspect the latter According to Einstein's FaceTime can curve back on itself Theoretically allowing travelers to double back and meet younger versions of themselves And now a team of physicists from the US and Austria says the situation can only be the case If there are physical constraints acting to protect the present from changes in the past Makes sense to me Of course the researcher say these concern I mean what an intellectual article this is for a dumb show like this Yeah, but it's all pretty coincidence The researcher say these constraints uses because of the weird laws of quantum mechanics Even though traditionally they don't account for backwards movement in time Quantum behavior is governed by probabilities before something has actually been observed There are a number of possibilities regarding its state But once it's state has been measured those possibilities shrink to one Uncertainly is eliminated So if you know the present you can't change it If for example you know your father was alive today The laws of the quantum universe state that there is no possibility of him being killed in the past It's as if in some strange way the present takes a kind of all the possible roots back into the past And it cause your father certainly is alive Number of the roots back and possibly lead to his death Quantum mechanics distinguishes between something that might happen and something that did happen Professor Dan Greenberger of the city of University of New York told the BBC news website If we don't know your father's alive right now If there's only a 90% chance he is alive right now There's a chance that you can go back and kill him But if you know he's alive there's no chance you can kill him Well they're wrong Well how about if I give it a shot? Rottes for he's not alive He can't go back into the past and show your father because then you never would have been blind I am just going to end that's what I'm reading this whole article here Mr. Why are you repeating it like some kind of a moron just because I would say that they disagree In other words, even if you'd tell well if you let me finish It says but if you know he's alive there is no chance you can kill him In other words even if you take even if back you don't have no chance to kill your father So long you know he's happily sitting in a chair when you leave him in other presence You can be sure that's something will fright you from murdering him in the past It's as if it's already happened you go back to kill your father But you to ride after we left the room you wouldn't find him where you change your mind So Professor Greenberger you wouldn't be able to kill him because the very fact that he's alive today And then you can't even get him back to the room you wouldn't be able to kill him So you'll never have to take him to the past of your youth They can come up with this hogwash Are you part of it? Are they making money with this crocodile? I'm sure that somebody is some foundation, some organization, some sub-bunch of allunitics Probably a lot of Jews and a couple of goiim How could I get into that? I could make a bunch of stuff too Passengers to NCL for a hundred million dollars over rogue wave The money attorney representing passengers of a ship that was struck by a rogue wave An April-Blame der Region Cruise Line For endangering everybody on board order to get the ship back into portent time for an appearance On Donald Trump's TV show the apprentice remember that story? Yep Attorney Brett Rivkin said yesterday he has almost 300 plaintiffs in a suit file The US is recording Miami that's taking damages of a hundred million dollars NCL the Sputest claims that the ship was rushing home for a chance to be on the television show The lawsuit claims the Norwegian Dawn which carried more than 2,000 people in April 16 The morning was struck by a wave estimated at 70 feet Purposedly sailed into bed whether they get back to New York and time to appear on the hit NBC series Many of the passengers were not told about the i10Mary change until actor Gordon Machips has revkind I wonder if he's kind to share a rift kid? I'll go check Or the judge Roseanne Hughes has a passenger named in the suit Said it was her first vacation since the death of her husband It was in one of the world-class interbodies on 9-11 I truly believe the captain intentionally took his in the storm She said I thought we were going to die The large wave cracked into the ship during the storm which 20 to 30 foot away About 30 minutes Common civil windows near the top deck of the ship broke and water filled dozens of passenger rooms But there were no serious injuries I'm sure was just only blind luck when you think Right While luck We haven't no luck on the phone thing as I don't see no dots Nope And that's very disturbing to me But hey listen You know I guess you'd probably expect something on a day like today Right I'm not expecting anything Just like that Dan call from Norma came yesterday When I'm trying to have my nice lunch from my flavor wave And then this thing that they were the dots No dots No dots No dots 30080 votes on the pool boys that lame or what? There's nobody around Such as as well, they so different Nobody around Someone used to hate but like a lot now George Rodriguez 63 George your kick and ass All right, that's her Bill Clinton 51 More Howard David is 40 Neil Rogers 37 I'm right on Moses Jerry spring or 33 Howard Stern 29 Guilty 27 for a guilty They like you Little bit Bill Mar25 Tom Jones 15 Chris Rock 13 Keith Olderman 13 David Brock 12 Hey David You're fairie Uh, already bastard nine George Judy five rich walls five That means very in his mom voted a couple of times each Humphrey Bogart five and Neil diamonds got Sullivan Thayuno What comes this for? We are sure Suppose for you five six You can weigh it The one to two hour It's a phenomenon So on Guns Come on boy five and all I can't I said no It was nice fod to write Anybody the boy I thought- I'm gonna throw a spoon to the next arena. Oh, my God! This is very annoying, my life is too fast. I'm just scared of my life. Now, see here. I've never said home. I've never heard of a boy. It's about the second story. I've never said that. I'm not a boy. I'm not a boy. I'm not a boy. I'm not a boy. I'm not a boy. I'm not a boy. I'm not an boy. I'm not a boy. The boy has germs so its nice to wear. Oh my God. The boy has germs so its nice to wear. The boy has germs and the boy has dogs. At least the need for a boy to wear. In that, the boy shows his Abg is mine. The baby feels very cocky. It's not his usual appearance. He says he's asking to put the blacks on. He lives long a mile. His friends are not looking at us. And If the witch at us win us off, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh. Yep, one-most time with Dota Dota Dota Dota. It's a 1-0-3-5-60. I had to play those piggyback, you know, just handed it over to them. All right, we're in a multi-compoten me. And look how long he's doing on there two most got 41 and Yoldies got 28. I think the two co-characteries have Yeah, you're done with the audience don't you think it's a lot of religious the fact that he was the inspiration Did you say absolutely? Yeah, absolutely just the fact that he inspired the characters that he was Inspiration for them makes them like them exactly it makes them more human more lying But even that squeaky even at one see I don't really feel all I bad about this phone situation In fact that this show has gone right in a cracker because obviously listen to me this station is Flushed this day into the toilet anyway, right? Just look at his lineup. We got today, you know You got Gildy you got no hank you got no mad dog. You got no Anything we got me in mole, and that's it. That's it. So we'll hold up our end Right, go size we can hold them and that's basically all But that's this considering look at that phone and think to myself wondering what's gonna be happening here in days to come in all like down a road Like a very vacation that might be like bugged with a bunch of technical bugs You know what's on that end you just know it yeah, and you know they run around the grabbing Stuff and screwed right I don't know what they're doing outside of these studios. Yeah Inside nothing I see well, it's not an inside thing right they got to get down there with a phone company And what this one and that one and pass it by boopas and see who's got lupas and call up Bob Vermouth Let's send his ass back to Amsterdam. What do you say nice job in Amsterdam by the way Bob and guess what my landlord and his wife still hates you? Although my landlord he wasn't exactly your classy guy, but nevertheless Especially got what all his money that was wearing that old coat that he found in the dumpster somewhere here is the Walmart story Walmart officials in cross lanes Told employees on Tuesday. They'll have to start working practically any shift any day that the rest Even if they built up years of senior redeemed canterranged child care This is in Charleston South Carolina all right like that store management said the oh wait to hear this name Store management said the policy changes needed to keep enough state of the disease Now is but some employees said it appears to be an attempt to force out longer term higher paid workers You're following the bouncing ball at ball smart We'd have many people with set schedules who aren't here when we need them for a customer said John knuckles a Manager at the store where he's your got some brass Which is located in the nitro market place shopping center employees more than 400 people's it is to take care of the customers That's the only reason he said workers who have regular shifts at the store for years now Have to commit to being available for any shift from 7 a.m. or 11 p.m. seven days a week if they can't make the commitment by the end of this week They're gonna be fired did it did it did it It shouldn't cause any problem if they are concerned about their customers knuckles said Several single mothers working at the store have no choice now, but to quit said one employee who wouldn't give a name for fear of retribution My daycare closes at six. My babysitter can't work five said the employee mother or two who's been a cashier from more than three years Neither of the services is available over a weekend. She has I have to be terminated I don't know what I'm gonna do Walmart is supposed to be a family oriented company But kids don't matter the worker said along with the open availability policy the stores requiring all floor employees So learn how to run cash register several employees in they suspect this is an intent to brace for the departure of many of the employees who now work as cashiers In other words, when you doubt let's squeeze a bunch of people out AKA The Walmart F and way joyous in way not incredible not very credible very Very typical what do we hate them like poison five six seven oh five six you might pop a call or two on here this time not really sure There you go, no, not another one. No, okay one more would be good QAM Yes, sir, so the sale sounds like me. Yeah, yeah, no, how you doing buddy great Yes, I don't know if you've heard but this is this is something that I heard yesterday This is the ultimate in and then taking advantage in the situation. I love your but that Jeff Bush is now Trying to investigate Something that has a back in 1990. I think we're a I had a story on an hour go, sir. I talked about that. Okay. Well, I just About Terry and her she was just one let it go. They had the autopsy they investigated every selling her body And they completely exonerated the husband and yet this this lunatic this fat ass governor just will not let it go Well, I mean, but it's obvious that the reason he's doing this is taking advantage of situation and now You know Bring life back on to that and it's just ridiculous. Yeah, just panicking again to the same lunatic that he was panicking to be for You know, or something politically I hope he keeps it up because it blew up at his face the first time It's going to do the same thing again. All right. Well. I just wanted to know if you had heard about that So I guess you did good like what's spelling. Okay, all right. Well 102 and Ben. Oh look at what just popped up there the big red axis is Assistant producer is not currently connected to a silver No, sorry, I'd be like that. Oh CNN there's this story and I'd say your molester's safe as well as in Victims who Right Dean Schwarz Miller. I wonder if he's given to the governor out there California Arnold Schwarzenegger Bill fist speaking of fascists speaking of lunatic speaking of Bible thumbing right wing crazy Normal dangerous people Bill fist sentimentivity leader in a leading GOP candidate for president in 2008 what a thought that is is making a killing off the big bush dividend Tascada and actually while he was running the Senate the 2000s read legislation dropped the tax on dividends from 35 to 15 percent in the latest round of Senate financial disclosures fist of Tennessee imported earnings of up to five Dollars from the WH first 2000 qualified blind trust five dollars. No, I think that means five the assets in this trust are valued. Oh, I see He reported earnings of up to five dollars the assets in the trust are valued from five to 25 million First has another trust color where the me first EST exemption 2000 qualified blind trust. It's valued at one to five million dollars. Other members of America's Richest of them making money handover first to report show South Dakota's newly elected Republican Senator John Tune Who gave up his lobbying job to be Senator got over 231 grand from the Thun group Alaska Senator Ted Stevens who has the powerful commerce committee and is a key player in energy policy Reportedly Ted Stevens blind trust at one to five million dollars listed in oil and Tristan Oklahoma city is value between 50 and 100,000 is credit union account was valued between 250,000 and a half a million Democrats were also in fat city John Corzine of New Jersey you oppose the Bush tax cuts Listed holdings in his former employer Goldman Sachs at between 25 and 50 million dollars would dividends of a hundred thousand Million dollars first by the way first fist reported by less than 15 thousand dollars were the stock in the Southern Donut chain crispy cream and he put somewhere under 15 granted to hospitals his father and brother ran HCA the hospital corporation of America the nation's biggest hospital chain which was once charged with Overbilling the government the case was settled in 2002 for 1.7 billion dollars I just mentioned that in passing it says the headline on the story Senator equal fat can speak in a cat Yeah, do you see about the cat with a two faces no for second there I thought it said two feces Well, I'm still thinking about that pizza pie Roseburg or a gun a newborn kitty recently entered the world with two faces and hopefully at least nine lives I think would have like 18 lives now when you Gemini was born Sunday with two miles two times two doses and four eyes oh if it's got two faces It could work in ourselves department. I kind of feel sorry for it because I can't know for a fact She's gonna live or die it's gonna leave blue tear of glide or gone glide told the news review If she makes it she should be a perfect normal healthy cat other than having two faces or has low Christie Well, he need him I could kill him Roseburg veterinary Allen Ross or examine the kitten on Tuesday It Kitten does survive. I need surgery to move the extra tissue between its two miles. Oh, I can you believe that Kind of this is a talking kitty too. You know the first thing I've said I got two That's what it said Blue tear has been breeding different kinds of animals starting with dogs since 1980 roughly three years ago She discovered litter a smaller than normal kitten she calls miniature cats She now has plenty to market the miniature cats which go to about four pounds on the internet Jim and I was born to a miniature mother and a full-size father Like that miniature cats Yeah, yes, I'll cut the lines over to that that thing came off again. It says not connected to a server Well, maybe they're doing something you think you think the fact that keeps popping up there like that means something no No, I don't either I made it go away though 13-pass one at five 60 WQ. I we got the Mortoening more Howard David it did it to the Dway man and then we got Joseph Gackie four time our tz 7 and Marlon's baseball after that at the Los Angeles Angels of Anahon California hey the Emerald Coast still as slow to number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagad restaurant view and everybody who eats there You ask for it and I'll every Friday through Sunday night Lobster fest is back by pop your demand at the Emerald Coast featuring main lobster served thermodore style And you can still enjoy craft fest every night with last-kin snow crab legs Dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs Man you still includes fresh oysters on the half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 Different items and addition the Emerald Coast has got handcar primary and from their flaming grilled delicious juicy Second live New York steaks cooked to order just the way you love them top off your feast at the Emerald Coast with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate Fatten where it can end if you're on strawberries Marshmallows and lots of other decadent treats don't forget the Emerald Coast for most healthy living no MSG no cornstarch No crap they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free canola oil so both your reservations of Unremald Coast Relocations they're in sunrise sunny hours beach in Pembro Pines for the Emerald Coast nine five four five seven two thirty eight Twenty two lots of invitators, but there's nothing like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet when it comes to sports School for your five six The church John Ferry and the taxi kind of a terrible problem You look that mean so quescalary I could know he was in the dark So I acted out my pop sure aid and with my arms the trees are made No bug speaks English and a mongol I went down to my yeah, I met bridge where the weather is nice and sunny I walked into a little dust dog with a guy that's hot real fun I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not the end of what does that mean? But it's too English I got him all That's the toilet there Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's taking with smelly Are you gonna go back to the right I came here You go I Don't say much as drossies I say pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick You're an American now stop making me Dude But it's dangerous Man I'm gonna keep like when I came for just a second there I thought we're making some serious progress You know I'm my clock in right down there for a minute and it was like moving along and it just disappeared I got it so I'm a bigger part. I got it all excited Sorry rebooted thinking that well maybe there's something happening now and I just need to be booted And it came back on and guess what? Not even the clock mill mole well the clock disappeared One mole time and I rebooted it and nothing's going on not even a little clock So it's definitely on that end man. They're trying very hard like send it out They're trying probably at the window like trying to like shovel it out. Yeah in this direction Maybe they're shifting in the wrong direction you know like soft maybe they're sending it to Cuba Speaking of that but you take a plane But it shouldn't happen in here no more which is very sad what a what a way to like you know in this This season this full-time season of ours very sad but I think it's kind of appropriate Public health advocate cyber like I've risked notice on potato chip bags Have you noticed that no public health attorneys in California have potato chip makers in their sites for now Listening to cancer cars in chemical president many brands of potato chip Missing isn't passing that chemical is a cr<|ca|>ide It's an industrial chemical used in plastics pesticides and sewage treatment that can also occur when Starchy foods such as chips are processed or is that processed in high temperatures the WHO has said at cr<|ca|>ide Maybe responsible for up to a third of all cancers caused by diet as demonstrated by lab animal studies You hear that let me read that again the WH oh has said a cr<|ca|>ide maybe responsible for up to a third of all cancers caused by diet as Denonstrated by lab animal studies a cr<|ca|>ide is already on California's list of chemicals known to cause cancer But some chip makers have a listen done their product packaging is required by proposition 65 statute in that state The attorneys and file prop 65 notices with the manufacturers of laser Pringles cattle chips and Cape cod chips But you like better Cape cod chips are copies of the chip research show these brands have unsafe levels are cr<|ca|>ide Some of their chip varieties the study looked at one ounce of rings which range from elected to 20 ships depending on a brand and In terms of the accolade content was substantially more than the 0.2 micrograms for a day amount which prompts the Prop 65 warning The brands tested and cited for high levels of accolade are laser baked Lays stacked barbecue Lays Casey masterpiece Lays natural country barbecue Lays like Casey barbecue masterpiece Pringles snacks stacks pizza licious flavor Pringles sweet mosquito barbecue Kettleships slightly salted is making me hungry Kettleships un ED genre Cape cod robots russon and Cape cod classic chips Process food manufacturers every importantly has governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for an exemption of Prop 65 labeling for foods with carcinogens caused by heat processing the governor's office expected amounts of decision by August When I see how much how big the bag of money is that comes in from the food man's back You know he's got lots of money, but nevertheless, you know never have too much other clock is back. Oh, oh It's all we know don't touch it any day. What do you mean by that? Well, you don't go reset and maybe it's on it's ways of where you think Something's happening to clocks just came back like spontaneously man. This is exciting Wouldn't be great if we got some calls on everybody in the show Huh, I mean we could take some now your way that you know Kick in an old style, but I rather hit a new style I got right out to window the clock unfortunately. There was not you know how they has got a little green dots Right, our ears moving yeah, yeah, mine aren't Huh mine says 12 oh Little off of these 640 something and it's just like stuck right there, but at least it's showing up again now So obviously and I see that couldn't happen spontaneously unless something was happening outside of this room You see follow on them saying hi that there you go. So once again for the evening at time I've taken real situation is outside of my control But what can I say now we were talking to you today about your favorite former gambling yesterday? Did we have bridge on that pole? Yeah, we did keep it last or close to it didn't it that was pretty weak good But this this is shocking and it's very bad news and tells you maybe one of the things that's wrong with America Polka was the hotcar game at the moment, but it's fans had nothing on bridge players when it comes to devotion And a survey of bridge buffs nearly half of them said if they were stranded on the desert island They'd rather have three fellow bridge players than the next word who could help their predicament According to the American contract bridge league, I've actually never heard of that before Oh, no, that's to know what I mean the American contract bridge league 42% of those pulled around three bridge players with him compared with 19% And preferred Tom Hanks for their survival skills he exhibited in the film cast away. Oh, God Been stranded on the desert island with Tom Hanks. No thanks the late oceanographer Jacques Cousteau was chosen by 15% of the survey connected by equation research Bridge which claimed such high profile of his unit was his bill gates. Oh, there you go Is that answer a lot of your questions sir? Once enjoyed widespread popularity my mother used to play bridge and look at her now Six decades ago more than 40% of US households played the game according to the bridge league about 25 and 25 million Americans played bridge now the 160,000 member league said participate in online league sanction games This isn't by more than a five thousand month of the past year up to 17,500 who are playing bridge online Is that incredible or what? I think they need to go to the George Washington bridge with the bridge tender and take a good leap is what they need at least I mean we really hold them too. I shouldn't have mentioned what in holders that bridge back memories of network to Joshua Whenever we were slept to that part right in the beginning. Oh, I saw the beginning where he talked me about taking me to the foot of the George Washington bridge right And it got better from there but Josh hated it and we just it's just not his thing that's all at least you like to live or instead was good He liked the fact that I you know got weak and a to pine a hog and does the animatious today He just he was crawling from that. He's just you for a kebada. Well, I you know considering you said you were gonna wait till after the summer vacation I mean, right a little well, but I was it was one of those stress things, you know Sometimes in most stress if you I got no Why do you Are you among the millions suffering from tension stress or occasional boredom? Well now this help with weed from 420 pharmaceuticals ask your doctor if we this right for you Positive side effects of weed into coughing we've gotten about 7 first high eyes giga-lantern England hunger pangs a deeper appreciation of cartoon 20s playing for sph and downloading fish concerts from 1997 relaxation is in the bag with weed right 22 guess what what oh Oh, debit. No, I was very clever. Apparently we're sealed by the judge. Oh, no. Apparently we're not right. By the judge, but the metal examiner has the stability to get this information about the time that could be anywhere. In fact, I salute a Tick you. You may be asked to, you may have promised between when Terry Shivoh collapsed and when the 911 call was made. So now he's also acting like is the state DA. He's very Mason. He's very Mason. You're far away from your pardon? Speaking of time travel. He's going to go back in time and find out what happened. Even a son said on the website, it's got a sarcastic headline as is 15 years later. Let me find it on here. 15 years later, the governor wants to investigate in red. Yeah, 15 years later, Governor Bush wants to re-shyvel a 911 call. And I will one call and investigate it. I mean, just let's waste a more of the taxpayers money. Let's just keep that voting attention from what really. I mean, it is such a good job of hiding all the other stuff in the background with his damn Terry and her she went on for weeks. Maybe they could do the same thing. Maybe he had a call from Alfred and Tay from old bro. You know, a bro. Let's see if we can't whip up that Terry and her she was. This again, did a good job the first time. I think it rhymes with bro the answer to the question. Oh, no, nobody cares. No, we heard enough. I heard the autopsy yesterday, even that was really very fond of risk. That's it. And I still think that the husband ought to sue Jeb Bush and instead of floater flight, maybe $4 trillion as long as I don't have to pay any of it. Right. Right. Oh, look at that. There's the clock. It's still frozen. What? I just want to keep you on it. Let me show the red. Yeah, that's right. This is just like that quantum history of the middle. We're just spitted our wheels and time. Here's a bad story from Iraq. The US military charged the staff sergeant from the New York National Guard with murdering his two commanders at a base outside Baghdad. And what's believed to be the first case of an American soldier in Iraq accused of killing his appears. The military initially concluded that the June 7th deaths of Captain Philip T.S. Bezito of Suffer, New York and first lieutenant Louis E. Allen of Milford, Pennsylvania, were caused by a mortar round, but this week the military charged staff sergeant Alberto B. Martinez of Troy, New York, with two consipimentated murder according to a statement issued in Baghdad yesterday. Martinez 37 is a supply specialist with a headquarters company of the 47th infantry division New York Army National Guard, S. Zito 30, I'm not even going to play that in bad taste. S. Zito 30 in the father of one year old girl was a company commander and Allen 34 and father of four was a company operations officer. The fragging incident. Have you ever heard that before? Last night of the news, they were explaining fragging. Oh, I've heard of a written and freaking, but I've heard of fragging. Well, the fragging incident occurred near to Crete, sat in one of the same hometown of E. Miles North of Baghdad. At forward operating base danger, what used to be one of the ousted, Iraqi leaders palaces on the banks of the Tigris River, fracking his attorneys to be first to soldiers killing their superiors. The military initially concluded the commanders were killed by indirect fire on the base. A criminal investigation was long enough for his determined at the blast pattern that the scene was inconsistent with the mortar attack. Martinez is believed to have allegedly used some kind of explosive device, possibly a grenade in the attack. How do you like that? I don't lose in a man, but nevertheless, I got a great David Corn column here, a corn top, okay. It's a little on the long sabb, and I have time to read it. You don't want to say? Or? Unless all of a sudden the dots would come back on here, because I'm sure not taking anymore. Maybe we'll do the break a little tiny bit early, and then after the break I'll do this, it's about the latest downing street memos. Okay, there are no tickets. It's a little bit more important than hearing. What ever is going to be on here? Or please, please. Or whatever else? Say a picture of him, by the way. Of who? Can Ron, Prozac Ron? No one knownly. Oh no. You're going to ruin my vacation. First of all, he's normal, can't not go back to Prozac Ron. Oh, I feel lunch coming up. Haven't even eaten yet. Okay, so like I said, now what was I going to do? Oh yeah, take a quick call or two. QAM, hello. QAM. This is really one. Hi, man. We got a meal. Yes sir. I ordered one of those olden that you talked about. I'm not chronic. Yes sir. I'm sure. One more. Pretty good. I know he's a good guy. You have to be defensive. No, no, no, no. I don't want to be like Charlie the tuna. Okay. Okay. Listen, wait out or glass or what? What is made out of? What made out of glass? The on the on the internet, he shows like transparent. What do you talk about the flavor wave you're talking? Yeah, yeah. No, the bottom is made out of glass. The base. But the rest of it is a plastic. It's a hard plastic thing with the cooking element on top. Right. And the and a rack. There's only like four or five parts to it. What's the difference between that and far as your flavor of the food? Between that and the regular own. Oh, it's just much better. Just cooks it. I don't know. Just the way it cooks it. Okay. Because I won't be able to go out anymore. I just converted last Vegas. Yeah. And I was there. Six nine which were four night too many. Right. The same way the zero goes to Vegas for six nights. The zero is the loser. I think I'm going to get an advice. You save you a lot of cash. But I tell you once in I played the machines by the way, I play in the what they call the high level Roon and the wind. Oh, no. Which I tell you is the most fantastic. A hotel that I have ever been. Were which one? The wind. The Steve wind. The new hotel. Oh, the brand one. Right. Right next to the Venice across. Steve when you lose. The material. The place is incredible. And I played that following you. See, I got killed in the wheel. Oh, for you. I did. Did you really? Well, what you play for $5. How long did you take it to get destroyed? Hey, that's why I don't play the fight. I want to see more. I've done very well on her a few times. No. You get a cool machine. I got serious problem. I did very well in the in the made up wall machine. Yeah. And the real important. I got 11. It spins. Right. Made out of $5. 11. And that was in six days. No, no. One shot. 11. Yeah. I got 110. Well, there you go. That's kind of a message. When that 100 bucks comes up on the final. I'm machine. It's like a message saying, find something else to play soccer. Don't burn your meat. But if you go there, try to stay in that hotel. I would rip. I would tell you that you know they would say how to sleep for it. He went and you lose. Okay. Okay. I give you 20 fun kills. You're a good. I give you 20 fun kills. Thank you. What it comes to is a cheat. It's real much. You're watching. Who's pretty or five? Oh. Yeah. Tell. Oh my God. And five six. Oh. W. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Thank you. Thank you. L and then. good. Good. Good. Good. Good wish. Intermission.isu. Way. Out. Gotta wish. My. Can I have the time up to you bro keep? L has your home from midday.good. Should be gay. Don't . He  Breath Aus the long heb Wasn't rez Wrist There Ezza Bank l Lamb Of Fire Joring eye P CHARACTER People say yes! While SuJia. Gritz restoration rat the way. Kimandero nill Thats mortal is restorers of his house. I make So far the most of sometime you are protecting his power. Let's make the The King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of The King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King, the King, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, Lord of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the King of Egypt, the Marius. Okay, one point is six, four, two, two, three. Moved to the judge's attack. He blows him, throw him, and all in our toes. Seven more than space for all later on. Okay, here's the David Cornelation. The latest downing stream, Memos. New downing stream, Memos, keep popping up. A recent day, several confidence in my most written by senior officials in Tony Blair's Governor March 2002 have garnered attention after downing street dot org has all been posted. These records first obtained by Michael Smith, a British journalist, formerly working at the David Telegram, and now with the Sunday Times of London provide more evidence that Bush's case was less than convincing for his number one ally. They also illustrate the hubris that drove Blair in his wartime partnership with George W. The first is now in from his downing street memo, chronicle the high level breaching for Blair that occurred in July 2002. During which the head of British intelligence said Bush was already committed to war, and intelligence in fact were being fixed around the policy, and during which foreign minister Jack Staurrey ported the WMD case for war was thin. Months before the secret meeting, British officials were already sharing similar sentiments among themselves, not with the public, of course. In March 22, 2002 memo for a straw, Peter Rickins political director Britain's Foreign Service noted that even the best survey of a rash WMD programs will not show much advance in recent years on the nuclear missile or chemical weapons biological weapons fronts. He also reported that the U.S. scrambling to establish a link between the Iraq and Al Qaeda is so far, frankly, unconvincing. A March 8, 2002 options paper prepared by Blair's National Security, it's not an authority, it's not an authority that arrest nuclear weapons program was effectively frozen. It's missile programs severely restricted, and its chemical and biological weapons programs hindered. Sodom was sent a report that is not succeeded in seriously threatening his neighbors. The paper also said the intelligence and Iraq's opposed WMD program was poor. It noted that there was no reason evidence of Iraqi ties to Al Qaeda. All of this, all of these things covered in quote, Bush told Americans before the invasion of Iraq. He and his A's plan that Iraq had reconsited to its nuclear weapons program that was then was producing and startpiling biological chemical weapons that Baghdad was in Kuhutsu without Qaeda, and that the intelligence obtained by the U.S. not a government presumably including the British left no doubt that Iraq posted a direct WMD threat to the U.S. The British memos are further evidence that Bush overstated the main reasons for the war. They also show that his key line of defense is bunk. When confronted with questions about the lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Bush and his allies have consistently pointed to bad intelligence. But the previously released downing street memos and the new ones came to the brits who had access to the P. War intelligence saw that the WMD case based on that intelligence was as Jack Strav's observed week. One might ask why did they have such a different take than the one that Bush shared with the public. These memos demonstrate that the issue was not what their Bush was unwittingly duped by bad intelligence. No Bush tried to sell lousy or thin intelligence as the basis for the war he desired. According to the new documents, the brits saw through this, but they didn't share the inform perspective with the British public, instead they went along for the ride. Why did Blair join with Bush presumably for several reasons? The memos do show that Blair gang was worried about Saddam Hussein and WMD's despite realizing that Bush was hyping the threat, but the Rickets' memos suggest Blair settled up with Bush partly so it could steer the American president. In this memo entitled advice for the Prime Minister, Rickets wrote, by sharing Bush's broad objective, the Prime Minister can help shape how it's defined and the approach to achieving it. In the process he can bring home to Bush some of the realities which will be less evident from Washington, he can help Bush make good decisions by telling him things that his own machine probably won't. Rickets was essentially saying that Bush was not fully attached to reality and that his own machine was not providing him all the necessary information. What a harsh indictment of a partner in war. Rickets feared that Bush consequently would make rotten decisions about the war in Iraq, but Rickets noted Blair could be a positive influence by spelling out the realities for Bush. Blair, though, could only do this if he was with the program. This is a chilling passage. It illuminates the arrogance of the blurrites because they knew better that they not an fully informed president. They assumed they could nudge Bush in the appropriate direction. But they were signing up for war led by a man whom they believed was not in sync with the reality and who couldn't be trusted to wage a war properly on his own. What he was on the part of the Blair team, feeding superior to Bush they felt they would be the tail that would wag the dog, the Blair ended up with a war based on an authentic claim that is yielded an enormous mess, and the fellow in charge of finding way out of his jam is a guy whose own machine keeps reality from him. Conservatives, some editors in the established media, and even the usually smart columnist Michael Kinzley, have dismissed the significance and newsworthiness of the Downing Street memos. But these documents afford the public more extensive view of the misrepresentations Bush deployed the Greece to wait a war, and the illustrator, Sirius Dauce, the Britsett, considering the lead arguments for war and, concerning the man who was making those arguments. If only the Downing Street documents could be augmented by a similar set of Pennsylvania Avenue memos. Right, David Corn in the Nation. Alright, that website after Downing Street.org, you can read all the Downing Street memos, the whole, all of these, all of these things. Sorry, those liberal lies from those, all those comic-pink-o-lies, that's right. So old news, it's all re-hashed, right, all that stuff. That's what they'll tell you. Okay, how's that pull coming, George? Just thinking, hey, don't forget, be a friend of George, this summer, okay? Be a friend of Michael, okay? And Uncle Oficion with the Frito. Someone you used to hate for like a lot now, George Rodriguez, George is kicking ass! 77, sunset, so I was speaking of 77, WABC. Cousin Broussey was on NBC News last night. Okay, maybe so sad. He'll say, so we're talking about a old code living in the past. You're living in the past, Broussey. You old code, you old fogey you. George 77, Bill Clinton, 59, you're Rogers 54 days to hate me like poison, and now, and, how are David at 46? Nice going, no. Jerry, Speaker 43, Howard, Stern, 34, Bill Mar 31, even squeaking yelled at. 31, they love him. They love the old squeak. Tom Jones, 20. David Brock, 19. Old dirty's got 17. Pretty soon, we'll have, he'll have. About 30 men. Chris Rock, 16, Keith Obermann, 16. George duty, who were that pussy, eight, rich, Walt seven. Oh yeah. How pretty, Logan R. 5, and Neil Diamond, I regret to say, has got full. They've got, in theaters now, McColley Colkan stars in home alone with Michael Jackson. Do you know the love you think you're doing to share your beard with someone? I don't think so. It's great. Come on, get me. Roda. You're thinking so. You know about him, he likes to bend. He'll feel over me. I know what you're doing. How are we, Father? What can you share you with me? I'm more mean. I cannot handle this too much. Sure. Okay. Come and get me. I showed it. He's dislocated. Oh, my Lord. With Michael Jackson. I want to see you again for the rest of my whole life. Yo, my Lord. Think, oh. Oh, you have a fork. What the hell's the minor, honey? I'm not your cry. You should have like your cry. I'm thinking about aliens. Then can that begin? I am aliens. You've been kidnapped by aliens. Where did I do them to kill? I'm taking you. I'm looking for keys. Albuquerque. That in America. Where is it? In Mexico. Where? In Mexico. Albuquerque. Yes. I was in Georgia. No, no, no, Mexico. Okay. I don't believe you. You don't have to lie to me. I want to get married. I really do. I was kicked out by aliens. I don't believe you. I think I showed her. Think it's your hair. Oh, you say short hairy, middle-lock, red sea, gray short. Oh, long is a nice. The longer-lock bobby-o. Oh, never does it make it your day. I don't know. I'm going to say the love. Never love it. Yeah. Can you get me a scorpion? What? A scorpion? A scorpion? A scorpion? What? Blueberry wolf. I just think I'm not. I think it's your scorpion. All right, I'll get a Michelle. You really been kidnapped, honey? I was very, very into the blue man. Aliens dropped the blue man. Yes. Like a Chevy man? No. Did a Ford? No. What kind of man is that? What? Did a guy get a man? Did they do anything to me? Did they probe you? No. Offakes? No? Pridius? No. My dear, please. No, you! You can't get him! I'm not coming, I won't throw this at seven-11! You don't want to murder me, do you? No. What? No, I don't. I don't dare. I don't care, you can come home. I'm not coming home. Come on. Blueberry wolf. I'm coming home.