I was like, you know the mouse? What? That's not true. I'm so shocked. Good. Thank God. I was talking about how to wrap this. I was talking about how miraculous it is that the internet, which was off the three days, miraculously, is repaired 15 minutes before you come on a year. The record is over. Yes, right. The rest of this kid did it. It was the dump myster and came in a waste. Our waive is magic wand. You're fairly, and all of a sudden, but a big one. That's what you were. It was waiting something around. Oh, no. What are we going to do about those Israelis, by the way? Um, you know, a car's car with that one. Yeah. I wasn't talking about that today. What? Is really? Yeah. I heard it's very important, even though it's had nothing to do with my thing about some of a shy isn't he Israeli? You're a board-off producer, whatever he is. He is Israeli extraction. Well, how's it? I had an experience of woodbind with a group of Israelis that were so disgusting and loud and obnoxious and pushy and just all. I'm very aggressive people. Aggressive my ass. So, you know, the old line that they were going to put in there for a while. Oh, hey, visit Israel before it visits you. Yeah, right. Man, oh, man, pushy and just all over my back and all over, uh, just disgusting. I don't want to tell a little story eventually. I don't want to take up your favorable time with it. Wait a minute, we're on your time now. Oh, that's right. Like I said, I'll see you. Yeah, thank God. We got that phone fake. I wasn't looking too promising. I was thinking about going back to Dublin. I came into this morning about 820. This place is good. This place. For accident, we need to happen. Four days would know internet. Four. Yep. Mm-hmm. And I mean, you know, this part of this operation depends on the dissemination of news in a certain area. But the dissemination of news? Yeah, the ZF star. Was it a whole new change? Oh, I see. So I also understand we have a little problem with the direct TV to a winner-faving paid their grill on that thing. Oh, that's out too. I do believe. I don't know as long as they get that the univision weather grill on, we're okay. And then this week we got the hockey deal finally. I just just forget about it already. When you're pleased, all your hockey people are not perfect at it now. Wow, the thing is used. You're not doing that. So I won't even, I was prepared to bring it up with you at some point, but don't. They're not into it. So I'll even waste our time on the last two years. I'll just do it. It's a jerk caram. It's just talk about getting a lead down the garden and pan, man. Players play it up 24% of the salary and really just share. See, the whole thing is based on trying to keep alive a bunch of phony franchises. That's what sports become so. You're including the Florida pan tonight, bud. I think you could apply that to baseball. Yeah. The franchises that have absolutely no reason to exist anymore. Yep. The money they aren't drawing people. The word Florida come. They don't even like, you know, buffalo and Pittsburgh franchises have been around for a long time. If they just, they can't support it. They just, the markets are too small. Yep. And I don't know. I guess there was also the fact that they keep moving into some gull the areas. Right. They're not supported. Like Atlanta where they failed the first time and they come back for second time. Like Nashville and like Florida and like Carolina. Nothing could be fine if into what get out of Carolina. So the answer to all of it, all of this is add more franchise. That's a best of great ideas. Instead of 31, I don't have 100. And then they all make the playoffs. Yes. Gonna get our Supreme Court dressed as a pointy day. Looks like this woman is a fellow attorney. I'm a guy to hear somewhere. Let's see. Her name is Edith Clement. She's a US court of appeal to agent Nolene. And of course, it's been accelerated not because they wanted to cover up the Carl Robber's name. That is why they were celebrated. Yeah, I thought he was going to take his time on this. That was the worst thing I've ever done. I'd be quite a surgeon to get to this on the agenda right now. Friday was going to take his time. And today it's, or yesterday, oh, we got to do it right away. Exactly. Kind of a cover up. That's an ongoing thing in that. Well, let's see. That was telling you a week from the tomorrow. Let's see. Next Wednesday is a 27th. 27th is the book comes out to the Supreme Book. Oh, I'm really looking forward to that. What does that mean? Well, I had two, two else think of trends. Yeah. Also the odds are that two for a shot. Right. Do for a good shot. Well, see. What do you want me to say? What do I know? I don't want you to say anything, whatever it will be, that's the way it is. Now, if you'd speak of the, uh, thinking of a party, I'll be showing you. Who's it up there? I would do what? Oh, yeah. Speak it in the right line. Oh, I was on that show there. Oh, I'm going back to the gate. You're sitting in the gate county right now. Yeah. What thing here, man? The all-spicking wish. So I should move up there. My numbers are going up. Even that is really group. Actually, we're not speaking English. We're talking in Hebrew. And just, oh, man, I just, oh, can't even explain you how obnoxious and disgusting. And the woman, the reason that this all transpired is that it was very early in the morning. There were only two of us playing me. That's sort of very nice lady. See, just to the thousand bucks on the wheel. And she said they're waiting to get paid. And oh, and mussel club here comes this guy with his entourage. Mussel club. And she was very impressed by that because she was Jewish. So obviously she was easy. Oh, are you Jewish? Yeah, I'm ready. But bring me a bud mood. But am I in there all Jewish? And they're all, you know, you listen to the plunder being obnoxious about it. And now they all sit down and they're like putting on this disgusting act. Next to me, the two machines to my left were to say, nobody playing. And they're not playing either of this sitting there taking off space and powering over my shoulder and her shoulder. And it brings clarity. Finally, I've been over to her and I said, I could speak some words. Yeah, to them too, but not the word to you. And oh, are you Jewish too? I said, yeah, but what does that have to do with being Israeli? So just say, taxabois. And then she says, she says, oh, but they have to be very aggressive over there. You know, they just have to learn. I said, what does that have to see? This is the thing about ethnic. You know, they're all saying about birds of a feather flock together. Yeah. That's exactly correct. So they're going to raise Cubans in Miami, whether it's Jews from anywhere, whether it's blacks with OJ and everything is a racial thing. Birds of a feather stick together and just makes me want to barf. God. I said to her, I said, what's there, you know, what does that have to do with the way you behave in public? The fact that they have to be aggressive. First of all, they're not over there right now. They're here. Number one. Number two, that's just an excuse for a rude barbaric behavior. So I think of what by number, I'm going to oversee a contest. The most, the most obnoxious ethnic group, whether it's the, the courage-labored Indian crowd, whether it's the Russians, or also the old Italians, also loud enough, not just, we're not the Israelis. So if they're being hit into the ring, it's from their kittal into the ring. Is there any kind of Islamic population up there? Are you kidding me? He's the, any kind of Islamic population? Holy, holy man, you never, you never got the cad here? Oh yeah, well, that's everywhere. The cad drivers? Well, believe me. We've got terrorists in waiting all over the place. And see, that's the thing. That's why people are so stupid. Like, we saw the pictures of these four guys in London, you know? Yeah. And they're, they're easy in people who are looking just like that. They're looking exactly like that, or like the 19 on the 911, that crowd. I mean, so, how do you know by looking at somebody, right? Of course, the British would have written intelligence over there and I said, oh, yeah, we looked at the Among guys and he said it wasn't worth pursuing, and then they lowered the entire Rellerton, June. Tell me if you were to write that top of it. When you get on airplane today, do you? They should look at the people who are getting on the plane more. Not anymore. And I would say for about a year after 911, somebody here, I looked very with the three-race eyebrows at all of the people. I would survey each one of them and think to myself, oh, oh, that was like a terrorist to me. I still have a tendency to do that. Yeah, I travel so much. Yeah, I went, I get on the plane. I'm watching these people, we honestly, well, I handle this guy. Yeah. I'm done. I'm finished. Not a camera-side girl, Martin is, oh no. But he doesn't look like a terrorist. He's a chicken foot. Yeah. Well, things are in in high allium. Well, what's happening? I wouldn't know. I haven't been the highly. There are two places I haven't been to in several years. Yeah. I've been highly a since that incident with Bro. And I also haven't been south of Carl Gable since Andrew. And that's a good idea. No, no, no. What's happening with a slapping, enclosing before we run into my first break here? What's happening with a slapping? Nothing, nothing recent. There's no new way. How is that possible of such 20-foot July tomorrow? I haven't seen the word or heard a word about it. So, I keep scouring the internet to see if I can find anything. I can't even scar you in it. I've been standing out here. It's been down over there. I've been standing out here. It's not the sound back. So now you've got it back. It's leaving me. It's all you. Has okay. Tough way to remind you of mine. Yeah. Just like that. There he is. And the line, too. Right. Well, listen, it's Tuesday. So you probably have a pretty good dissurbing place. It even plunged your guts on Tuesday. No, I'm fine. You've got some new television today. What is that? Will you buy an TV? Yeah. What kind? I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. He's at the, of course. Yes, definitely. He's at the, the guy's coming over from sound advice. To make sure I get something that fits the, Well, what a brand. I'm not talking about the size. What a brand. It's saying something. Oh, I miss a bushings. Oh. And what time is this going to be? Well, actually, I'm looking at too. I'm looking at a Mitsubishi. And I'm looking at a Sony. Let me just, oh, the Sony is, it's not HD. What are they call a Sony thing? Yeah, I'm, I want, I told them I want HD. Where do they call that, George? I don't know. They'll do. Yeah, you do. Bill. Philadelphia Parkage, 1225, College of 144 Eary. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, that peri meadows mountain near Park, Harness racing from Mohawk at 720 Georgian Bounds in Australia since Languand tonight. Let me tell you some, I have a weapon in my pocket, okay? Really? Yes. I haven't, I haven't. I haven't. I haven't. And you hear the one. Anyway, I haven't sick it from Sunday. Yeah, from Hollywood. I left early. And I hit the late picture there for four digits. Really? Yeah. So it's a signer. So I, when I go back to sign, I'll be fine. Or the vacation will be signed. Yeah, but I'm going to wait for sign. I'm not going out there during the week. Did I mention you do not ever go, I think I originally How did you do go there? Don't ever go to falls because you know I will go there. Yeah, you know me. Don't go there. I'll go there. Cook join. Yep. Did they respond? You wrote to them, didn't you? Yeah, they call. She called me twice and we love to have you come back. And even if you don't want to gamble, we'd like to come to the room in the meals and I feel so bad. And I'm not going to go, I'm going to go all the way to Niagara Falls to see water pushing over a bunch of rocks here. And let us see the medium time here. What's this here? It wants it's very nice to see. And that's it. Yeah. What do you need to see that? So we'll go back there for free meals. Oh, they did. They did. She called me twice. Good for them. Yeah. Scrum. Listen, and send it back to Israel by the way. Oh, brother, those are really. I'm telling you right now. It's enough to make me sign up for the PL. Oh, have a great day. Don't lose to much in the Samsung. Give it a few. Take a bite. I looked at the Samsung. Oh, boy. We love the crew. It's a great set man. I'll tell you. When you watch it, now this is your first HD set. Yes. When you watch a live sporting event on HD TV, man. It's a different experience. It's breathtaking. Yeah. That's why I'm looking forward to it. And as a matter of fact, and I see you, probably as you won't be home, because you're going to be our cover in the games, but like a football game. I mean, hockey is fantastic and baseball is amazing, but an NFL game in HD is just unbelievable. If I can watch the opening Thursday night game on it. There you go. That's all I did. I want some Patriots on their way to another Super Bowl. Seven and a half over the Raiders the first game. Yeah. There you go. Line's already lost. Back in on the line is out. You haven't started training camp. I think we lost those dolphin words just in time by the way. I'm not going to knock your friends you may stick with us again, because I'm still in a bad position. But I'm still pissed off about that because it's so outrageous. It's so degrading. It's just a little bit of a sign. It's line and Friday's. So it's just Saturday's nothing but a, but I know, and he's another one of your buddies. I guess we've got this one line that he's going to try. It's a Friday's paper. You see it? About, I saw a line about the TV guy, which was about how many better we're beginning. He wrote that now that they've added that more to the, or they're doing. So now they have that more Jimmy's stuff below and Joe Rose. Right. And he saw a nice, ax, jack. He said all their missing is a play by play guy. Was that what he said? Yeah. Well, it's about time he wrote a line. Hey, Charlie, you're a cover craft man. And by the way, quick, I'll play. And what's that 760 in Palm Beach that he's all whipped up about? Yeah, me. There was the wish you go Friday. Where the calm down. Oh, I was out of town. Oh, man, this will back in the, and I bet you've got the internet back. Cool back into a search on that thing on Saturday. We go Friday's going. He wrote a bell. That's died. There's a fresh afternoon sports in South Florida. On 760 in West Palm and this guy is just here. I mean, I'm going to tell you something. But this respect that our people get in these newspapers. Now that's a cathartner here is very jackass in Jim Sernie and put him on a very tricky small frame. Maybe the one of JFK's Jr was his flying guy. Why was he put Jim Sernie in here? Why not? He's the anti-Christ. Oh. He's a suck-up. Okay. Jim and Jimmy's sipheless. All your buddies. And Jimmy the Greek too. He's still dead. Have a great day and pick the same son, trust me. I'll see you. Bye. I'm in this birth. I'm constantly stressed. My dysplasia. But please, particularly, say, I'm a class guy in the nation and I want to know how I want to know the truth. I want to see you if they're done. So, true for that. Now it seems to us that won't do just what he said. Was it not just words when an agent might get killed. Mr. Bradford in. Will you do just what you said? And I'm a class of common rules for his reasons and things. And he stood that podium instead of a car roll was not as close. We don't want to see you tell no more. We don't want the country to play for him. Will he say for his you kick in the back door. Which will make the White House more than you do. It's not for each of the youths. All of the Americans people. He didn't detoxify his wife. And there was a sign that he talked about the second house. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. When we get good and ready. And of course we're going to do that super important first. We've had a well-gun. You know, office gate covered up. You don't offer to unpainted this path of business. Pretty. That's for killing business. More people are right by the way. 10-15 a few aim and somebody way past their first great time. And that's man. No. It's good. I think we did that cross over to you. About 1130. A good life credit ask you this question. You need to know what's on your credit report. If not remember this number. 625-0444. In fact, 80% of credit reports do containers. But if you credit score. We all know the problems are coming. You've got a bad credit score. It'd be bad. And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report. You know what a thing that can be. Good life credit is here to correct those errors. Good life credit's in-house attorneys will do all the work for you. And there are no set-up fees either. Good life credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. The white letters are the screptancies for you and straighten out any inaccuracies. So remember that somebody else's mistake cost you a high credit score before you visit the dealership or collar wheeler. Doing something a humongous favor in called good life credit. And right now the first 10 colors will get a 10% discount just on the meal for you to call toll free. It's 1-866-625-0444. It's 1-866-625-0444 on the web on the internet. It's goodlife credit dot com. How do I count this horse? I think I'll score it. I know that the Lord even loves you Rogers. I'm close. You know what I'm saying? Hey, hey there. Welcome to subway. How can I help you? Yeah, come on. Welcome to the week full murder. You're not in that shopping. We did a subway sandwich off the road. Don't worry about that. You shouldn't eat that people whole heat. All in dust and mask the problem. And if you understand the history of the meatball whole heat, and mask the problem, that's all done. That's all it does. It's all that is somebody sandwiched up. It's all of train. Help me, right? Yeah, yeah. They see, here's the problem. You don't know the history of meatball whole heat. I do. I do. Oh, bro. You're no way home. I know what this is. Is there anything I could do? Yeah, I was looking to buy a new freshman power drill. What did you do? Why did you do it? Why did you do it? What did you do in this years in the Linux room? It's not your concern. I'm telling you, you shouldn't buy that power drill. It's not nice, but I've got to get back to work. Not that I don't appreciate power drill advice from Tom Cruise. You know what? You're like, you didn't even know what a power drill is. If you start talking about power drill, you have to evaluate and lead the research papers on how they came up with these theories. Okay? That's why I've done it. Then you go and say, where's the medical test on the power drill? Where's the blood test that's say how much of the power drill you're supposed to get? They told him for another day should have taught him cruise. You know it all. Anyway, isn't the Sony LCD, isn't that the one who made the right HD set? I'm all the Sony set now, it was a matter of fact, and LCD is one of them, but I think you're thinking about XBR, possibly? Sony XBR? Well that's a type of technology that they stick in some of their sets. Anyway, when I bought my set, they warned me don't get the Sony because it's got that screen to reflect, you know? Sometimes you see on the screen. Which I don't really know that. I guess when you see it, you know it. Like, Toro, you can't define it by the way. I know what they're talking about. It's like a rainy look where it looks like you're looking through a screen door. If you would see the Samsung, in fact when you bought it and buy the one for Josh, that you'd be proud of seeing you going to buy him, I'll be hanging out at his housewalk. I would definitely get him the Samsung. By the way, Gary Sarnas is about it because he's just, in fact, we're going to send him off to a complex. He likes to give it, so let's send him off to a complex to give it. He's Gary. Oh, that's a hoist. Anyway, we got a death. When you're my small one, just dead. Remember him? That's on the Vietnam War. We're very general. What do you want more, Linda? Come on, did you want to force us to bring the Vietnam War from 60 to 60? And the strong military government of Tamil American casualties were mumbling when they brought 50,000 kids back in body bags. He's dead. All those other kids who died they never had a life and now he's dead. Here it is like all these years later. Westmirl and died yesterday, a natural causes that Bishop Gazz didn't determine home, where he lived with his wife and the son James Ripley Westmirl and he was 91. Is he at 91? That's all that. All those other punks they died over like 18 and over 20 and 25 and whatever. And he's lived in 91. Murderer had almost as much blood on his hands as this current crap in Aussies we got. Speaking of blood on your hands, the assassination of that Iraqi diplomat or whatever that was minister. And that's the reason important to make anybody a website including CNN reported like an hour ago. I've been surfing the internet for like the whole hour and I can't find, but we've got at least got this one. Just to let you know, just like your vice president said, the insurgency isn't its death's rose. There's throwing death in every direction they can. Come in and two cars impact the mini bus bringing workers to an espionage and Iraq today, killing 13 more people. The mini bus driver and nine workers from the base were killed in the attack on Bakubu, just north of the camp elected a government block to bus an open fire. Three other civilians died when the bus creed into their car. The police were said. So there's not much flies of whatever everything is really under control. Here's George's pull from WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Who's that? We call him. Well I wasn't called to some who a man's voice was an man. How big of a person? Is this the radio station? Yes. Sorry. Bye. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha. I knew it. See that's my circuit pump or is it again? I was just in a little bit of a sentence doing that line of flash. I guess why make sure the phone is working because we had some internet problems and phone problems. With the usual QAM technical disabilities, it was never seen to win. Turned his pull from yesterday and I'm most of them were used by the result of this pull. They're trying to say something. I have no right. Who's likely to like the CUN TV? The Elijah is an even aged dead genogenism. I feel like I've just squeezed my breast here. I feel like I'm so worried. 154 Neologers. That's a real study for about five minutes. 10 or 10 minutes in a 1 to 48. They don't want to see her life on TV. They just want to see her naked on TV. If we were talking about a see her life, you want to see her naked go get the DVD. What do you need to do? Or what? We got 15 naked pictures of them in the Jameson on our website today. That's the one. When our BDI curtain. Myself 92, they'd like to see their own life on TV. 92 with ego problems. Two have their 79. What you've had to do is watch biography channel. You'll see that. See I don't get this. I would understand if it's people who you couldn't see their life story on TV. But you have to do that thing. It's been an old time. Angelina Jolie 65. See how she's doing down there in the basement. That would really be precious. Anacornalholy 58. Bill Clinton 57. George W. Bush 54. Why? If they want to see George Bush's life on TV, let them just read that thing on her website. They were the current of Bush. My 132. Well, I had no interest. This is really bizarre. I think they were 29. Again, they just want to see her naked. Yeah. And quarter 25 Carl Road 19. Terraride 15. Oh, Jason's in 15. Bill Arroyly. And Tommy Cruise died with 10 of fees. Rush them by 9. Brad Pitt eight night, Miss Drog. Amen. You're celebrating your farewell. To farewell. Seven for Miss Drog. You're celebrating your farewell. You're celebrating your farewell. You're celebrating your farewell. And we gave you farewell. You're celebrating your farewell. You're celebrating your farewell. You're celebrating your farewell. Now, the big thing today, of course, before we get to the Bayes poll, and we got like 75 naked pictures of Jen and Jameson on the BDI curtain. So we're going to start to start lying a lot. Then we'll click on that. I can find it. Where is it? Well, it's not really there. But just keep clicking it. Yeah, get the summation on that website. It's been really grim. Yes. So we're going to start it on June 24th. The fucking Easter egg. It's in there. You can be alright. Court speculation centers on female judges. All of a sudden, they were going to take their time and do the liberal, liberal deliberations and the doodle, whatever they call it. Do diligence, but the fact that a matter is that they got to cover up this whole car of roe and scuder livid business because it's really embarrassing. And the media are pummeling for a scum or philander and it's literally so by the way, it can turn his stone walling. They don't like it. They hate him like poison. If you notice that every day, they just vommel him. And almost purchased to the face. President Bush's toast to making his first nomadation of the Supreme Court and Washington was a buzz with speculation today about Judge Edith Clement of the US Court of Appeals and All-Eins. There was no word on the white. I found the white house. Someone who disclosed it, but official said in the announcement is imminent. Imminent. Any second now. My desire to get the process moving so that somebody will be confirmed whoever he or she is will be confirmed by October when the court becomes accused of the incident yesterday. White House officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk publicly about the process and Bush's time table appears to have been accelerated. In my way, I can't imagine why you know, and that the choice could come as early as today. It's just a coincidence. And all of a sudden, a strict constructionist in legal servo, limit is also eased gears along abortion rights advocates. He caused she is stated that the Supreme Court is clearly held the right to the privacy guaranteed by the Constitution includes the right to have an abortion and that the law is settled in that regard. I mean, like that. That's not going to be foaming it. They're going to be bombing abortion clinics are going to be so pissed off. Of course, you could just be saying that. I'll give him a little head fake there and never know. That happens a lot. Yeah. When it does fake him out, but in with that's even in any second, I also thought they can get the headline tick to headlines of waiting, get the focus, focus, focus, and all this criminal. He really wants to know what we're sure the investigation and he's out there doing the photo officer of Carl Grove on a White House line. You know, like they're not speaking to each other, they had to have the investigation before he really finds out what was going on there. Yeah. I get some big mystery. I'm going to be the most good thing is a big mystery to him. Go to the police. Go to the police. Okay, look at for our sex survey and somebody to pull today. It's a survey. Is what it is? It's scientific. 28 past 10 at five, 60 WCM. We got a guilty promo. No moment today. No, no, no, no, no, no. And I got four, four to seven, three solid hours because the marlins are on a west coast out there. It's almost the west coast. There was on a Curtis Stevens in seven and I know five when you got the Marlin free game. Sure Marlins in Arizona in 1940. And of course, Marlins lost in 11 last night, didn't they? If they did, well, we're starting to say that. They're like kind of staggering right now. Yeah, they're below 500. They're staggering. They're game under 500. They're in our day and last place alone or time with the mess still. Other time. They're on the mess for a last place. Whoa, that's your act of machine. And boy, yeah, all he did is win the world's serious a couple years ago. But, oh. Anyway, did you get to the last straight last night where you tossing and turning all night like Bobby Lewis if you turn at that small cramped bed. It's time for you to step up to a new queen or king size bed from our good friends with the telematers. When you call 1-800 mattress, so two is from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king size beds, ready for same day delivery. And like always, you still get to choose the date and time and it's where I windowed seven days away between 8 AM and 10 PM. You pick it like noon to two, one to three and they shrug right on time. Telematers carries the complete line of all the top names in the mattress business. Seely, serve the Simmons king who all stands in foster hue and their everyday low prices in deep stock. Make sure mattress shopping of breeze. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be talking to an expert bed and consultant. The list of your needs will suggest to style and comfort level as per her view. They know the bedding business was that's always so. Just about all of us are queueing and sleeping for years like a baby on a dial and mattress venue ought to be doing the same. If the old mattress is had it, when a dog toss it out and call 1-800 mattress or check them on the web at mattress.com. Now, a mattress 1-800-MAT-TR-ES. Be sure and tell them that fat boy told it to call. Like I said, be sure and tell them. When a couple of people in the business will feel so happy. Be sure and tell them that they're not so much for their business. Spoken with my son and she will be waiting for them. How do the Hollywood stars stay so in the short-skilling? But she's strong now. You can learn their secrets. I've learned I've ever dazed this out of steam from the director of Dancing With The Stars. She's got something and stuff where she's from in the textbook. She's getting the leony who is this star. All right, so stand on me, bundle of a bar. I feel like poverty. If you want a tube kick it on the back of the girl. Oh, oh, oh, oh. She's getting the leony, make with this star. So I'm a re-gurgitian, but I got to get that. There is vomit and jukey everywhere. There's a vomit on the back step, there's your name on the back. I absolutely want a pew. I've got that fap that blood go in the air, right? I feel like that. You know, last from the past, they're all deep all. What was your muscle of deep all? Here's the pool today. Which of these applies to you? And what we got? Not too bad actually. Not too shabby. Put this one up there around 8.30. We got 291 votes. Which of these applies to you? Of course, I don't want to get in this discussion with you again because it's really worn out. So what I'm saying, in other words, you got your opinion and the based on ignorance. And I got my opinion. Let's see. When you start talking about gay and bisexual sex, so we like my given a seminar on heterosexual sex, which I wouldn't even dream of because I have no opinion because I have no experience. Which guy's paternal drool? That would be like a Catholic priest giving advice, a smirled counseling that had a sexual sex. I've heard a opinion about heterosexuals, all right? Yeah. And you've never had sex with any. 291 votes. I'm 100% heterosexual male, no gay experiences. I'm at any 84. Let's hear it. Two-fair of those people. 184, they're absolutely pure. 100% like every soap. Don't drop it. I couldn't be letting the her house 34. I'm surprised it's not more than that. And like I told you before the show would be a lot more than that if we still have the BDI curtain up there. They're gone now. That's why they're not voting in our website. 34 couldn't be letting the her house. I'm a heterosexual man who's had at least one sexual experience with a male. 34, 11.6% like that. Oh my God. I'm a heterosexual female, no gay experience is 16. I'm a female who has had sex with a woman. Six. I'm really a bisexual male. Five. Who's never really on there is because that article we had a couple weeks ago. This is a real sex thing is bisexual. Really? Well, I don't say whatever. Realized sexual male. Five. Really? I'm a gay male. Never had sex with a woman. Five. I'm really a bisexual female. Four. Really? I'm a heterosexual female who has had lesbian sex. One. One. A gay. The world's coming to hell on a headbass kid. And of course you know about that bisexualism. It's the lesbian daughter. What about it? I don't know. Something. Well, I've got a minister that preacher man. That's why we're not sure. He's all peoed at the vice president. And he's peoed at the president for picking a vice president with a lesbian daughter. He could have picked somebody like Alan Keyes. I mean, so the shoe fly. I mean, or Ronald Reagan. But you know, that's true. Take his on MSNBC. I want to think this shut that thing off. Is there anybody else out there and never watches that up? And then they put that Tucker, mother Tucker pie Carlson, Boatie guy, pie tie up Carlson on air tonight. And nobody in watching that thing. It just just give it up already. Will you? It's tragic. And American Airlines, right from Fort Lauderdale, the San Juan Puerto Rico has been byverted after a past year, five of his suspicion no written on an that could be hired or trade table. And it'd be I spoke from him told me, certainly not news network. According to FBI, especially in Judy or Hwella, Merc Airlines flights, six or five took off from Fort Lauderdale at six to the eight last night. About 40 minutes in the flight of notes saying, Bum, Bum, Bum, meet the parents. Was found on a crumple napkin with a water chewing gum on it. Huh? It was like they were just right to learn to la Bamba. You think that was it just a ghost and time? Okay. Where was this going? It was, uh, to all the San Juan Puerto Rico. Well, I explained it. The pilot was informed of the note and the plane returned to the airport at turn tail. And where was met by the bomb squad from the BSO? After a sweep of the plane and questioning the 176 patches were returned to the terminal about 11 o'clock and night and they thought it was terminal. According to the American Airlines website, passengers were expected to arrive in San Juan about five hours later than scheduled. The note could be referenced in the 2000 movie, meet the parents with star-pens still in Robert and Ero. In the film, Stores character rejects a flight and tends efforts to check his bag. Or a well-it-all-see and then the FBI's investigation, the sources of note went to the scene but occupied on a previous flight. The investigation is, or a sinew ring. How do you like that? Not that they're jumping or anything like that. I don't understand. When a bomb of Rande, maybe. I know you know how Hank almost jumped out of the sea when I said the Jim Sarni ought to be on that plane with the captain, and very directly. Well, he's a buddy with Jim Sarni. And I don't care if Sarni did finally have a cover line in there, which I just did read that. That was, I spun there Sarni, you tub a garbage. But he's always hyping any other station that puts on sports stuff. You know, in this organization nobody ever heard of in Palm Beach. And all the sudden, and then of course, this crap about rich walls is getting improving. Everybody, no, he's not. He's the same. He's unqualified. He's incompetent. He's terribly bad. And you just don't have to ball-stead to give a critique to really say anything. And then he took that band of pole that disappeared, and we're waiting for the pole on Rossi Foxy, which was promised they don't have the ball-stead on there. Because you know, it's that we'll take good care of that one. I'll read like Rossi because he works on our station, right? Oh, yeah. We like everybody. Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't. I mean, almost everybody on our station. Speaking of stations, WXRK, K-Rock, New York, based in a Kated Morning Host, Howard Stern, see these websites are in our and FMQB. They're all the way up Hours asked, you know? Both of them. So I need to tell you how it's made. The first ones to smell it and describe the flavor of this have said, anyway, Howard Stern this morning, we turned from a stupid vacation by having a David Lee Roth impersonator reportedly Billy Myra replaced him. Stern took to the airways during seven a.m. to reveal that he pulled a fast one on listeners. However, the host said it's a done deal that David Lee Roth would likely replace him in New York in September. While Adam Corolla would reportedly take certain affiliates in markets including LA and San Diego, infinity vice president of communications, Terran Matéo tells our an art that the company continues to look at a number of different personalities replaced Howard Stern. However, there are no imminent announcements at this time. But, of course, you let the cow of the bag, I'm going to show him how he Stern added a few of the far back calling into his own show at 645 a.m. to tell the fake Roth that he disapproved of I can let him go after 20 years with infinity without allowing him to say goodbye to his listeners properly. Ah, geez, are you following this? The drift of his? The one of those fake shows. The fake Roth also spoke with psychic Robin Quibbers and then welcome to the USRK General Manager Tom Kusano who remark that he was pleased the former Van Hill and frontman was there now as he could sleep in later wouldn't have to come in early to man to dump up. Yeah, I mean, they're going to have him come in and man to dump up and just like Matthew still fair all brother. Holy moly rat man, what's it all about? I take a look and for Stern, I hope how we get son. I hope they get that series to go real fast. Yeah, me for the fall because he just know that once he comes to the interview and starts like gravity, all of we're going to start censoring table and satellite radio and TV whatever we can censor, you know? He's going to get away with. Right, based on the fact that they said so. Oh, based on the fact that they just make it up as a goal. Along the public is rules over just like the thing you just played. They will over from play dead. And that's the way we're cinema because Americans are worried about important things like the runaway and that's a group of missing chicken. These very important things, man. And of course all these home improvement shows. What is that about? All these so-called reality shows, everyone bugs me the most. Those are reality shows? I don't know. I mean, who do it to do it? God, how to paint your house and how to like, a riveting. Like I said, if you do that kind of stuff. 19 to 11 at five, 60 don't forget no mode today. It was a day ago. It's a day ago. It's a day ago. We got guilty today. Actually, you're going to be whipped up about this hockey settlement, man. That's what everybody's wasn't a vote. Aren't they? Not Brandy chooses having a huge wall to wall sale. Every single person who's in the store is on sale right now. Nothing's being held back to. Choose from rock fort for a shot. New ballads. Naturalises. Very top writers. Team of Timberland, S.A.S. All famous name brands. All these things. Man size is 60, 15 women sizes five to twelve. It whist from very, very narrow to very wide. And don't forget Brandy's carries a humongous lesson of wide widths too. There's never been a sale of this magnitude at Brandy's shoes and sale of no sale. They always teach you like worldly, whether it's for his pretty sales staff. So her aid and take advantage of this once in lifetime. Waltowall sale. New shipments are having daily will be included in this event. Why do we brandy's register free to win fabulous prizes? No person's necessary. Brandy's shoes. You'll find them in that same way. Location they've been doing great things for years and years. 1290 North federal highway and top 10 of each. Just half of Sears and Loas opened daily 9-9 Sunday, 10-5. But what do we do? They'll miss it on Brandy's business door wide sales event. 25 years going on right now. Fad with the savings on all of top brands. Floor Shime, S.A.S.A.S. A big one lots more. Hurry into the store this week or visit me Do your shoe shopping right online on the internet. At Brandy's shoes.com. You'll watch your shoe watchers. You'll watch your shoe watchers. Thank you. I'm so happy. Who's with your watchers? Can you listen? Yeah. Sploting ball. She's barely able to be confirmed. There's no time to shoot. There's not help. She thinks that football those really have wings. The girl found she was made from chickens in the sea. She spoke in hot from head to toe. But there I see a freak. She gets a little bit of food. There's no good to throw. She thinks she's made to write down a clue. I think she wrote the short books. And crossword calls will give her a headache. Well, she can't do a chicken without using her fingers. But when I dream about the perfect food he did, there's her answer. She thinks Prince Albert's in a band. She makes their favorite way of it. Girl, daddy, bitch, call her in. Yeah. That's what's best. With the delicious baseball. A fragrant bottle of football. Look at him. Look at him. That's what he's got. Let me look. Let's be in who has had sex with the man. Do you know what he's got? Yeah. That's not way better. I bet you get a whole bunch of those. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Right. It's more like it. Okay. We can take some calls today because that's crazy. We might, you know, although this is not a coding pull. Thank you for that. I'm sure you've had some real league intellectuals calling last few days. Oh, you know, all of them. I got you. I was six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 in the Verizon singer, wireless lines. Okay. As we can. They might as well get caller two because we got the film working. I've seen you on the right the moment. No. There. There. My wife. I still that he was 91. He's dead. Boy, he was really a hard ass, a piece of crap. Not as hard ass as Jim Sarnido. Yeah, all of any. Now's a tape I play guys for a cute story. All these years you finally came up with a line. Put any weight in your handclashes buddies. Five, six, seven, this is our last call for calls. I'm going to write to my pile. Okay, which I should be through. There you go. They're like on there. I'm making fun. There's a lot of the fun. How do you know that? He's usually the first. Come in to QA and hello. Hey, yeah, nothing happened. Bring me right there. Well, there it is. QA and hello. We're going to have a more than how are you? Pretty good. This is Ryan. This is probably a good area. Oh, I'm not wrong. Good. Thank God. All right. I'm in the market also for television, right before the football season. The butter is large. Right. Same. Sam's son is the best for Mr. Biti and I should go Biti instead of L.C.B. Or Bradson. Correct. Okay. This is my own opinion. I looked at all of them and I got my son. I've had a full several months now, where the picture quality is. It's like a lie. They couldn't possibly look into a piece of pain in glass. Right. Because I've got so a couple of these different scores and you don't, you know, just scam and they're trying to upsell you downsell you. Yeah. You know, they get on the way off, you know, I'd like. I'm tired sometimes and I'm tired of shopping around at the bottom. I'm saying it's great. So I'd say that right now. I do it my, uh, excellent enthusiasm. You can do it. Okay. There's a, uh, the disease may take very much. Okay. Good luck. Here you go. Isn't that somebody who's been saying some things? I can't stand you. I'm not sure if I dislike you. And I see Jewish. I told you he was Jewish. You know, if I'm at his Jewish, oh, he's a boy. Oh, god. No, what are he to them? Five, six, six. No, six, six, six, six, six. It's really, I've had, I'm sure that there's some nice, these really people. I just didn't ever met any yet. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. I saw he's a very nice guy. Oh, that's right. He's a good guy. I think that's, so I take that back. He seems like a real nice guy. I have had like a lot of verbal intercourse with him. But he seems okay. But that experience I had with getting the tire years ago when down there on her, in Broward. I don't want to say where. But women really businessmen who was a real shy student, Rick Meoward. That was bad. And unless you've experienced a woodbomb, it is not just nasty loud. Oh, rubbish business. Oh, get off my back. If I wanted to bring a parachute on, I had one on my shoulder already. Get out of here. And of course, you had your experience. So with your car repair with a really business man. You don't what they say about doing business with him is really no. Don't. Thank you. How many Q and M? Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, what's what? What is there making an out of power for being gay or you don't want to mean? Do you see him in my wife? Um? Do you see him in my wife? It doesn't have a wife. Really? No, he's single. He's single and likes to mingle. Correct. Why? He's out. It is bloody George likes to kiss guys and walk in the hand with them. You know, you don't have the biggest bunch of proof. Yeah. And the other one guys, the guys who were addressed. There was an article that they made money articles loaded last week. It just like even denial or something. Yeah. It's just, it's just, it's the eye of the world. I'll miss people and culture. No, he's been in. What about kind of lesa? Correct. What about kind of lesa? There are a bunch of flavors. There you go. You got it, man. You got your thumb on. In fact, there's an article I don't want to even dignify. And these are there's a group now. Long harder run for prison in 2008. Oh, honey. Oh, you're easy to do that. Oh. You kidding me? What can we do to help? Hey, listen, Charlie. Chris, if he can be the governor of Florida. Do a fairery. Right? It's a new thing now. All that. It's interesting. We're going to dispulse since everyone assumes always that anybody who listens to me or why just shows some kind of a flamer. But you got to have it in 41 votes. Now, if you take those four categories, let's see, let's see, let's be with a man. We just put that on there. Let's be a never-hand sex with a man. 20% gave me a who is hand-sex with a woman, 2.3, and gave me a who never has sex with a 1.4. She got about 4%. Are the audiences identify themselves as, um, gay? Yeah. How do you like that? Okay. As opposed to some of these people saying, oh, the real Roger show only a fact, it wasn't that We're of course. Right. How many of you can weigh in? Hello. My God, my Lord. Yes, sir. I had to agree with you on them. I'm home shows my life watching them all gay and gay. Why? Why, why is that? This home shows making nauseous. Yeah. But why is she watching? I don't know. I guess she has these ideas about doing stuff to the house and it inspires her. No. I have no idea. She keep her with it. She could. I'm not sure the whole hour show on a food network last night about ice cream. I did not go out and get any. I literally like, I voted on the house. My life said I voted wrong. I voted. I was 100% male. Right. I was with a street some with a girl in the guy. So what is that? Well, so what I love the obvious question is, did you touch him or not? No, we didn't cross any sorts or not. Well, there you go. See you're okay. You stop course. You still say. After honor. I think I did nothing. I forgot to make something. You're fair. I wasn't your. Yeah, but to show on food network last night. Well, I was such a bad show. And of course, me being the ice cream addicted to the lunatic that I am. I thought it was going to be very interesting. It was not. They showed these different shops one place in Texas where they got 24 flavors of soft Sir ice cream, how they make it and all these different places around the country where they have these different Stretchilles and India people from India have an ice cream shop. I loved that crazy flavors. My favorite. I said, look pretty good. They were. They did the Ben and Jerry Stringer. They did that. I remember about one. The curry ice cream. Yes. No, wasn't curry, but it was like a saffron. No, they really had the flavors. Yeah, saffron. Well, in order to continue that aroma, man, you've got a lot of that funky, a smell and stuff, partly. What's this thing about Michael Mejo's commentary that somebody just fetched? Oh, I think about Steve K. I'm not interested. I'll go. I'll go. Mr. Rigo, nobody cares. And if you look at the writing on here is sort of our chronic chronic fracture. That's what we got in a life. I have no plan on my face with this garbage. I was just about to finish something very important. Okay, but I'm not interested at the. Yeah, and then they quoted some national poll. I mean, everybody's got tools. You know, they got pulls of the old nose. And it was about your five most popular flavors of a nationwide poll taken very recently. One of the five most popular flavors of ice cream. And it was the guy who hosted this show on Food Network. He's sitting there at the counter in some ice cream joint. He's got, you know, the the Sunday, what do you call those Sunday glasses? So what, a Sunday glass? Okay, that do you understand? Right. Whatever they call it, ice cream dish. So anyway, he's got the ice cream in the five and the first one. Number five is Neapollum. And I send to myself. Oh, my God. Only Graham, you need the appollum. I mean, that's a little kid's only going to a little kid's eat that. By the way, it's the worst of all three. The stuff it's in there. Wait, wait, wait. No matter which one you like to tell, it's like very industrial whenever you get eaten. Oh, well, I mean, a pollton isn't those people. That's a whole idea of it. For people who can't make up their mind. Strawberry, vanilla and chocolate. Hmm. That was number five. Number four was buttered for cancer. That must have been a good idea. It must have been a good idea. It must have been a good idea. Number three, the third most popular ice cream in America was strawberry. Number two was chocolate. And number one is I've been screaming for so long. And of course, as usual, I was, That's so, let me go back to that book. With a vanilla. Oh, God. Please. Gag me with a prune. The vanilla is the most popular flavor ice cream in America. And like I always tell you, delicious but not taste. None. And they're going to say, well, what about those vanilla bean? Yeah, yeah. How about dolly bean? A bully. Who do fery? Anyway. Very sad. And this is the five most popular. See, I can understand that 50 years ago, before we now these new designer flavors, before Ben and Jerry came down to play in 1978, before we had all these really sensational flavors that are available now. But there's the same old boring pedestrian. Now you begin to understand what's wrong with America. Maybe that's why we got this present. Bad taste. The public is got, you can't complain about American taste because 50% don't have any. The stuff I think about vanilla chocolate, strawberry, butterb weekend, and the appalden. If I never had any of those again in my life, we'll be fine with me. Right? I never saw anything again. I would be trelling from it. I'd be doing a causality. I'd be doing a horror with my Israeli friends from woodbind. Sir, there were so annoying and so gross, so obnoxious. But I wanted to shoot their titses off. 10.56 at 5.60. The 170 QM-Hey Racing fans, top of the park racing in poker is brewing up for its final three weeks of live harness racing in poker, before they take a short-term away break in mid-August. Every Wednesday is dollar-night, with brand beer, so the hot dogs know the food and just a bucket of peace. Plus the start of the sunshine sticks serious for Florida-made trotters and faces. By the way, congratulations to Brian Sears for winning the mental lands pace with rock and roll hand over. So that's Saturday night. I scone Brian. And of course, there's great poker tournaments each afternoon, even in the poker room with three drawings to inventing vouchers of your library. Libracy made in the poker room from 4 to 7 p.m. Friday is a super-factor Friday with super-factor-way green every race, and this Saturday July 23rd, there will be free drawings to win a 32-inch cover TV and where many vouchers after every library's. It pays to come and play a pompad of park racing in poker located just about a half mouth in both 95 and the Florida turnpike. Pompad of park is easy to get to, and west of all Pompad of park offers you free, admission, and free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room up in every Wednesday Friday and Saturday, the poker room is open from noon till midnight. Live racing gets underway night via 7-25 in the PM. Pompad of park a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Towerline Road for the Kerberation schedule. Go online at Pompad of Park.com or call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000. What a conversation sport. We are the out-sourth sports video by the situation. Neil Roger himself. It's 11-5-60WQAM happy Tuesday too. Here are the 81 votes on the pool. Now to Samyah would say, Josh, we got a child. We got a child. We got a child. At 5-6-9-8. Which is a plan. Well, father, it's not a pool. I mean, this isn't something you have to have an opinion on. Of course, a lot of people are very... I found another guy who was in a three way and he's very concerned about him. I think he really was. Too fairy. Which of these applies to you? I'm 100% head of a sexual male. No-gay experience is 2-29, 60 and a half percent of the astuteal Rogers audience. I mean head of a sexual male who has had at least one sexual experience with a male, 46-12-1 percent. And George says, Too fairy. Don't play for me. I couldn't play late in the warehouse 44. What we met though is there must be lots here. The gallery eyes. And then of course, and we don't forget pros and cons. I'm a... And of course, sir. Robert Greeper. I'm a heterosexual female. No-gay experience is 22. Well, thank God. We have no women listening to this show. It's very... just so disconcerting. I'm really a bisexual male. Really? 10. Really? I'm a gay male who has had sex with a woman nine. Oh, and you know what? I saw it over the weekend. You're going to be really peoed. Could it be for getting to go and get it for you? What's that? North by North by North West. I saw it twice. I saw it twice. I saw it twice. I saw it twice. North by North West. Outstanding. It's very long movie too. James Mason said it. I'm not a carry grant even recent. James Mason, who else is in there? Some Leo. What's the guy from top or Leo? When was that his name? I would copper. First of all, the TV show, top or? No. Oh, come on. You watched it in a style just show. The old E.M. will be shows. Okay. Next book of Brian. Happy birthday to the book of Brian. The only person living idol who actually had an interstate name after him. I. 95 after his birthday. Happy 95. I'm a gay male who has sex with a woman. Nine. I'm really a bisexual female. I'm a gay male. I'll never have sex with a woman. Five. That was my vote. Never. Oh, God. I'm a lesbian. I've never had sex with a man. I'm a head of a sexual female who has had a lesbian sex. Three. And I'm a lesbian who has sex with a man. Two. See that little mishand man. So all of it a place. Not great. Lovely. That's true. Something. I'm not really sure. Sure what? Whatever. To kill a dead. I thought it was a fine poll. Come in a few more in. Hello. Yeah. The thing with Leo Correlal. Does that his name? Did you got the guy from top or? Yeah. Are you sure? Are you sure? That sounds familiar. I thought Leo. Come on. Okay. Thank you. I thought that was the Cisco kid. What was his name? Who? I thought he was a guy. Oh, no. I thought he was a guy. Don't we give me this hoop crap, okay? Just because he's so bad. He's our. Just Cisco kid. I better look it up. I don't know. I don't know. See you. Cisco kid. Yes. Who played the. I thought it was Carillo. Jo Carillo. I just love role in my eyes like that. Dr. Vice-Rollman. 560. 560. Tom 560. Leo Correlal. That may be. Anyway, he was in north find northwest. That's not the point. Was a hitchcock movie. Was versus pencil. And the closing scene in the movie without giving anything away. Taste place right on my rush more. Is there climbing down the. Faces about rush more to escape. Yeah, you're right. By the way, what was. Was what? Was Pacho in the Cisco kid. Oh, but who wasn't the Cisco kid? See Leo Correlal was going to love me to look up top or the TV show top or. Okay. And you'll find the. You'll find the cast. I'm sure. Can you keep your office street? I can't believe you ever saw top or. Never. That was an ancient show. I mean, you've seen Aussie and Harriet. Right? No. You've seen. Like Stupy's Panama. I'm quiz. No. You've seen more Amsterdam on this. And I show. No. No. No. Oh, that's great. Are you looking up top or what are we got? I'm not going to mention it's embarrassing. What do I say? What's the top and the other? What does it do? Let's toss it. No. We have blood sausage. Don't eat that. We have a settlement. If we don't care. Leo Correlal. See, the guy was very close. Leo Correlal. But that's a different guy. Leo Correl. There you go, pal. So guess what? Bad mistake. Double DQ. I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Is Leo there? Speaking. Leo. Leo G. Carol. Yes, we got him. He was the guy from top or in North by Northway. Did you see him on final twist? No. I didn't. Go on and get it. Okay. Very granted if I lay carry. You're fair. I was very in my way. See, now there's a good example for you. Very grant had several wives and was no tourist lady. Who was it that he was supposedly involved with? Oh, geez. I forget. He was a real swish by a swashbuffer. I don't know. Who was his beard? Wasn't Danny K. Danny K was like doing surveillance over the years. See how it all rhymes. Oh, Danny K and Brian's. Those are just rumors of course. Line 9, WDQA, M hello. He's need Daniel. We're going to have a celebration for all dance on that one's body. WDQA, M hello. Just want to think Martin Lende is in there too. That's right and he was really creepy. He was the Leonard. Absolutely. Actually, he just had a think about my carry grant. Thanks. He was all over the place. He was all over the place and trying to think it was boyfriend. I mean, um, was somebody I was it, no, not one of the very more. It was you very more. What about that time green? What do you mean you think about time green? Yeah, I don't know. He's in a big book. He's kind of a nut. Well, he used to be anyway. That whole thing that I married to do very more about. These these people that get married for like five minutes, you know, I'm not buying it. She did say half a loaf is better than none. Is that right? And she wasn't talking about bread. Five six seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty, me. But I don't know. I'm taking so many calls today. This fear like it. You know, when you're out of practice, I was going to take a little banning practice on the phone. Enjoy it while it lasts. So if you like, you're a M. Hello. A M. Yes, sir. That guy is the one for so long. You're right. Leo, you know, when it's standing, cowboy actors are not in a sense. Go get it. Right. You're right. Thanks. Thanks. It's a lot for a man. And I know there was some kind of a funky dog on a show too. I think I don't recall real well. There was also a funky dog on the three suitors. That's the three suitors. The little rassals. Yes, there was. Somebody's always good to be. Three suitors. They're going to go to a building. Confused. I'm a child's brawls. You said in the beginning. Our not in Robert Blake. He was in the little rassals. Right. Right. Right. Come into QA and hello. A male. It was in neighbors with rock rots. Yeah. Oh, no, that. What a shock that is. So right on. He's going to be something. It was Natalie. Lou would Robert Wagner. Why do we Natalie some swimming lessons would be good. Saw her bio, David. Now, she was, she was not a good actress at all. No, but she was very attractive. It was pretty. We liked the little rassals. She was very pretty and Robert Wagner was also very pretty in his early day. Yeah. Yeah. I patched. You got in there with Austin Powers. And then he got so old that Rob Lowe had a come in speaking of. There's another one for you. Okay. They married him off. They married off. They've been casting all of these guys. You married off. And some of them. It's just like you say a beer. But some of them are actually doing stuff and actually procreate. Right. Well, they call that bisexual. No, they call it social pressure. Okay. They call her right. You normally social pressure. But con Cruz may have actually done the cold kid and like, you know, maybe once or twice. What do you think he's thinking about lies doing that? Con Cruz, what do you think about? Yeah. Brand pit. WMDQAM. Hello. Meal. Yes, me. The guy that was was. The guilty lady. Very great. Was Zachary Scott. Zachary Scott. That's right. Right. That's right. And that's the reason I couldn't know. Not Zachary Scott. It was, was that who it is? Yeah. Randolph Scott. Right. Randolph Scott. Zachary Scott. That's right. That's right. Right. I know. Is this kissing cousin? Okay. Thanks a lot. We've gotten sober up. Randolph. And it was a very famous actor back in the day 180 years ago. See, this is what happens when he gets old. Just like Walker Bryant had just turned 125. He's starting to come in like outdated, you know? I've long never become old like the old folks in South Florida. I could be a hundred and ten, but I just do just something about that. There is a fossilized. Is that one of this? You got your old green tooth crowd. Then you got your old boy. Are you just crowd? You know, if they love to Israel so much, there's times Leave them all the time. L.A.L. is flying like crazy. The guy real good security will see it. We'll pack you a salami sandwich, kosher for Face off and get out of here already. Send with the old green tooth crowd. You know, come up to Canada. Get out of plane. They're flying to Cuba every hour on the hour. Pick a country. Right. Pick a country. Pick a, or and then I was. That's a thing over. Is that a thing about that? Is it about? No, no, no, no, no. He'll single very kid. Yeah, that Leo, career. He was in the Cisco kid and most going to be in the The thing over. No, no, no, no, no. WQA and hello. I know. Let me show my radio. The dog one. Toppers. Was a. Same for an org. Me. Really? Yeah. He's got that. Yeah. And the dog one little ask was main PD. Well, that's the one that had the circle running. Right. Yes. Yeah. He was the chef of the 15. With the circle. But the copper dog was the same for an ordinance. Name was Neil. Well, that's it was a. That one, the real early TV. Yeah. Early 50s. Yeah, 1953 to 1956. That was almost as good as a like a rally. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Say how to the dogs. Now you saw a rally with William Bendix and whatever her name was. Yep. And who is neighbor Gillis? To be. Remember, do we Gillis? No. I like to be Gillis a lot. What's his name and his brother's name? Duane Hackman and was. You had one? I didn't have to know. Zero Hackman. I thought it was Hickman. And then there's only a girl Hannah. Huh? I thought it was Hickman. What did I say? I hate. Hackman? No. Hickman. That's not only worth it. No, I don't want to. That's very good. Sort of the name and pass it. Yeah. Well, you know, when you hang around with a lot of old people, that's what happens. Come on, I said, to live in a five, 60. I mean, if I was the old man 20 years ago, what am I now? The fossil. The fossil. They all got it. It's okay. How could you show? How's that pull come? We got any dice on me. What have we got? Four out of the 17 people on the survey. We could make the 1000-day Josh. What do you say? Should we put the big? I mean, it's not a pull. You're just like checking in. Like a jewelry. What's the show? Hi, Jared. Tell me, checkin' in. I wonder if all those old people are dead. He's to call Jerry Western. I would think so. I mean, he is. We got the help. In fact, he was dead while he was doing the show last two, three years. He was a real piece of work. It's 11. 13 at 5, 60, WDQ, Y and 4 years. Armstrong, 4 to home to is always treated everybody like family. And right now, they want to stand off for a unit, join their family. Four, does just an answer. Four family plan. That's correct right now. You're going to be a strong four to home state. You can buy a vehicle and employ this kind of prices. Now through July 31, Armstrong, 4 to home state gives you the same great pricing. Every forward loader company, employee, and their families get. Not only, you get employee family pricing, but you also still get Armstrong, 4 is exclusive, tires, and batteries for life program. And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you'll get a cover TV free. So let you wait and for. Pick up that phone right now and call David Rich at 305-247-5112. You won't get a better deal on a forward anywhere. Both reading switch, no founding deals. Don't forget now, the fantastic office available onee at Armstrong 4 to home state, where they always treat you to just like family. Armstrong 4 is proud to be locally owned and operated by President and GM David Rich says Ring your family to make our family. Armstrong 4 to home state at the US then from 398 to 7191 tastes 20 minutes off of the 36. check them on the web armstrong cars.com and then give it a call of 305-24751-12 and ask them about the exciting Ford family playing today. To have a little less run save yourself literally thousands and Armstrong Ford of home stand. "..insert your heads rowstep by to chapter 3. ..until flush of this day. And it slows down your mind throughout the night so that is clear. And finally, with the thousands of fans first of us broke up with how much air that like 807 B�, a grand prize is a drei hour ball. I'm gonna get fed in the wild, and I'm gonna fly to the top of the mountain I'm gonna face the wild, and throw it on fire I'm gonna fly out, and I'm gonna go in there I'm gonna throw it on fire, and I'm gonna fly out, and I'm gonna go in there I'm gonna throw it on fire, and I'm gonna fly out I'm gonna fly out, and I'm gonna fly out Come on, come on The president is special, members of his administration to hear the high-sethical soldiers That's right, and like he said this this morning, he's gonna change you in every day First of all, if anybody like, you know, uh, bleak key in name Then they were gonna be out, and then they said if anybody committed a crime Now he said this morning, they murdered at least five people, and then they're gonna be out You'll think about it right, by the way Do you want this seven-page facts about actors who served in the military and those who didn't? No, why do I care about that? Well, why is that of any interest in us? That's what happens when I get it to go to the bathroom, I can't care Now is this include actors who served in the military like a win over there and made like to propaganda movies like John Wayne? Don't add them to the Marine, how do you like them? Oh good for him, get smart John And here's the facts to this, and so I'm a little bit realized that that top of business was gonna go even more than the old I see business Big, casual top or was not the old Carillo, punch off from the Cisco kid was the old Carillo, we know that The Cisco kid though, which we did not know was Dunkin' Ronaldo, that brings back some memories He's called Pancho, fake guy, but TV doesn't stereotype my minorities, you know? I know that's your favorite TV thing, so I cranked up, go for it You know, you had your Amos in the NBA, and then of course you got this, now queer, queer, I for the fact guy and all these other horror, all these screaming mincing Oh god, you think I watched those? No, well, you know this folk, it wouldn't put a show on called queer right for the straight guy Then have a couple of, you know, none queer acting guys, oh I see, what would be the point? See, what was the movie I'm trying to think of, who's that great actor? See, I can't think of the way who he is, it's a real bird But in the same category, great actor who played in some of the fact movie And anywhere, always the boys in a band, the real straight look in one, I can't think of his name right now, what a shame Look up boys in a band, it can be your cast, please, drop it to it, let him get that on him The dog, the same per night, was named Neil on top of it I just remember when the guy told me to let him see me go, my birthday too, that's why I played the birthday thing And congratulations to both of you, I'm gonna make some of the birthday, okay Here's what we got so far, 130 people have done our survey thing, our little sex survey You don't have to lie because they're not tracing these, all of them, maybe they are Which of these applies to you? I'm a 100% heterosexual male, no gang experiences Yet 265 I couldn't relate to Jorge, I'm a heterosexual male who's had at least one sexual experience with a male 50 I'm a heterosexual female, no gang experiences 12 I'm really a bisexual male, do you believe us? Oh really? 12 I'm a gang male who's had sex with a woman nine, I'm a gay male never had sex with a woman six So let's see 3.3% of the audiences, yeah, how do you like that, do you believe that? I thought it was like 10% when you said this before, I'm a lesbian, is that they're all gone now? I missed a beating curtain. I'm a lesbian, six with a sorry, just as you said that I'm really, I have to interrupt because I just threw away another fact I'm saying about the beat of curtain being gone. I'm really a bisexual female, five, I'm a lesbian never had sex with a man four And I'm a heterosexual female who has had lesbian sex four So let's see, you take your dikes, I mean, 2% And what we got to be put, so five about 5% of the audiences, gay, how do you like that? Contra at a coffee the rumor, certain people like to spread Certain, certain monkeys like to spread, and they're not getting to my pile here at all With me, a shame that the curie these over for Thursday Top AIDS surprised an abortion by a president of the city where intensely focused on discrediting former ambassador Joseph C. Wilson and the AES after he wrote that op-ed article for the York Times existed, the administration manipulated intelligence to justify going to war in Iraq, federal investigators have been told And of course that was the thing, smear and smear Whether it was Richard Clark, whether it was Scott Wetter, whether it was Hans Brooks, whether it was Paul O'Neill or whether of course it was Joe Wilson, smear and smear Prostitute is investigating whether administration officials illegally Leath the identity of Wilson's white-PCI officer who had worked under cover Had been told that Bush's top political strategist Carl Roeve and Tainy's chief of staff Lewis Schuder Libby were especially intent on Undercutting Wilson's credibility according to people familiar with the inquiry Although, remember I told you this is just the beginning and they can try to cover it up right now but meanwhile the grand jury is still living there for him and hold the mud breath. Although lower level line has staffer's typically Hittled most contacts with the media Roeve and Libby began personally communicating with reporters about Wilson prosecutors were told A source directly familiar with information provided to prosecutors said Roeve and Roeve interest was so strong that it prompted questions in the White House When I asked the one point by he was pursuing the diplomats so aggressively Roeve reportedly responded, he's a Democrat. Roeve then said Wilson's campaign donations which lead toward Democrats the first and familiar with the case said. There you go, pointed out you were a mile. And the media managed to see it and I'm going to say again for the 80 minutes time they need to be taken right off the year. When it doubted take them out, see it in. Take out the tower, take out the satellite. Hey, for such garbage run they had some bimbo on there yesterday who was supposedly having a debate or discussion about Scott McLean and about the other questions from the media about Carl Roeve. She had a separate public an operative on there from the RNC and then she had Jack Valenio on there. You know the screenwriters on Hollywood guy. Okay. Who is just the same the same thing as the other guy. Well, you know press secretary is always have to like be loyal to their president and it's a tough job. It was just pathetic. It was just pathetic. Bubble head bimbos asking the really tough questions on CNN and MSNBC. MSNBC and I think I've been revolving bimbos. Some of them don't look too bad but they're really nice to do. I'd like to take a look. Oh, you know even though who lester hole face. So what's all the you know who. I just I'm shocked by that. Why don't watch it? You know who Chris Matthew is is. Okay. Maybe put talk sound of the side of his mouth. Oh, that guy. And you know who just Starboy is from a foreign congressman right when we're. We'll remember the personality like a dead man. I guess. I saw a can't complain about the personality on MSNBC because they don't have him. And then they got ready waged you and you're hey, Ronnie. Do fairy. That little a screamer. It's so pretty sad. Look at what our own news never counting. Put some real interesting people on you know. But. Talk to Greg about it because I know we're free news intensive. I'm sure. What is this past 11. I'll be for you to break. Speaking of Carl Roe just a quarter of Americans think the White House is fully cooperating with the federal investigation of that leak of. Valerie claims name a number that's declined sharply since the investigation began and three quarters 75% say that a presidential advisor Carl Roe was responsible for leaking class of information. It should cost him his job is nothing worse than a bad leak. Kind of like when it burns you know. Skepticism about the administration's cooperation is jump as the initial investigation began and said. Oh, and I forgot to mention something I can't remind me Thursday morning. A magical word. You know what the word is for blood sugar. I give up cinnamon. Yeah, cinnamon. Yeah, cinnamon. Cinnamon. The answer were closed. Hmm. But not no for sugarwanico. Well, that's it. Skepticism about the administration's cooperation is jumped as the initial investigation began in September of 2003 and nearly half the public 47% believe the White House was fully cooperating. That felt a 39% a few weeks later and now lower still only 25% who also want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge in some property in the Everglades Real Chief. They believe that the cooperating as opposed to covering up stonewalling up the skating lying through their teeth, etc. All of these are all of these things. 27 past 11 and five 60. WCM probably would be a good idea if I did the right spot. I guess I'll whip up about this crap. First of all, we need these two days a week to irackily. Good live credit. Ask the question. Do you know what's on your credit report? If not remember this number. 866-625-0444. It's a fact that 80% of credit reports contain errors that affect your credit score and we all know the problems that come when you got a bad credit score. And if you ever try to contest an error that appears on your credit report, you know what obtained in the R-Stack can be. Good live credit is here to correct those mistakes. Good live credits in house attorneys will do all the work for you and there are no sell-up fees. Good live credit will order your credit report from the three major credit bureaus. Their rifle owners and discrepancies for you and straighten out any inaccuracies. So all of that somebody else's mistake cost you a high-quitted score before you visit the dealership or call the real big deal yourself a favor and call good live credit. And right now, right this moment, the first time callers will give 10% discount. Just on that meal, totally to call. The number to call is 1-866-625-0444. That's 1-866-625-0444 on the web is good live credit dot com. What a count of your business. What a business. What a business. Personal. There's no double. What a business. What a business. What a business. What a business. What a business. You can unwrap all the slime all the time. See here. I ain't never said no. And it's very annoying. I'm not even saying the noise. I ain't not actually having it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I'm not saying it. I know some words, you're sorry. Okay where can I put words in the temple? Go straighten it forward. They touch you, Dad. ¡評ag Hmmm! Themenatically inside. Funds on my bucket. Dudley by麥克 등 Yeah!detaken. All the work in the broad knownly I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I'm going to go to the toilet. I just want to go to the toilet. Come on. I have to check the toilet. Here's the toilet. I found a restaurant. We saw on the scene, but they didn't feel it was important enough to put on their website or to even bother repeating. Common chaat did three-soony Arab members of the team drafting a Rax New Constitution today, striking a blow against the body seems the best hope for providing a political end of the insurgency. Rax New New Arab's undone committee due to liberal New Constitution Vogue's 15th was the correspond of the US-back strategy of persuading members of the US to win or to move off the streets and in the peaceful pollinators, but three of them now, the officials of the US is more domain. Oh, it's been a day. Here's the most important story today. I'm good thinking we're going to back into my pile. Okay. This may be the most important story and be a good idea for a poll question someday. All right. Did you look up the abortion event, by the way? Yeah. In the past, yeah, which one you want? I don't know who they would have about bread or a combs? No. How about letter free? No. How about clip-gorman? No. How about Kenneth Nelson? No. Lord Adams. No. Ruben Grain? No. Robert Lattornick? No. Lawrence, what can Bill? No. Keith? French. Maybe the ones thinking I wasn't in that movie. We only got one more Peter White. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Firm tide of freezing 10 Williams head to open and boit and beach. This is the most important story and it would lead to a great poll for you to stay some day. Who said would you like to take me out of freeze? That's good. Not a good poll idea? Yeah. A company associated with the Arizona firm that froze the head of baseball legend Ted Williams passed to open a crash for Sony in Boit and Beach. Oh, God. He talked about the petrified forest. Boit and beach. Oh, a suspended animation. That's the name of the outfit. Expect to open an August. The facility was approved for one by Boit and Beach. The facility was approved by Boit and Beach. Commissioners in March after being repeatedly rejected by Boit officials. What's? What's the movie is it there's going on a ghost unit? Were they have nothing so? Were they hate? Say it's the one against killed as Rockets killed in the car crash and he saves her head. Oh, what's the name? You see man, have it? He had that wooden dyes. Something else. Something like that. And then her head is alive. He's got the two tubes going into the blood as flowing. And her head is like on an Vincent price. No. I saw just a couple of school. It is really bad. It's one of those crazy movies but it's can't be explained. I love that. I thought I'd have a head on a table. And she's seen an iron cut in no body. It was just kind of cute. Or bigger than TV shows. This one always gives you the effect of the idea. They come to first see that man. He's a little bit of a pile. He's a little bit of a pile. I see picking onvert ward again. That's the word I was thinking of. A lot. Anyway, the facility was a full four one has to be repeatedly rejected by a bokeh. For instance, the button beats said, sure we got plenty of dead heads here. Why not? The company's manager used to work for Al-Korea Life Extension Foundation with reportly, severed Williams' head. Oh, God, is that enough to make you want to play that severed head with a wife? Oh my God, it's a severed head. Yes, severed head. The new father's sweet thing is that everyone who's anyone has got a severed head. And do you think he's not for you? Didn't you listen to this dramatized word? You know, an optional letter sent to a spy. It's a high-spide severed head customer. Okay, that makes you $100, $23 for all your Halloween candy. $120, $23. Isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well, is there a finest mixture? You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddy's, and the two spilled wax pump gifts? Well, I guess it isn't going to deal. Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zangman bar, sweet continues. Thanks so, Osari, please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You better. Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of thousands freebies worldwide. So pick up your today and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head. The company gave you a hooster word for alcohol, ethics and information which reportedly severed Wiggins hadn't scored the body parts, and has still been in Arizona, actually died in July 2002. Cryonix supporters claim that future signs would be great. Those will allow doctors to bring frozen dead bodies back to life, but most scientists contend that it's highly unlikely and will happen anytime soon. It's out of the question, may foreseeable future, said, nominate toner, a Harvard biomedical engineer, who's an, that was hysterical one had hand-cass me to smoke, who have any Muslims here. Oh, God. We got more ragheads here than you can shake your thing at. You can shake your magic wand at, duh. We can't even freeze and revive individual organs, let alone freeze a human being said, Mr. toner. We're about to feed you morality, said Charles Platt 68, mortality and immorality. So Charles Platt, a science fiction writer with no medical background who'll manage the lab, tight was out court, chief operating or officer. The South Florida laboratory of primarily active say processing facility of freeze dead bodies, Platt said, it will not store bodies. They're just going to be freezing. So freeze over here. And that's great. Lovely. I still think that's a good po idea. Who's head, would we have frozen so we can bring a bastant time? And then of course they all say, oh me. Yeah. No, I don't care so. So not me, me, but me as in them. 560 pound five 60. We're not going to make our thousand things under there. They're not even a chance. They're slow down to a crawl. 488. That's not so great. We need to get to like about 600 by noon. They have a shot. Don't you think? Maybe. Where to these applies to you? 491. I'm 100% head of a sexual male, Mogue as for in 1997. Or we're 60%. I'm a head of a sexual male who has at least 1 sexual experience with a male 65. But a male man. I couldn't you let him know for how it's 54. I'm a head of a sexual female. No gay experience. 26. I'm really a bisexual male. Even though George doesn't believe it. 13. I'm a gay male who has had sex with the one I love. I love the lead. Just relax. I'm a gay male. I'll never had sex with women. 7. So what does that look for? 4.6% gay men. I'm a lesbian who has had sex with a man. 5. I'm really a bisexual female. 5. I'm a lesbian. I'm a bisexual man. 4. And I'm a heterosexual female who has had those being sex 4. Because I was just getting complicated or what? Again, I came to keep track any diaphragm. It's that number 2 that I don't believe. 2. I'm a heterosexual male. What do you guess what? I mean, we don't care. What comes when it's in this? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What's the concept of belongedation? It is something about the more� organising sex. What is it? What here? Perm пробises? It stays around many times and we'll see. I don't have joy. Your father, father not after the show and the world's next. I give it on. The Las Vegas, hello. Mary, I noticed you've been fondling that joint on night. I could have said already. Exactly. Okay. That's the proper way. That's the proper way. Thank you. It's a little bit of a big deal. It's a big deal. Thank you for having me, Mary. It's a 145. I didn't already had him. And the hell broke by the way, Zia Kree was thinking about I had a lot of moments there doing a break. How's the whole break? Okay. And the movie was a TV movie, a certain summer 1972, which I'm sure I see that. About the young man who's father comes turns out to be gay. And of course, how old work is about his straight look in an acting user? And how about Michael Ankeen? Right. Making love, remember that movie with the J.J. that would Janet Jackson and K.J. Action, too? Right. Yes, I do. Michael Ankeen. Mary, I was sitting there looking at him. I'm a big apartment with him. Harry Hamwich, where she looked to awfully gay. Ever since, I always thought Harry Hamwich was gay. Even when he got married in Nicolae, Sheridan, which didn't last forever, but never last ever. But always, Sheridan, right. It's also that Greek movie. Really? How do you know he was in, too? Yeah, a clash with the Titans? How the whole break was always considered, in fact, isn't it timely because he tied deep throat in all the president's men? Huh. See how all of these things kind of waged like a drink, jigsaw puzzle? And trying to figure it out will be, I guess it was in fame, where Lee Woj's girlfriend had that big ass, you know, that big shoes rose, little tights, little bloody. What is it about black women and big sloppy asses? You know what, what is that? To that extent. You know what that is? Sure. No, you know what I'm talking about, what is that? I'm talking about a big old ass. I'm not talking about a big, a big, a big, a big, a big, a big old ass. Like a lot of you who you're, is like, I'm talking about a sloppy big old ass. Huh? Cornbread bread. Cornpone? Cornpone. Cornpone? Hi, ranking security and intelligence officials, all. They're not, they're not. Hi, ranking security and intelligence officials ward in the Wichleyford London Bommies at the war in Iraq had increased the risk of terrorism in Britain, it had increased the war in Iraq, okay? Are you following this boys and girls? I don't understand how that could work. A report by the Joint Terrorist Analyzation Center, which includes officials from MI5 MI6 DCHQ and G.L.X. and Alley Zvez and the police, especially L.A.S. Red involvement in Iraq with terrorist activity in the UK, although it concluded that no group currently had the intent in the capability demanded attack in the New York Times said, which, of course, did that turn out to be right? The events in Iraq are continuing to launch this motivation and the focus of a range of terrorist related activity in the UK to report a copy which was leaked to the paper by a foreign intelligence agency BCN. The vehicle embarrassed Prime Minister Tony Blair and other ministers who yesterday, slightly rejected a thing-tank reports conclusion that the Iraq conflict had increased the terror threat to the UK. It doesn't take a genius to finger that out, we don't need to bring back Shilai Koms. Both downing street and the foreign office refused to come in out today's claims, we do not come in and leaked documents to Prime Minister's official spokesman said. A foreign office spokesman added, we do not come in and alleged leaks, whatever they are. I remember what I said before, nothing was then a bad leak, right? The New York Times reported that the secret J. Pack Report was recent to British government agencies and foreign governments in mid-June had said, in mid-June, at President there is not a group with both a current intent and a capability to attack the UK. The J. Pack Report was written about three weeks before, four suicide bombers launched the tax on Sri London, two trains, two and a bus currently 56. The report prompted the government to lower its formal threat assessment by one level from severe defiance of substantial, as reported by the Guardian under the Aftali July 7, to tax. Security officials insisted that I'm grading of the threat level without a effective response to the police emergency services through the flags. How do you like that? They are so out to lunch, man. They're just missing out on the list of how attacking people increases the threat. How about your report? When you attack someone, how come they don't just love you after that? Why so? Yeah, like I said, it takes Shilai Koms and Dr. Watson to figure that one out. And maybe Miss Maupul threw it to her as in there, Elio Carillo. A group called Floridians for a stem cell research in Cures launched a California style initiative yesterday, and I'm sure you talked about this at length. Oh, not not. When its leaders pledging to seek taxpayer money, not only for research on embryos, but also for therapeutic cloning. The group is starting to stay wide campaign. The race one and a half million dollars said founder Bert Errantson, a Palm Beach County commissioner, the money would be used to collect these six hundred eleven thousand signatures needed to put the constitutional amendment before voters in the September 2006. Goober into our primary. I saw a door to your door boy. I see if they make it a constitutional amendment. Then he's bad ass right when you're like, yeah, Bush can't say, oh no, can't do that. See that? I see it. I mean, is there any doubt about it? 567560, compound six in the Verizon singular wireless lines. I mean, then we're going to get the name of that to New Supreme Court Judge appointee. What did I do? I already tossed that. I'll toss it because I rid of them when Hank and I were doing the crossover. When we did our 45 minute crossover, I guess into the summer broad. Some circuit, of course, charge from all means. Who is a okay with Roe V Wade? What? If they were pissed off about Gonzalez, who's a man is Gonzalez, they're reading it to be pork off about this all in right wingers. All of the people are just all one of those they can. Oh, is interesting that I'm starting to have like a real conflict with the government. I'm not sure which group of people I despise more for are pissing ago and more of those Israelis. Oh, I can't even describe you there. There behavior was like it was like the first day out of the house. You know what I mean? They probably say some people do not know how to behave when they're let out of the house. They can't enter a mingle with other human beings. They are lacking in social skills if you catch my drift. This is really people they were like, oh god. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. What makes a word woman so holy and so easy? WQAM Hello. I don't know. Yes sir. I'm coming to buy your ice cream cold earlier today. No. Was that called take a bite? Just old people because old people the only one that's still like frame flavors. No, that was nationwide man. That was among all people. Young old in between. See this is I mean you name him. Okay, is it man? Yeah. Locky road rules. Amen. I love rocky road. Man like my own taste. Okay, pal. It looks good. Nothing like traveling the old rocky road. It is really rock solid. Yeah. Why are we going to start with the ice cream pack again? I can't do that. I don't want to admit to Josh that I've fallen off the wagon a couple of times. Oh, you don't have to sit over here. You already know. Well, cinnamon I was starting to say before you know what is really this is a miracle. I've had a not suggest this. Not cinnamon toast bread. Bread is one of those things that you just don't metabolize well it turns to sugar immediately. And if you do the cinnamon toast. No, I saw a blurb on TV so I googled it. Cinnamon and blood sugar. Okay. And come to find out. Now be very careful when you go into your supermarket because they also in the herb section in the spice rack. They have cinnamon mixed with sugar. You do not want to cut. Why do we buy a nail? It's pretty convenient. Yeah, but just paying ground cinnamon. Which who doesn't like cinnamon? Let's face it. No, what I know. Now I'm going to say something here and you're going to laugh at me. But it's true. I have tried it twice. Josh, don't listen. Put your fingers in your rear. Oh, but. Yeah. Are they already were there? But, uh, hog and dyes banana nut, which you normally digs into the nut. Mm-hmm. If you do your melting in a microwave, 99 seconds. I know that sounds like an awful lot, but it is when you buy it. It's a rock solid. It's a brick. Anyway, you take your hog and dyes banana nut and you like melt it. Yeah, however much you like, a little bit. And then you take your cinnamon, your ground cinnamon, and you shake on a lot. Which see ordinarily it would be, I mean, a certain things that wouldn't mix the flavor of your bed. It wouldn't cool, but a cinnamon and the banana nut is a real nifty mix. It's great. You like, you swirl it all through there, okay? Okay. And the amazing part of this is at least I can always think for my own personal experience is that your blood sugar goes up a little bit and then like magic. Way that little magic wand you got there. Like magic. It starts going down again. Huh. And so what I've been doing is I like take my cinnamon. I'll do what I'm watching TV. I have a red on my little coffee table and living room. All right. And I'll take the cinnamon and like shake a bunch of it into my hand. All right. Just lick it off. I need him to with a spoon, but that's not fun. Well, it's a little bitter though. No, cinnamon is bitter. All of it will take its great like that. Isn't it a little harsh? I never took its straight. No? That's what I heard. No, it is not harsh. I'm going to go get me some green and break and put my little jar of cinnamon. Okay. So if you don't believe me, go online and read about just a Google on cinnamon and blood sugar and you'll find billions of articles. Now they do also recommend like apple pie because it's made with cinnamon. I don't, I don't buy that. I'm sorry. That's what it says. Now maybe for some people depending on their own metabolism. Maybe some people can eat apple pie. It's got a lot of cinnamon on it. And instead of your sugar goes scourrock, it can be a last day go down. Because I tried the cinnamon toast thing. I got some nice rib red, which rise not the glycemic level is not that bad. Like white red. I got some rib red and I should have some butter on here. I'd ask her I toast to it. I put on some cinnamon. And now, then work here. Sugar still goes zooming. Not good. But I'll hug and ask banana nut. Now you might want to try it. I'm so different flavor, you guys. I'll check my blood sugar. Next up I have some. No you won't. Thanks. I'm glad you're going to be doing it. I'm dying on the hand. I can't count it. Why don't you get Corral that man? Do something with him. Okay. Wait. Wait. What about you to do wrestled? Yeah. Give it to me. Good. Well, Martin is ready. Just restrain him or something. I'll look at the oil. Or give him that kid. That little. What do they call that? What is it? The kid. The blood sugar kid. Right. I come on. I got the compact. What do I do? I can. You later. Whatever it is. The acute. Check it. Yeah. Acute. Check. Right. You were thinking. Okay. Here's what we got so far. Speak in a sex which of course is all anybody cares about. I mean, what else are we going to do about this? Yeah. Our economy is just. No. This is your fearless leader. Right. He's meeting with Australia and Prime Minister. Howard. Howard. Do do do do do do do do do. 533 people have been chicked on our survey. So far, we're not going to make that 1,000 by 2 of the clock. I'll bet you your life on right now, Josh. We're not going to make it. I'll make that same bet. Yeah. It's pretty weak. 533. I got to do is go on there and click it. I just because we don't have any naked pictures. I'm 100% hit a sexual male. Moogase experiences. 321. I'm hit a sexual man. It was hit at least one sexual experience with a male. 74. 13. 7% I couldn't even wear our stify 4. I'm a heterosexual female. No way experiences 31. I'm really a bisexual male. 14. Really? I'm a camey. I was hit 6 with the woman. 11. I'm a camey. No sex with the woman. 9. 4 to 3.6%. I'm really a bisexual female. 6. I'm a lesbian who's hit 6 with the man. 5. I'm a heterosexual female. I was hit 6 with the man. I'm a lesbian. I never hit 6 with no man. I don't want to see one of those things. 4. 4. I'm a sex with the woman. 4. I'm a gay woman. 4. I'm a gay woman. Mark Morgan is the 12th of one hour on QATAUM. Okay. How many days of QATAUM is like a bad joke. It's all the way. I want to admit that tiny brains prove that the place is too tiny on the kid. 4. What do I do? Because she looks like a piece of an endless drug on goals. Whenever she's around like crazy, you don't have proof of the soul. So what's the same? The girl from Dawson's dream. I think the whole thing is strange, not a thing. She's being pulled by the cow shopping freak. She is a playable last day. She hasn't I feel free. One day she lost her vehicle, she was trying to call her she. 4. What can he hold she looks so confused and scared like a farm that's lost track of the small. There's no way that this sugar always pretend for the life where she's married to Tom. 3. She's not bright, nothing in her cover. 1. She ever heard of the old girl from Dawson's dream. I don't think her brain is far too big well. She's breathing out since she can't even tell. She's got both hands off the wheel. I think the child will be with me. She's like the only girl in the world who has a whole life in her dreams. Okay, so I got my cinnamon right here. My poor man, my permanent poor man, your grandson. You're like a... I'm afraid of the sprinkling of the scissor in my hand. I don't know. How can you say that what did you call it? Better. No. What's better about cinnamon? What if my self, that's why people know it was sugar. No. No. No, they must anything was sugar, just because of my right. Much sweeter. No. It was really good. In fact, I can feel my blood sugar plummeting. I made this hit the floor any second. Here you go. So I googled it and I did, you know, I don't want to bore everybody with all this. Because most people are not diabetic. Although a lot of you are. Many of you aren't. You don't say you're either in denial or you're just a full of him. First of all, you shouldn't be nice to you anyway, you fast-slide. You're going to be dead. Yeah, someday. You know, we have a spoonful instead of a bit. We do. We do. What thing about that cinnamon, it's a little bit? It's a full of one. If you don't. All. All. All. All. But not a sign. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. Great. Not a sign. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. All. Okay. Now what am I missing about that? What is supposed to be about? I think it has to do with don't forget the cheese. Really? What I've heard. I see. Well, sounds like something. Okay. To me. Leave it to you. Anyway, Kathy Wong was an ND. What's an ND? And your, nature of a, Dr. Nick Ropadee. I'll take your work for it. Now there's not a real doctor. Kathy Wong writes on a website called Ultra Independent Medicine. One of the easiest things you can do to improve blood sugar and increase insulin is to add up to a half a teaspoon of cinnamon to your by each day. That's not a whole lot. Have a teaspoon. Is it? No. It's not. Some of our research highlights about the cinnamon blood sugar connection are and it's got a long thing on here. A human study published in diabetes care looked at 60 people with type of diabetes 30 men. And 30 women. And 30 women. But 30 men. With an average age of 52, they were divided into six groups. Groups one to three consume one for your six grams of cinnamon daily. Respectively, group score five and six were given placebo capsules. Course by the number of capsules consumed for the three levels of cinnamon. After 40 days. All three levels of cinnamon intake reduced fasting blood glucose ranging from 18 to 29 percent to our glycerized 23 to 30 percent. But 30 men. Hold the outclassed raw acid bath stuff 7 to 27 percent in total cholesterol 12 to 26 percent. And also not only do that but they also have antioxidants in an activation. Okay. The active compounds are not lost with heating so you can try adding cinnamon to water before heating and boiling them together. You can do like putting your cinnamon tea. If you don't like the look or texture tea made with ground cinnamon, try making a tea-breening water to a boil with a piece of cinnamon bark added to it. Where do you get cinnamon bark? They have that you can bite in jars. Do you have a cinnamon bark? Yeah. Try to spread a cinnamon on salads. Open your landing a bit to chicken or meat before cooking. Don't use more than a half teaspoon of the amount that a priest will be safe for most people. Gladiolama, I'll use that for much I want. Cinnamon increases vitality and balances energy. It's especially good for people who tend to have hot upper body and clover lower body. So you can also improve the digestion of fruits, milk and other dairy products. Also for you, very important way of potente since you're an IBM scyna. You've got that irritable bowel. Right? And if they're right, cinnamon is also good for bloating, gas, poor digestion. Our throttocene and the painful menstrual period is in diarrhea. How do you like that? Well, all right then. Okay. I've started to share it right now if I were you. Let me go get some. You're probably going to write your publics in the in the spice to those spice to it. Be sure not to get to the moment of sure all in your case. I'm just a moment of good that. Don't get to the moment of sugar when it gets out of productive. Okay. Don't be taking pudding poison in your cinnamon. Mr. I'll use sugar and nutrients later something. What? Cinnamon and nutrients later. We haven't moved it all now. 560 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless lines. There are AIDS offered the recognition and that short of a crime constitute the firing offense. You know, I appreciate you bringing that up. My answer really hadn't changed. She 24 hours ago. It's the same answer. Now I'd be glad to answer another question if you got one. I think I'd be glad to be able to say the answer. I think I should be able to do it. Which is there's an ongoing investigation and people shouldn't. And what? So I'm to conclude. I was in the press all the investigations over. I'm going to investigate the issues over. I'll deal with it. Do you have another question? I don't want to short change you on. What do you think the eat is come on? Pardon me? You think the eat is come on for the court? Oh well. I think it's important. Let me refer you back to the first question. Oh, but he didn't even bother me all the way up. I'm very afraid. Nothing. People are serious about this guy. Why? You know when you go to people? No, I don't. I don't need to. I'm actually going to say it's really serious about it. For one from a woodbind evening. The fact that they should have been hanging out at the burning bush. 567.0560.560. The rise in singular wireless line. W2AM hello. Okay. 3 very quick but important point. Yes. We're going to see how the media is manipulated by these people with this A diverse version with the clean court. See how they really are. Because they're already warning the rest of the images. Let's see what they really do. Another thing. We have people like you. They are off-play. Going into air, we've turned on our approaches. Talking about terrorism terrorism terrorism. And what I want to do is do. You know, like I call on Miami Beach. She's defending in all over the American people. And you want all of her Hispanic names because of her third point. So I found the target magazine for 2005. Okay. What are the 8000 great talk show of the ball time run? Well, the 200 million greatest talk show host ever ran. It's ridiculous. I just really would like to know how these people do. They won't do media. But they don't do anything. Let's see what they do to combat them. Because that's what they're doing. Okay. Another second. Did you hear anything when they asked them a question about the real thing? How people started laughing at that. And that's the first one of this country. And they're laughing at how stupid he is. Yeah. People are dying and we're laughing. Okay. Good luck in Palli. It's 10 to cross people demand additional freedoms. So, some economic interests. I think it's in the world's interest. I mean, seriously, how can anybody with a straight face look at this and say, if this is the leader of the free world, this is our president. This is a man who's, oh, brother. That was a straight face. No. Come on with a gay case. Come on in Q.A. and. Okay. Nobody on that line. Why I say it. A little slim and grim, you know what? Somebody Q.A. and hello. Hey, get up in the near. Mr. You know, I was listening to the article that you read about the escalation of violence. And I was, I had a, you know, you remember General Boykin? Sure. And he says, oh, our god is better than your god. And we write a Christian country. I like to when he said, I was my favorite. Well, I said, I say, but I mean, that that's it. I'm creeping against me. I'm white American and Jewish. Well, you're done for, man. Don't go to Israel, by the way. My mom's going. I'm fighting with her. We have pepperis Alami, Sam, which okay. Packers and still, huh, huh. It's unbelievable. She's fighting. She says she's sick. She's more scared to go to have insurance. More at night than to go to Israel. Yeah. Exactly. You know, she's never been scared. I don't want her to be. So I don't want her to go. You know, just keep her off the bus. All right, man. Be safe. Good luck to you. Happy Shivala, Spiderman. 567. That's what I wanted to say. Those Israelis, they're okay. Two things. Number one. Happy Shivala. And number two. Casa voice. And number three. Get lost. Get out of here. Get off my shoulder. Get away from me. Get off everybody here. Go ask civilized. Come to QAnne. Hello. Hello. Good to hear you back. Yes sir. This is the judge. They said I'm just meeting issues to play. Just bring that up on the blind and then just enjoy kickback and follow it on them. There you go. Alright. WQAnne. QAnne. Hello. We'll spend the cash in here right now. QAnne. No time. WQAnne. Hello. I got two questions. Yes sir. One. Do you know anybody who does not say this for a few days? Yeah. And what's the second question? Um. Okay. We'll work on it. Okay. I like to say I didn't back to my file here. Why? I thought I'd give an a shout-in-all. At least there's some different photos to that. Oh it's great. You kidding me? This is some heavy-duty craft we got going on here today. That's a new one. See you. Yeah. I like that. See this? 1213 at 5.60WM for years I've been telling you about dry concepts. The best carpet thing you have come to be around with is why I've used in my houses for over 20 years. But are you aware that dry concepts can also save your hundreds even thousands of dollars in other areas? Dry concepts also do fantastic drip re-cleaning. A post-relead furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, or yet a rug cleaning, and repair. Pet order treatments and water damage too. Dry concepts can also clean a restore your talent graph quickly and efficiently. Dry concepts for a professional staff is always improving the serve you with the most advanced Finning systems under the sun. And during this month during the month of July, do you believe it's already July 18, 19, I can't stand it? Before you know if this whole scam, I mean something's going to be over here. During the month of July, it's drive concept, summer sizzlers sale take advantage of great savings for you. On all of dry concepts or vases from carpet cleaning, the talent graph clean is the only place you ought to be calling and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price for the job before they start a matter of what they do for you. So a daydry out in the pond reaches column 4 for you, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, run the wicked web with strifeconcepts.com. Don't forget you really can clean today and entertain that we use our good friends at dry concepts. How many concepts for us? We have three of the stories. How many? How many? How many? How many? How many? How many? How many, how many? How many? How many? How many? How many? How many? I can't help, and I can't tell if I still can't touch it. Or did you run the coin scheme and go to the studio now? How many? How many? Well, I'll have something important even. As for me, you'll have something twenty-three and we'll be there, and if we're there, no? How many? hav solid kids? I choked up my popcorn and my candy. I'll be at her doorstep and better to get on this. I can't remember if I cried when I read the chewy came a fright. I breathed really in the fire did fire. The day she left that guy. So high, high, Mr. American pie. Pentesties that you would take me will just buy in the sky. Since I was just a boy I wish that I was your guy. I had no chance in hell but at least I tried. My proposition has been denied. Okay, Tom I see the five six do nobody QOM. Whatever you're saying, the number of Iraqi civilians on that violent death in the two years after the US innovation was today put up 24,865, I had an independent research team but who's counting? The figures compiled from Iraqi and international media reports found US and coalition military forces were responsible for 37% of the deaths with anti-occupation force and insurgents responsible for 9%. A further 36% were blamed on criminal violence. Sounds just like you got a place that we'd like to hang out, right? Right. Go on down. Swords you like to hang out, bad dad or teleview. What do we say? People say to me, what do you travel all over the world to go to your ball of time and how come you never go to Israel? And my immediate thought is, for what? For myself in jeopardy, the hotel's there. Yeah, no thanks. And the food there is from hunger. Even the Arab safe thing. Subbing in debt's attributed to US and coalition military forces peaked in the invasion period from March to May 2003, which accounts for 30% Not 30%! And also been in debt in the two year period, but the longer term trend has been for increasing numbers to die at the hands of insurgents. What do you like more? Better detergents are insurgents. Figures obtained last week on the Iraqi Interior Ministry put the average of it in the police officer's dead toll in the surgeon's tanks from August 2004 to March 2005, 800 a month. That's like about 10,000 years sounds like to me. Translaboda, now wait to hear this. Translaboda of the Iraq Body Count Project. What was co-authored in the report last year, research group said the Iraqi civilian debt toll was the forgotten cost of the decision to go to war in Iraq. On average, 34,000 Watties every day have met violentists since the invasion he said. Our data shows that no sector for the Iraqi society has escaped. We sincerely hope this research will help to inform the lawmakers around the world about a real world. About the real needs of the Iraqi people as they struggle to rebuild space country, the one that you bombed in the supervision, and in the summer the reeds and showed off electric in the water and the oil etc. So on. Getting to something much more serious. A 27 year old married man was arrested in charge for allegedly leaving threatening notes on women's cars demanding that they removed their panties and leave them in the space where their vehicle was parked police toll channel 6. I like that. Did it work? Investigators said Nicholas Cogard 27 could wait until a woman would exit a vehicle in a parking lot at celebration in health in Asio or county and other locations in the open between the front drivers and rear passengers go on the windshield. If the door was unlocked he would also be the note on a car seat. Cogard demanded that the woman removed their underwear and faced the garment in the parking space where he presumably would pick it up later. Local 6 news reporter Nancy Alver West that I'm assuming this is gentle 6 in Orlando. All right. Obviously. If they didn't comply threatened to find them and perform various sex acts. I mean this is whatever it's a crappy channel. This is a statement. What? Which act? No, not yet. The first incident of threatening notes is reported in 2000 when overleads occurred till last May. Several months of surveillance at a parking lot led to epidemics to the arrest of Cogard. After questioning he admitted the crimes and outfaces six felony counts of written threats to killer new bodily injury. Police and progress also struck in St. Cogard, Kissimmee and Orlando. Let her similar to Cogard's or found on cars at a home deeple on Highway 1902 in St. Cogard. And nearby Windyxie and a targetster on North Violin Street in Kissimmee, Sheriff had taken a look in the speak to the original woman made it. Pick them out. Just look for some women right in the round with no panties on. That should give you the first clue, right? Oh, speaking of Israel. This is one of my favorite stories of all time. See, I think the one that really bothered me was that woman, you know, seen that we need to feed her $1,000. She was so impressed by the fact that these Israelis were Jewish. You know, like, first of all, it's a novelty here. There's nothing novel about being Jewish in Toronto, okay? That's number one. And number two, it's just, it kinders up that whole thing about the birds of a feather floor together. I can't get it. It's annoying. There are behaviors of notches. There are nothing like a bunch of barbarians. And you're impressed because they're Jewish. I'd be embarrassed. I was humiliated. That's like a bunch of wild animals. Anyway, Florence Sokolov was among the legions of consumers who had turned to Canadian pharmacies, purchasing tablets to increase the strength of her bones because the medication was cheaper in Canada than her home in Ford, Lauderdale. Then he saw an advertisement, a Jewish magazine, an offered another alternative. Now, Sokolov's study, Ford goes on the internet and offers her orders of medication from Israel, or she can find lower prices than those of Canadian pharmacies, and will she prefers to spend her money. There were enough companies that have been strangled in a not doing business with Israel because of political boycotts. And if I can do anything at all in my small way, I'll do what she said. She was crawling, as she said, that I'm sure. Do you ever crawl all the time? It's really companies such as, see, this is spelled in AGEN, so I'm assuming it's Megan David Medz, Megan David Menna-Mogan. MeganDoveAdmids.com, and Israel Medz.com, court the prescription drug market by advertising and national Jewish newspaper, some magazines, often figging lower prices and solidarity. MeganDaveidsMids.com, Ed's tell shockers they're going to be saving money, and supporting me is really economy at the same time. For her first order, placed in May, MeganDaveidsMids.com, tried so close, $115.80 for dozens of 70-mode grant tablets of Pfizer Max. What is that? I don't know, for bones, I guess. Plus, $9.99 for shipping. The same order would cost $210.99 that it will be in September, and $133 from Canada prescription plus, and online supplier prescription drugs. So if you see $18, almost. I can't have a much less than year of the Israeli government established in drug prices rather than allowing them to be set by the free market as in the US, rather than allowing the public to be raped by the pharmaceutical company, Sages in the US. The prices are as much as 70% lower in Israel, MeganDaveidsMids.com claims, some brand drug named drugs are identical in Israel, others are as unified products that the same chemical ingredients. But critics say Americans do buy from other countries are compromising safety for cost, and you know what we're concerned about in America, don't you? Thank you. Thank you. You got it. Safety, safety, safety. Many Canadian pharmacies have displayed was that if you're hurt, you have to write to students at the time of getting us the FDA's director of pharmacy affairs. If anything goes wrong with prescription drugs, so the US, you said consumers have recourse with the state pharmacy board on the FDA. It's more of a threat to the public health of US citizens because we don't know anything about these medications. How they were stored. How they were shipped as opposed to the US state license pharmacy. They were in Florida, he said. Soke law says he's not swayed by arguments that US drugs are safer. The American drug companies are robbers. She said they're not very straight with us. They're greedy. I'm sure the drug companies are candid and they're wish to poison their people. Israel does not wish to poison its people. Nice going, Frank, Florence, whatever you need. Switching to your smile from Israel. To support the Israelis. Nice. Lovely. And to save a few bucks. Everybody out here. Why not? You can do both. There you go. 26 past noon at 5.60. WDQAM. Get Mo off today. And I said, so I'm on such a good mood today. It goes to Mo and England over. He'll be back tomorrow, though. And look at all that Lenny Martiz on the schedule. First, right for him, he'll be able to show this morning for his usual meet and greet. Then I think it's insolent. Of course, but you know, a little meet and greet. I said, how come Lenny Martiz is all over the schedule? And he said, Why? Why is he? 27 afternoon at 5.60. Maybe that's the reason, Troy. Maybe that's the ideal. The ammo cost is for his number one. Asian gourmet buffet. That's not just my opinion. As I well know having eaten there is an in time. But also, the opinion is against restaurant review. U.S. Gordon, now every Friday through Sunday night lobster faces back by property remaining at a motocost featuring main lobster, served thermodore style. And you can still enjoy crab test every night with less than 10,000 snot crab legs. Dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs. The main still includes oysters on the half shell and a sushi bar with over 30. But there's a man. Different items. In addition, the ammo cost is handcar per member cooked just the way you like it. And from their flaming grill, succulent New York states too. Top off dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chopper fund where you can hand if you're on strawberries, marshmallows, other deck and treats shareable cinnamon on it too, by the way. And don't forget the ammo cost for us healthy living, including all their fine cuisine with cholesterol for canola oil. The best is no headaches, no cornstarch, no crab. So both your reservations of the ammo cost relocations are in sunrise, sunny hours, beach and fembric pines for the ammo cost, called 9 by 4, 5, 7, 2, 38, 22 when you're in the mood for a real pig out, a real face isn't a place. The ammo cost Chinese the face. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best is the best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. Public policy decision. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. It's been our understanding that Catholicism does not agree with our statement of faith that any state-director current steward wrote, our practice not to accept applications from Catholics was an effort to be good stewards of an adopted applicant's time, money and emotional energy. Sandian Robert Stiment who learned to Bethany's decision-made major lie, if letters said they're priesthood and the faith statement did not conflict with Catholic teaching. Lawyer Williams of nearby Ridgeland, said she and her husband Wes had a similar experience when they started a person above him September of last year. I can't believe in agency that nationwide won't act like this, Louisa said there was an agency with Christian based but wasn't willing to help people across the board. Nothing based in Grand Rapids mission in which by the way is a horrible place, and 75 offices in 30 states. Not judgment. Including three orifice in Mississippi. The orifice is independently incorporated or affiliated with various religions, close to John Van Beckhamberg, said from agency headquarters, he wouldn't say whether any work Catholic affiliated. The Jackson Office is affiliated with Presbyterian Church of America, blend the modest president of Bethany's son on Friday with the policies open and to interpretation. He said the national office doesn't ban adoptions to Catholic families but does allow each friends to establish rules for the placement of children based on the agency's statement of faith. As the Savior, Jesus takes away the sins of the world as Stiment seven part, Jesus is the one in whom we are called to put our hope, our only hope for forgiveness of sin and for reconciliation of God and with one another. Sandy Stiment said she was certain disappointed at Bethany. We see friends from the true blood Carlisans place. I know a lot of Catholics who get those tags, he said. Soccer is to get a phyto-catalist of money should be okay to open your home to us. That's what I stand. You also try, Sandy. You're out. You're going to find a warrant. I'm going to be pardoned. But they try to warrant the Catholics at the fundamentalist state. They're like, you mean like Bob Jones? That's right. Let's see. What then is this a make? Can I just said virgin mirror thing? If you people would let go of the virgin mirror, you'd stop rubbing in van beads and put all them chasques down. Maybe the fundamentalist Christians would have gotten to you, but I doubt it. It wouldn't be any fun. No, I'm not saying in the Hail Mary's over and over again. God. And I started on that thing before to break with the madrosis. There is a classic example. Every time I see that, that's what you need to know about religion. This is what you are doing to your children. Maybe not exactly the same way, but in some of the ways, in that way, in a whole more and more muscular is just as insidious because you're slipping them out. Church, slipping them into your shoulder, sticking to the knees on their heads, forcing them to read a lot of mumbo gym, what it's all man written crap. A lot of written crap. Of course, teaching them a hate anybody who doesn't share their particular brand of crap. I mean, when is the day coming? Are we going to start out at the Franco American crowd against the sheriff like our D-Crod? We don't like your can to toss this at air for you must be happy, please don't. You're not here. We're going to kill you. Because you're eating around kind of canned crap, Ola. Well, it's all about your crap, Ola anyway. And they're dominant. And they're rocking. And they're about to beat the nobody. They're made of carpet. And by the time they're like, eight and a half and a half, they're doing the suicide bombings. They're crazy that a bed bug at that point. They're going to see a bed bug in a flying carpet? Yeah, lately. Frost raid in Iraqis, where I share not a whole pile of stuff here. And I've been wished in my time. Why didn't you tell me to stop at a stupid call? I'm sorry. Hey, so I'm not going to be good though. Q-A-M. Get on the roof. Now you hit it. You need to be keenies to be murdered. He really does. We need to do a way without one. It needs to be taken out as they say. Iraqis have begun burricating themselves in their homes and forming neighborhood militias in an effort to fend off or live the suicide attacks residents in the capital say yesterday. Sounds like everything is fine. Oh, we're fine. The measures come a made waning confidence in Iraqi police and other security forces as they struggle to get on top of the T-Roll in Surgency. In the latest attack, 98 people were killed by suicide truck bombs south of Baghdad Saturday. Well, it says the latest benefits before the ones that we'd like to talk about earlier in the show. I mean, the latest is what ever happened five minutes ago. A senior member of Iraq's parliament on Sunday called for popular militias to be created is an extra line of defense against the militants and criticized the government for failing to stop the bombs. The plans of the interior and defense ministry to impose security in Iraq have failed. Tadour al-Khuzai told parliamentary heated session following the latest blast. We need to bring back popular militias to the lower Spain. Then we have a tourist loan for a Baghdad. Visit Iraq. It's a blast. Now there was some backing for his proposal. There are concerns. Lewis has formed a long-saitary alliance, believe the country. Even closer to Civil War was she had insumy herbs already involved in tit-fortat killings. Despite their fear, you heard it. Despite their fear, local nurses already have informed in civil Baghdad areas. And at least two she had political movements and their own powerful private army. Sounds like Civil War to me. What do I know? Otherwise, it's not the answer. Just seeming as if I was passing. No, go at the upstairs. No. It's like an open link, septic tank. Really? Yeah. But don't tell me. It's fast-forward game by again. Let's know when the gas traffic and your bathroom isn't working right. Right. Like that. Don't tell me, Ming, it's the stolen jail. Or maybe they're anticipating the book away from tomorrow. Oh, yeah, there's going to be a lot of wild diarrhea in that place. It is going to be incredible. I don't know. You know, his Hank was kind of like, like, why did I bother answering? I was in the bathroom. There was insensitive on my part. He could pull it out. He could have a big deal. He could have never know. He'd have it up. Are you a Hank people? You better hop on it, man. You better get over it. And stop, like, hang on a month. Of course, now that we got to basketball, finally, or where we got to that fire off there, that certainly can only be a bonus. Oh, God. Please, please, clearance. Stop it already. He needs to be kidnapped. Clarence. He needs to be taken away so that the rest of us can be safe. 639, you think we're going to make 800, what do you say? And that's got to be our new goal. We have to, like, down, down side. Sandeeks. Fucking dickie. Mm-mm. Backup. Get out. Light cut-on. Gاذempo. First and foremost, if there's a good one called Amri, I don't know where I'm going to start. That's the same as the first one. Come on, get it. There's probably not an end of the confinatus. That's right. It's an interpunkter. Yeah, what is school waiting school teacher? Whatever. We had a discovery. I think I'm going to cut down my family of space. Hey, darling. And you're going to spend the long, real estate commission. So, long, even last. You're going to play the other way. Stop the bad guys, come play. Stop the bad guys, come play. Don't play, we've got you. I'll set my gun. Hey, don't play, don't play. Everybody, don't play. Hey, don't play. We're all lost, don't play. What is what the game is? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We could use the bad guys, we could throw the wrong way. People think that they can't. If they don't, it's better to run. We can't even take it. I don't know. I don't know. We don't know. We can't even play. I don't know. We can't even play. I don't know. I don't know. We can't even play. We can't even play. We can't even play. We can't even play. We can't even play. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Hello? Hello? The video on the panel is a little dim. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't. I don't know. What run? I think we're back. Oh, and a little technical difficulty which is very hard to believe. It's two a.m. but nevertheless, so we were off the air for like, like, about four five minutes. Thereabouts, maybe. That should be real good audience, Boer. So what do you want to do? How do you want to do this? Josh. Yeah, you're not on the air, Josh. For some reason. How about now? We have a reset. Oh, no, my bad. Oh, it's a reset. The whole board was reset. You called this a radio station? You're a radio station. You're a radio station. You're like, I'm going to hit a spot in the middle. I don't know what time it is. But if it's time for the 12 out for break, we can just play that and I'll play the one spot that we need to play. Yeah. The break we missed. I see. Well, when you don't want to go, you have a clock in there. Boy, we just reset. So it's right. It clocks out zero. I'm not resetting. I'm like, my life is pretty right along. It always does. It's 107. It's poor. I'm all right along. So in other words, you want to incorporate that one minute into the, yeah, whatever. Just take the break as well, after and the only spot I really need to play is that one we missed. Well, good. I'll play. Everything is fine. We're just fine. Of course, that kind of like, how it's open for about maybe 140, right? Because I don't like to be an overworked. We don't have no volume today or Thursday. And I like to just be an overworked two full days a week in the summer. So we apologize for, usually, but our audience would be getting pretty used to it, right? When you think, I'm sure they are. Thanks to all those people that call this fact in, said, you're off the air. Thank you very much. See, first I thought it was like an hour line here between me and there. Right. Well, we said, that just doesn't happen. There isn't any reason. That's what I thought. That's what I thought. But we couldn't hear ourselves. I see. Okay. Let me just move along. Tampa. And of course, we had the earlier surroundist. Is there a little say, remember, devil of faith? You will not do it. I don't know about it. Okay. A memo school reading teacher who says, well, I asons that a 14 year old student made 10 blood headlines broke off, Pinochations with prosecutors, and will claim insanity in December Trial Attorney Saviour. Like that. There were a fade, 24 was under such emotional stress. And she didn't know right from wrong when she had sex with a 14 year old student. Numbers done. And that's what happened when I checked in Oregon. Wasn't it, Oregon or Washington? What was it? It was a very close. She didn't know why from long. Then were less than 24 was under such emotional stress that she didn't know right from wrong when she had sex with a 14 year old student. Numbers times in June, 2004 attorney John Fitz given said after a brief court hearing. May the December 5 trial date was set. Fitz given said plea bargaining broke down because prosecutors wanted too much prison time for a fae, who appeared in court Monday, but didn't speak. And by the way, those of us who watched finding light are we supposed to just have I was sitting and forget about Allen and what happened before he got scared it away by what's it? I'm sorry, I can't handle it no more, I'm losing it. The place on a track of young way and now Philip is alive now, which at any rate. The place on a track of young woman that kind of hellhole is like putting a piece of raw meat in with a lion said for the scabbers, it wouldn't talk about details of the negotiations, I'm not sure Deborah would survive. He said he had hoped to settle the case with a plea agreement, not only for Debbie's sake but for the young man's sake. She was crazy, she didn't know what she was doing, she didn't know why from Wong. State attorney's office spoke from an unpanned bondy, I wonder she's keen to dig behind you or Bula Bondy, also wouldn't disclose to tell the negotiations that said prosecutors made every effort to resolve the case and now we'll have to put the victim in the assembly through a trial. Thirds Wayne Timmerman agreed to do a point two mental health professionals to abide a way to live safe, who fits Kimbetset, where claims she is not guilty about reasonable insanity. What teacher in the right mind would do something like this but given said? And that was a good excuse? Okay. Oh my, the president, we were all here, the president's going to be an outsy, not a clock tonight, the Supreme Court nominee, it's going to be that fraud from Manolines, either from Uncle. This wasn't that what our name was? It's up like that. I think it was Eva's Uncle from New Orleans. So, I'm glad we're going to play. So, I'm glad you're playing. The famous charge was for fellow council, Louisville, city's battery, one kind of Louisville, civil exhibition, each prison maximum 15 year prison term. Prosecutors said that the state side college is all way in terms you would not insane at the time while one hired by the defense concluded that she was mentally ill. The teen age was full of investigators that he and the famous newly wedded the time, got to know each other when they went back from a class trip to see World Orlando, May 2004. You got any tickets to see World by the way? I don't know, you know. He said she invited him to her class during the tension ended up taking him to his basketball practices at a recreation center to get his haircut into his house core record. So, the sexual relationship, allegedly began June 2, 2004, the boy pulled investigators that the two had sex in a classroom at Greco Middle School in Temple, Tharris, O'Teple Tharris near Tappa. A riverview townhouse, and once in a vehicle, while his 15 year old cousin drove them around very in county. He said, the faked told him, her marriage was in trouble as she was aroused by the fact that having sexual hem was not allowed. How about that? How is the mouth life effect that was being improved? Great. Speaking of sex, let's take a look at that pool. Big announcement, nine o'clock tonight, to cover up the road business. And of course, if it turns out, I'm not going to do all that kind of virtual. Maybe that won't be said to good John. Maybe I said to put somebody on their life in colter would have been good. Oh yeah. Keep their damn crowd roll out of the paper for weeks. Which of these applies to you are sexier or video, okay? Six hundred seventy nine votes to try to prove a point in that thing. And at this point, I'm not even sure what the point was, but never less serious. I'm a hundred percent heterosexual male, no gay experiences for 110. We're not going to make eight hundred you're right. Chris B. and off here didn't help. No, top of all. I mean, heterosexual male, who said at least one sexual experience with a male, 97, 14 percent. I couldn't get laid in a horror house, 66, almost 10 percent. I'm a heterosexual female, no gay experiences 44. I'm really a bisexual male, 18. I'm a gay male who has had sex with a woman 11. I'm a gay male, never had sex with a woman 10. F3% between the two numbers going down. Not up. It's going down. I'm really a bisexual female, eight, really. I'm a heterosexual female who said, let's be in sex I'm a lesbian, I'm a sex with a man six, I'm a lesbian, never had sex with a man four. Wow, I'm exhausted just from that and that whole. So what was the idea to be able to deal with? He just, um, he's a circuit breaker broken. I see. And the other day, I like four days ago, it was a modem, the modem went from point. And so until about nine, 30 this morning, what was it? By nine, 45. There, by nine, it was about my little life. Because that's right when tough came in. Anybody said, do fairy. Anyway, there's a little magic wand. And just like magic, I would have thrown the dots came back on and the clock was amazing. That's always had a good way. It is a way with a clock. The rapid heart and you, uh, go out. One 13 is five, 60, WDQM for years Armstrong for the home set is always treated to everybody like family. Right now, they want to stand off for the unit to enjoy their family. Forty-six months, they're forward family playing. Right now, Armstrong for the home city, you can purchase a vehicle and employ discount prices. You heard me right, now through July 31. Armstrong for the home city gives you the same great pressure that every Forty-four motor company employing the families get. And not only do you get employee family pricing, but you still as you'd expect. Armstrong for the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for limited time with any new car purchase, you'll get a cover TV free. So what are you waiting for? Pick up that phone right now. Call 305-24751-12 and ask for David Rich. And we'll get a better deal on the Fort anywhere. Nobody in switch, no full need deals. And this fantastic offer is only available at Armstrong Forty-homes. Where they always feature like family. Armstrong for the time being locally owned and operated by President General Manager David Rich is bringing your family to meet our family to meet the consummished focca whatever that means. Armstrong for the home city, US-1-Sumphl307 Street, just 20-306, check them on the wicked web, armustrawncars.com, give David a call of 305-24751-12 and help tell you all about that Fort family playing. Grab a little and save yourself thousands at Armstrong for the home city. You their folks are home to beds so you can have more rent. If you have a teve of you, you find you the best home and your home to your 갖고, sachet, in that it's a song to go to you. Make our loving people just remind you that you only do not waste. Today we will be happy. It is going to be you so handsker and Uncle Carry. You will be breathing along, you will never die all alone justeding that we're going to do to help you go to your home. I think you'll be with me if you've been going to the mountains and you've got to have a good time. You'll be with your old name. A flying ball to the train to the destination. Your name is a part of the door of the boat. And the Bird is coming, slowly.rashh! Remember what happened? It happened. It began. I don't even know where to call. The可以 Song ỳ.ации sign. Cover the place where you can make the Bird Follow. Remember to watch birds claim you wanted to. And��로 gets me right down! Yes! Aut condemned to follow. I'm not going to go to the door, so you're going to try to think of it. When the door is closed, I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to go to the door. I'm going to try to have friends. It's important to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. I'm going to try to find the right place. Yeah. What's up, Billy? Billy, don't wait to read me. I don't know what's that spoken about. Oh, there you are. There you are. It's a little bit more. You can read me. It's a little bit more. It's a little bit more. Don't go ahead. Don't go ahead. Bell for me. Bell for me. It's going to be $2524. If we can keep the transmitter on the other piece. I'm surprised speaking of being off here. I'm surprised the parents and somebody didn't come rushing in here. And in our brain, the middle of our broadcasts are just a couple months ago, we want to lie. going one or why? One. Big news from Dolphin Camp. Really? Ricky Williams is expected to report to the dolphins for the first day of training camp going to NFL.com. Is this incredible or what? Probably. Quite a little bit before. Great. Through conversation with the other. Yeah. Play a new sounder, at least. Yeah. Yeah, they're there. So I have a walk there. New sounders. KBS. Oh, no. That's not it. What about this? It is CBS. Work on the court of physical conversations regarding his re-instituals, take place in the sleeper. What do you want to meet up with the, uh, the other one? I'm telling news. I got it. I'm going to have to start over here. Shricking Williams, baby. And we can think of all those old Ricky Williams bits again. What a joke. Well, they're desperate. You know, I think I welcome you back with Open Arms and legs. That's the desperate. Pussy's got the good stuff, you know. That's what we hear. How do you know? Let's go ahead and get a report from the office for the 30th training. Sanford and FLS. I found a report. People conversations regarding his re-instituals. Well, take place in this week. Well, we was expecting to be cleared by the NFL report. The training camp on Sunday with the rest of his teammates in preparation for the first day of on-field. It was the following day. Two days from the one year anniversary that Williams abruptly retired. He turned his back on him just like their Shane Corson. Partying report also say, don't give me start with our hockey stuff now. This is the week for hockey. Isn't it the proper way or got guilty on today, huh? He's just gagging on it. It's all in the NFL. It's all in the NFL. It's all in the NFL. It's all in the NFL. That's what that's here. Sorry. What? What? I'm going to see. We're going to get some hockey going, man. Let's look on hockey show. As of three times offender in the league substance of youth policy, Ricky Williams faces the one-year suspension if he failed a message drug test. The offense first year, Coach Nick Sabon is welcome in the return of Williams and his confident it won't be this direction. I think it's going to be up to the team not allowed to be a circus. And the focus is how long we need to focus on his team to be successful, say, if you're in a race interview with local media, it will also will be matter if we let it matter. Whatever that means. If matter is if you let it matter. Right? Okay. What does it matter? I'm going to make whatever you say. Boy, they're going to have a brutal year with or without. Ricky Williams. Maybe we're off the son of Ricky, particularly, he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's crazy i ok. But you're on the on-played sweets, how did that happen, I wonder? A Kee is required, how did what happened, that she was alone and looking for her mother? This called incompetent parent's right. A Kee is required to enter the hotel, but Mankowicz said the man follows the girl closely enough to enter after she unlocked the door. Once on the elevator, the attacker told the girl he wanted to have sex investigators said, he then told her to remove her shirt and when she refused, reached under her shirt and touched her stomach. He also told him that it's a good thing he didn't do that to a lesser name on dining light. That's a good idea. Nothing could be fine of them to find out that Dima ain't pregnant. She's wearing a thing. He also touched the girl's genitals over her shorts. Mankowicz said to appear the man who carefully chose the girl because he saw an opportunity to be alone with her. The girl told him, escalator she bit the man, and if he put his hand over his mouth to stop her from screaming. Mankowicz said, the suspect did not allow the girl off on the thick floor where her room was, at some point the girl pushed the elevator as emergency button and went out of the elevator. The girl said, he should stop on the floor. Detectors to mirror on mellots wouldn't really specific details about the girl who sent you from a brawl and her family wouldn't be arrived in the US and her mother's incompetent. However, the girl had taken the stuff to fence-coors to waste, the girl who was fully squetted with helping her Wendy attack. Always a good idea. All you foreigners out there before you come to the west take a self-defense course because it's a jungle out there. She was extremely sick and she was just trying to calm down mellots said, she said the girl and her family intended to stay in Orlando for up to two weeks. She said the family wasn't having short education because they wanted to stay to help law enforcement prosecute the man. Investigating still photos captured from security cameras as a man leading the elevator, no camera was any elevator. Universal Studios didn't face their own lives so far. They're saying, well, what would like to ask? 26 after one at five, 60WM, the home of technical incompetence and insanity. Well, in that great we got to a full work and now I can see the clock. I can see the full lines on her like, I just see it. I beg your pardon. I see that. 26 past one at QAM and the yellowy warm of show. Did you get a good night's sleep last night where you're tossing and turning all night time at small cramp bed? Well, if so it's time to step up to a new queen or queen-sized bed from our good friends at Dilemachras. When you call 1-800-Machras you'll choose from Lord as large as inventory of queen and queen-sized beds ready for a sane day delivery and you still get to pick that to our window. The date and time any day seven days away from Aden A. M. Sothin P. M. once convenient for you. Valematras carries the complete line of all the top names in a business which I've been telling you about for years. See me. Sure, that Simmons King Kuhl's turns have been an Anastroaster II. I bet your been an Anastroaster with cinnamon were really be good. Their everyday low prices in deep stock make your shopping a breeze. When you call 1-800-Machras, you know you're going to be talking with expert bed and consultant so listen your needs. Who will suggest this fell in comfort level for you. That's perfect because this is their only business matrices. They don't sell cinnamon. They don't sell shoes. I'll do a sell matrices. Just about everybody here at QN St. like a baby on a dollar mattress venue. You ought to be doing the same. Just do the easiest piece of shopping. You could ever think of it. I want easy call 1-800-Machras or do it online at fris.com. Valematras 1-800-MATTRES and you all have the last S- because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. And we sure as hell don't want to hear that CBS sweeper again doing. Who's really a thin building ? A young man turned 28. He scored threw his bag.. carry him down next day. A new man is noon mode on his ass. In your time back Getting to the party To miss you, miss Isn't it the chronic heart Don't you think It's not fair Way is not far away It's a free bearer But you're already with You're so free That you just didn't say Who are you going to do? You say Not drowning That you already didn't see I know Don't let time I'll love it you can't be It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a bite It's like having a few of you to eat And then finding out what's going on And losing it to chronic Yeah Don't you think I'm gonna do a lot of chronic Yeah, I really do think But I'm free Way is not far away It's a free bearer You're already with me That you just didn't say You're the one that's gone You get it We got a 7,800 hole We got 7,24,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,2525,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25,25 In the still, I'm clear, whole succeeds, of care, this condition is the city, waterless, of one of the most probable points in his history, may or did Murphy resign, left office Friday, he months into a second term cultured by mounting problems, it's to you all. Sounds like they're mounting a lot of things out there, isn't? They're mounting problems. And evidently, some of the people on our poll today also have the same thing. They have mounting problems. Ari Burman in the nation rights, first versus science. That bill first man, you watch out anybody who's in the first thing, look out right. Last May, the Republican family in House of Representatives voted the loosened present Bush's limits on embryonic stem cell, research allowing scientists to study cells throughout from soon to be described embryos at fertility clinics. Senate Democrats in a lot of our Republicans could pass them over to selection soon as this week. The conservatives realized they were opposing a popular policy that could be used against them as a wedge issue in midterm elections next year and again in 2008. So Senate majority leader Bill Fist has divided military today that underbind science while scoring political points. In 2001, first came out in support of embryonic research calling the science day promising an important line of inquiry, but a muffler later underpressed in from Christian conservatives, President Bush learned federal funding to already existing stem cell lines, which are a few a number often already contended, first quickly fell in line. Now he's so called alternative with bypass ethical constraints by obtaining stem cells without destroying embryos. Only this method remains entirely improvement and is yet to appear in a major scientific medical journal or clearly peer review process. Even scientists exploring the approach called a choice between supporting the bipartisan legislation, co-sponsored by Tom Arkin, Ireland's specter, and Frist alternative in no brainer. We need to pass the Harkens Spectability Robert Landser, but as president of medical and scientific research for advanced health technology, full of Senate, I don't think we should keep the scientific community or the patient community waving. The host may not have enough votes over why President Bush is rid of a veto, which would be the first, the Senate might. As the undergoes chemotherapy for Hodgkin's disease, Spectre says he's mannered and hell, watching Republican-style legislation that can help researchers discover an eventual cure for cancer, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease. For our few chemotherapy treatments and see how euphilosophoricol the AP, dismissing opposition from the GOP's born again Christian base, the potential for stem cells has been held in the band much too long he says. And for once he happens to be... I mean at single-magicalos theory did work hard to good, but this one may have a stem on it, finally. You've not looking to good these days, Ireland knows. And so with that, that hairy looks like a chemo therapy patient or something. That's because he is. I see. Oh. Clauseity's morning, or if this couldn't be an employee of Ferd channel, put it up. A B-boot. J-S-C-I, who co-host the top way in morning sure at Ferd channel's country WLR Quad Cities, Iowa, Illinois. His off-the-year, following his arrest on a number of felony child sexual abuse charges. The 50-70-year-old Scott, whose real name is Aubrey Starcher, turned himself into Scott County, Iowa law enforcement officials last week. He faces two felony counts of Lucidious acts with a child, and missed the mean of counts of an e-sense portion exhibition of a cemetery or a minor. According to the molding, he will no disfatch the child and question is described as a seven-year-old female relative. Okay. Scott apparently asked a station for leave last week to attend personal issues, where Scott off-guard and Shark is anybody else WLLRG and Larry Roman Russ Milo told the news outlets. The morning show for WLR, the market stock rate in station is being hosted by Starcher's co-host today in Yale. The seven-year-old Rowe knew what. I mean, you know, it was a great each word, it became a little bit more crutist. Sure. Well, maybe that's that video pedophile ring we keep heard about. What's that? What is that? That's a call of vitamin C. Hey buddy, how's it going? You share with you, you're simple to me, you idiot, you're poisoning. What do we got? 7, 739, I don't think we're going to make it. We don't make it in reverse by two of thought. I'm out the rest of the week. That's a promise. I mean, because this isn't even a vote, this is going to have asking to put your thinking to respond like a census. Okay, that's just a census. If the survey or survey says, they just don't care enough to send the break or best worse, whatever. The land of indifference man, one thing about soft food and nothing ever changes and never will. It's just the same, oh man, look at 60 cycles on. Like that. It just lood drones right on. Twenty-one till all the British imams are sickening a fat-walk condemning the violence. Isn't that great a fat-walk? Oh, I heard about that. Yeah, there's you, they fat-walk. You better watch out when they shoot that fat-walk. That was right, how to fat-walk. Yeah, but you do. I know some guys got it, well. Twenty-one till two a QA and check out the area. If you've got a ball one, if you got a big ball spot on top of your head, a big shiny ugly balls spot. Certainly life's healthy, sing good, bite-a-with forever. Because Charles Alfie area has been helping the famous and even the infamous and everybody in between. Look, they're best-over 30 long years now. You wouldn't recognize Charlie's work when you see it because it looks like real hair. That's the key. You know the difference. You see those guys with those awful look and muskwads, those mouth-seed look and pieces. And you laugh your ass off at them and say, that's the worst wig I've ever saw in my life. But Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% un-detectable. They hurt looks like it's ruined out of your scalp. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You've got nothing to lose with that shiny ball spot that makes you look so old. You try Charlie's system for a month for about 30 days. You're a third man! After a month that you don't love the way listen feels and smells, if you're not getting just tons of action, solicited and otherwise, return it for a full refund. Make the call today, it's how Charlie heard about it here on the viewer guard show, and get your summer special. Two-way, I'm two-in-a-downed to this gun, I'll say, make it $800 price of the natural hair line system. Call toll-free, 1-800-3-1-2413 is the obligation. Charlie will make an appointment for a brilliant and straight-to-date this time much better and younger. You can make you look. 1-800-3-1-2413, or on the wicked web, is CharlesAlphayary.com. Alright, let's go to your bus. What's up? Yeah. Police and Aerolist think about hockey authority, Neil Gaoyle. I'm not trying to be a fool. I don't think I'm a villain. You're the greatest one of the things you do. Which I think is a way from you, from us with passion, and the talent. And videos and the whole town. What do you have with great faith that you keep? Because it's so cool to me. I give it a hand. I thank you, man. I call him, I ask him my fraud. I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, I call him, two few things, Fatal I call him and all those ones, what are you taking. Turn on, one bird, sine one bird, eso of what are you looking at at me? Well, I was Kunema, I was going to my honor and I saw you go to lunchroom, I was going to learn about play-in. Well boy, my honor to all of you, thank you very much, my favorite In September 2003, Borcelli would fire anyone in the White House, called the King Name of CIA Operative Gallery, Tainted the Media. He repeated the promise in June 2004, saying flat-out that any administration official founder of Talk to the Press about Tainted will be dismissed immediately. That, however, was before his closest advisor, Carl Roe, got caught giving the information of Time magazine reporter Matthew Cooper, who also identified Vice President Richard Cheney's Chief of Staff as the secondary source for the league. Scooter Libby. Now, doubting a thing in a different tune, up in the standard by saying he'll fire anyone convicted of a crime. Anyone who knows the level standard of justice in Washington knows there's little chance to roll for anybody else in the administration, getting hold into a court where much less convicted. So, Borcelli promised Americans the most ethical administration history, gives Roevin a rest of his gang a walk for licking classified information reporter as part of a plan White House thought of revenge against the public critic of the President. It appears that the administration of King Guafe's promising honesty and integrity and will avoid legalism is not a finding ethical standards downwards that represent a John Communist of Michigan. In his White House, apparently no able be fired afford to be signed unless and until the G.L. cell door is likely hiding. Borcelli has a long history of association with criminals from Enron, Tom, Man, Kenny Lade to scandal of it and House majority leader Tom Delay. His vice president is still under investigation in Europe for bribery and payoffs while serving a seat-eal of Haliburton. The same Haliburton that's ripped off the West government with millions of dollars and overcharges through its no big contracts in Iraq. Honesty is a foreign concept of Bush, he lied to Congress and American people to try to justify illegal invasion of Iraq, ordered the Environmental Protection Agency of Lade in New Yorkers about toxic substances in the air after the United States and lied to get money promised to far anyone called licking information on the West and Ambassador Joseph Wilson. A career diplomat is only crowners looking objectively as the administration's high claims about Iraqi winning purchase in Africa and saying the President cooked the facts. A new pull from ABC News says only about 25% of American people believe Bush is being honest about the playm affair, down from 50% when the investigation began. Think of it. Only a quarter of Americans out there think the President of the United States is honest. That being, three quarters of no Bush for what he is, a liar. I can't speak for the rest of you, but I don't much like the idea of a liar occupying the White House. I don't like the fact that a liar who did everything in his part of what's serving his country in a war zone now sends Americans to fight and die in a war based on lies. The Bush is not going to keep his word in firecarl over any other administration official caught on the shameful value of playm affair. There's still one thing left to do this sort of the best interest in the American people fire himself. The only regrets now right, everybody in hail, party. That's why I don't say it in hail. Well, speaking of inhaling and van Halen, Amsterdam police arrest the swimming birdler. Okay, Amsterdam police arrest the day, two due to a burglar after the attempted to escape by diving into a canal in the early hours yesterday. A couple of men. Whoop! Talk about desperate. If you could see the water in those canals, their tails. I mean, brown. There's only one thing in the world is brought by anyway. Amsterdam sent scenic canals are flushed nightly and not believed to harbor diseases, but people are strongly discouraged from swimming in them. We go in the water if we absolutely have to, but we'd rather not say it's supposed to be a leodbortland, in this case it wasn't necessary. A parapoly sample, but for a recognize the 21 year old man whose name was ever released on the street, they were interviewing them on an unserved prison sentence when he suddenly died in the canal. He attempted to elude arrest by swimming underwater and surfacing an unexpected places and one-pointed time down the roof of a flower-boothed word-way in the canal and dive back into the water and place it pro-st. In the end, in the end, black dough would be surrounded by some of the plated out of the water. That's what it is. It's disgusting thought. Talk about subject time. Maybe that's what that aroma is in the building. Is it still stink? It seems to have passed. Oh, so to speak, no punitive. Third fact's Virginia, the woman who allegedly kept almost 500 away from the street last week, I think. The woman who allegedly kept nearly 500 cats in two-fair-bass county houses, a great guest study, not having more pets, all that goodness. Ruth Knoveon, 82, agreed to sign the corridor in district court yesterday that banish her from owning any animals. Knoveon spoke only once during the hearing, but she asked the judge to let her make a statement because criminal charges are pending the judge said, don't do it. She laid into climate speech reporters. During raids this month, a clue of his mother and her daughter's townhouse in Burke Fairfax County Police Farm, 488 cats nearly half of them dead. Oh, that's a good news. The rest were so we only had to be put to sleep, so we turned to court not to over. I can't. Yeah, it is. Look off, I can't say. Huh? Look off, Peter. Peter? Peter? Call Peter Bolzer, they deserve him. After Colin Fairle is swimming a woman for allegedly trying to distribute in profit from a 16th week, he says the two recorded, when he remit they would never make it to a big. The loss of the thought yesterday in Superior Court now lays his general and compensatory damages, as well as a temporary restraining order and injunction for letting the cell and exportation to video tape. The total $0.29 accused is Nicole Narayan, a trending-stributed tape through an intermediary, a two-handed intimate relation two and a half years ago, and both agreed to $0.15 a take that shows the couple having sex would be jointly owned by them would remain private according to suit. Narayan could not be reached for combat. A call to a phone number listed for her reveal the numbers been disconnected, how unusual. A message was for furrows attorney was named or immediately returned Monday. The lawsuit also accused a 31-year-old woman of working with the owner of Internet pornography business and contacting the news media about the tape. Defendants outrageous intent to capitalize on the celebrity of front of Colin Therall through their unauthorized commercial exploitation of the highly-private and confidential video tape exceeds all bounds of common human decency glossy says. Therall who starred in SWAT, Alexander recited a period in the New World and Manny Vice, if the name were the sexiest men alive by people magazine and has a son with model Kim Bordinov, for that name? I don't know. Bordin Kim Bordinov, like that. He's been named or the sexiest men alive by people magazine which means he's probably and he actually is pretty or ugly. And he care about it. Other than that, he's dynamite of final mind. One of the best customers at the Chalken Moose restaurant in Farmer in the Anas never been inside the door. Missy Joe was 60-comboed dogmas comes with owner Tony Mills 51 of the restaurant for a daily free to plane cheese burgers at the normal milkshakes on the patio. The tradition started seven years ago when Nils was moving his father's lawn noticed a barking dogmaster in the town 50 miles east of Munsee. Mills took a break and walked out of the restaurant or the dog that she's burger and fed her over the fence, the barking stopped. Eventually, he mostly came acquainted with the dog's owners in for three years every time he modes father's lawn or went over to visit. He took a cheese burger along from Missy Joe. In June, in a 2001, the dog's owner's movement couldn't take the dog to the new home, so most asked him to have her in the owner's agreed. All of the dog may like the special treats that most vet doesn't approve. He doesn't think it's the best idea in the world he said, but Missy Joe acts like she's just fine. All we're fine. He hasn't ordered a dog and he ordered this plops over the day. So if there's a barking dog in the hood, just give it a cheaper burger. I see that cheaper burger, they screwed him up and didn't we know they're leased you see that? No, they did that. So not only a thick and worse, go the way the wind. But cheaper burger cheaper, unless you then know more. Don't get right there. I beat the pounder. And it's good. I got my picture on the wall. It was good. Yeah. So now we're new in the release. Did you hear what I just said? I'll have to see because there's one right there in the course. Well, I'll be there. Oh, maybe this is the one for Lobby now. Maybe this is one. So I meant the one. 1525, 1692, MTV's got a new schedule. Yours. The man is an exciting new feature. That's been added to the contested rule table. You can try today for only 29, 9, 9, 9, and a month for three months. Conquest on demand puts TV on your terms. Now I can choose from a library show as well. With a few thousand hours of free movies. Those kids show us for special interest programs from a variety of TV shows and extra charge to a huge library of movies that you used to pay for the video store. Conquest on demand will change the way you watch TV. Plus you've been stuck in library like whether it's 917 and the morning, 1123 and whenever. Plus with HBO on demand, you can have an entire library of programming of HBO, original series and movies ready to bring your tips. All free with your subscription to HBO. And nothing get about control. With on demand even starts. You can't pause rewind fast forward programs using every mode. And if you only have basic cable of the dish, press me, you're missing out. So make them with the Comcast Digital cable with the power of on demand call 954 Comcast or 305 Comcast today. And get yourself Comcast Digital Keeble on HBO for just 29, 99, a month for three months. Secret restrictions apply call for details and grow at 9454 Comcasts to end day. 305 Comcasts. What's for you? What's for you? What's for you? What's for you? What's for you? Grand Kid Gun. Grand Kid Gun. I'm constantly expressed my misplacer with relief, particularly makes a glycemic effect by strengthening it. And I want to know how long those are true. I want to see through it, get done. The truth will be right now. It seems to us that goal to test what he said. 1's and not just 1's. 1's and 8's and 5's. 1's and 9's and 5's. 1's and 9's and 5's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's. 1's and 10's. 1's, 2's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's and 9's. 1's. 2's and 9's. 1's and 9's. I don't know if you can pick up your I'm going to notice we got a minute and a half and we're not going to make our 800. What do you go like that now? Well, because I thought we were and I'm disappointed that we're 7708 and it's not even a poll! Just a survey! I think you've driven all those kinds of way, George. You're going to have to make the trickling in one at a time while that's okay. A griblin. And just dribblin' in on our sex survey. Which of these applies to you? I think generally speaking it's like, come on, look at the book like that. Very soon. Well, how do I might be in following? Can you believe it? Yeah, well, that's the season. I got to say that another email about to be to Curtin just now, I've driven that last break. You don't want to take the be to Curtin and shove it in your 80% fact, maybe you got some of those analogue beads. That's what I'm much still hanging around. Remember those? I do the round the wall. There are some of those pistol fit and vibratus that your buddy used to hang out. Get some help. What do you please? I have no line. Be to Curtin. No, no. Can't have the fastest USA? That's the government you live under. I have no line. Good. Okay, we got building coming along now. Who's going to do a doi doi is way from 2 to 4. Bye bye. What are you trying to do? It's the O'Rodgers mid-game. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to do a doi. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to do a doi. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to do a doi. What are you trying to do? I'm trying to do a doi. Doi doi doi.