I Better get up to that game tonight somebody needs to Big game auto wasn't found yeah Not that but auto was good Yeah, BM will be back trying very'll be there to coach sure of course you can coach that team So you'll see one of the better teams in a league. Well nobody's gonna be there. It's a 17,000 they said they have 17,000 and they blew the third period and headed one on a power play and overtime Yeah, but they want I think I've two wins in a row They could play little girls teams like the caption of black hogs every day They'd have a pretty in the pink ones and have a pretty decent record You could say about the thoughts and stew well was there any doubt about that? They had to come back to win that game Let me let me tell you right now if ever there was a script that you could see unfolding right before you rise You could smell like coming to make it miles away So thank you guys for right for getting your bell wrong dolphin fed off off as I'd be sending them money Thanks for getting injured because if he'd have stayed in the game They wouldn't have a chime in chance in purgatory. Yeah, that is correct But that Rosenstein house guy where he's there really something he's king. He's sage. Yep Hey, I saw I would me I took four five five points. You know, albums were five point faith Can not my Patriots they covered a spread in a very bizarre in very somebody bad games I think there were couple of games The game second-of-the-day Pittsburgh game was good so Wisconsin City Denver Kansas City Denver was outstanding nice going Kansas City Yeah, we had them Yeah, those things are important to me and I told you the Patriots covered a spread but you wouldn't have paying attention to the game No, I didn't bother with that one. No, yeah, I had other winners. Well, that's good So I The jets are horrible I mean, they are Or kidding, they're the worst team in the league. They could be right along with San Francisco and maybe Arizona I think the Arizona is better than you know, I take it back right along with New Orleans So many bad teams and so a little time. You know what? Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised now if I'm running for years You're saying word talk is super bold. What a great come back. Yeah, they're they're deluding themselves This was our four and seven's beat there four and seven's Yeah, well, I mean you could hear the gagging choking sounds coming from the bills like I said you could just you could do the math and see it unfolding Yeah, when that when that when he threw that interception loss of through that interception on a three yard line Is there about the score again to make a 30 to three right? And of course that was that or how about how about the sure Interception that would have been run back for a touchdown that also would have made 30 to what three yeah whatever was yeah It was that and then there was for out getting hurt those were the keys to the game Well, if any team can find a way to lose it that's what bad teams do they find a way to lose actually That's why they were you know So next week the dolphins have to play it San Diego. Yeah, well, I don't want to make any predictions But you can imagine yeah ugly Ugly man should be really ugly. So how'd you do this weekend? I Did not go to Mohawk because the 401 was still covered on Saturday morning so we didn't said I went to Woodvine then do too bad with lose my ass made most of it back So they would come back I suppose be a big snow storm in an northeast this weekend here are tonight rather we don't have any snow here And we have no coming okay the York is supposed to get it well they deserve it. Yep too many Jews there anyway Too many Orthodox Jews in Brooklyn shown bricks at everybody else's house and tired of them. Taddle them getch keys with their big hats Just like on just like on Arthur Godfrey road Miami Beach in the summertime middle of July and all the getch keys are walking around I got those coats away 40 pounds talk about people at snow bed. Can you imagine oh yeah Can you imagine getting down window those getch keys? A place and you would not be happy down here right now or you would not have to have any time Yes, like that out now all the bad drivers in town. Yeah. Oh, what a concept Now All the hallila has as the attorneys I thought that bad in the summer, but yeah now it's just brutal Probably some Quebec was some of them frogs from Quebec. That's a big boy I want to tell you how obnoxious those people are you know that the it's not just a language that they want separate It's not everything else that they want separate, but they also now They want to have their own Canadian junior hockey team for the Olympics for a French French Canadian to play in your Olympics And they're even they're even talking about the Canadian director Olympics for the adults Like we got to have a French Canadian team. Oh and before I forget This is just like last week all over again where the Harold has one article in the Sun sent us got one totally contradictory same thing again The Harold says don't bet on a slot steal from the light saw that right that was by Mary Ellen class. I don't know where she gets her information from because she is holy wrong And we we got the Sun sent a article today that says slots regulation tops in spectral system legislature And it goes on about Alan Solomon said this and Alan Solomon said that but it'd be put a boot either So we'll see I don't know I think the Harold show I never count my slot machines until they're functioning No, but I talked to a couple legislators last week a couple guys who were pretty high up, you know, and then what I heard was totally Anathetical to what was in the Harold? Well make sense if it's an enrolled you know it's probably full of crap. Yeah Certainly is Anything else I don't know if I can think of There's nothing going on That time it here it's the holidays To season the beach allie we got guilty on promoted ammo I guess did the game in Pittsburgh I told you it's the season of the jolly go did the Mo go to the game in Pittsburgh So we got guilty on today from the end to center for the preview that big parking in the I guarantee you they won't be 4,000 people there I guarantee it In fact I'm gonna record that game and I'm gonna watch every scene in slow-mo I'll tell you what you know yesterday to dolphin game I looked up after the second score You know game three and a half minutes into the game right and I don't know if people left earlier They just never came to star but but there was nobody in those secrets I always talked to that game wasn't blacked out somebody they must have pulled some kind of a scan to get the television station But what they said was the last 2000 yeah, but people just aren't going Yeah, look any blame them no well You know they they they they would have found yesterday. They're not real fans in the first place You have an after ever real fan base in order to support a losing team Yep, did you see Carl Huyeson's column yesterday? It was on our website was pretty good. Yeah, about the real cost of the stadium and All right, I'm talking about the world about Las Vegas about the islands. Yes. That's that's the one yeah Well, and it it got into what the real cost of the stadium was gonna be here How that gap kept getting wider and wider and you know all the untruths Just lose very good Yeah, put it on our website so I must have been sensational because I usually don't pay too much attention to Carl It's fine There's a right a good column two, three times a year and that's about it But it's funny how he gets it right and the other guys at that newspaper don't Yeah Yeah, we don't have to leave it guys in town to get anything right Fred Graham writes good column about twice a year and that's it Chickerights a good column. Oh, you know, and what what was the year? Did you write the year on your sleeve when that was what was the last one He wrote those good columns. I just said that on the side of the talk about he writes is pop pieces about TV Network talk shows that like I said his column could be in peorel and away or each coming Michigan It would make a bit of difference. He writes nothing about locally. He writes it. He's a one-artic pony That's and maybe that's what their panom do. I don't know, but he sure is all and he gets all bent out of shape that I rip him on your forehead But it's a truth He's got the nerve a couple of a few years ago to give a sign-in to them to about how am I gonna keep in touch by doing a show out of town You know, I'm out of touch and yet what difference is it making his case because he isn't writing anything local anyway Today's got another piece about some stupid ass sci-fi show that nobody's gonna watch anyway time You're wasting everybody's time. We wasting ankle, but it's a sunset, okay? Write something local for once in your life Christ And anyway, so you did give me going and when you you're slow What you gonna push him over the edge of the press box? We want to have everybody there to cover that They happen to win though, huh? They have to oh, yeah, I've got a little news It's official that you can you can bet Gulf Stream at colder So well, I see into your Gulf stream trips. I guess you and Rala won't be having any encounters up there anymore That was in highly that was highly it yeah, well, where does he go now? We must go somewhere to plunges got sound roll Yeah, he goes to the track. It'll be a Gulf stream. I'm sure well, that's another reason to stay away from there Colors a nice friendly track. You know, we were talking George on Friday. He said something about how he loves macaroni and cheese Yeah, and I told him the cafeteria callers got the best macaroni. Yeah, that's right I used to get that all the time there, man It was so good to food there as excellent They still have it. I'm sure they do yep, and if you go up on a six floor the sub sandwiches up there I just fantastic and everything's good. I wonder if I will lady friends are still there probably not probably dead by now You know what they I haven't seen her at colder, but she works at Gulf Stream Really? I know exactly who you're talking about well, I wish I could remember her name Says this is sweet heart. Yeah, she works on the first floor at Gulf Stream Latino lady Oh, no, this is not the Latino lady It was a Mickey Mickey. Oh Mickey. Yeah, I know Mickey too. Yeah Mickey was one of them. I can't remember who the other one was. Well, that's Mickey is still there. I should be there. I'll be damned I wonder if Lester Greencher distiller if the theme bullets and she's still around I'll tell you it's not if it's not a track anymore. Did I ever talk to you about Ernie? Yeah, I don't think you knew Ernie. No, the guy used to sit in the stands and call a race out loud before the race He was huh? That's like Fred Capacela. Yeah, Fred Capacela after you My father speaking as you know capital Eddie, which isn't Fred Capacela, but speaking of that yeah yesterday Cuz capital Eddie's now a Radio broadcast over the Patriots and when Anna minute theory kicked a field roll that broke his record for most poor career points Is a patriot he got up and saluted him and they showed it on the camera I was correct that I as a you're buddy Bob greasy and all the other up tight dolphins who are peeing in their pants About Indianapolis how it undefeated season. That's a little class nice going genome I think the dolphins will be the first to congratulate the no they'll be publicly They'll let me let me do an Amazonic hand shake What I know they can I'll tell you why it's probably got a voodoo doll I'll tell you why they they aren't out of set about this because it brings attention to what they did every year No, no, they're up tight I'm getting back to Ernie of the track He was he was the best he acted like a crazy person in the stands and then he would talk to you Who do you like this right you're like a very normal person, but he they would sit and say they're not They're wasting and he said make up all these names and they just I think I told you to story about Fred Capacel used to hang out in the press box of Hi, Leah long after he was retired. Yeah, he'd stand in the corner with his real voice It's time no That's in well, yeah, but the the words would break and he'd hear this voice coming out of the corner and they're off Every race Well, for the habit, you know It was probably Johnson was that two ask and they maybe he was that as well they're still calling races Not at the metal-lens anymore, though. I know nobody does a lot of it does a lot of radio stuff. Yeah Well when he gets to be 90 like us you have to slow down at work a little bit plus he's got he doesn't need a money believe now He's got more money than God. Yeah, he Invested in a play that's it pretty well. Yeah, the producers. I'll be damned. Yep And every time it plays somewhere he gets a cut not fed Well a lot of people have a good scam going, you know That's what we need. There's the phone. That means probably one of my discs is downstairs Either that or maybe it's Ed McMan with I've moved my a 10 million Canadian dollars. Well, I'll be listening today A lot of paid 24 million here Saturday, but needless to say I didn't get it. I won ten bucks nobody hit it here I guess this week I'll be four million one guy Can't stand it I Let note ever good day anything else going on Listen to your show okay, okay? It ought to be very illuminating not and well the illuminating might be on well Maybe Claire so come on and with some All right well this is a great day Don't lose as much you gotta pace yourself for the week. Yeah, and this is p-val signing off. See ya. Bye He's bad. Your Miami here releasing a limited supply of previously helped see for sale in the general public tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections tickets go on sale Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10 These seats are in limited supply and we'll go fast call 1-800-4 and be a ticks check out ticket master.com or any ticket master location He fans mark your calendars for Tuesday October 4th at 10 a.m. This is the day individual game tickets go on sale For all he home games this might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad with shack All blows Tvo lets you control how you watch TV but wouldn't you like to have that same control over your own existence? You can with life-tvo honey Do these jeans make me love that? Yeah, kind of what you was like TV to rewind over stupid mistakes Honey do these jeans make me look fat. Oh honey. You always look great. Oh I love you life-tvo lets you fast forward through the boring part welcome parishners to Sunday morning mass Massers ended going Prince you can even use life-tvo to replay your favorite life moments over and over again Oh baby you're the best Life-tvo you'll never live life is the same way again Or maybe over the year the worst it's 12 past 10 already happy Monday to December 5 a day that'll live in infamy That's an interesting stuff going on. I don't know what it is though. Let's see. Here's a fact for today's poll from feed real good choice Pedro can't say where you'll crunch look at to that I think we need to do the break right off about right from the get going only get go right out of the go box is they same Anyway, Armstrong forward one of the year and I'll see it says 12 to only I I'll say this sales department is doing a job that I don't think there are any words that Joyce would let us in on here to describe the job that they're doing I better not do that piece of copy because it says 12 to only Although faith boys you know uninvolved and you know keeps his distance To like I said for you what I just said truth is when you hear to compare you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA And software that the only four dealer to shop that is Armstrong for the homestead the holidays are here Maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane or maybe just want a great new ride Well, now's the time to get on down and see our friend David Rich and let David put you behind a wheel of the new Armstrong for it Right now it Armstrong for the homestead they got some great offers and incentives in a thousand dollars cash back or financing is low as 0% on a 4,500 or freestyle get $5,000 cash back on explore race edition How about $2,000 cash back on a scape and $2500 cash back on focus Certain restrictions apply when you buy a four to Armstrong for you'll also get on top of all these good deals There were exclusive tires and batteries for life program that's correct tires and batteries for life David Rich and the staff will treat you great because they're locally on the not for you They want to see you again and again and again and again for life and they'll give you the best price at guaranteed in town You won't get a better deal on the for any place or why waste the time called David Rich at 305 24 750 1 12 and tell me what the deal Whatever that is Armstrong for the homestead at 307 25 South Tixie highway 20 minutes south of the 836 check them on the wicked web Armstrong cars.com and then drive a few miles extra if it is for you But you'll save thousands for doing it at Armstrong for it of homestead Holy Macanad this is Joe ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God This is an ABC news special report. Let's go to President Bush. He's in Asia addressing the Chinese President in fact right is in this nation's in Uhfreeum ob English The It's been a presentation of ABC news. 1017, if you're looking at the Sun-Central Story online, I don't know about the newspaper, I think I've got the newspaper in my hand, and you probably don't eat it because you don't eat the newspaper. But where it says slots, regulations, tops, and special sets, and affordable legislatures, you're unlike the herb article, which is like a handsome holograph. But there is a picture next to the story, Alan Salman from Pompato Park says this, and Alan Salman says that, and but a meat-but-a-boop. And the picture shows people playing guess-what, at some casino somewhere? Yeah. Playing slots? Well, of course, slots. What game? Oh, we were fortunate. There you go. I just thought I mentioned that. I'm definitely soon-merved-griffin' and van-a-white and pat-sagiac. It's sedicative, and they all ought to be in jail. The best fast food of all we asked on the Friday. Well, it seems like only five minutes ago, Friday. What was there a weekend or not? I'd blinked. How about those doffins? We loved the dollfade, that's a sad-sag�rosan-lo-crance-steam man. He's the best. Was that incredible or what? I bet even Joshua was underwhelmed by that. I was shocked. There was, I was not. I knew it. I smelled it. I knew it was nothing, and it was the bills, and I could smell it. Being an upstate New Yorker myself. In fact, when you live here, you can smell Buffalo upstream, man. It comes right across the lake. Wow, man. It's bad. The best fast food is that when these two 14 old bean, two 14, I have a triple with cheese and onions, and that's it. Wonderful. Put it just, or it's just the other those big rolls of bread. No, that's the end, that's the run. I have a triple with cheese, you know, like the American way. How about a quintuple with the cheese, and we're like mayo, which is the jet-lard and the bread and the way. That's a good idea. When we like Wendy's, I don't need ever eat it. What I voted for, they're all over town here, but I don't have went there, I think, once the prize of nasty. You know what I don't like about Wendy's? The prize? No, I don't eat prize anyway. Okay. I don't like the fact that they cooked those burgers, and then they like, they put them like off to the side. Oh yeah, they put them up there by the time, and they've been freshly cooked, the meat is dry as cardboard. It's like two on a cardboard box. They kind of pre-cook them a little bit, and then they put them back up. And then they finish it off. Right. I see. You gotta get chicken if you go to Wendy's. Right, I don't want no chicken. Spicy chicken. Two is don't eat to, but when you get to be, when you're get to be about, I would say, I'm not turning me in. And you've been Jewish, you've been had enough chicken for a lifetime. I don't want no more chicken. Oh, I did like chicken in Chinese restaurant. Although, I don't think anymore. Ha ha ha ha. I'm taking now, maybe not a good idea. The best best food Wendy's, 2014, all fast food blows 197, boy. I hate this poll 181. Did I tell you those two would do very, very well? Yeah. The negative craft. Those that people left after was 21, nothing after one quarter yesterday. They left too bad. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, you left in you. Losers. Toyo tropical 158. Steak in shake 134. They must be making a comeback because boy, they really went south there for a while. What was their meat was falling apart? Taco Bell 131. That should have been up a lot higher. Taco Bell is there. What's not to like? If you don't like the, the Shmoory greasy beans don't eat the beans. I don't exactly. No beans. No importante when you go to Taco Bell say, I have six burritos of greens with no beans, please. 14 tacos, no beans. Las Fadas one away. That was the lead edition. And evidently, now Josh is eating there. And he raves about it. It's good. In fact, we said that we decided this week. We're going to try and get some subcham Las Fadas right in for the game. That'd be nice. Yeah. Quizno's 102 also went from way from Malay start. Moved up there. Quizno's is good. Subway 77. I see. Chick-fil-A 73, R-B 61, Popeye 60, Popeye's chicken man. Now to white people native Popeyes. There's, I guess white people native, killer flu chicken, KFC. Right. And dark folks eat at Popeyes or, what's the other one? Churches, churches chicken. Anyway, subway 77 Chick-fil-A 73, R-B 61, Popeye 60, Miley Cyrus 52, McDonald's only 38, Solomon T. 20, Ocho. Checkers 36, KFC 31, killer flu chicken, Burger King 25, Crystal 16. And that's the reason it would have had more, except there's only that one in South Florida. That I know of, right, right. As far as I'd have sun rise in power line, I believe. Right. And W-16, which aren't too many of those, I know more. Now what do you like, guys? The mama burger, the Papa Burger, or the team burger? Well, hey, I like the poor. The baby burger for, uh, the Miss Kamal. Papa burger, baby. A pizza on 16 and churches chicken had only 11. So that, and probably only 11 because, you know, we don't have the many dark folks listening and the ones to do, they can't afford no a PC. So. 1737, both. Now the poll for today that we, I didn't, did we start or not? I'm trying to keep track. I'm trying to keep track. Ha ha ha ha. Is this the one for today or the one for tomorrow? The one for who's the hell does? Oh, I don't know. I'm lost. We're keeping ourselves guessing now. I'm lost. Well, I, when you're least expected, I come in here and if Eric's got a ready to stick on there, it's like, uh, I'll, no. I'll see what kind of mood I'm in. I want the Patriots submitted at win last night. I thought, okay, I'm in a pretty good mood. I'll put the new pool on. Against the little girls team. Pretty embarrassing. I mean, Josh, when your team just, the squeaks by a little girls team, yeah, I was looking pretty bad there for you for a while. Why is that? Well, it was at three, three, like most of the game. No, not most of the game. They're a little slow-started. They want to let them learn when they embarrass the jets. See, one thing if you start fast like Buffalo, then you peed around by half time you're all done. But if you like start, you know, and time to get the lay at the land and feel things on. Where did he had a good day? 27 out of 37. He had a fine day. Nothing wrong with that man. I can't stand. And the reason I put no individuals is because otherwise, and well, what's the point, you know, George, George, George, George, George, George, well, I'm tired of that already, as much as we agree. I'm sick of it. All they want to do is just take another shot at our poor person and vice president and secretary of defense and connerlezer and all these other losers, counter loser. I can't stand. Religious nuts, 265, that was my vote. I can't stand it. I'm tired of Gitchkey's man. I'm sick of it. And this business that there's a story I got a little later on, which maybe some of you saw. Maybe, you know, ABC news is the Christ channel that you know that? I noticed that and that's why I avoided it. I've never watched it before, and I guarantee I'll never watch it again. I'm going back to Brian Williams with this funky teeth. I'm going back to NBC. Right. And if every newscast, every night, I think I got some story about Christian video games and Christian movies and Hollywood and Christianists. Well, guess what? I guess Disney's now trying to make up for a lost time, you know? I guess they're trying to make good for that movie. Pre-sit that they put on. Right. They're trying to get right with the Lord. Oh, by the way, tar, you'll get the way to the gun. I ordered it for you. All right. So we can't stand religious nuts, 267, South Florida, drivers 74, and the Humphreuses right now. They're worse than during the summertime, because all the snow for over there. Well, all of a sudden, Illinois, I've been seeing Illinois time. Illinois is more than the middle of the day. The Illinois is an Illinois. Yeah. Probably from downstate, probably from Springfield. They just discovered us in the word spread. The US government, 63, can't stand it. See, that's the way. Now, give you an avenue there to take a little, yeah, backhand slap there with this government. And this fact was New Yorkers 48, Phonies 43. Now, Erica had a typo on her to be. I looked at my list. I said, I'm in a very clearly. It says Phonies here. But he put phones on there and it had a few votes. We could put any word on there where good votes. Phonies 43. Loudmouth 38. People who stink 35. Oh, God. I don't know why I didn't vote for that. People who smell bad. I mean, why? Why is it this day and age? Why do I gotta say I have the homeless people out on the street corner probably don't smell too good. They're a little unsafe, especially at this time of the year. But I don't go near him, you know. Spare some change, Mr. No, just to get out of my way. Kick your ass. South Florida 34, Chris, when you saw kick your ass at some old lady sitting there with no teeth. This pearl 27, I hated, can't stand it. Black people 24, drugs 24, how about drunk black people? Red next 20, how about drunk red next? Which I'd say there's an awful lot of drunk red next, you know? That's a little bit of a good. Go over to territory. His Spanish, 18, going to the Venice 15. How about if it's a Hispanic dentist? Jews 14. My in-laws, eight, being married seven, white people for sports nerds, one, and radio cronics, one, 756, you five already. Then are we off to a running a flying start, aren't we? We got that thousand-watt and tea today. So real feather in the 10th of a buck and years cap. Couple of ways to box half to play to patriots. I think that game is in 10th, is it not? You know, no, you're some fan. You're such a mediocre, uh, a cross-hission, no, too, but for that. Well, look at our Google it. Okay. Because I'll see the patriots who got left, they got to bills again. I mean, the jets, the jets, the bills, the dolphins, is less given than the buck somewhere between that. And the dummy game, less given the season is in New England, in the snow, and boy, that won't be a pretty side. Sage. 27 past 10 at 5, 60, WQM, I've been... God? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why, why? I thought the process is been blazing up for the poor like this. I can't stand filling the blank. I'm sure we left off at least 40,000 good choices. Maybe not quite that many. About 30,000. The 30,000 good choices. Don't you think 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60? 5, 6, and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Any bulloms from inside the building? What? No. Now, let me ask you this question. I'm going to confuse on this mad max. What is that? You were talking about before? I was talking about mad max. Yeah. Mad Mike, Mad Max, wasn't it? Mobile Mike. No, no, see there you go again. I tried liking you a little. Oh, man. You're... No wonder the H2 like for us. That's just unbelievable. You were going there. What? I'm not even on that. I'm not even on that. It was so go there. I said, Mad Max. It's a mad. It's not a mic. It's a mad mad world. Yeah. That was the same. Right. I'm talking about 200 feet above ground and he followed down. Look at that on CNN. They got... They were two dogs lost in that town, too, by the way, since seven o'clock this morning. And we'll be having bulletins about that and we need to cross be sending interviewing the dog owners tonight on MSNBC. Fishing finishes with a ticket from a rouba. Tick and a rouba. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. You have one for the photo of free orders. Free loaders are all you can't do. I think we have... Not that we have anybody particular in mind. Hi ma'am. Hi ma'am. Hi ma'am. Hi ma'am. Hi ma'am. I'm off in this keep refilling it and refilling it. And if you put a pilot crop that goes on, it's going to eat. You know, it's... I think we've got a little bit more hot on it. Okay. If you put a pilot craft there, they'll eat it well. And so look at that. There's nothing on the phone man. I think we're done. I think today, officially, they're off to the races. They got bigger fish to fry than worry about calling us. 567. Are we on the year today or what? 567. Oh, 560. Or maybe they want to hear the bulletin about mad mad Max. 560, the Verizon signal arrived a slice. What's the wait for that six minute delay to build up? I can't stand. Maybe we got all the choices on there, huh? We got 800 and two vote. Must be a lot of things they can't stand. Like how about F.P. and L. Can we put them on there? Oh, could we? Could we please? L.N. is going to be bad. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey how are you doing? Okay sir. I'd like to add the cannibal run as a TV show to watch. Okay, great. 560, 560. 560. What did I say about line nine? Retardo. Retardo. Now, now all of us, another day, 20 minute delay finally caught up. We must be on a triple and the triple jump delay today. It goes from, have ever stood, hooters to chance, to Michael a chance. W.Q.A.M. Hello. We're going to get both. Hey, you're not. Okay. What do you got? How about one of your goals? About our David. Yeah, like I said, no names. Is that what we just said? And that's done. Right. There's the reason. George Bush, Mohour David, no individual names. Okay. I can't stand generic things. Can you, can you relate? Do you understand the meaning of it? Oh no. Of course not. Shmuck. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. W.A.M. High. F.N. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Good morning. How are you? When is the. I'm. I miss part of the list. Our fundamentalist on the list. Well, we're, the number one is religious nuts. I think you can put them in the category. Not a ball five. Then how about sports talk radio calls? They're got it. Sports nerds. Okay. Your own turns and yeah, and we have radio products and sports nerds. We have both of them. We had to even take them out. They're taking them more calls this year. I think. What? They've been so good. No, I just, they have. Look, there's no point in pushing it. That's why they work. They got no, they got no material. Why? I mean, why push it? I learned that a long time ago when you push it, then you have nothing but four hours of crap. I don't want to put four hours of crap on the year of a day. Let other people put out four hours of crap. I'm not interested. God, it's pathetic. And this is so wide open. And what do they do to start naming this same old name? Wayne Heizle. I'm all Howard David. The George Bush. It's shady. Oh, man. You people are like like the Humper said. I'm kiss kiss. I just kiss it. And the table too, the counter here. They're all up there. Kiss the ground every day that I'm, I don't care. We've got a foot of snow and it's minus 18 Celsius. I don't care, right? Because there's more life than weather and believe me, you just live in South Florida for a while and you'll discover that although not to the weather show great anyway, with the 85 hurry of teens and your house blown away. It's like the three bears came to town. The blown down your house and your roof and the F.P. and out below is in all the southern stuff. It's pathetic. And you people, man, I got news for you. Your material is so lame. It's just, I'm a worst day. If I were still in bed, if I was hooked up to the respirator, like Perry, Koma on STDV, my favorite skid of all time, he's singing from in bed. He's got oxygen. He's inhaling it. It's impossible. He's laying there in a prone position, you know. Find a weed. He's gonna get a throw. Oh, yeah. Phone, phone. Okay, that's enough. Hey, Perry. Hey, give me the disease. He's still dead. Now was that guy a teller? Well, he started out as a barber and then he became a singer key, as they say. That's what the Japanese call as singer key. You always sing in the same key, the key of dull. Then he was kind of like the Dave Ann Borey of music, just Koma inducing. By the way, Geldie, before that came, then Geldie, we are from the Bank of the Land of Center. Please call him up and tell him to put you up those broad cast. You know, I heard a little bits and pieces, and I was trying to give him the benefit of the down. I thought he was doing pretty good, but he needs to, you know, generate some excitement, even with the winner. That's your job, Geldie. Make it exciting. And show for the team, don't forget about that. They made it very clear, Redberry, Jackass, unfuddy. Oh yeah, we want you to bring a positive spin that we're telling Dave Strator and Denise Potpeth, and I'm sure Geldie the same. And so he asked Reddy a Randy. Yeah, I'm not saying bring a positive spin, but at least make the game exciting. Don't act like a, like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, overgrown child, although in his career, I don't think he has to act. You know, no matter who scores the goal, it's an exciting moment, a hockey game. And you can't like sound like you're pouting like, ah, G, the editing scored again, I'll correct. You know, like that, can't do that, Geldie. Call it and give him some instruction. Call him sound to listen to like Joe Bowling and Mike Lang and Rick Jenner, and Bob Cole and some of the real hockey announced, who's okay. So this, whatever. I, I just don't understand this market man. He's just like Jimmy Siffle. It's the same thing. Then he have any qualifications to be broadcast with so deep meaning to the profession. It just unacceptable is what it is. Hey, Jimmy, you're fairie. What are we got here? And please add to today's poll stupid people. Oh, yeah. What's the timing? I suppose this is the first bunch of calls stupid people. They did it was fired. Yeah. Man, it probably inspired to factor out their excellent job, Mr. Or Miss, um, um, uh, fan, uh, I think that's the best of the time. I mean, I think that's the best way to get the job. I'm just going to be inspired to factor out their excellent job, Mr. Or Miss, um, uh, um, uh, fracture. So what's this about Mad Max? Look, Evan, uh, is the roadward. Has current been in there since the beginning of the show? No, well, why not? I guess nothing's happening. Well, we, we need to find out there's some stuff going on that we can't pass along to you. But there's some, uh, inturnessing stuff inside. All kinds of stories on the street, you know, like in the other, but there's all kinds of stories on the street. In fact, some people are seeing these already did. The Santino, they've all been out of shape. Especially, huh? Yeah. It's first to that right on the causeway. It's been a minute. It's been a minute. It's been a minute. It's been a minute. Yeah, I love the way when they win the tooltaker. Like, yeah, it was just what he ducks, ducks down and you'll see there no more. Right. Even those movies. Anything unusual happening, you better hit the floor fast. Arkansas man scales the White House fancy. See this? Nope. A man from Arkansas. I wonder if he was one of that maybe, probably, right shall we talk about how Bill Clinton put him up to it? I'm sure he did. A man from Arkansas scale the fence around in the White House Sunday, while President Bush was inside and was immediately captured by Secret Service often, is that the man was jumped up at the fence, not the president. Secret Service folks to amend Jonathan Cherry. I wonder if he's going to die in Cherry? I identified the jumper as Sean A. Cox. Cherry said, talks have been charged with unlawful interview was expected to appear to the any West District Court. Cherry said he didn't know where Cox was from in Arkansas, why he wanted to get in the White House grounds. He did not have a weapon, Cherry said. Bush was at home when Cox climbed the fence on the north east side of the property round lunchtime. Should have invited him in for lunch. Probably one of his tax-paying constituents out there. Right, I meant for lunch. See what his gribs are. See what's on his mind. Reach out to America, okay? Instead of this uptight hysterical, what is it uniform secret sir and I thought it's an uninformed uniform secret service officer. So, said about the guns drop on Agent Escort to Cox to a guard station. Cox was wearing a sweatshirt. He was unshaven and his pants were wet and dirty from where he was brought to the ground. He didn't answer a journalist question about why he jumped the fence. So, you got one of them. You heard of the bridge jumpers. Here's a fence jumper at the White House. I can't stand religious nuts as reading the way by far. I'm really shocked. Please, but shocked. 288. We can't stand you people and we can't stand ABC News. You should only rot in hell and make up your mind who your anchor is by the way. I've had to make a difference. ABC News blows. Peter Jennings is, he's just turning over his grave in hell. Coffee up. He's starting to beg for, uh, selling the on music. He says it's a big improvement over what they turned ABC News into. The God squad. I'm sure it's a Disney repents. Get Mickey on the phone. See what he's got to say about it. They've had 19 vote on there. Nobody for FBI. Nobody for free loaders. They'll look at theirs. Religion nuts 289. And for the holidays, let me view our message one and then we do every year. All your kids out there, there's no Santa Claus. Oh, and this business about try to take Christmas away. This is the latest fall well in sanity and Pat Robertson. They're trying to take Christmas. Listen, have all your Christmas trees. This is where some of the people are overboard. Christmas doesn't have to be religious. Okay, it's just it's just a festival. It's like, you know, it's a threat. It's like Tanuka. It's an event. It's about a holiday tree or take your holiday tree and stick it. Okay, stick it in the old moonshine. Oh, by the way, speaking of my life, how's my moonshine? This is Neil Roger and he's got a great name. He's 5. 16. Two, eight. Oh, Dr. Not such a long time ago, you did desert not far far away. One soldier stood high balls above the rest. Judge. They shot the captain. Who's in charge now? Who's the San Juan San Luis? You're such a father who now, aren't you? You're. He's hell. And so is the very boy, so, charge on. And do a stop, shoot when you're such a son. Or to that one, so, to a stop, do a stop, do a stop. That does it! Shoot the sword! Oh, you're such a son, Josh. Charge on your head. In the other slide, I'm available for rental Saturday. Oh, how old? And for a seven or QAM and two o'clock, we got guilty at the Bankie Intercenter, because most come from Pittsburgh, from NFL broadcast yesterday, and he had to work very hard. That was a good game, by the way, Cincinnati beat the of Steelers. You see that one, Josh? I did. Why didn't watch the game, I saw the highest. By the way, that game is pretty good game. Was Jacksonville in a Brownies? Well, I didn't watch that one. No, that's pretty good. Browns give them all a good handle. By the way, that game's in New England against everybody. Oh, man. You guys are indeed due to, that'll be in the snow. All right. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, is that next week the bill? Two weeks. Two weeks for now. Next week, I think they play the bills. New England. Am I right about that? You should know. I don't know. Mad Dog, 4 to 6 30 and one of those tough two and a half hours shows in by the way, he won't be on tomorrow or Wednesday. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. The scam of the century. Oh, right. Yeah, you bet. Mad Dog today, you better enjoy it while you can. You better tape it. And let's see, Thursday, he's out of the seminal hard rock. And then what about on Friday? What, what's this other thing? Oh, this is a facts for the appell. Where did all that come from? I got so many copies of the schedule here. I can't figure out what the who's on first. Can you? Abrade about your eating food already, huh? How about a BLT hogey? And then, no mad dog on Friday either. So he's working at tough two days this week, which is really a rock. Oh, rock. There you go. OK, what does this say here from some listener? It's a fact that says, please add telephone solicitors to your portal. Things I can't stand. PS if I'm allowed a second, please allow the voice directories from hell that everybody talked to a real person. Now let's stick with the telephone solicitors. Well, maybe that's why the phones, maybe it was getting votes. Even though that's what I put on there. Eric, the phone's on there. Come on, Eric, get with it. OK, so we are phones, my ass. Can't stand phones. I mean, how about cell phones? What about a cell phone? How about people on cell phones? All right. We'll put that on there right away. Can't stand. And again, no individual names. Can you? That's why they can't handle this. Because that's all I know from. Oh, I hate this one. I forget about it. I'll give it a rest. Give it a rest. Put your hate in the box somewhere and give it a rest. But there's some minorities on there for you to vote for. Yeah, that's right. They should satisfy everybody's hate. Religious nuts, 295, we hate them. Put that, my smokes, the smite smite smite smite them all. A smite and a smote and go what I know. So how's it in Paris, come in here? Yeah. South Florida, driver 79, the US government's 70, New Yorkers 57, phony's 52, not phones, phony's, phony's 52. Well, we should get a loud loud business business. Phony's glad handers. Loud mouths 41. A loud business, too. You know what I mean? Loud mouths. I can't stand people who talk we allowed. Now people who stink 38. How about loud mouths who stink? South Florida 34, this poll 31, black people 26, drugs 24, red next 21, his Spanish 20, go to the dentist 17, Jews 15, especially if it's a Jew dentist. Being married eight, my in laws eight, stupid people five, white people four sports nerds to radio chronic one, and none yet for people on cell phones, telephones, looses, fPL or free looses. FPL is not many, boy, how soon they forget, huh? How's that possible? They just went on there. Not a little while ago, I thought they go zooming up their fPL. We hate you fPL, okay? We wish that all your executives would be in a fiery crash with Karen, the Catherine Harris. By the way, you hear about her plane? No, we're about it. Irbated philicase was pointing at it saying, oh, oh. That was Irbated, of course. As that Irbated, looses are Irbated, yeah. The former chairman and vice chairman of the 9, 11 commission won yesterday that the nation is ill prepared for other terrorists attack. How do you like that? Oh, my God. You're government. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello. Hi, I like to suggest for your folks, please. Yes? Definitely obese people. They're very, very annoying people. They're my nurse. I think that's what they call. Big fat people. Well, not just regular fat people, it's almost everybody's fat. He's talking about obese. Let's just put obese people on you. You know what I'm saying? And most of our really a pertinent for breaking people. Oh. The bipartisan panel plans to issue report today assessing the federal government's response to the recommendations it made last year. WQAM, hello. I'm thirsty. You got a hang on, because I'm in this person. WQAM, hello. Hey, no, how you doing? OK, sir. Hey, this whole attack on the victim of that is trying to make up now. What's started by your true bio. You're truly not me. It was still started by Bill O'Rolley in the Fox News channel. And it's being picked up now by Paul. Paul, we're having all these other answers. And all this is basically a problem and it's kind of filled up. So it'd be easy not down, because it's going to be like, hey, I'm going to give Christmas all those. So they're basically trying to make something to distract from all this other bastards that's going to get us this is going to give them. Well, I ain't going to work. Nobody's paying any attention to it. They should all know. Yeah, I hope that the tiny needles appears his head. Well, he's making an obscene phone call. Yeah, I know. Eight years, one last thing. From years ago, during the whole brand of situations, one of the greatest phone calls you ever received was from my, I don't know if you remember this, it was a black girl called in, called you Uncle Leo. Remember that? No. I did. That was really. That was the best. And she called in and then all the time she was going back and forth, and she was all of a sudden, her boyfriend, her boyfriend, the another guy got on the phone. And I mean, it was the best radio. OK, well, I'm going to try to find him again. Thanks, Kelly. All right, but remember that? I don't. Well, I'm a Leo. He remembers way more about it than I do, but I remember some black chick called you Uncle Leo. What? Well, I'll be damned. The group was created by Congress in 2002. But maybe we got a new format here now. We'd one paragraph then we take a call. Another paragraph, another call. What do you say? Do it. Well, I don't want to take any more calls this decade. Well, they want to talk to you. The group was created by Congress in 2002 to investigate aspects of the terror attack on 9.00. I love it. A released, it's five or four with a slew of recommendations. And in nearly 570 page book into the lie last year in July. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Leo. Yeah. I think of the fear pole. I think you may already have a covered under a religious nut to stupid people, but I was going to say intelligence is lying. Religious nuts. OK, then how about the local news? Tom Kane, the Republican Chairman of the Committee told NBC's Meet to Press that, and that team of changes is not a priority for the government right now. A lot of things we need to do really to prevent it under an 11. Just aren't being done by the President or by the Congress. In other words, they talk a good game. But it would be, and the fact that they're letting these switch blades back on their plane again, starting last Friday. This is just pathetic. Do you see that? My eyes. And sharp objects, as long as they're more than 15 feet long, samurai swords. Right, machetes. What we're concerned about now is that these recommendations four years more than four years after 9, 11 are still not being done. People are not paying attention to them. He said, we handled in the Committee's Democratic Vice Chairman predicted another attack will occur. It's not a question of if and said our nation is not as well prepared as we ought to be. And Kane said, God help us. If we have another attack, we have done some of these things. All of these are all of these things. And of course, after seeing what happened in New Orleans, you can see that your government is really very well prepared to handle any of all emergencies. And that they're going to be right there and making sure that your safety is number one. That's what they really care about. Anybody buy that full credit? No. They couldn't give a crap less about any of us. If we're not part of their neocon, we're religious, right, fava-thumping, fundamentalist, oil-drilling lunatics, air-polluting, world-destroying. And if we're not part of that core of fascist, then screw all of us. That's their attitude. Make no mistake about it. And they can put on all this big dog and pony show about their all concerned about this and they're trying to sell the, yeah, they're trying to sell the war because they've got into a base in a pack of lives and now they have no way to get out. That's what it's all about. They're just dying to find a way to get that out, right? But guess what? Somebody said that they were like poking a hornet's nest. And what's all the hornets get out? They're flying all around and you get stung. And that's what's going on. We're all getting stung in all kinds of people dying over their like here, be they. And these just have a lot of time, we got a time in chance and hell are getting out. And then they're crants of course to most of whom voted for it. They also haven't got any idea how to get out. So I'll tell you the best way getting out is bring the troops home. That's the best way getting out. Saying, you already told us there's two years ago, mission accomplished, would they photo opportunity there? Would it's flat Jack, have given everybody a lot of flat? Mission accomplished my ass, okay? You murderer, you butcher you. But I guess the holiday season let's have a big smile on our face. So it turns coming into one. No. 1056 and QM Ron, the edge of our seats is matter of fact. I think that'll play this often during the day. A lot of mysteries going on. This is New Rogers. This is 516 and this is the New Rogers show. Oh, there's a lot of stuff going on. This is your brain. Fuck, fuck, fuck. And a question. Other stations give you money, other stations give you cars. But when times are tough, a live station gives you a tell because this station is going to give you a job. A job in rating. A job at this station. A job is our new morning to stop you. Morning fry. That's right. We're going to toss our morning guides out. On the kids. But actually it doesn't even know it. He's not even listening. We've broken the flight. It's broken. And he played it like a moron. Oh, for us. So his laws is your game. Just be listening. And when you hear this sound, really the kids call it. And come, Monday morning, you sure. On the air. Winner, Willis and Mall current responsibilities of morning drivers. So now they add a substantially reduced salary. In addition to responsibilities of all kind of toy, local, amazing staff. Look, I was on this out of you. Are kids. He's listening. Don't we? We're going to want to buy a 60 WQAM so I was current soon. Anybody seen him lightly? No. I'll be damned. Well, I think one of you ought to be running around the hog getting the escuttle button. We can't tell the audience what this is all about. But we might as well let them at least know there's a little bit of a segment going on. Well, I think Josh should go because I try to avoid that side of the building. Yeah. I think you should just go poking around. You know, just take a page out of the water. I see you poking. Just walk around, slide up against the wall with your ear to the wall. I know. Sorry, not messed up. I see. Just kind of slink around in the hallway. When you hear this, you're going to, you may want to run out. When you hear this, you're going to be nauseous. All right. See the problem with politicians is they're all horrors. They're all horrors. Yeah. Hillary Clinton, the co-sponsor, anti-flag burning bill. Oh, sure, right. I'm leaving. A Republican bill that would ban some forms of flag burning. Reportedly has one democratic co-sponsor, Senator Hillary Clinton. The point of reporting today's New York Post Clinton is the sole co-sponsor of a bill. They will make it a crime to intimidate anyone by burning a flag, burn someone else's flag, or destroy our flag on federal property. The bill doesn't address the issue of a constitutional amendment banning flag burning, and Congressional Law is building the bill. Will withstand judicial review. The Post's Clinton's will was in a period of time to win over conservative voters, as she prepped for a possible run for the White House in 2008. And won't that be great? Not. She just, here we go. She's so obvious. Yeah. Political posturing is so damn obvious. And by the way, she also voted for the war. I just thought I mentioned that. Meanwhile, Clinton is in the middle of a six-state campaign, swinging and raising money for a Senate reelection, and possibly raising support for a potential run for the White House. Clinton had lined a fundraiser for the Kentucky State Democratic Party in Louisville, Friday night. We're sure not exceeded expectations. The ballroom with the convention center was filled with capacity, helping them raise 600 grand for the party. Kentucky is a solidly Republican state which George W. Bush easily won last year, but, Clinton supporters were buzzing about the possibility to Clinton run in 2008. We're a border state and it's been a red state, but I think we're really fed up with what's going on. Washington ready for a candidate who will really run and really fight for the people. What's the port of said? I'd love it to run, said another. I've never worked for a guard campaign in my life, but I'd work for her. The ice princess is lurking. Clinton has also made an stop in Chicago, Denver, Michigan, and New Jersey. She ends her tour in New York with a party in Manhattan, December 13. On Lucky December 13. But that's a frozen house, cramped man. He's really something and one game, you know. I think you ought to put that in his resume. Against a bunch of gagging choking, what I tell you about Buffalo. The whole place is the reeks. It just stinks. The sun is shining here, it's cold, but there ain't no snow on the ground. Buffalo is probably still up your armpits right now. Just a horrible, awful place. Don't ever go to Buffalo. Trust me. But there's a Thomas Kean there. That's not him. That's the other guy. But put you up there on that podium today. And you had a chance to talk about what worries you most now. No, Mrs. Limbaugh. 912 votes already on the pool by the end of the star. Might have our thoughts. What do you say that then we can go home? What do you think? Yeah, that's a great idea. All right. If my dog can do it, well, I said he's got the world's biggest scam. It just makes my deal pale into its significance. I can't stand and no individual names, please. We're just not three 18. South Florida drivers 83. The US government's 72. I wonder who they're talking about. New Yorkers 60. Phonies 53. Loud Miles 43. People who stink 40. South Florida 34. This pool 31. Black people 29. Drunk's 25. Red next 24. His fanics 21. Go to the dentist 18. Especially if it's a Jewish Hispanic dentist. Oh, Jewish 17. Stupid people 12. My and laws 9 being married eight. White people 5. Epi and L 3. Old Bees people 2. Sports nerds 2. People on cell phones 1. Freelod is 1. Radio Chronicle and telephone solicitor so far has got the big. Oh, out of 9 12 9 12. That's just barely after 11 o'clock. But we're making some progress or what? Yeah. W 2 A M. Hello. Yeah. Oh, New York. Rock. Hey. I talked to you very briefly. W 2 A M. Hello. Hey, man. That's Ali. Ali. Yeah. How about reality shows? OK. Good one. We all be show suck for more ions. We all be shows the next one choice. Yeah. Totally. They're going to be like at least 5,000 of the choices on here. But these people are going to put on this thinking cap because they can't make an individual names and they want to do that badly. They want to like to lash out. In fact, why don't we just take the same poll every day? Who do you hate the most today? Right? Is it Jewish village? Will or Riley rush limbao? Is it Dick Cheney? Maybe today? Huh? How about Condor or Condolaya? Condolaya? Oh, yes, well, we was on over the weekend that I didn't watch. You're my son, man. Really the jam now, Kovie. Do you know that you got? Yeah, that's right. Well, why would I want to watch a little snippet? Everyone, I got the one I need to do. Oh, you're sitting here. Watch it from the beginning. Nice. I'll be sure and watch. Watch the way of the gun when you get it in. And watch the way in that scene where he's going to the sperm bank. Where he starts. And James Conn is in the movie. So it's just so obvious that he's doing a James. Can you? You'll see the routine. That's very funny. Good movie. Come in your QA. I'm hello. So is K. Welcome to QA. Hello. That was Robert Creeper. Do you know what I said? No, that was Creeper. Right away, Creeper, you're gay. QA, I'm hello. Welcome to QA. Hello. Hey, Pally. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, you know you're absolutely right when you talk about Jimmy Sepa. That guy absolutely sucks. Hey, Jimmy. You're fair. Well, we don't want to get to person. I was listening to him a couple of the often games to go. There's often we're going for a two point conversion. They make the two point conversion. And then Jimmy goes, oh, they make the extra point. And I'm looking on the field. I'm like, well, where's the kicker? I thought they did a two point conversion. Not an extra point. I'm like, yeah. That doesn't even know what he's talking about. I guess there was some goofball doing the Cleeper and Jacksonville game. I don't know. They got somebody against the broadcast. They just can't find the people that have any idea what they're talking about. And what I think, which I have no idea who he was. Cleeper and try was fake a long field goal. Instead, they put shoved punited and backed out the code Jacksonville on a 10-year line. And this guy never even made any comment about it. It was a fake field goal of 10-year. He just was lost. He didn't have any idea what that was going on. The funniest thing is Joe Rose had said that in just kind of like, well, what the hell is this guy talking? He doesn't say anything. But you can just know when it's had to be thinking, like, this guy doesn't even know what the hell he's talking about. I don't want to get here now. Nobody said about Jimmy. I don't have the bitch right now. Yeah. I knew they cared. Nice to the good news, man. So Jimmy Ciffelow is a button to big one. He is one good looking guy. Well, maybe that's why you guys are on there together, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, let's just do the same. But then we don't have to come up with a, I think I just had a brain cramp storm. Every day we'll do the same pull for like about three years. Sounds good to me. And it's like a barometer. You know, we'll see. We'll see how intense the hate level is in various directions on each given day, you know? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like sticking your finger off the window to see what the temperature is. Like most of the politicians do all the time. And that's why I can't stand her. I'm sorry. Obviously I would vote for her, but I just, I don't like her. No. She's phony. She's Arizona. She's fake. She's as fake as a $47 bill. Hillary. And if she hadn't been married to Bubba, I looked, let's, let's elect her and let him run a country again. What do you say? Sounds like a plan. Okay. WDQAM. Hello. Congratulations. Good. And we can. We can make Monica's secretary of the interior. What do you say? Oh, that's funny. That's funny. Come in your QAM. Hello. Hey, nearly. Yes, you're funny. Okay. I got one for the list. How about a hypocritical politician? No, no, no, no. Sounds redundant. Sounds redundant to me. Okay. hypocritical politician. You want to put that on there with a hypocritical. No, no. hypocritical. We got, you know, gullmet. Yeah, we got to come in on it. What about doctors? Okay. Can't stand a man. Most doctors are butchers. Not all. There's a few good doctors out there. I never met any yet, but there's got to be a few of them. Do you think? I'll let you know. What if you're any good doctors? If you find one, let me know. I will. Oh, there's so many things that could be on here. I mean, you know, if we wanted to break some of these things down like the thing about religious nuts, we could also talk about the Catholic clergy, the priests, the chaimeralists, priests. Oh, there's so many. We wanted to slice it then. Yeah, you're a slice that's very thin like that. Nova, slice it really thin, baby. Put that locks on your big layer and just to have a field. How do people eat such high-light? Oh, it's fish. Oh, woo. My favorite is when they bring out, they bring a big fish on a platter. And the eyes are still in it, you know? Give it a try. Oh, it was better fact that was watching. You're not going to do that. I have it that aviator, the aviator was on cable. And remember how everyone was raving about it? Is that the movie would Leo? That's the one. No, I wouldn't be thinking I would watch that crap. So don't. You're however, everybody was raving about it. It's so good. It's vital Leo. Yeah. A. Well, I don't teach you to be watching that. Well, you're going to like the way they're going to love it. No, no, no, no, no, no. I have no doubt. Although they did show a meadow peeing in all those jars. I don't want to say, if Leo was having hot sex with Tom Brady, Nicky, I wouldn't watch it. I mean, Leo just makes me a fringe. Makes A Leo. You're fair. Oh. Man, when did that ship ever land? You know, that's it. It made front page news. Whenever that spaceship landed, but they served in one of those fish in the movie. That's what reminded me of that. But they're all the way out of take some day. Who looks like they just got off their ship? He's one of them. Yeah, he is. There's some very strange looking dudes running around. I also saw your buddy, two of Shane's woods, and some over there. They turned it off real fast. Mr. Pockhead. Yeah. Mr. Pock. Yeah, he could have played on Star Trek. You could have been Mr. Pock. 320 said they can't stand. We're like, I could have put Getskies on here, but that wouldn't have been able to get it. The guy wouldn't understand. Wait till we get to that story about Holly. Oh, here it is. Now, first of all, I've got to talk about the slots thing. For Ray for Hollywood. Oh, the Christian message. Look, on you guy, I'm out there with your yellow pages and your Christian video games and your Christian. This is a go away, okay? Just go to hell away. Gloria brings out Gropton, heaven, have a nice talk with Jesus and get out of the rest of our faces. Okay, we're sick of you. So Bill O'Reilly was the one that figures that some Nazi like him would start some crap like that. Hey, diversionary, it's not going to work. Not going to work. Like Miss Fudge, you know, he's always getting these phone calls from Richard Melon's cave and all this other propaganda on the far lunatic right. Oh, put that on there about, you know, saw some phony crap like that. Doesn't work. The public, they're fixated, man. They're eyes are on it. You just wait. You saw what happened in the off your elections this year and New Jersey, where was Ellen in Virginia? He just wait till last year. The public is better going now, hiding. You're not going to be able to find them with a search party. 1113, it's fun. Not to the Democrats, you're so great, but they're just, you see, and that's what they're doing. That's what's bad. It's most of them are just dumbing up, waiting to exploit and hop in there. Not to that guy, any better answers. Nothing, they got the ball stophing up a mouth most of them. 1113, it's 5, 60WQAM. It's that most wonderful time of the year. Unless, of course, like most people, you hate to quote it, malls, the long register lines, the crazy shoppers, who act like they're out, saying, fight his dance in their pants and the parking hassles too. Make your gift even this year. It'll ease you for you and you love ones. Give them a dollar, Matt. Chris, give two to the ticket. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dollar, Matt. Chris, give two to the ticket, eight to nomination, and a new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see some of the top names in the business. See, they serve to Simmons King Coral, turns and foster hewitt and temper peating. Maybe a suffered damage from Wilma. Maybe you need to bed for those last minute, un-bid-aholic guests. Whatever your deal is, call 1-800 mattress. You'll get same day deliver from 8am to 10pm. You pick the date and time for it over to your figure schedule. Does any tour window that you like? D'Alematvis is mighty proud of the Mayotabia. They're 99.7% record of being on time. They're ranked number one in the world. And customer satisfaction. I've used them for years. You won't do the same before those guests arrive. Pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. D'Alematvis 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-Leo-Authal-A-S-S because it stands for Stoo-Pendisaving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560-Chief-A-S. A lollipop little boy? No. When Bill O'Riley D'Alemat's showy is in square and pan, tell you if you like your job, then you give him a laugh dance. And if you tell, zorally, you're not looking until you be kissed. This is to the pan's right of you, and for you an extortionist, but he looks all the back of their fair and balance. But not when he calls and finds. He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little too, who's all right. When Bill O'Riley's morning, sure it ain't a noise in dawn. So when Bill O'Riley's dialing, you best not pick up your phone. All my time. Look at my team, somebody says, for the full I can't stand thanks. You fair, what do you like that? There's a good one. All right. Okay. I could modify that by saying, can't stand screaming, Queens, but I think you see that we start narrowing these down. Wait till you hear this. Remember we talked about that? I thought she was a traffic lady, which you was something else in Pakistan, the Ureligious Nut. Right, I tried to correct you, but you know, you wouldn't listen. I moved right along. What was she? She was the sales secretary. Well, she was the jackass, whatever she was, and she was a born again, they do for Jesus. A Messianic Christian. Right. And the hell that is? There's no call, Meshkiyah synagogue. There's no cross at Kul Meshkiyah synagogue. Maybe there shouldn't be any of these places. People think Bill come in here and said, we'll produce one from the back room, said Messianic Rabbi, Alan Levine, is spiritual leader of the Melbourne congregation. We don't, we don't have one. Across the course is in and during Chachkiy. I mean, symbol of Christianity, and believe in the life and death of Jesus. Don't worry, you're crucifix too hard, though. One can be seen in virtually every Christian church around the world, but not a Kul Meshkiyah, which is in a secular looking building on, like Washington, Rotten, Melbourne. We're not a synagogue. We're a synagogue. I'm going to make him van the times. All right, he'll take longer. This feels alive, fans, right. We're a synagogue, not a church will be, he said, don't call us in church. Here members profess their faith in Jesus. They call Yeshua as the Messiah and Savior, but also adhere to traditional Jewish customs and laws. I wonder if they trade. They're part of a national Messianic movement as of as many as 300,000 people. The movement consists of people raised Jewish numbers including Christians who are not. In Brevard County, Kul Meshkiyah, and Shubi, Messianic congregation of the only such groups, Yeshua and His disciples were Jewish, living in said, oh, God was Jewish. There's no getting around that fact. We truly believe Yeshua is the Messiah. I see. In accepting Yeshua, Messianic Jews generally don't celebrate Christian Holy, they sent His Christmas in Easter, which they don't consider to be part of biblical tradition. It's in the wrong book. Call Messia, founded in 1989, has about 120 members, whom he needs Saturday. Shubi Messianic founded 93, has about 20 members, when we'd unfriad his in the building on the US, one in Melbourne. We're small, but we have a dedicated cover. Oh, I just have to say hello, all this, all the cults. Who's got the right answer? That's the question. Who's got the kingdom? Who's got the real God? The right, the right, the only God. Keep that in mind. The right way is called in complete Jews. Is that what it is? Ask a poet. They simply Jews. That's right. I see like Jew. I thought that you can plead that something to do with circumcision. Never line up. All we are to hear is that Messianic Jews are circumspect. Yes, they are. What come at your votes? We've got an applause. It's not even 1130 and we've got nine. 65. We could be on the verge of a thousand by 1130. Oh, my God, God, God, God, God, God. We could get out your ballpoint pen and stab yourself in the neck with it. I love the way Hank likes to see me start on Jikki, you know? Just like the way I get him going on Bob Breeze, no 72 dolphins. Very uptight, very jealous. Oh, we don't want anybody to write that record. And by the way, they got to play a tough game there in Jacksonville. You know what? The quotes are going to just pick Jacksonville apart, like picking a chicken apart, like breaking a wishbone at Thanksgiving. Am I right, Josh or what? I mean, Jacksonville was all out to beat the brownies yesterday. I don't know. Andy andapolis is awesome. As when I listen, I have to figure credit where credit is due. I can't stand them and 70-paint many makes me want to bark, you know? You're fair, but nevertheless, they're awesome. I do think they're going to lose a game. No. Okay. And I really don't care what we did. But just to spite those uptight, like Bob Breeze bag, man. Just tied to that. And I'm going to mad dog, get to the vista. We like him a lot, but nevertheless, these guys are like living in the past, the whole franchise is in the past. Get with it. It's 2005 at the live. Nice win yesterday. By the way, given credit, nice come back. The hungright in there once forgot that. And you they all said, oh, thank God for that. And then the bill's just laid down. Oh, gee, I think we're at a blow to this game. Yeah, you know, kidding. They are prophetic. That's part of that buffalo syndrome. Anything in Buffalo, just week except maybe the chicken wings. And those great sub sandwiches, which I can't ever think of the name where they used to be. Oh, God, were they good? And that roast beef on Kimmelwick. Remember the guy called in that day who started that place up and for Lauderdale? What that was the name of that joint? How do you all of sign? Where they had the neighbors? Nevis roast beef on Kimmelwick from Buffalo. Remember that? No. Don't remember the guy called in. Maybe you were on vacation there week. Maybe Josh remember. Maybe. No, he was the guy. Huh? I know. I must be just making it up. I think you can't remember the guy. The essence of that call at Leolcar. Wasn't Leol, it was Leol. Hello, Leol. Leol. I'm never done. All right. What else did she say? Bye, bye. Hero says don't. So who do we believe? The hero of the Sun sent. Or when did the Sun sent? They much but always to always believe them over the hero. Mary Ellen Klaus and Samuel Nitzi. Was that Nitchie? Palahassie lost Vegas to our slot machines. Good start spitting at proud per mutuals as soon as this spring. If they law makers finally appropriate regulations. When they meet for a week long special session that begins this afternoon. Despite agreement among legislators on the style of machines, the men and crowd is laying odds against telehassy coming through with a deal by the end of this session. This is what the hero says. Per mutual lobbyists and many legislators are speculating the election year politics, anti-gambling, idealist, and the competing interests of the gaming industry will prop legislatively to pack the bill with so many device developments that ensure to gain with the issue and resolve. Some people are running for a stalemate said Senator Bill Pozy, a rock ledger, public and one descendant of negotiators on the deal. You can only imagine some people are trying to stuff a Mickey and on this deal because it knows cruises for nowhere. If we ever had even the slot machines and so forth, the cruises didn't work and the light can't go right down the drain. Somebody pulled a plug on the ocean. Yeah. I'm telling you right now, you know that. Uh-huh. What would you rather do go over to Galsby or Pompano Parker? How would a dog track or would you rather go hop on those cruises? And you get lost and see in a hurricane. I don't know. Can I get seasick at the dog track? That's right. Can you get your wife raped under the dog track? I could. No. You probably could. Now the Sun Sentinel says Allen Solomon is a high ranking gaming industry executive in South Florida, Pompano Park. But even he isn't willing to take vets on what the South Florida of the Florida legislature will do about slot machines in a special session this week. I'm not sure I can make the best way during how all this gets done to Solomon. Executive Vice President General counseled the I of Kerala Compreta Ceros which operates Pompano Parker on his. 13 months after Florida voters authorized slot machines for South Florida, legislators have much more than go shape before they have a deal on how to tax and regulate the slots for bar accounties for per mutual venues. Pompano Parker would re-honding a high-light and go stream park. Legislators begin a one-pandly a five-day special session called by Fad Ask Governor Jeff Bush facing many complex decisions to implement the mandate for slots. Besides the gambling issue, legislative is also a meeting to when I change this to Medicaid. We've had ethics rules and tweaked a new deal, a new law dealing with sexual offenders. The major controversies dealing with slots will dominate this session among the key issues how to tax the slots, how many and what tax the machines tool out, hours of operation and pay off percentages. I'm Friday House leaders released a 44-page bill that would allow for biggest out-class three slots which is what everybody voted on. While that decision will remove that's close to the position of the Senate. Much more has to be agreed upon between the House and Senate Governor's office. The House bill limits the number of machines my sheans to no more than a thousand per venue. The Senate is previously imposed a no limit. The Senate isn't expected released its special sessions stance on slots until today. They want to limit the number of machines mine. How about limiting the number of good machines mine? What do you say? All right. Unlimited good machines mine to pay out like 98 percent would be good. What do you say? I'll take it. And by the way, that guy that called me that he lied through his teeth. I'm a-you know, when you go and you play, you know what the story is. Anybody who tells you that there aren't different programs that they play on those things and they're not on timers. There was a woman one thirty seven thousand dollar on a quarter machine on Saturday. Well, it would buy him thirty seven grand on a quarter machine. You got five of the same whatever the gold bars across. They paid her when they took the whole machine apart. And when they came and they had to like put the statuses go in there and make sure everything was working. They took it all by the finally paid her after two hours. Another lady comes along. She puts in twenty bucks in the same machine and paid fifteen grand to her. Quarter my sheen was a good machine mine. Fifty two grand in about twenty minutes of play. Even Josh is starting to like think about that. I'm gonna go to play Wheel of Fortune. Quarter. Now, wasn't Wheel of Fortune. I don't know what they'll get. It wasn't by me. It was over. Some of the area where he was talking about. I don't know what they'll get more. I'll play the Wheel of Torture. You'll get addicted to it. It's bad. Very bad. Don't even-do even think about playing that. It's mesmerizing. We had hypnotized by the spin symbols. It's like a some demonic thing, you know. It's like from hell. The devil is behind it. I think if you took the label of that spin off, you'd see the devil with a pitch core there. Or maybe the devil with a blue dress on like Monica. Twenty eight passed along. Was that ironic about that song devil with a blue dress on? Yes, I was riding. Mitch Ryder and D for it will. I think we got it. Oh, look at that. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, Mitch. You're fair. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. That's a battle. Anyway, we got to do the break. 29 past 11 already. Rich room filling sound from your iPod. We're talking of course about the power of the Bose sound of the actual music system. It brings the music on your iPod. Life even charges your iPod while it's playing. Sound invasion says you are bound to love what you hear. And that's because only proprietary Bose technology. Let's see get the most from the music on your iPod. The system is firmly with iPod. iPod mini. iPod nano and iPod with video. It's slick and parents stylishly blends with your iPod. Almost any room they courts, easy to use, even comes with a remote that controls the sound of our system and basic functions of your iPod all over across the room. So, what up? The room filling sound of the Bose sound, that digital music system delivery new iPod experience for you. Insert iPod stick that may be in there and here what happens. Experience the sound off today at tweeter, target, sharper image, compuase, a circuit city, best buy or Apple. This is Neil Rogers. This is 51628. A sucks. Hey, my lady, what are you doing? Hey, you've been writing around your lower end. Of course, I'm from Bebsau, today. You've been playing around around around around. That's how much you've earned though. Go home where you've got to watch your hair. Keep your elbows on the favor, say please, and thank you. You'll gotta do that. Come see us, cos we're not Chobalah! The new service Mexican resident. Excuse me, I'd like to count each of the door special. Hey, man, you can teach whatever you want. Cos I am going to get for you. We are not your mom. Oh, no. That's your mom. Sir, we're not the best of anything you want. That's not a suitable button, make it yourself. That was great. Hey, hey, hey, hey, you go. I said I don't pick that up for you. Why don't you just man? No, no, no. For a text match with Laura's flag, if I chose my mom. Do it yourself, when I chose my mom. Twenty-six till noon, don't forget we got that big makeup game from our hurricane room. The pants are so stinging. The Ottawa Senvers, maybe the best team in the entire league, hey? And BM returns to the scene of the crime. That's it. The Immaculate tonight. We got the pants in preview at 6.3. Silly ass, I read your Randy and guilty with the Eucolid 7 o'clock tonight. Any care for the hockey game. I bet you're in Josh's going to be there tonight for that game. I bet you're well, I'm going to be there for the pre game. The pre game for about five minutes. And then a fly right over there. Like he was shot out, well, I would have canon. This story from you, you Rico Springs Arkansas that's somebody flashed to us. This is unacceptable. A 70-year-old grandmother who teaches Sunday school is charged with saving a baby Jesus statue from an Arkansas town's activity scene. Right. Virginia Voyer said she thought she was just taking part in a ram bunches holiday prank, but a witness called Urika Springs Police. This is an Arkansas. She now faces up to a year in jail with a $5,000 fine for Mr. Meaner, Mr. Meaner, theft. Voyer said, yes, I've been a bad girl. Oh, she needs a spanking. She ended up when she tore her Methodist pastor that she took the baby Jesus statue. He told her, go and send no more, but I didn't tell you her Methodist did you. Oh, that's bad. Let's see. Bad for the Methodist. Speaking of bad for the Religionist, Lionel Tates been hearing voices. A hearing that could have made a return behind bars for Lionel Tate once the youngest person modern US history, since life in prison was postponed and they because he sent a letter to a judge threatening to kill himself. Oh, I hate listen, Lionel, is there you paying chicken with us? Let's give him a loaded gun and see if he's just fun enough. He knows how to use them. You know. On second thought, let's make sure nobody else is in the room and he gave them the loaded gun. Tape convicted at age 13 of killing a six year old girl was examined during the weekend by psychologists who is finding as we presented a competency hearing on December 19. That's two weeks from today. Brower County Circuit Judge Joel T. Lazarus who said he received a letter Friday decided to wait for that finding before the sender whether to revoke Tates probation. Tape now 18, page the possible return to prison for a life. All right, if Lazarus finds he violated his probation, it was arrested in May on charges he grabbed a pizza delivery man of gunpoint. There's almost nothing more than a world that we hate a QM worse than a pizza thief. You know what I'm saying? Do you know what you're saying? Do you agree? Well, yeah. I'm talking about hearing about jury Jewish and the playboys. Everybody hates a pizza thief. Everybody hates a pizza thief. And I remember that? I'm going to queue it up right now. Tain was 12 on a kill Tiffany Unic. A family friend his mother was babysitting for Angelife, 2899. His lawyer initially claimed the girl died accidentally while the 160 Pondbor was imitating wrestling moves in sawnt TV. But experts said the girl out of skull fractures and illustrated liver suffered in a beating that lasted one to five minutes. He beat the snout out of that poor little girl. He was convicted of first to remover sentenced to life in 2001. In 2004 when appeals court tossed out the conviction after finding that it was not clear whether Tain understood what was happening to him. He plea guilty to say, I think they had to do a p-ditty on him is what I do. Give him some nice said June Allison depends there. Yeah, he's trying his aim. Right, light him up. He plea guilty to second to remover sentenced to time served in 10 years probation. Suspended a sentence. Suspended a sentence. In his hand written letter letter of the judge, I'll take said that to it that his public defender H. Don't Williams did not understand my mental condition. He continued and I stated to him before I was hearing voices that I wanted to kill myself. He also quoted Florida law by statute number and say that the judge should earn right. Seki and for evacuation. This is Lionel Dunnness. William said outside court Monday that Tain was placed under watch at the county jail because of his suicidal statements. If he's not incompetent, the judge could order him hospitalized, otherwise given treatment, which may prevent him from returning to a kind like Allen's folding. He had put him in the loony bin. He was found competent to understand legal proceedings in their consequences. And whatever happened to fill up by the way, I was supposed to forget about that. What a crappy show. Tain faces six charges of probation violation of Judge Goodsets and to anything from life in prison to no prison time. To many juvenile justice experts, it takes a symbol of the difficulty that the justice system as dealing with children and from its serious crime. You know, if you turn out to be a piece of slime, you're going to have to do the time. That's what I say. Fry his ass. Right now, crack a whole sparky up there at Arcadia. Or it's Stark. Where would it hell it is, Stark? I love to live a Stark existence for a few minutes while they chain his ass up and then put on them depends. Shave his head. Yeah, let him watch that movie. Okay, let him watch monster's balls. Right. Let's say you see that. You see, puppy? That's you. Yeah, that's you, Lionel. You're next. What'd you like for that last dinner? How about some pizza sounds good? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, Lionel's like, oh, there he is. To me, asking me for a competency evaluation. Because he is both hearing voices. And I want to kill myself. Yeah, I'm hearing voices all right. All the time. We got a thousand five votes. Oh, right quietly. The audience sneak over a thousand votes here at on a sunny light that. Are you impressed or what? Yeah, Lionel. Miley? So what's the story? Did Josh come in here? Josh, you're a current. I mean, not Josh. Did Josh, or what? I mean, I'll be home. Well, why not? Yeah, I'm not. Yeah, I'm not. I want to be able to put some of the bulletin on the air here. I'm getting all whipped up about this. It's about something. A time we have something exciting going on in our place. And our joint. I mean, something exciting for us. Well, no, something is said, don't start. Now, you see, you are like the hump or all, where he was I'm going to behave with this morning. Yes, he got threatened with the other suspension. Another p-val. But you, man, all you guys are going to be like, how little, not rope, just a little fiber from a piece of rope. And he just, ah, there he goes. Just out of control. You're just like a lunatic maniac. I mean, you've got so much to lose there. That buckin a half an hour and all those freebies. You get all those free lunches. And based on what you're getting paid, you need those free meals badly. Yes, I do. I can't stand. No individual names. That's our poll that they can't stand. We're just not 341. Wins by hands down your pants. All them get keys. We can't stand get keys with, especially get keys with cha-chies. Some Florida drivers 93, the US government 77, New Yorker 62, Phonies 59, loudmouths 45, how about radio sales people? Well, that's Phonies loudmouths. People who stink 42, some Florida 40, this poll 33, red nex is got, but third man, Drunk's 29, his Spanish 22, Vainty Dose, stupid people 19, going to the dentist 19, Jews 17, my in-laws 9, being married 8, people on cell phone 7, Florida Plunder, Route 6, white people 5, white people make me angry. Reality shows 4, obese people 4, like Josh Friedman. Oh god. Telephones solicitors 3, sports nerds 2, free loaders 1, radio, chronics 1, Fags and doctors out of 1000-day votes still get, a big Oso far. How about Fag doctors? Oh, huh? Better watch them. How about you Fag doctors? Would you think of that? 19, till noon, if you am, this thing is smokey along, then I got a pretty decent pile here of cramp. That good? Great. And then of course, I'll go back in my word world. We'll get a couple more calls because they're frantic today. Look, WQAM, hello. Hey, now, palies. Yeah. How about the home of the corner? Oh, it's a good choice. Next one choice. What's that? Homeless voice. The whole, you don't have to even, that's all you have to put under the homeless voice. People's. Man, see you on a speedcourt. They're just right over. So, oops, I'm sorry. Or since it is after October 1st, I say, oh, you're in my way. You're threatening, I feel very insecure with you out here, like, uh, getting in my face. Right? Right. Sean Pinoni, my ass. Okay, one of them, another cult. Everything is, everything is a scanner. Although I'm maybe we ought to start recommending him because he's got a good deal going like Kevin Chudel. Maybe we ought to start, uh, inspiring those people. I'll take a page out of their book. Yeah. A lot of people involved in scams from what I'm hearing. 17 till noon at QAM, when you're shopping for a shoe, is no scams at Brandeys. They be just a vessel, less than the best prices. And personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit in your favorite cell issue every time. And we're talking every major brand of invented. They got them. Rockport, floor, shime, echo. S.A.S. M. Fiston, new balance, and lots more. And Brandeys professional shoe fit is. We'll make sure you have a customized fit just as for Arnie. They'll take care of your tutsies really well. The pros of Brandeys understand fit and comfort even specialise in wide widths as well. So Brandeys is well worth the trip for you from just about any place in South Florida. For comfort style, fit value one selection, always think Brandeys shoes. And you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua Beach. Brandeys open daily to 9 every Sunday till 5. And this week is a great time to buy Spiries at Brandeys. Take 20% off of all great men's and women's styles. Be sure to get your ass in the store this week. Or do your shoe shopping run in their prestigious website at Brandeysshoes.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. Oh my god, everybody's heads about the bed. This is a bed. This is a way to win a better bed man. This is a way to win a better bed. What can I say? It's a trick to ring in the bed. You know why people in this country get fat? Thanks. A clique for the food trucks. Two kins. This is a nice漢ksboro that's not against it. Mud area, what's the first four They can do it. Yeah, they can do it. Yeah, that's tricky. That's it. Get it in your gun. And we're flipping off. This is fucking the big finale. When the party does it, it's gonna ring a fire. Don't say no. That's a man. Why? Everybody knows. That's a man. It's a man. That's a man. That's a man. That's a man. That's a man. That's a man. That's a man. That's a man. Yeah, we're probably going to be in thank Turkey on Christmas too, right? Right? Big fat one. Sure. It's not going to make fat one eating the turkey. And maybe a hand, maybe a Christmas hand. Right? Except for the Orthodox Jews will not be eating no hand. Maybe a couple of yams, but no hand. Turkey him. Okay, so what's the story? You seem very slightly or what? Anybody open up that door? Wait, if it's a, hey, guys, anything like that happened this morning? I'll be there. I'll be there. Ben, Ben, Ben, slightly to them, killing it up all the time. So he's gonna play this door. Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ben, Ben, Ben. Yeah. A mysterious speaking of mysteries, a mysterious twin-outer playing owned by an Led CIA front. Turned up in Northern Ontario this fall, raising on answered questions about why it was there. A CIA front. It's the way this twist and a production segment of aircraft controlled by a parent shell companies of the USCIA. Flight that obtained by the Canadian press indicates they have on the H.C. six, 300 aircraft landed in the Su-Sameary Ontario. And early October after taking off from Michigan's Jackson County airport. Uh-oh. From there, the 22-seat turbo prop made the short trip to the airport just as west of the Hamlet of Bar River Ontario. A Bar River airport official says he doesn't discuss claims that use of facility out of respect for customers privacy. I suggest you don't pursue this any further city. Frissel last not to be named. I have no knowledge of any CIA aircraft he said while his video is we're darting all around. I suggest you don't pursue this any further. Then stop to ominous. Is it? No. Plains that stop in Bar River generally do so for refueling or maintenance he said. The airport is home to a company that specializes in work on to have an aircraft. There's no record of the plane leaving Bar River. The alleged CIA twin auto had flown to Jackson, Michigan of all places from Johnson County Airport in Smithfield, North Carolina. A facility seen a lot by the New York Times a hub for covert American air operations. They went to Jackson, Michigan probably to go to Jackson Hardest Raceway and put on tourist A.R. Or Wayne Temple, or Gerald Bannedfield. US Federal Aviation Administration Secretary of the Aircraftwood tail number of ODI is registered to A.V.A.S. and Specialties in Korea for them. When a seven firms identified by the Times of CIA for prior theories, the address of the Difficult to trace companies and anonymous Washington Post Office box. How do you like that? A CIA spokesman declined to come in a reports of Canadian landings. He said, you mama, a nine year old business a. That's it. How do you like that? All kinds of mysterious and grotesque things going on. And we are just a bunch of pawns that's all in a bigger game in the big chest game of life. But you know something? So what five thousand years from now, who gives a crap, right? We'll be fossils. We'll all be fossilized. We'll be fossils like the people in sunrise lakes and the people in Tamarack will be fossils. Like I'm becoming very rapidly. I'm becoming fossilized like that lizard bird. I'm a good part of that archafter. Oh, the archafter. That's right. That's a good word. I thought you said that lizard bird. I thought I'm picking on bird Reynolds again. He bird. You're fair. I had hairpiece, man. Go see Chuck Alphiari. Get your ass straight. Can you see him in down Delaware? Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. And who's the other fat queen? The other, what's that guy's name? James Poco. I don't know about him. What? Oh, I mean, I know who that is, but I didn't know that. Yeah, you know. Now, you know, he went that way. He goes that way. No way. I mean, in fact, next time we have an earthquake, it's probably James Coco and down Delaware. Although, Tom's got a wife, you know, but ever see Dom and Paul Poodon together. And that late, Lee. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Let's get some verbal intercourse going today. Otherwise, when I could take any more calls for the rest of this century. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. I hear voices. WDQA. Ha ha ha ha. Believe that. Ha ha ha ha. That explains it. QAML of it. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think I know why Lionel Taker didn't get so much sympathy anymore. There's all left who hasn't been mugged or card yet. I am. If he wants to go ahead and kill himself, that would be the best thing he could happen to his. Thanks. You know. I don't do it. Yeah, just do it Lionel. Like they say, just do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. We just don't have any sympathy for people like, you know, our artic and troller. And then steal pizza. To me, or. Where if you think even murder is not in the same way with steal and somebody's pizza? Oh for me. Ha ha ha ha. Well, heavy backs of art in a friend himself. And of course the way things are going on in this stage nobody knows who's gonna be back tomorrow Got some real mysterious ongoing going Zion I think we'll talk about that tomorrow. Come any QAM hello Not that's not a good. Not a good. Not a good. Tell me the QAM hello Yes, sir. I know it's part of the format. What the FTC That's the next and now we have a lemma very good choice. We know And a humbuck required for the hot fuck silent fart Well, we can't play the original one. We'll tell you the new one. All right, please do okay Can't play the original one no more because you go Just like that, you know a leaky tire right. That's all I was just a tear running out of here So see if you had a nice Corvette with those tires that go like 250 miles on a flat. They never go flat Another good reason to be driving one of the Corvettes. Does that mean that they're like bulletproof to oh? Yeah 567 Ask a Paul Servino. He'll tell you I am so I just can't handle him I know I don't I don't know like him. I think he's a really Just good for the actor. I just Huh? I suspect that he spat there some actors who are fat that a good Marlon Brando was a fat in the godfoggy was great It's been fat's got nothing to do with it. He's just always the same He's not an actor. He's just a shrub. That's all He just shows up and he asked like a shrub Like a mafia see shrub. That's it because good fellows was on again over the weekend And I I'm gonna tell you something Two things I like I toward the narration is much worse than ever realized that yeah Ray Leotodl narration of the is 100 times more annoying than I ever realized and In addition to which the biggest flamen will be and I thought of this before is the kid that plays his character as a kid Yeah, is a real smooth faced You know about limo 1314 years old. No, remember the kid? He's a little older than that, but yeah, I see your point right well Well, whatever his age is that's not important with the fact is he's in fact the fact that he is older It makes it even more ridiculous because if you're gonna get zits as a teenager by the time you're like 15 or 16 right It's supposed to be in there You have something he's got his face and his smooth as a baby's ass So great and then all of a sudden he becomes Ray Leotodl and it looks like all crater push like a like James was Had intercourse with Wayne Hisinger some right well not only that, but they usually do a pretty good job And they find an actor to play somebody when the town and this was like as bad as it could have been right It is a dark complexed dark hair Exactly Ray Leotodl who's even past your ice than you are and got craters the size of Mount Rushmore I don't know he looked at me. I'm not picking again. It's a good movie I'm not gonna say it's not good but boy. It's got a lot of flaws It's not that not the least of which is that whole narration thing And I yeah, yeah, he right sends me right to the bull just sends me unless the series Remember Sam Crook said you send me right to the motel look Okay, he comes with the bull to again Too bad the car can't wasn't there so who is tell me that they're watching the small village again? Wasn't me now somebody was tell me this season. Oh, maybe he was Adam. Who was Adam and then he quit? Adam and sales boy. I'd say that sales department pecked there. Are they doing a job or what they these guys? Every time you think you reach the new low if the QMS sales department level you they come up with new It's just shocking It's a stop machine and we didn't have a whole bunch of people walking around with Rolex watches from tradehouse We didn't have all those trades spots on here. We'd be doing a dollar a holiday just like across the street Don't feel too bad Joel. We may have the numbers, but you got to spot This is real This is five sixty two Little more holiday and this portion of the new Rogers are your 12th one. How are you? Is brought to you by the led at 12 one two people by six a great night 11 12 So I says a pizza Oh Oh Oh You I 12.1, speaking of, that, helped me for the moment, from the anti-central, the Bank Atlantic Center, to get ready for that big, talking game tonight. Any interest, the Red Hot Ottawa Senators, against your struggling sort of Panthers, although the Panthers have won two in a row, side by each. I think that's the first time to season that, I do believe, pretty sure. No, actually, now, in the beginning, they did pretty good, for a few games, then they went into a tail spin. Now that they finally dumped Christian, whose elie is, only better things can happen. Tampa, woman's suit is, ex-panthers cheerly. Do you remember that story about that business in the abar? Yeah, how can you forget? A woman's suit, a former Carolina Panthers cheerleader, containing that she was punched at a bar, and seeking more than $15,000 for her injuries. Melissa Holden, she's still holding it. Melissa Holden, tank of Fadalau suit, it said, Victoria Renee Thomas, intentionally willfully and maliciously assaulted and battered her. I've been humiliated and said, Holden, 26 year old, and I've been a doctor for a student and there's people, I assume I have a boyfriend or a husband who beat me up. Thomas is a attorney. William Buntings Jr. declined to comment Friday because neither he or Thomas had seen the lawsuit. He didn't return to phone messages or the door for a show of the weekend. This was from SI.com. Holden was waiting in line in the bathroom of a Tampa Barnaby, when Thomas punched her police said, Thomas in another chulator, Angela Keithley had emerged from a stall after patrons yelled at them to get their all out of there already. They were in their doing lesbian stuff. Yeah. Thomas 20, a Pittsburgh North Carolina faces a battery charge into other charges of using a false name. Angela Keithley, 26 of Belmont North Carolina, see that's a North Carolina trailer trash. Yeah. Faith's a charge of thrucking officer and disorderly conduct. Now we know I George likes it. It says nothing to be fired up and we back in North Carolina. You know it. Loose trailer trash. Someone this is that Thomas Keithley were having sex in the stall, but Thomas later denied that. She and Keithley have since been fired and from the top cast, cheerleading squad. The Carolina Panthers. Let's see who do they be? You say Atlanta, huh? Yeah. We'll talk about mediocrity. Maybe all these teams are in their out there after a lot of mediocre teams in that league, baby. You got Indianapolis, Colson, then you got to rest of the league. Am I right about that? There's some good teams, but you got to Colson, you got to rest of the league. And you're just not saying anything because you think they're going to lose a game. I'll say, right now, but he's going to be the Colson. Okay. And then I think we'll be a good time after they go on to feed it and sweep on through a win a Super Bowl championship. I think that'd be a good time for the Sandy Peyton Man to come out. You're fair, right? That'd be great. Oh my god. That would be interesting. Now, the interesting, Super Bowl champion World Champion quarterback comes out of the closet. Oh, God. In fact, you look at him and you think, go, please stay in. So anyway, let's get back to these guy and locate. This is what's got me whipped up into a frenzy. Obviously, the audience, because religious nuts are what you can't stand. We can't stand him. Take all your fairy tales in the very amount of ground somewhere. Put him in the space capsule. The article says, who raved for Hollywood. This is from the Toronto Star Noll, as yesterday. Written by Tony Wong, the entertainment reporter. Varver Nick Alossey has one problem with movies that have a Christian message. She thinks, both of them are God awful. And they're quite a play on words. They're God awful. That's cute. I get it. He's got awful or what? Yeah, oh yeah. Absolutely. But his wrath shall wax hot and yaddi adi adi adi. Heavins and Nicolosi hits through him and make the best films, but the former none wants to change that. Heavins make the best films. No wonder there aren't a lot of believers. So there's so much horrible work out there. His name is Nicolosi, founder of Los Angeles based act one, an organization affiliated with the top Christian writers until they're in Hollywood. The story of the current rise of Christianity in Hollywood is a tale of the lion, the nun, and the billionaire. A lot of lion going on. By the way, speaking of the lies, did the Clara's come in here? No, but Greg did. He did? Yeah. Said, hi, and ask me about my ideas. Yeah. What do you mean he asked you about your ideas? Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. How do you know you have ideas? Did we tell you? That's a terrible valson, or by the way, did you some he gave it to you? No, I blame my wife. No, I blame my wife. Oh, try as you do. Looks fine. The story of the current rise of Christianity in Hollywood is the tale of the lion, the nun, the billionaire. The movie industry has become a big time born again, believe director, Spiritson, the power of faith-based marketing. This Friday, Disney and partner, Walden Media releases the Chronicles of Narnia, the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, which has the potential to be the biggest hit yet with Christian audiences. We got Christian music, Christian video games, Christian movies, Christian yellow pages. Narnia was greenlighted a week after the release of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, which grossed more than $600 million worldwide. How can it be a sentence missing here? Many people in the Christian community turned their back on Hollywood. There was a feeling that working in Hollywood was wrong that you'd lose your soul, said Nickelosie. We watched our hands of the entertainment industry. She's active in the Presbyterian Church, is what it says. But that attitude has changed dramatically since the success of the passion of the Christ. Nickelosie co-ed it or behind the screen how the wood inside is on faith-filmen cultures, is he formed back one as an affirmative action for Christians. We have to earn our right to sit at the table again, and say Nickelosie, I wonder if that's the pass over table like Jesus said that. Is that the one she's talking about? Have a little wine. Try to line honey. How come the only side on that one side? Well, because the going we're all kept on one side. To that end on the far right. To that end, Nickelosie's organization trains Christians to work in TV and fill out the guides of some of the tough course they weren't in the Goi and I'll be telling the professionals like committed Christians, including Ralph Wooder, executive producer of the X-Men series, and Dean Battale executive producer of that 70 show. All figures, I told you that little Mexican in the Queen on there is the adi price. Whatever he is. Oh, I know what he is. He's a gay. It'll take time, but the seeds are there as his Nickelosie was spent nine years in a combat to be to source studying, film, and working in Hollywood. It's not just happening in Hollywood as they move and it's happening all over. I have another one for the poll, by the way, screaming queens. Got it? We got it. I'm serious. I'm not sorry about that. I'm going to change my vote. For proof that the intersection of Hollywood and Christianity is gained the extreme level momentum on more than one continent, the most unlikely places. You have to take a draft of Scarborough at Scarborough on Terrioye. And then there are things missing on this story. Some kids, 14 year old Wesley, puts the DVD into his father's laptop and dims the lights. The viewers don't know if a department or a radical experiment that could change the way movies are marketed. They're among the first to see the Canadian produced movie, left behind world war starring Luke Gosson's Union Kirk Cameron. Oh, God. I told him he was born again. Not Kirk Cameron tonight. Oh, we know it all. The movie expands on events described in the biblical book of revelations where Christians ascend to heaven leaving non-believers behind. Oh, please take us with you. On seconds out of here, going to be there. We'll stay here. What if he great there? I'll go in up there. We can still stay here. Bye. Bye. The twist is that the film is developed with your local cinniplex. Produces of the Saturday, that they'll distribute this film directly to 30, 200 churches across North America simultaneously and say, be these in Scarborough's part of that world they view. It was a great men in Scarborough. There's a lot of us darken the daytime in Scarborough. By the way, a lot of shootings going on. It was a great message. You'll want to remove it. I really drove the point home. Says Caluson. It was great. He was suddenly sermon. After all, nobody wants to left behind. You want to be left behind? I've already had that. Especially Hollywood. While not all films have the box office grossing power of Narnia, Hollywood hasn't been lined by the fact that churches typically have video equipment big screens and lots and lots of views. But so far, no one has had the host, but it really saved film directly to the church, skipping theaters altogether. Essay and Katherine's Ontario-based Cloud 10 pictures is done. How do you like that? It goes on. Maybe in summer, we've said. Her wafer. Her wafer haulie was. The glam are going to outdo everybody, baby. And Disney has sold out an ABC. They've got a Christian story on their last tenons of every newscast. Brother. I was speaking to that. Speaking of purverts. Lude Rubbing shuts Paris statue. Parallel, she's cemetery in Paris. His fence stuff, a famous tomb to rent Lude Axe being performed on a statue. Can you see this? Nope. The effigy of 19th century journalist known as Victor Nguar has long been popular with women visitors. This is partly due to his reputation as a romantic figure and partly because of the effigy's design. Officials concerted about damage to the icons groin area, have erected a fence around the grave and a sign-provening indecent rubbing. Nguar, whose real name was Ivan Salman, was killed by Pierre Bonaparte, a great nephew of the Emperor Napoleon, after burying him a challenge to a duel. According to the story, he was due to get married that after he was killed. Well, probably a saved him a lot of grief. The statue shows Nguar and a fraught coat and trousers lying flat on his back when they distinct enlarged into the groin. The effigy's been held as an aid to love or fertility. It is said that a woman who kisses the lips of the prostrate statue and slips the flower into the un-upturned top hat will fight a husband by the end of the year. A new sign warms any damage caused by graffiti or indecent rubbing will be prostitute, okay? Let's see what we got in this poll. Probably take maybe two or four thousand more calls before two before y'all the infant of all man. And Y'all tell these says it shows better when he does it. Now he says it in a bit all the time. I can't stand again. No individual names were really getting very tired of all that pick it on the same half dozen old farts, even though they won't deserve it. But I can't stand religious, not strivered in 66. South Florida drivers 95, the US government 80, New Yorker 63, Phony 63, Laudmouth's 40 and I see some connectivity there. People who stink 42, South Florida 41, this poll 33. And by the way, people who stink, it's not just people that like far, lot of don't take a bath. It's people that like put on way too much colon. Correct. Perfume. Oh, God, we're gonna build it. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? You could swim. People who stink 42, South Florida's biggest stink 41, this poll 33. Redneck's 31. Black people 31. How about black redneck's? I still, I've heard of that surlast week. It's a true story last Wednesday. I still can't believe that anybody could be that rednecky and that stupid. Sure. I sit down next to a total stranger. Somebody that haven't got any ID who I am and say to me, oh, I can't stand it when people aren't white when anything. You should have said it or Jews either. I was so flabbergasted. No, what the hell is saying? I don't think that's taken to a screen or a piano banana. God can't stand it when anybody who is white whens anything. Drugs 29, stupid people 25, his Spanish 23, go to the dentist 21, Jews 18, people on cell phones 11. So Greg came in to show that he was there. My in laws nine. I mean, whens the last time he came in to make a small talk with you? I don't know, a couple weeks ago. My in laws nine, if he and L.A. being married eight, telephone solicitors seven, L.B.s people five, white people five, how about white L.B.s white people? Then to have a fan Albert. Reality shows for homeless voice people free, sports nerds, the FCC, Solomon, they all know, one for fags, one for free lowers, one for radio quantities, none yet for screaming queens or doctors. How about doctors or screaming queens? Thousands 77 votes. We're going to be way over 100 by one of clock today. We are just shocking the radio world, you know? So what else do we have to say? How to be? Like that? No, not even like that. This is Neil Roger. No, no, no, no, no, no. This five 16, 16, 18. Neil, those caros. They were starting to sound pretty rude, and this is Miss Rose. Here's his mock message. Dave eighty nine is here later. One minute? For his Father? He's thirsty? Bakin? He's hungry? Oh yeah? Yeah. Oh hey liber. Long endar baby.orde. The wave of the king is indeed! Oh wait! Wait! Listen! My son. my son, my son man! C'mon there Irishicusco, kill him! Listen to other Irishicusco, I don't want to do it! He is coming out of me! my son man! Boy gentlemen! What are you looking for? What are you looking for? While rising, the far one who ever could fall the sky. Play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble , play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubbleTwitch, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, street bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, playatal, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play bubble, play But once a year is good, and like Matsu, once every once in lifetime is good until you realize it tastes like cardboard, all of it's some bread and some butter and salt. Now we got a fast 98 votes. I bet if I were fresh we'd have 1100 but the most important thing is now when Greg came into the pretend that he'd like you, well always. Oh, 1100 votes on a pool 1100 even. That's only 1220. That is shocking. Professor loses weight with no diet diet. I'll be dead. You know that after I ate that half gallon of ice cream and it is a true story by the way last week. Yes, please have any hesh. I beg your pardon. Sit down. My blood sugar was fine the next day and I was down like, let's see. Yesterday morning I was down to 1951. That's the lowest I weighed in a very long time. I'm forced to just morning in fact one 93 but that's not because I ate so much yesterday's that water thing, you know. Right. So I'm maybe I was like tilting to one side but it wasn't too bad. Which is it's not a good idea to go out and eat a half gallon of corn to ice cream but nevertheless you can do it once in a great while and it kind of like, keep you going. It's like heroin addicts I guess. Is that a good analogy? I don't know what it does. I'm very much going to keep you going for a while. It's like methadone. Yeah. When Stephen Hawks was tempted by ice cream bars, M&Ms and top-feed covered almonds at the grocery store, he doesn't pass him up. He fills up a shopping cart. What you go Steve, what is it M&Ms? I'd rather have smarty zeroes going to eat. I know I actually do like M&Ms. You know they have those little bags once a mile you order those. Just enough sugar in there to keep me calm down. You know I mean the real small bags. I don't like envelopes of M&Ms. No, not even envelopes. Like a small one. Like a small envelope. It's the no diet diet and approach the Brigham Young University Health Science professor used to lose 50 pounds and keep it out for more than five years. I'll ride. I like his style. Hawks calls his plane intuitive eating and thinks the rest of the country be better off. People stopped counting calories. Started paying attention to a hunger pangs and ate whatever they wanted. Oh yeah, that's my kind of diet baby. Stop counting calories. Start paying attention to a hunger pangs and ate whatever they wanted. As part of intuitive eating, Hawks surrounds himself with unhealthy foods he especially craves. He says having an over abundance of what's taboo helps him lose his desire to gorge. And that's right. I think he's got a point. I think I had a little bit of that no diet diet last week. Well let us know how it works now. In fact after I happen to maybe a gallon would do it. If I half a gallon maybe lose my appetite the rest of the week. Just imagine what a gallon would do. I'm dying on the hair. Wow. There is a catch to this no diet diet. However, intuitive eating is the only eat when they're hungry and stop when they're full. That means not eating your box of chocolates when you're feeling blue or too big plate of nachos. Just because everybody else at the table is. The trade-off is the chance to eat whatever your heart desires when you actually hungry. Like you every morning a same old crap. All I'm a star. You're not starving. Yes I am. No you're not. Both of you. The same old crap. No you're not. You're just conditioned having all that free food. You're all like you're headed. No? Yeah, a light headed my ass. Probably. Do you know how long you have to go without eating before your light headed? Get out of here. Yeah. Like 12 hours at least. No. Get out of town man. You're dreaming. Well some of us don't have all the reserves of fat like some. How's your IVS doing by the way? That's you know it. You see also have your double bowel. We can only hope Greg. I don't know. I don't think he doesn't say. Hello, how many ask you that? I think he's concerned about me. Oh my god. We must have a bad connection here. Oh yeah. That was one of the all-time... I can't believe I heard what I just heard. I'm sure he's... Yeah. Very concerned. I was missed, though, you've not very clever way of coming on your show and hey, here I am, I'm here, and that's said it went so on. You know something, I think he probably planted those stories. Now, what were you telling me about that horse that used to raise the mental lens, magical mic? Is that what it was, magical mic? Right. That means not anything old I just read that. The tradeoff is the chance to see whatever your heart desires when you actually hungry. One of the advantages of intuitive eating is you're always eating things that are most appealing to you, not out of emotional reasons, not because it's there. And taste good, he said, whenever you feel a physical urge to eat something accepted and eat it, the craving tend to subside. I don't have anywhere near the cravings. I would say, we strained it or something. I think that's a good point. You know what, one of the things I do all the time is I'll have lunch. I'll make like a couple of brought words to something. And then after I finished because I'm not full and I still am craving that something's sweet, then I'll go out and get my ice cream or candy or some crap. I suppose to, if I just went out and got the ice cream in the first place, indeed, didn't eat the brought words to the other, that I didn't really want anyway. If I were him saying, it would have been a hell of a lot less. If I were him, this was a psychological of it. I just, you know, whatever. Good luck. One of the, hey, listen, I'm still going strong. Maybe you only wish yours healthy as I am. Mr. Mr. Always, sick, Mr. Erdogal, Mr. How's your kiss keys doing? The water is just, remember your friend? That's it. How you doing? One of the advantages and intuitivities is you're always eating things that are most appealing to you, not out of emotional reasons, not because it's their taste. What he said, whenever you feel the physical urge to eat something accepted and eat it, the craving tends to subside. I don't have anywhere near the cravings that would as they were straight into he said. Talk should know in 1989 the Utah native had a job at North Carolina State University and we're all he wanted to return to his home state. But at 210 pounds, a real poker, he didn't think a fat person would get a job teaching students how to be healthy. So his calorie counting began. He lost weight, how to job at Utah State. But the pound soon came back. For several years his weight fluctuates eventually eventually gave up on big and restraint, eater, and the weight stayed on. You definitely lose weight on a diet, but resisting biological pressures is ultimately doomed. Seven years later, when still overweight his new job at Brigham Young, Hustosada was time for lifestyle change. He stopped feeling guilty by eating salt and vinegar potatoes. He also stopped eating when he wasn't hungry. Slowly and steadily his weight began to drop exercise help. His friends in Cobra, Hustosada, noticed in the slumber hawks. It astonished me, actually, said his friends Stephen Peck. We were both very heavy. It was hard not to be struck. He loves him, by the way, a virtual end of tech. I got it. And after watching Hawks losing kick the weight off of your in half-packed right into it, beating in January, I was pretty skeptical of the idea you could do anything. You want to, you know, feel like it struck me as odds at Peck, who's an assistant professor at BYU. And then, a few months later, Peck sometimes eats mid-chocolate chip ice cream for dinner. A 35-pound slider end is a believer in intuitive eating. Chocolate chip ice cream for dinner, all I can say about is fat. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. A. I love the 32, 28-1 citizen. And when we have played an oldie, but moldy in a long time. I love that much too long. Okay, let's get 4,000 calls on between now and 2 o'clock. I've done enough confagulating here already. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, leave a rise in the singular wireless line. Let's light up those phones like a holiday tree. Like an ex-miss bush. See, you know, people, people into the separation of church and state. I have great respect for them and thank goodness for them. But the ones that take it too far. And then, of course, we find out that Bill are rallying me the whole thing up in a first place. Nobody is trying to take away your Christmas. I see even there. Oh, it's screaming about that. This is all just made up bunch of crap. Nobody is trying to take away your Christmas. Nobody is trying to take it. Jesus, I had said it, and so on. God, all mighty. Although the pine needles do make a mess. Yeah, the 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, a nice manure would be much more sensory. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, I have to do a serve. Good afternoon, New color. I would like to let my family know publicly that I, for the holidays, I do not want to be putting more marlin thickets. Thank you. Excellent. How about some fruit cake would be good? Not a fruit cake, so out there. They will actually eat fruit cake. No. Now, for the temperature we went into the density dumpsters, all your homeless people out to the eat your meals. Remember I had a story about the homelessness in our homeless, but the people at eat out of the dumpster in New York? What about it? I'm going to say if you go out of the dumpsters after the Christmas is over, all you find more fruit cakes. When you think that's a bumbuff-fab brother. If you go out of the dumpsters in Wilton, manners, you'll find fruit cakes anytime of the year. Let's see, how screaming queens doing? We got two for screaming queens, and I couldn't change my vote. Don't label me. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. I want to say things about the body wash, but how many Downs? It's three. No, okay. No, five. Would you like to meet? You want to hear me? You just going to keep a bump, a bump, a bump, a bump like that. Fair bit quiet. Three, oh, five. Six, five, oh. Oh, one, ninety. Oh, one, ninety. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Mother will see. He's going to send us to think about a timing, helping her. I thought it was something grotesque he was going to put on last week. And probably it was. And still will be. Anybody that uses timing, helping her body wall. Yeah. I guarantee a Josh Curtis would be because this did wash him with that. Tell me, stink, finger. No, not me. No, Tommy Hills thinker. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. How about the Jocquistot body wash? Now there's an oldie that will be good for it. Yeah. WDQA and hello. He wouldn't exactly have talked to hoist. He's all like an overhead position. Yeah. WDQA. WDQA and hello. Yeah. Good to come in for George. Quick HU. Hey, here we know that. Old news. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. In fact, he probably is just coming in to make sure he's still Do have a irritable boss so we can enjoy it. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hi, how are you? Great. Um, our car shopping over the weekend for Corvette. And I realized that you're so dedicated to that automobile. Maybe think to you, because you have your Corvette brand. You know, our shift up to Toronto. Absolutely not. I have no car here now. Oh, you're not really necessary. No. No. You still have it. I missed the car. I got two of them. I missed the cars, but I don't miss driving him because I like to stay alive. I like to have this survival instinct, which is why I made it this far. I think. I got out of the car. The last few years, rabbit and southward, it became such a hassle. I believe me. The drivers here are no quick to get there. The camping guy that takes me everywhere I want to go. And the driving here is almost as obnoxious as it is there. So I just, I don't miss that. Oh, you're living a better life than now. Yes, sir. All right. Just want to know. You take care. Good luck to enjoy it, pal. Enjoy your Fed. Nothing like your vet. I get out there one night on the I 75 by 3 in the morning and crank that baby up to about 150 mile an hour and see what happens. It's a great start of a big eye ever had the 2005, but, um, no, don't get a lot of things to do. That's fine. It's just a way like it. Now, who the hell was Troy always bugging me to drive my corvette? No chance Troy. I'm going to you not my type. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless lines. W2AM, hello. I'm going to you. Yes, I am. Hi, how are you? I'm great how you. I'm very fine. I just want to let you know that after listening quite a few times to me, to me, so close to you. Yes, yes. Yes, I have come to the conclusion that if you listen to him and he gets like excited before a big play, he lowers his voice and it gets real scratching and he sounds just like Tom Parvel. I'm sorry. I'm not. I'm not. I'm sorry. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'll tell you one thing. You remember that old saying ice cream, you screen, we all screen for ice cream? Well, Jimmy, simple listen to the screen. We're so that kind of fits in. If you ever hear it, you will get to stargle. I almost, I almost just let myself listen to him. It was just that it was so fun. He gets really low and it's, you know, could feel plus is on for touch them. I'll be there. Check it out. Okay, thanks. Love you to pieces. See ya. Nice. Jimmy, simple. This isn't getting exactly where you've reviewed. Even, of course, the sports local sports broadcast writers are like sucking up big time. Just like they would do rich walls. They got no opinion about anybody. You know, there's just everybody's doing a great job. Everybody's wonderful and including them. You know, Jim Sarnian, very jackass between the two of them. If they had an IQ, a bigger than the thumbnail, it would be a miracle. Perfect. But if it's in like a rubber glove and so Florida, just like Jimmy Sifyllis does. And Geli, butch up on O'Tahki Broadcast. Pretty pleased. You see, if it was me. And I can't say, I don't know. Maybe he's got the hockey pack these of the size. I don't know what his deal is. But if I was prepared to do in bark on a career doing that, I'd be listening to a lot of other people not to try to imitate somebody else, like right there Randy there with a peanut butter and a top shelf up at that crap. We're putting off her dinner right. I wouldn't be doing that. But I like, I would hear how it's actually done by the people of the best and try to create my own style based on how you broadcast a game as opposed to, as he brand a cane scars. And that's just not broadcasting the game, baby. That's not it. And I try to give him like lots of support. Lots of kudos there to begin. I thought he was just sounded okay, having listened 40 seconds here and maybe about 30 minutes. But he needs to crank that act up a little bit. No, I don't understand. Crank it up a mid-geldy. That's it. We got Geldy at the end of center with two. And then of course, mad dog sandwiched between one of his couple of days of refort this week, 4 to 6 30, 2 1 1 a.m. And then we got Panther people at 6 30 that, uh, aforementioned game, this is a makeup game that was canceled during the, uh, hurricane. The Ottawa Senvers, the highly touted and how great Ottawa Senvers to play the Panther 7 clock tonight, 80 k follows the hockey game. Burt's an upgeldy. The real Rogers, you fail it. They five 16, two, eight, six. I, this is Jim. Love you, show me, love you, love you. You show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me, you show me. Let's react, I show you, I show me my 54 to number out our pool and it's only a quarter to one. How do you like that? 1245 and a pole is a lie They love our pool 1150. What's not the light? What's not the light? We're gonna be a 1300 by the end of the during the show today. That goes to show if we start tomorrow's right now I can't stand no individual names please. That's the pool. Remember come up with this by like I'm Friday by accident Can't stand So many things we can't stand We're gonna just not three eighty four. They're way out ahead of the pack all in Getskies South Florida drivers 98 the US government 86 469 New Yorker 66 loudmouth 50 South Florida 43 people who stink 43 this Pearl 34 can't stand it Stupid people 33 red next 33 black people 33 drugs But 30 man His Spanish 23 go to the dentist 23 Jews 19 Can't stand you People on cell phones 12 telephone solicitors 10 my in laws nine obese people nine FP and L8 being married eight reality show six sports nerd six white people five screaming queen Squares four Miss village people homeless voice Wow, I got a little confused. I decided those two together Homeless voice people three Fags three the FCC two three voters two radio chronic one and doctor so far the big they love their doctors man Boy you people run for a big surprise. They want to most of you dying out there You trust those butchers those grave robbers All their domains run in the big scam and then their detail men just the details please You know that scan that goes on that's why every doctor you'll ever go to is got a big closet full of pills Yeah, odd the fair everyone of the pill doctor. I'm not really a pill doctor. Yes. You are they all denied But they're all pill doctors and that's because they're all in the take right from the detail man from the pharmaceutical companies that are killing most of you 567560 pound five 60 only Verizon singular wireless lines WDQ AM hello Hello You know I'm seated all now and driving down the road today getting on 95 without the chogi Boulevard. There's a big sign All are is God. Oh my God Pretty bad the disgusting But what are you gonna do sign America is the Chinese say Zyna America Well have a nice day Merry Christmas and happy you are your right Bye see you bye Everybody else is not just with their religion why should they be loved out happy Shinnuka man It's right happy to know come Merry Christmas happy quansa Mary Mary Barry Barry you can see them will be all fold down very very You'll get that one for you. You'd like it. I'll take them who knows the nice at list Taylor's in that no. I don't know But I'm on Google it do it all fall down Carl Maldon's in it Brandon to world is in it. Hey, Bradham. Nice dead damn it Jesus Christ 10 to Oh, it's Jesus and I want I'm thinking he's an elephant Although Brandon gets a little cross when Warren steals his chick. Who is it who plays in there is it even a recent getting there now? Maybe it's even a recent Not on their Taylor 62. I imagine yeah The problem Alden with it and his nose was bigger than usual and I'm over you just to my kept lighting up Warren Bady Even Randy right for a long Angela landsbury. No, she didn't play she was she was she was she was She was my mother yeah, alert Brandon the world it like he said she was at a Bell Angela landsbury. Right constant forward Barbara backslie oh constant for his aunt who the one was Evans I beg you pardon as Huddy. I don't know Before you look at for I was not gonna for whoever played and I was wrong. I was all over the place Oh, it was Warren Bady Warren Bady and Brandon will do with the sons and Angela landsbury and What's his name curl with the big nose molden with appearance and she was like, you know I saw our first that's our Brandon world. I saw our first very very well too bad echo because you know about Warren Bady Those stories about him and Hollywood So I heard I said the brand and you maybe a cute kid, but you sure can't measure up your brother. Oh, okay Well, I'm sure he couldn't find who could 560 don't answer the question. Just a rhetorical question. Okay. Let's move along a community and 560 Verizon and singular wireless lines Well, maybe had a good moral. It didn't have bad aim at big lead you. W Q a and hello Yeah, you know yes, sir I know just for the the family was keep the day. I'm going today Make sure you include the queue of in Miami man. I hate him. Take your put up on a rickan I Thought we had his Spanish to cover it all and then when I should do it well if you happen to be a Hispanic then you hate those other Hispanics Wow, I'm sorry we can't we can't if we're gonna like dissect every sec, you know It's like Like the first like the leading one they were born again. They were legit nuts are there so many different categories in there Well, you started it with the bags and then the screening queen. Well, I know there's a difference believe me There's a big difference there as far as you who he was only you're the only ones who see the difference You know, yes Maybe a smell it maybe you know maybe you think that the Mexican smell different from your Cubans Look then there and the weekend smell different from me Nikonago and I don't know and the Chinese smell And the India people low So it's not an a cave curry W D Q a M hello Yeah, I'm a girl who you all find can show W D Q a M hello Yes, you know, not a way out Franken started 51 minutes ago. K. Macho you sure is hello stuck around too long go ahead sir Yeah, you know the reason the doctors give that so many pills is because you ever see those pharmacy sales reps hot hot chips That They also I never saw one female detail person in my life at all been guys, but maybe yeah The guys okay, well, okay Huh, you don't remember the building You see the only one I can think of all the detail men I've ever known or heard of or seen in doctors or physicists were all Oh, I take that back. What's it to Cleveland, Phenic? There was a lady detail a detail lady And That was then she was there with some old bang to who haven't only was with her and whether it was her mother or her girlfriend what it was Yeah, so we'll duck you looking old bang 5670560 pound five 60 leave a rise in singular wireless lines W Q a M hello Mary Neil got an ear. Yes, sir I was sitting here show on Friday. I got some bits and pieces of it. I Remember you talking about You need the flood rockers. Why is it you have to take a big joys afterwards? Because they butter the pun I Know every time I ever ate your I had a joys coming out of me within five minutes right And that's it tell them tell them hold the butter baby We need to give you the bun because you know how they you know they make everything custom made for it But they have a habit they shmared they'll just smear the a fun with butter so tell them hold over It's like what you go to risk press the same thing They brawl the station butter, but if you ask them to hold the butter they don't they don't use the butter and they don't have to make a quick run because they give you so much food They're ordinarily if you you know if you have like like you and me with the irritable bowel Oh, yeah if you have a sensitive stomach or God forbid irritable bowel Then you go there and a butter there. Oh, brother. You have to make a beeline just pray that there's nobody in there That's a good thing we don't do the the show in the same place anymore My zan you imagine the the symphony if we ever did go to the magic room together I'll pass the chorus the duet although maybe that's for Lionel Tate was saying I thought I said he heard voices, but maybe he hears a symphony Maybe he's been in the Qm T-room 567 over and by the way if you go in there, don't steal the pizza We got one guy and our staff. I don't want to mention no name He probably eats he probably eats in the T-room oh And no I'm wasn't thinking of that one Oh Oh, yeah Well, when in order to maintain that grudge you don't have a lot of lot of not a lot of downtime from your eating omniscient carries food in his pockets. Oh, yeah By the way, her they put a new lock on the prize-dure near so we can't steal a more candy bars. Hey fat boy You idiot He's gonna help a job first to when I copy like today. Really that that whole operation back there If they still had the electric chair believe me we we'd we'd have some people including ourselves mangler courtesy Be first online up there All alone now that we got all these new what is the guy's name bif buzz bif poker rubble what's that guy from New York? Jeff Brett Brett that's it Brett boom You're too early today. Was he really well? Well, what's he got for us so far? What did he sell? He's gonna send you something to add on to the Emerald coast come by that you know something that's wonderful Okay, when is he gonna send it by the way for a year from circus that's fine But that's in the count that he inherited from Troy when heritage from somebody else who inherited from way back at IOD From 100 years ago go on and sell something okay go sell something And it's embarrassing it's humiliating and he grating when he got the numbers that we got as many Zidian people as me and this sales department got only knows what the hell they're working on do any each other Well, you know that yeah, well, I didn't know that. How do I how's Greg doing? WCWAM hello It's great. I got a I got stories for you. I was watching the news about today three days ago And with my daughter and this guy came on talking about Harry Potter and the how we drawing people to which craft Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm trying to get a French and after singing that witch craft It was my daughter looked at me and he thought it was a comedy skits. He's like it's seven years old He's actually you know, he looked at me like this before he found me. How was the staring at like oh my god Is actually people like this? I think it's like the flat the flat the flat earth crowd of taken over America They they they they they they loomiest Friend gentlemen, they've taken over the country, you know, and you can see their track record Thousands of years they haven't really made it bent They're still fighting until you know, yeah Who's right and give it a good old-time religion baby? Yeah, well, you guys have a good day. I'll I'll see you down below with the original Jennings My vote with a religious gravy. Okay. Thanks, bye. Hey, okay. Let's pray. But we'll fall to all the I So the crap all the bubble mice is all the time all the big business tax free business Not too late I say we get a combination of that Kevin Chutogai and we're listening get the two together Put a little cross in with every one of those books that he sells Little crucifix Maybe him as well. How about little menorah? We'll sell our make your own crucifix No, or let's get him a norah. What do you say? All right In fact, let's go for pizza and flora So that's not there anymore, huh? Any form for us? Do we find that out for sure? I don't know oh When I was just gonna I was gonna ask you something very important before the break. How do you feel about dessert? This is new This is By So one to two hour it's a phenomenon If anything strikes more fear in the hearts of criminals than two bicycle class It's two cops on one bicycle. They're getting away if you're not periling fast enough. I am too Shut up and stare in tandem force This bicycle bill for two is one big problem for Three All your extra time Which rule I just a front way you had the front last time okay? Fine take a front, but you have to make the sirens sound too Wait the rules say the guy in back makes the sirens sound whatever let's go Whoa They're taking a fight out of crutch Powder fine, but you need to warn me next time you make a turn 101 at five 60 WMR big one to two hour don't forget guilty for the mole myster It too. It will be back tomorrow. They'll have no fear and Greg is in the building Everybody out there was all worried about the egg Greg is here no sweat no problems. They're considered about Georgia's hell I got an article. It's very long, but I'm gonna read anyway. I want an alliance about Neil Bush Good John Gordon filled on alternate rights Neil Bush meets the Messiah Why is the presence younger brother Neil touring with the leader of the moonies? Those who stray from the heavenly way the under the flagship Republic of Newspaper the Washington Times Ammonish not in St. Taipei on Friday will be punished This heavenly way to Reverend Sonmyeong Moon explain demands a 51 mile underwater highway spanning Alaska and Russia Sitting in the front row Neil Bush to brother the president of the USA Reverend Sonmyeong Myeong Moon the South Korean janitor religious writer owns the Washington Times on a hundred cities speaking tour To promote his 200 billion dollar peace king tunnel dream as he describes a total would be well They might even to his magnificence and a totem to his prophecy be unified planet earth In this visiting United Nations it'd be reinvented as instrument of God's plan and democracy and sexual freedom would crumble in the face of his faith face glory The name peace king tunnel would lead to the title of authority to which moon ABC slaves claim and to which US congressman Pavey spec on capital hill and last year's controversial crown of peace coronation ritual Moons loving campaign is ambitious and diffuse as the new these he newspaper the hill reported last year And the sheer range of guests reveal this how many Pacific Rim political leaders the times owner is one overturning Filipino and Taiwanese politicians And the head of the Arizona GOP attended in recent stop in San Francisco But perhaps the most surprising VIP to tag along is Neil Bush George Herbert Walker Bush's youngest and most wayward son Who made both the Philippines and Taiwan legs of the journey? A quite a reports and newspapers from those countries and statements for Moons family Federation while Neil Bush and moon While their church could be reached for comments on the tunnel or his speaking fees a brochure from Moons family Federation And discourse that the project is God's servant desire Thorping such past wonders as the channel and heralding of a new era of automobile travel Moon reviled in the 80s as leader of a group that separated young recruits from their family says he's the Messiah His far-flung business empire includes the U.P.I. wire service washed in DC television studios of gun factory and enormous swaths of real estate A donation is millions to conservative politics In 89 US news and world report linked his group to the heritage foundation of the conservative organizations Because almost all conservative organizations in Washington have sometimes to moon ties to moon's church Where reporter John Judas conservative theory percussions if they expose the church's rule what a Judas The billionaire moon has never been one dependent of the searer club having subsidized the anti-environmental wise use movement Likewise his group anticipates an anti-tummel backlash by those who demand the preservation of the Power regions ecosystem and the protection of polar bears and seals and proposes an aggressive media strategy Public opinion polls must be carried out all over the world in absolutely essential that a public relations can't Pain do educate environmental groups concern organizations and residents nearly proposed construction sites be carried out as well Moon is said in the past that Caucasians are descended from polar bears Do you know that I do that no that's why when you were born you were bare And addition of the time favorite port the birth brother also surface an article last week from the minil times Which twice the minestower dinner in minil attended by Washington times present Donny moon Jew and Respected Filipino house dog moon Jew all right and respected Filipino house speaker Jose de Venetia venicea whatever's name it It's unfair for should tend to an intermediate stuff in the Solomon Islands probably not probably other way too many Jews there According to the minil times piece venetia for proposed moons idea for transreligious council the president portion a 2003 meeting president and force was sent to a call today brilliant idea The Taiwan paper similarly revealed high-powered support for moon describing Republican China vice president and at Lou as listening Racked to a speech In the US moons ended democracy visions been on on the floor Congress according to their congressional record on June 19 2003 Democrat Danny K Davis to a Republican Courteuld and the recognizing moons effort to create an Immensual council of legislators this body of provided directly between international leaders and various religious peoples in their constituencies They've said we're grateful to the Reverend and Mrs. Sonny Myeong moon for promoting the vision of world peace and we commend their work They were slated to pardon moons March 23rd 2004 capital Hill ceremony in which he was brought a gold crown and a rural robe to coordinate him peace king The sponsor of the event was Virginia Republican Senator John Warner who later told the Washington Post even deceived into hosting the event A charge that organizes rejected same the ritual was taken out of context While moons proposals have been deliberated by politicians around the world as a mere religious counsel church promotional materials Make clear that it's intended to forge God's father land and not just I'll talk. Oh, it's a father land A video from his group stresses that the UN will give way to a peace United nation as moon terms it with fantastic or riverbourations Like her candle that burns down sacrificing itself to you've liked to the world the light of wisdom and hopeful shine from the headquarters of world governance The peace United nations into all realms of life the narrator said they family Federation video This life will radiate behind the high barriers very reciproating nations and will illuminate the route to the world to peace the path of a familiar humanities hope and dreams Moon is frequently gone on the record against Western South democracy and individualism calling them results of the fall of Adam There are three guiding principles for the world of shoes from democracy communism and goddess of me said in the 87 sur a sermon It's clear that democracy is the West no-zim practice is cannot be the model for the world Individualism you also said if the speech in title I will follow with gratitude now obedience is what God hates most and what Satan likes best So I guess God likes sheep Corneby is into them lower to my number Neo isn't the only bush to attend moon events in 1996 his father president George Herbert Walker, Bush Travel to Buenos Aires with the revenue one of several such fundraising expeditions The 41st president told Argentina president Carlos men and they'd be joined moon and Buenos Aires for the money and actually known the Korean Reasonably well for decades rights former top to you a piece strategist Kevin Phillips in his book American Dynasty The relationship went back to the overlap between Bush's one year 10 or CIA director in 76 and the arrival of Washington of Moon whose unification churches rightly reported to be a front group for the South Korean CIA Moon and Zays have called such claims bogus saying as accuses were controlled by Satan to distract from his campaign to destroy communism Reverend moon is the latest in the line of unusual partners for Neil Bush in recent years Including the son of former Chinese prison James Amin and fugitive Russian tycoon Boris Perezowski Well, I thought it used to play for the Leafs was been promoted in the younger Bush's educational software program ignite according to the Washington Post A messy divorce case in 2003 exposes Dowians is with prostitutes in Asia Moon's group didn't return emails asking how this boroponial Bush is contribution to last week's events whose central theme was ideal families Oh, no not Neil Bush and last press the two dozen Asia Oh my god, and your fan asked Governor and his dysfunctional family and your president with his nose Problem and his bruised problem These are role models that we can all respect and admire Okay, what do we got here so far? I can't stand Religious nuts 396 likely Reverend Kakamoon South Florida drivers 102 the US government 90 phony 75 New Yorker 67 loudmouth 53 South Florida 44 people was think 44 how about people on South Florida who stink? Stupid people 36 red next 36 this poll 36 black people 33 Drunk 32 go to the dentist 24. What about a black dentist? Do you ever hear of a black dentist? You know what never never ever I bet you there's one there's gotta be his Spanish 23 Jews 19 people on cell phones 14 telephone solicitors 10 my in law 10 screaming queen's eight screamers reality shows eight obese people eight FB and L8 being married eight Sports nerd seven white people five bags for just your playing role for that screen as opposed to screamers Hold my voice people three three voters three the FCC two radio chronics one and doctors out of 129 voices still got the big Like that well you people are sure a lot more gullible than I thought you were you need to buy Kevin Tudos book You know something if he would give me like a slice. I promoted on the year Yeah, well I've done a total turn around. I mean, you know, I mean a whole world is so corrupt anyway. Why not not? Those people are trying to be honest get lucky the back of the bus that's how it was a park said Tell me about it. Yeah, just I got a conversation this morning with who great Pete yeah Peony right people I was going to say oh Yeah, those people would try to like do a real job and be a you on a straight narrow path even a gain a Ropant those people line up, you know, suck in a win Can I water that's right but the people are like lie and sheet and steel and you know So let me ask you what is it what is that about mad max again? He was telling me this morning before the show He's he's quick. He was the road warrior. No mad max was the condolating hell and down Oh, there was always her don't remember that how can I forget how can you really show it up on day one and I owe the t-shirts and Caps and paraphernal you invited them Yeah, I invite them all right. Hey listen we got a line up Mad Max Problem at chapter one in five 60 WQA and guilty from the bank Atlantic Center I'm gonna be watching again that if there's 3,000 people there I'll be shocked I want a body comp tomorrow You know, paying attention attention what they put in the paper for attendance. I mean forget about that For his last week for the caps game when they put in their 10,000 and some now what did you tell me? Who was it that told me they were like definitely no more than 3,000 people in there? I mean I don't remember if that was the game, but I remember there. Yeah, about a bit about 800 And at least game was the lowest that that was 800 Oh my god Well, I guess nobody gives a crap about the caps. Oh, there's a jack-a-letting former LBJ and Mr. Hollywood Big Shadow Kfansys himself is some kind of a that was not the one that he took. That's good Well, what what gives him his big claim to fame and all of a sudden he's a a commentator on everything now He's the great the liberal Well, I just don't get it And then of course they got that fascist with a beard on their all the time and they cure a Phillips on their talking about fascists Seriously, we need to take out CNN. We just gotta go there and just wanted to take them out. Well, let's create first Thank you our Phillips It will do blitz. Yeah, we need to do a button. Of course you're a good friend solely that he's so laid in fam 12 minutes after one all look at that When people had the freedom to make a better life for themselves and their family right and we of course He's talking about an old America that's before the New York the old economy and the new economy and that's the old America is compared to the Bush America We're only the wealthy get wealthier Just ask great hotel about health and how to do it Hey, I said most wonderful time of the year unless of course you hate crowded malls long register lines crazy crazy shoppers and parking hassles I'll have all of these things So this year make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your love once give them a dial of mattress gifts certificate When you call 1-800 mattress you can order a dial of mattress gifts certificate any amount an age of nomination amount whatever And a new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years when you call 1-800 mattress you'll choose from the top names in the mattress business They got them all they got silly Simmons sort of King Coral Stearns in banana sposter and temper pedic speak it up a Anis foster how do you feel about dessert? If you suffered damage from hurricane will love need a bed for the last minute. I feel like a banana split. I probably look like one two Need a bed for those last minute on a button how they guess call 100 mattress You'll get same day deliver from eight in the morning till 10 a night and you still picked the eight and time for a little bit of figure schedule between like Fanny to our window noon at two one to three three 45 to five 45, okay And dial master shows up on time ninety nine points seven percent of the time you can't be there right number one a Crest of a satisfaction the universe. I've been using them for a long time So before those guests you're by a pickup that phone and do the same call 1-800 mattress a log out of their website at mattress.com dial a mattress the only intelligent way to get you a great night sleep 1-800 MAT T R E S Leigh off the last S because it stands for Shostman Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news 35 year old Jay Charles Miller has been struggling for years with a minimum wage Job the toothless factory worker from Musky G. You will suffer no more The one-eyed man one-up power ball lottery to the tune of 200 million dollars. I'll say it again 200 million dollars is white Malma wanted to do something nice to show her love. She went to the store and purchased a pair of crotch less panties When she heard her husband come through the door she yelled come in here Jay and get yourself some of this When Jay Charles opened the door and saw his wife Spreaded beagle on the bed he shouted in the horror. I don't want any of that he said look What it did cure underwear? Paul Harvey Welcome Good day 19 at 5.60 WDC There's an oldie in Moldian. Sure. It's gonna be better efforts. Still haven't heard from Paul Harvey junior in a long time Thank God no wonder I'm in a such a fantastic mood Well, I'm track on to reach our goal of cutting the bed you'd definitely sit in half by 2,000 Here is a man who's been a money like a drunk and sadder man like it's coming out of a sieve like there's grown on trees behind a White House Unbelievable But it'd be and look where he's speaking too to a bunch of mugwumps in Kurnersville North Carolina That anywhere near near your neck of the woods. I never hear it. Oh Kurnersville North Carolina Nothing to be fine of them being Kurners out of there Good God. We got over 1200 votes on this full in fact. I think we got a shot You don't say a kidney would say we got a shot at 13 and we got 1231 and boys at fun I think we're talking Super Bowl now aren't you? In fact just just because of that phenomenal comeback Yesterday against the girls choking gagging team. I think we ought to share with you This is Oh Oh It was phenomenal If you couldn't smell the the fold up there like a deck of cards those buffalo builds many really suck But I take about buffalo last Friday. I take it at the town sucks everything about buffalo is grow test Except for the knee-borels beef on Kimmelwick and those really good sub sandwiches How many QAM hello? Not there on two marked that down. WQAM hello Yes, I am hi baby. I want to say something happened to me in Glass Baker such won't leave okay. I don't believe it. I just got back this morning I'm jet lag. I'm taking glass of wine to try and unwind Thank you all me too. I hit on the start in the airport on a five-member five-cent machine 500 knees and dollars Wow I mean I mean I make a Bony nickel machine I We'll afford us to get a good machine A real fortune. I can't believe it. They have a nickel real fortune? Yes. It is so weird. I'm telling you I play I've got These thousand on thoughts in there but nothing compared to what I won there And I flew America words which you're not kidding that is America worst. Oh boy. Still bad. Yeah, this one I With the idea we're fortunate here sure dollar in the side are I try the dollar is no nickels I mean I did it because I'm playing with late night and nothing to do and I think you know I spend all this money against all the odds because the machines didn't machines in the airport are as tight as a drum I can't believe it. Yeah, don't don't spend all them place please. I can't I owe you to the person that I went with because I had a bar of fat a hundred dollars from her But I have a good time, but I wouldn't go back. Well, you're okay. If I'm sure that's on have I in the get some rest? Thank you. Okay 587 bucks on a nickel machine man. I must have been a good machine man. I'll good machine You know something how do I leave that off to pull how much of makins? How do I leave that off? Well, you got black people out there. Huh? No, no, no, no, no, no, absolutely now that that's the forget about that Well, you're right about the Hispanic thing see we should have a few wins and Mexicans, but but this is a whole different category Now this is this is far removed from that The Jamaicans don't come from Africa Where where do they come from hunger to make up? Jamaican man. It's a good machine man. Oh, gee They send me and of course it's not only Jamaicans. It's the people from the Caribbean They dark-complexed people. I hate to break the news. The end of course Haitians. I don't know any Haitians So we don't want to be picking on that make it real nervous But Jamaicans I just I don't know what it is. It's just yeah 567 I need to bond with the Jamaican people. Is that a little bit better? I think you should no no. It's a you first I know you know, but you probably know all the Jamaicans and that would there keep telling you this my best friend since high school down here is a Was a Jamaican yeah is was and what's he's you making now? He's Jamaican. I'm money. I imagine Still he's a bum lot more new are everybody is 1234 votes in at pool. Well, we got a real outside shot at 1300 during the show that in 40 cents. So buy like Eight spins on it the wheel there The nickel my sheans at the airport. I don't I just I thought it was gonna be like some from now. Did you think it was gonna be like she won $30,000 or something like that? Man 5 I mean 587 bucks maybe I don't know maybe it's gonna change a lot of people's life. Would that change your life? Yeah, oh in that case I'm gonna listen what I'm gonna do is I'll stop payment on that one Did I send you you know and I'll send you one for 587. How's that all right sure Come in tell me It'll change your life Hello Yes, I have it an idea for fall It's sort of a flip spin off of this fall How about the worst phone call or so the you know the guy with the eyes and which bird never done that is for 567 I just we don't want to like give those people a lot of ego Just for you only one kind of person wants us to do a poll like that right call and that's it You're fairy 567. Oh 560 pound five when we have it from parvry junior yet I'm figure if I take it off calls you might sneak in there, but I down it just just to brighten up your day a little bit WQAM hello 2 am I think for this is you already had a fun chat with Greg this morning if you could confamulate a little bit with parvry junior That would make you day two your closest personal friends Why stop there Well who else what I ever wanted to like they're not name Hahaha We want to have a special place in their parts for you. Yeah, I can't see what part Welcome 5670560 pound five 60 leave around Yeah, keep forgetting about this 87 minute delay there were on now this 4-day delay actually this show is being taped on Thursday Might as well be the way this said the lathe thing is set up and that's of course cuz we had all that I forgot to mention about this stern piece on 60 minutes that I missed last night. What a shame. Josh is the only one. I've seen it And said nothing special Now, not much. Just another gratuitous thing because next month he starts on Syria satellite. So it's just another way to get some people to study. And that's his thing, man. That's his thing, his publicity. He is the number world's number one publicity hound. And does a hell of a job at it. Every time he farts, man, they got like, have the fart omitter to get the flavor in what he had for breakfast this morning. It's fantastic. WQA, I'm hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this door? Yeah. How are you doing, Joseph? Maybe go to Palin, what do you got? Trying to speak to Neil. You're speaking to him. This is Neil. This is Neil. I was George before, but now I'm Neil. I'm whoever you want me to be. I'm going to come out. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I know where there's a black dentist. Yeah. In Miami? Really? Well, I'm just absolutely. He needs a terrific dentist. He's a Roger Robert. His name is Ryan? Roger Fennard. He's on 119th Street, no part. OK, great. All right, there's a little free advertising for the black dentist. Good. That's excellent. Pretty much that barricade ice cream. And turn your teeth to just rotten right out of the right not. Oh, I will say this. Now, speaking of dessert, see that turned me back to that dentist foot idea. That's probably a bad idea, isn't it? Yeah, it's a bad idea. Well, if that's all I had for lunch, just a big old banana split. No, no, vanilla though. Look, you know as well as anyone. Yeah, I always come in out with books and plans and diets. Yeah. There's no diet diet. He's the only one on it. Even in there's only one diet. Stop eating and move around more. I see, OK, I'll see. I'm going to move around a little bit. All right. Ha ha ha ha. I could try doing a show standing up. I could look this, my cup like this has that. Is that something to do? Wait, I think I'll do the spot standing up. Where's some like lead weights besides the ones you have on your head weights? Yeah, you're fair. What are you trying to say? But, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'll take a little weight while you walk around. I'll take your weight everywhere. Now, get the ankle weights for Greg. I hear he's going to be wearing him pretty soon. Just joking, Greg. You're okay with us, baby. Whatever they say. You know, we agree. Whatever they say. And of course, let me just say this about the beastly. Remember that action auction thing they had there that I'm lying. Oh, brother. Talk about a bunch of scamsters for you, kid, no, but there. Pomp and a park racing in poker as the gambling action you want. Feet dream live harness racing in a great poker card room. Pomp and a park is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. And best of all, admission and parking always free at Pomp and a park. Come move home a winner from the rail. Brucey Ranger, a constant danger. Or enjoy poker in the smoke free card room with tournaments every day. Also, harness, through about high-rise, somelcasting every day, seven days week from Tracks all across North America. Post time is 725. And the card room opens at noon. In fact, it'd be open, let's see. Is that on include Monday or just Wednesday? No. So come enjoy a fine dining at the top of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday is down the night with draft beer hot dogs, so there's more just a bucket piece. Pomp and a park back in action after Hurricane. They had a lot of damage, but things are under control. Pomp and a park of black stuff at the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. I think it's probably better if I sat down because I can't reach the button. Oh, that's so much better. Pomp and a park of black stuff. I haven't even sound better sitting down. I don't function all that while standing up. In fact, maybe on the prone position would be good. A black stuff at the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule at the top of the park called 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or visit their website at Pomp and a park.com. Pomp and a park house, a horse farm, poker you can plunge on and don't forget live racing now every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, post time 725 at a p.m. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16-2-8. Oh, a bitch. In order, we're learnings our asses. The offer design for God in a second place, don't you give us that? The fashion of one mole. This is a broad, awesome, a hundred, a hundred and a hundred. Oh, it's always that way, you moron. You're well, have you know of it? Why do I come to reckon this brought her out? I'll have I come to body in no time. And then I'm gonna mow the light. You moron, where are so angry? I'm not anyway. Don't win this, I do stupidity. I'm going to be the story. Boy, this is something that is fun. Hey, buddy, you can public say that or something. Why don't you shut up and get me something to drink for you? Okay, yeah. What is that? That's I run a beer. You know, wait for me, I'd rather get wet. I'm sorry. That looks like a nice place to put it up. Yeah, we got a nice new door. I'll get to have her in the nails. You guys don't want to do it. The more we mow, just with the onions that I like it. Oh, so sorry mow. Between the bones. Between the bones. Get it in the meat, well, yeah. I got a steak. Would you be getting a steak? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. I'll see here. And check out no stick mada. Only if I got it, but I really don't want it. Because you're going to have stick mada. If you're really got it, butter. You got it, butter. You got it, butter. You got it, butter. You got it, butter. You got it, butter. You got it, butter. Yeah, yeah, butter. All right, you're not going to have to put me like a hunk of a bush. Yeah. I still feel like they're all. Well, I can see the back of the Chinese restaurant in the past. My is belly. When you're right, you're right. Well, according to my weekly schedule, and about three days, the judge more runs like you. And then in 2000 years or so from now, I'll come back again as an a little bit retarded. We'll eat the free worth. How do you? No, what thing more? Stand back. I'm not going to have some rice in right now. Stir. Nearly 40% of HSA owners were uninsured. Oh, there's that little retarded. They've come back. At least he kept up his promise. One, thirty five. And now here's tomorrow's poll. Are you ready for this? I'm ready. It's an oldie. But goodie that we took a long time ago. And of course, the reason I'm taking this, because we were discussing the other day about how it did the state. It just didn't change. The music in South Florida on your radio is is prophetic. It's tragic. And every 10, I'm in town. I get in my car. My beautiful Corvette. And I start punching around. And just desperately trying to find a song that I've heard before. And would like to ever hear again. Forget about it. Can't find it. Hey, by the way, Bob Hamilton, I'm magic. You're an idiot. You know what I said? I finally stopped calling for a bitch to them out. I'll take care of Bob Hamilton. Okay. We know he's in in Brazil. And even Ricky Tickey with a cap hate to murder poison. Sure that. What radio station you listen to the most from music. Now, I think I got the music stations on it. Do we want to put the no-spigeting ways music stations on here? Like WCMQ? I don't know what they are. I don't either. Well, why not? You better get with them. See, but he's a strict right now. What? I do have them straight now. I just don't know about the station. Oh, well, we got a couple of money. Here we got RMA in AMR. RARU AMANCIA, RAMANCIA, whatever the hell you are. I'm more. I'm more. There's got to be some convenient up-to-date directory that you can just, you know, why I order something online. No, there's none. I'll go with it. So here's what I got. WEDR, how one of five power 96, why 100? Magic, and Bob Hamilton's an idiot. RARU AMANCIA, RARMA. RARU AMANCIA, RAMANCIA, RAMANCIA, WMG. Is it still WMG? No. Is it? Hmm. That was radio smegma. Hmm. Love 94. Big kiss life. WKPS, Megan 94.9. WMIB. WVUM. WHDR, and Dolis Nielcuck. Those are my choices on here. I've radio smegma, I think it's gone. That's long gone. Or that one now MIV. Isn't that the old 103 point that the old chief frequency? Right? I don't know. They just keep changing and changing. And no matter what they change it, it's still all sucks. And what I try to figure out, we can none of us could figure what Zeta became 94.9. W-It's it's Latin. I know that, but we don't know what the color is. We don't know what the color is. We don't know what the color is. And what they play and what it's all about, Alphine. So that's what we need. There's maybe there's some Palm Beach music stations we didn't get on here. And also, whatever those 94.9 is now. See, if Dolph was there, he'll be back tomorrow from connect to good. But if definitely there, he come running in and tell you. Because he knows the market. Clarice, he wouldn't cut because he had gotten under his sports. He knows nothing about it. So all he knows is WACC 790 and QAM. That's it. And maybe 149 because Carl Ben and his foster was a little bit more. Carl Ben and his foster was under for two months to enforce. Remember that? I do. That's have 100 at least. Not 30 in the main. More stations in the market. That's what we need. By the way, it's W-M-G-E-E-W-N-G-N-E. That's what I got on here. Okay, that's it. You're good to go. Latin, I'm proud. Wow, we dance. We're Latino and proud. We're Latino and proud. That's, of course, if you're old and Latino and got green teeth, you ought to be old and embarrassed. And you're motivated and be great, but nevertheless, there's no sense there's no feeling. So W-M-G-E, I think I got them. But if there's anything, we don't have it listed, but are qualified and are fact sitting. Because once this baby goes up there tonight, it's going to be very official. It'll be like a humongous civil burden arbitrage. I'll give it to you that. W-M-Q-A-N-Hello. Yeah, yeah, yeah, man. Yeah, man. Okay, I'm black. Yeah. My dad is black, so there's a black answer. I have something for the four today and something for tomorrow. For today. I hate my boss. I hate the school board. And I hate the Roths class, be it gold. But tomorrow, I would think about one of those stations. About what station? Pandit, or what? Oh, I'm the ground. Okay, we can put that on there. Sure, 100 ground stations. Huh? Why not? Underground radio. And I heard you have put pirate stations. What would be like undergrounds last pirate? I mean, obviously we say pirate. What do we say? That's what it is. But that's, you know, maybe the underground. Undergrounds. Pirate radio. I'm not going to be right this by the way, Erick. So if you can't, first of all, anybody that puts phones on it, whenever a phone is very clearly, my penmanship is not all that bad, but nevertheless. So, my boss, I can't stand my boss. That's a good one for the poll today. Right? Right. I mean, he hadn't, like, 14 other ones. He can't stand anybody. But he's got a black dentist. So there's two. I'm sorry. We never did get an answer that about we got no German speaking people out there yet. You just wait. America is the way. Yes. He has his way. You'll all be goose step in the hot days. You'll all be a highlander bush. Let's see, 1269. We got twenty women in some. We need thirty one votes. What we got a real shot of 1300. That's that old lucky thirteen again. Sunday in Danny, Boomerino. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. And how about that next seven, baby? How about that come back yesterday against the old girls holding and choking team? It's not that I don't want to give many credits, especially that Sage dressing Rosenfeldhausstein, but nevertheless against the team that was just right for the pick and the. This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty two. A German that's that thing. Show. Your car. You love it. You needed. And you want to protect it. But how? You tried the club. You tried, low jack. You even put your trust in the wip in the little alarm system that came with your car. But where did it get you? Now the answer is here with the palace dimming in parallel. It's a sound that could whisk the dead. And it sure is half will wip the neighbors. The palace dimming in parallel works because it's not a mechanical device. It's a genuine palace Indian. And boy is he alarm. The palace Indian car alarm not only sounds a startling alarm. It also uses verbal messages to ward off would be intruders. You ought to go close to the vehicle. And if he's for six, the palace Indian car alarm will make them pay the ultimate price. I won't break these times. I can't be stolen right by home land. Time for your turn. Come on. How do you mark on? Sunset strip, Oidae Gaza strip. Do you need the palace Indian car alarm? I'm dying on the hands. 146-14 go to. Just the fact that out of the corner of my eye I can see your president there on the screen. Just gives me spilthees. I'm getting like, I'd be asking like you got. Yeah? Although, how do you feel about dessert? Sounds great. Yeah. Vanis split. I haven't had a banana split in years. And what's the big deal with the banana split? Oh, they split the banana down the little. Yeah. Well, when you watch around there have a hot pot sundae on like nestle's turtle would be good. Okay. Or like a vaster of robins would be actually like on rocky road. Hmm. That's my favorite highway, rocky road. As opposed to some of the people around there, favorite highways, the Hershey highway. That's what Sunni Fox always said. Whatever happened to Sunni Fox. He's still around. He's doing on the, is he unlike the Xem or one of those? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you've read the writers and something. Is it correct or what are those things? Five six seven. I guess we got all the music stations on here because hold an hour for, speak now for ever hold your piece. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The pound five six to the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. It's a cummer to use. QAM. Kind of. I'd like to add joe labor. That's your fault. I would you leave under the poll while guess what when I'm putting names on the poll. I'd like that. What's the season? WQAM. Hello. This George? Yeah George. I got a quick question for you. You know, the thing that came on at one o'clock, this past Friday, there was a song about 20 years ago, I think, that that that that was the, on that motel with the galby and it's that song. It's used to go on for about five six minutes with like a jodling guy. You know, there's neither that song, or the group. Caucus polkas by focus. Ah that's right because I want to get it again. I got thank you very much. You're welcome. We did a serve. Okay I want to think it all. Loc house. Focus. Orchest. Orchest. Document the toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy lightning movie. Sometimes the story. Second story. Copy it Play toy Toy. dolor. Duuut. Ishih. Cake. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh disastrous, wo—or—oh, oh, oh oh, oh—oh, oh, oh, oh I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. Fire in the fire. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. I'm gonna go to the door. No! Can't you just go to the door? Whoa! It's the door. We're going to the door. There's no way you're there in the door. They're going to be in the door. It's the door. There's no doors. There's no doors. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, I love it, yeah, oh, oh, oh, hey, hey, just want to—oh, here's a sign, no This I'd like you to stay to rob me with dark and now they're calling it so player part to cause you to lose. Say it's time for a change. Say no, move on, you have to show us in your underwear and no one ugly is allowed in there so you'll have a fun checking out so far. My number's lying down so I can get my dick up when the game is over tight. That's like my tuna balloon, that's around over my bowling now. Now you can see a lot more after the game since everybody is undressed in the same and you can look around to see what hangin down. This is paradise now. I never feel I just a food and would feel me flat if I jack in that the football of the wheels and the robbing is gone. Oh, and now it's easy. Move it, it's time to blow on the ground for a fire on the sand. I'm gonna wrap that up now. You jack that. I work that. I work that. I work that. Well, I work that. Of course, well. I need a default up all those things. And if the new team has gone on their way back, we're going to be a great one. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I've never really felt that food. I can't just have the football field just around the internet. Oh. And now it's easy. Hard. Hard. Hardly easy. Hard. Hardly easy. Hard. You better try your friend to come up with a heck of an oloful balls. Okay, I keep showing up all over the place. Or you look good thing. Good thing Muffayman town, you know? 13 and we're both Porting part of the whole show we got 13 and we're dang it anybody impressed by that not no mole We keep sending that very or higher so I put an audio hitmo on there. I did a little research here I look forward by our patrons and WRTO I'm sure there's some other ones on here like an audio swami, but I don't know what those no speeding waste if their music stations You're if they're like what what they're they are? And I noticed somebody did not put Jamaicans on this pool mon I I don't know what I'm just You know what I'm just putting that I'll put it under just feeling what? Who's who's a we know because you were talking about oh how you should have broken it up with more No, trust me. Okay Jamaicans. It's a different category. Yeah, man Exactly, now you're catching on mom. It's a good my she-in-mine 587 bucks a nickel she won't air the airport and she calls me to get all excited about come on lady It's serious I'm happy for you, but get it real First of all anybody that plays the slots in the airport deserves to lose their ass Okay, here's today's pool now not to be confused into Mars out audio stations and all other crap It's very sad it's pathetic. It's one of the great great Discraces of our industry which now is loaded with so many you know I can smell the brought worst cooking on my flavor way right now Mm-hmm man I put that under during that last break Anyway, I can't stand and we got 13 other votes religious notes 422 something we can all agree on anybody with a brain We can't stand in other words believe whatever you want. But just leave all rest of us alone Stop it of a loan you already stop with a Christian movies in the Christian video games in the Christian yellow pages And the Jewish and the Muslim and it just leave everybody alone and cut the crap South Florida drivers one oh six US government 97 phones 80 all got her so many phones Run around give me big glad hand and the big like when you encountered this morning New Yorker 71 loudmouth 55 people was stink 46 mm South Florida 44 stupid people 40 this poll 39 a hated can't stand it red next 37 black people 36 Drunk 32 go to the Venice 29 Hispanics 24 Jews 21 People on cell phone 16 screaming queens 11 Screamers reality shows 11 telfer solicitors 11 Not that kind of screamers you fairy F p and L 10 being married 10 my in laws 10 obese people eight sports nerd seven the homeless voice people five watch out What you run them over you don't hang in this and painly as bystanders Why people five the FCC for Humbendrid the Fags for free loaders three doctors two finally radio cronics one I've also have an engine make-in zone have it because they're in honor yet, but it better be now. Oh, it is Okay, like I said you make it all the sudden zoom the 600 people on their alright